We are currently seeking to expand our team and we are inviting expressions of interest from talented professionals for a range of roles.
The cost of engraving depends on the type of award or trophy you are engraving onto. In addition to text, individual company/club logo can be engraved onto your awards and trophies.
Order your request using the selected options below and we will send you a free no obligation quote including engraving and shipping costs. No payment is taken with this order request. Upon receiving and accepting the quote we will process your order.
Engraving costs will not be added to this order request. View the Engraving Prices Guide above for a general estimation of engraving costs.
A deceptively simple boss. You can simply send Hobbit after hobbit at him and continuously cast Rage to ensure they deal maximum damage to him.
Since Dragonzord is so large, he cannot actually hit the hobbits that stand underneath him, so he will be stabbed to death quickly, as the only unit he will summon against the Hobbits are Goblins, which the hobbits will defeat easily.
For a quick defeat, providing you are high enough level, you can also send Fire Dragons. The Fire Dragon deals considerable damage, and its attack animation pushes it behind Dragonzord, and out of the reach of his attack.
Creative Catering by Sherian adds taste and style to any event. Whether your occasion is formal, family, business or whimsical, our gifted staff will create the appropriate mood and menu that will delight your guests.
For intimate gathering or large group meetings, all of our delicious, savory food are prepared in our state-of-the-art Catering Center facility by a certified staff, using only select foods and top ingredients.
From our kitchen to your table we ensure freshness and top quality. Creative Catering by Sherian is the perfect recipe for your events success. To receive a quote for an upcoming event, please call us at (918) 224-4301.
another very old supercollider class i never got around to publish. it's called Pfork and makes it possible to blend or fade out patterns in other ways than plain [volume] crossfading. It was originally written for the installation Intelligent Street (in SC2) where it was used as a way of creating new music styles from a mix of multiple other styles.
here's one example of slowly zeroing out amplitudes in a 16 step pattern. frac is a value slowly changing from 1.0 to 0.0 and indicates how many values to zero out. the fork pattern is [3, 1, 2, 0]. this pattern decides which indices to zero out and in which order. so here index 3 is first in the fork pattern and will thereby be seen as the least important in the original pattern. all indices 3 will be zeroed out first. after that all indices 1 and so on. the last indices zeroed out (ie kept until frac is almost 0.0) are the indices 0 - ie the first beat out of 4 in the original amplitude step pattern.
one can also imagine 1 or 0 to be other things than amplitude and basically any array can fork into any other.
two supercollider classes i wrote long ago (nov 2008) after a technique described by Godfried Toussaint in his paper 'The Euclidean Algorithm Generates Traditional Musical Rhythms' http://www-cgrl.cs.mcgill.ca/~godfried/publications/banff.pdf
also see http://ruinwesen.com/blog?id=216 for another implementation with some great demos. and Bjorn Westergard has a sc demo here.
lots of typical patterns in say techno music can be described like this using only two numbers (relation).
below is some example supercollider code with resulting output as mp3. the hihat plays a 9/16 rhythm throughout and the snare plays 3 different ones... 5/8, 15/16 and 3/8.
my latest controller. i'll premiere it this friday (23july, 2010) at the bring-your-own-laptop event at staalplaat. it inlcludes a light sensor, 2 touch sensors, some big switches and lots of knobs for control. it is also wireless and runs off either a 9v battery or a 9-14v wall adapter. the controller data is picked up by redWirelessMaster and is then read by the computer via a serial port.
firmware, partslist and schematics attached below. a supercollider class for interpreting the data is also included.
photostream from the build process. i took out most of this beautiful old electronics and replaced it with my own circuit board. only kept the front end interface with the nice knobs.
to run all the examples you will need supercollider, processing (with the oscP5 library), maxmsp and puredata.
these screencasts were made at the 10days of SuperCollider network music workshop at subnet, salzburg, october 2009.
openobject quark by julian rohrhuber, tutorials by fredrik olofsson, voiceover and support by max kickinger.
update 150316: uploaded the code here below and made it compatible with sc3.6. thanks to edN for noticing.
just a listing of some of the supercollider code i've published on the swiki. much is old but still fully functional and hopefully useful.
2006 i fiddled with some simple drawing routines in sc. (http://swiki.hfbk-hamburg.de:8888/MusicTechnology/833). now i've added matching (?) sound synthesis and some slight modifications to the drawing code. there are 7 parameters that are used to both generate the picture and the sound. normally the parameters are randomised but it is possible to copy&paste a good sounding/looking set of parameters into the code to get the same drawing back.
i bought the klinkenstecker 3,5mm 4pol for €2,40 from segor.de. the capsule microphone i had laying around. sorry no data or idea where i got it. the whole thing is very simple to build and the sound is totally allright. now i can record into the ipod thouch and run apps like rjdj and supercollider with audio input.
Modern Classroom Interior Design: Best images about modern school interior and. What you see is get in the classroom prowl. .
Modern classroom interior design pixshark. Modern college interior design by clive wilkinson. Modern interior designs classroom. Best images about modern school interior and. What you see is get in the classroom prowl. Best ideas about modern classroom on pinterest. Interior design — hord coplan macht. Classroom interior design ideas myfavoriteheadache. Classroom interior design ideas decorating. Modern classroom interior design pixshark. Bright future for your career with interior design schools. نگاهی تازه به طراحی داخلی مدارس چیدانه. Best interior design school hupehome. Modern college interior design by clive wilkinson. Modern adult classroom decor google search wtlc design. Modern classroom by the door interiors kate choo at. Designing green schools that advance public health. Beautiful modern classroom design ideas photos interior. Best interior design school hupehome. Modern classroom interior design pixshark.
Interior design kindergarten classroom. Modern classroom design bolton manchester cheshire. Top school interior design trends rap interiors. Best ideas about modern classroom on pinterest. Modern classroom interior design pixshark. Beautiful modern classroom design ideas photos interior. Modern and surprising classroom design with warm creamy. Modern interior designs classroom. Modern school interior stock photo image of decoration. Design classic interior classroom. Minimalist private college designed by oval exudes. Intérieur de la salle classe moderne photos. Modern interior designs classroom. Besf of ideas decorating modern home office interior. Schools with a splash of color. Best interior design school hupehome. Modern classroom interior design pixshark. Modern classroom interior design pixshark. Step inside the modern classroom systems furniture. The important purpose for making interior design.
Teaching strategies for modern classrooms. Computer classroom interior design. Modern interior kids classroom school design hupehome.
Don't feel like waiting? Make a small donation to pay for our bandwidth and download all audio at 1x for free. Read more here.
*We include public domain audio, creative commons audio, personal works, and free unlicensed works into our database. When applicable the license is detailed below the sample in this area. If you have any further questions about a license please visit this page, that clearly describes the Creative Commons Audio license types.
© 2010 Free-Soccer-Picks.com | All rights reserved | Terms of use | Privacy policy | Links | Advertise
Enjoy our free services: soccer predictions (soccer tips, picks), information about today matches, archives of past events, odds movement, comments, analysis, statistics, reviews, soccer predictions, soccer odds, free football predictions, free football tips, free football picks, free soccer tips, free soccer picks.
Emergency property repair services in Westwood Lakes, Florida from water and flood damages. We clean and restore your home or business quickly, extracting water, drying out your basement and all necessary repairs to return your property back to normal as quickly as possible!
If you have recently suffered water damage to your property, you need the help of professionals to remove the water and dry out your property. Taking this job on by yourself without the proper knowledge and equipment could lead to further damage, and there is always a risk of underlying damages that only a trained professional can spot. That is why it is in your best interest to call a team of professionals in Westwood Lakes, Florida because they will get the job done right the first time around. We have been in the water extraction industry for many years, giving property owners a peace of mind and completely restoring their properties in a safe and timely manner. When it comes to customer service, we only want to provide you with the best. That is why we only employ the best when it comes to manpower and equipment. Our equipment is the best available in the industry today, and can dry out your property successfully in no time. Our technicians have all undergone extensive training procedures to earn them a Clean Trust certification, stating that they proudly uphold all industry safety standards. We also stay up to date on the most recent advances in the water mitigation field, because we only want to provide you with the best service possible.
The first step after sustaining water damage to your property is to call your insurance company and find out if you are covered in this situation. Once you have figured out your insurance coverage, call our local Westwood Lakes, Florida service techs to come out to your location. In most cases, we can arrive to your property within an hour of your call to our dispatch center. From small basement flooding disasters, to large disaster cleanup at your commercial or industrial facility, we have the equipment to get the job done right! The first thing we will do when we arrive to your property is a thorough assessment, or walk through. We will check every crack and crevice to ensure that we didn’t miss anything, and once we are finished, we will set up a personalized disaster recovery plan with you. Once you sign off stating that you agree to the services, we will call in the rest of our expert team to begin the water extraction process. We work with all major insurance companies in Westwood Lakes, Florida including AAA, Allstate, Chubb, Citizens, Farmers, Liberty Mutual, Nationwide, State Farm, USAA
When dealing with water on your property, it is important to know that time can affect every aspect of the job. As more time goes on, more damage can be sustained to your property. When stagnant water sits on a home or business for an extended amount of time it seeps into the constructive materials, weakening the building structure substantially. Rot and mold may also begin to grow if too much time goes on. That is why it is quite important to leave the job to the professionals in this type of situation, because they have the proper tools and manpower needed for a successful extraction process. Also, if any of your personal possessions have been damaged, do not worry. We can take the contents of your property to our offsite facility to have them dried out, sanitized, deodorized and looking as good as new in no time at all. Because we know that water disasters can happen at any time; during the day, the night, on a holiday, or even on the weekend, we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year for your convenience anywhere to Westwood Lakes, Florida and surrounding areas. No job is too big or too small for our team. We are fully equipped to handle a small pipe burst on a residential home to a full-scale flood on a commercial property. We want to be the company you call in your time of need! We also will work alongside you and the insurance adjuster every step of the way. We want you to receive the best claim possible for the damages sustained to your property. If you would rather not deal with the hassle, we can also offer direct billing at your discretion.
Emergency property repair services in Wickliffe, Ohio from water and flood damages. We clean and restore your home or business quickly, extracting water, drying out your basement and all necessary repairs to return your property back to normal as quickly as possible!
If you have recently suffered water damage to your property, you need the help of professionals to remove the water and dry out your property. Taking this job on by yourself without the proper knowledge and equipment could lead to further damage, and there is always a risk of underlying damages that only a trained professional can spot. That is why it is in your best interest to call a team of professionals in Wickliffe, Ohio because they will get the job done right the first time around. We have been in the water extraction industry for many years, giving property owners a peace of mind and completely restoring their properties in a safe and timely manner. When it comes to customer service, we only want to provide you with the best. That is why we only employ the best when it comes to manpower and equipment. Our equipment is the best available in the industry today, and can dry out your property successfully in no time. Our technicians have all undergone extensive training procedures to earn them a Clean Trust certification, stating that they proudly uphold all industry safety standards. We also stay up to date on the most recent advances in the water mitigation field, because we only want to provide you with the best service possible.
The first step after sustaining water damage to your property is to call your insurance company and find out if you are covered in this situation. Once you have figured out your insurance coverage, call our local Wickliffe, Ohio service techs to come out to your location. In most cases, we can arrive to your property within an hour of your call to our dispatch center. From small basement flooding disasters, to large disaster cleanup at your commercial or industrial facility, we have the equipment to get the job done right! The first thing we will do when we arrive to your property is a thorough assessment, or walk through. We will check every crack and crevice to ensure that we didn’t miss anything, and once we are finished, we will set up a personalized disaster recovery plan with you. Once you sign off stating that you agree to the services, we will call in the rest of our expert team to begin the water extraction process. We work with all major insurance companies in Wickliffe, Ohio including AAA, Allstate, Chubb, Citizens, Farmers, Liberty Mutual, Nationwide, State Farm, USAA
When dealing with water on your property, it is important to know that time can affect every aspect of the job. As more time goes on, more damage can be sustained to your property. When stagnant water sits on a home or business for an extended amount of time it seeps into the constructive materials, weakening the building structure substantially. Rot and mold may also begin to grow if too much time goes on. That is why it is quite important to leave the job to the professionals in this type of situation, because they have the proper tools and manpower needed for a successful extraction process. Also, if any of your personal possessions have been damaged, do not worry. We can take the contents of your property to our offsite facility to have them dried out, sanitized, deodorized and looking as good as new in no time at all. Because we know that water disasters can happen at any time; during the day, the night, on a holiday, or even on the weekend, we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year for your convenience anywhere to Wickliffe, Ohio and surrounding areas. No job is too big or too small for our team. We are fully equipped to handle a small pipe burst on a residential home to a full-scale flood on a commercial property. We want to be the company you call in your time of need! We also will work alongside you and the insurance adjuster every step of the way. We want you to receive the best claim possible for the damages sustained to your property. If you would rather not deal with the hassle, we can also offer direct billing at your discretion.
Motor gives power to your MCU. Ya power to do physical works, for example move your robot. So it is essential to know how to control a DC motor effectively with a MCU. We can control a DC motor easily with microcontrollers. We can start it, stop it or make it go either in clockwise or anti clock wise direction. We can also control its speed but it will be covered in latter tutorials.
A DC motor is electromechanical device that converts electrical energy into mechanical energy that can be used to do many useful works. It can produce mechanical movement like moving the tray of CD/DVD drive in and out (you may like to try it out Go to My Computer, right click the drive icon and click “Eject”). This shows how software controls a motor. DC motors comes in various ratings like 6V and 12V. It has two wires or pins. When connected with power supply the shaft rotates. You can reverse the direction of rotation by reversing the polarity of input.
As the MCUs PORT are not powerful enough to drive DC motors directly so we need some kind of drivers. A very easy and safe is to use popular L293D chips. It is a 16 PIN chip. The pin configuration is as follows.
This chip is designed to control 2 DC motors. There are 2 INPUT and 2 OUTPUT PINs for each motors. The connections is as follows.
So you saw that you just need to set appropriate levels at two PINs of the microcontroller to control the motor. Since this chip controls two DC motors there are two more output pins (output3 and output4) and two more input pins(input3 and input4). The INPUT3 and INPUT4 controls second motor in the same way as listed above for input A and B. There are also two ENABLE pins they must be high(+5v) for operation, if they are pulled low(GND) motors will stop.The following program starts the motor runs it one direction for some time and then reverses the direction.
You will need a Motor Driver Board, Low Cost 28 PIN AVR Development Board and a 150RPM DC Motor to carry out this experiment.
The speed of DC motor can also be controlled with MCU. PWM or pulse width modulation technique is used to digitally control speed of DC motors. I will show you how that is done in later tutorials after I introduce you with internal TIMERS of AVR because PWM is generated using timers.
Avinash Gupta is solely focused on free and high quality tutorial to make learning embedded system fun !
I have heard of Stepper motors -they are specially used for such control- and also heard that DC motors do not give a good response.Is it true?
thanks for the Avr tutorial. i’m trying out this interfacing of dc motor circuit but there is no current flowing inside the circuit… kindly help me
If you have questions about what kind of motor to choose for your DIY project here is a summary presentation of different types of motors. You will see here how they work and in what kind of projects you can use them wisely: http://www.microdiy.com/index.php?/tutorials/motor-tutorial-for-diy-electronics-project.html
Why cann’t we use ULN2803 in place of L293D to drive DC motor??…ULN 2803 has also current specification of 600mApms…Is anything special in L293D?
ULN2803 is darlinton array while L293 is a push pull driver. ULN can only sink current cannot source it, so it cannot be used in bi-directional control of motor. By the way this site is for engineers not KG students
dude,i must say you are awesome man.ur tutorial really helps me out.hey, one more thing.when ur r start writing about the tutorial of dot matrix interfacing and programming?????dude, i m thankfully waiting for ur next tutorial about dot-matrix.
Hey Avinash , Great tutorial I must say , but I wanted to ask that what would the program ( C ) look like if I had to control 2 motors using the L293D using the same logic.? ( And I mean controlling the motors simultaneously) What ports should I use for the second motor?
thank you avinash sir,this is a great website for beginners,hope you keep coming up with such helpful and self contained tutorials .god bless you sir.sir, can you please suggest online website to become perfect in c programming.i will be greatful to you
i have xboard v2.0 with me. can i control the speed of 12v dc motor 150 rpm by changing the adapter of 12v to 9v or 6v ?
hey thanks for tutorial. but i need AVR C code and circuit diagram for DC motor speed control using Atmega32 and motor should stop when it senses IR signal. its too urgent please send soon
am doing project with pic16f877a interfacing motor driver L293D…. i worked some programs on my own, and simulated in proteus software… but i cant get it output… plz refer me some tutorials….
thank you sir its a nice tutorial . now am trying to do obstracle avoiding robot. by referring yours tutorial .In that the xboard contains l298 driver . is that works in l293d?
@Shihab, you have to share the given link on Facebook, in order to make the download link appear !:-)
we have checked your FB profile and found out that you have not shared the link so we are stopping your account 🙂
I need some circuitry to wire two motors like you have only i need them to polarize and reverse. What do i need to add to this that you have done already with the dual motor layout?
Rox: I thought pic18 microcontrollers has 16 Bit Timer 0, why not use the option so that you have less interruptions...
Tomasz: It was my fault. I had wrong power connection on my PCB. After fixing it, programming with eXtreme Burner...
Tomasz: Hi Avinash I like the gui of eXtreme Burner. It’s really user friendly. But I have a problem...
Gerhard: Good day, Thank you for explaining re async operation. I am interested in sync operation, using the the...
Required Talented Embedded Engineers having passion for a successful and rewarding career Whatsapp +91-9939369624
PlayTime Family Fun Center features Over 30,000 SQ. Ft. Party Rooms for Birthday Parties, Bounce Houses, Rock Climbing, Interactive Games, Arcade Fun, Cannon Ball, Basketball, Toddler Land, Glow Golf, Mini Theater, Sweet Intentions Pamper Princess Parties/Tea Parties, build your own stuff animal, popcorn, pizza, nachos, hot dogs, juice boxes, and much more. Parents, you will have a blast playing with your children or just sitting back & relaxing while your kids have healthy fun.
We are Metro Detroit’s first and best indoor inflatable party center designed for the entertainment of children and families alike. Extreme Fun's indoor play center that features 30,000 square feet of a climate-controlled setting and has several large-scale inflatables to climb, bounce and slide on. We also have a 10,000 square foot location in Lansing that is perfect for whatever type of event you might have. Our Roseville location is home to 30,000 square feet of fun.
Extreme Fun’s Inflatable Play lands are located in the Macomb Mall and PlaytimeWaterford. We are the first indoor inflatable party world designed for the entertainment of children and families alike. Extreme Fun inflatable play lands features a 30,000 sq ft. climate-controlled setting of several large scale inflatable’s to climb, bounce and slide on. Extreme Fun Moon Walks range from an aquatic journey thru the jaws of a great white “Finding Nemo Experience” ...
Booking a party is easy. Click the "Book Now" button below. We look forward to meeting your entertainment needs.
GREAT DEAL! Great Place! GREAT FUN Visiting the Macomb Mall!! I stumbled upon this HUGE inflatable playland! Really this place is huge! Had to drag my kids out!!! It was one price to play ALL DAY!! Yippie I get to shop, surf the net and sit in the massage chair while my kids bounce all their energy out! Their Prices are so great we've been coming back at least 2-3 times a month. I haven't booked a party yet but I've seen the packages and they are VERY reasonable unlike the other places.. We can bring our own food if we want to.Beats pizza at every party! Private party rooms too! Oh yeah....I have a three year old and he had a blast in their Toddler Land with ride on toys ,kiddie rides, and make believe toy structures! I recommend this to all my friends just a Great Family place to have fun!
My kids are 5 and 3 and they love extreme fun. Good price and it's unlimited play. Other places charge more and give you a set amount of time. Extreme Fun is perfect for rainy and super,hot days to get the kids out.
This place has the best prices around. I've tried out the bounce house but it didnt cut it for my kids. They like to play for hours! This is a good place to burn them out, and they think its a treat. I take my kids there about once a month now since I had my sons birthday there. I will definitely have more parties there, they let me run the party how I wanted Bounce house was too controlling with how the party needed to be. My family is the type to just relax and have a good time. Extreme fun was a perfect fit for my kids.
I love this place.....Super fun....Super big......The workers are always cleaning and willing to help....We have been to other Bounce House places and they want more money and even want to charge the adults to come in. Take your kids here and relax. Thanks Extreme Fun for being fun :)
GREAT PLACE TO TAKE YOUR KIDS!! We went to visit one Saturday, and the kids had the opportunity to Meet & Greet 5 different characters! The characters performance on their stage was simply AWESOME! The look on my kids face was simply priceless. It made me feel good, to see my kids having a good time. Their employees are awesome, and the store is always clean.This is a Great place for birthday parties. They have everything you need for you party under one roof. My Overall experience with good and I will continue to bring my kids there.
We had a great party! We couldn’t have asked for better service and the overall experience was great. We will most definitely be back! No suggestions, just keep up the great work! Thank you!
We are Metro Detroit’s first and best indoor inflatable party center designed for the entertainment of children and families alike. Extreme Fun's indoor play center that feature 30,000 sq ft.
Next message: John Marlow: "Re: Paradox--was Re: Active shields, was Re: Criticism depth, was Re: Homework, Nuke, etc.."
Previous message: CurtAdams@aol.com: "Re: Paradox--was Re: Active shields, was Re: Criticism depth, was Re: Homework, Nuke, etc.."
In reply to: Michael M. Butler: "Re: Paradox--was Re: Active shields, was Re: Criticism depth, was Re: Homework, Nuke, etc.."
Next in thread: Michael M. Butler: "Re: Paradox--was Re: Active shields, was Re: Criticism depth, was Re: Homework, Nuke, etc.."
Reply: Michael M. Butler: "Re: Paradox--was Re: Active shields, was Re: Criticism depth, was Re: Homework, Nuke, etc.."
On #FridayWithFelton, head coach Dennis Felton discusses summer coaching clinics, including a USA Basketball Coach Academy he will present at in August and a clinic he was the featured US clinician in Serbia in June.
In the category of VINE Tattoo located beautiful design ideas of tattoos for Your body. If You're a fan of the VINE themes, maybe designs tattoos placed in this category fit for Your body.
The Aarhus University is the second-oldest and second-largest university in Denmark. The mission of Aarhus University is to ensure and develop knowledge, welfare and culture through research and research-based education, knowledge dissemination and external advice. Aarhus University is committed to the inclusion of all students with talent, capabilities and motivation. It has the Counselling and Support Centre for Students with Special Needs for counselling, guidance and support. The Centre has a wide network, is national and international training and support provider for staff working in the tertiary and secondary education sectors and is nationally and internationally considered to be a leading expert organization. Through various forms of educational, psychological and institutional support Center is trying to make studies available to students with disabilities. University as a partner offers examples of good practice in the area of operations, for all forms of support to students with disabilities.
Edwards & Company, Building Envelope Consultants is a technical consulting firm addressing the design and performance of the Building Envelope. This includes the coordinated development of the facade cladding, glazing, roofing, and waterproofing systems. The firm assists owners and architects achieve performance and beauty in the projects that reflect their image and values.
Edwards & Company was established in 1992 when Robert Edwards sought to bring New York City type envelope consultancy services to other growing metropolitan markets. The staff was assembled from leading consultancy, engineering, and manufacturing firms. Our staff includes pioneers in the industry who continue to lead in the areas of curtain wall consulting, rainscreen facades, and envelope commissioning. From its inception, Edwards & Company's only focus has been the Building Envelope.
Edwards & Company has worked with institutions, owners, developers, and architects on innovative and complex new construction and renovation projects. Our services include: design assistance, peer review, submittal review, conformance monitoring, testing administration, performance assessment, and envelope commissioning.
In 2012, Valve introduced which they were engaged on a console/Computer system hybrid for the lounge which was unofficially dubbed by media as the "Steam Box".[seventy one][seventy two] A precursor to this type of unit is SteamOS, a freely obtainable Linux-based mostly working system that builds on the Steam customer functionality that includes media providers, Are living streaming across household networks, video game sharing in just family members, and parental controls.
But I am presently impressed. It would've taken me untold several hours to obtain to The purpose where I'd a little something usable applying manual procedures. Making use of our "live" board tends to make an incredible demo!"
A corporation from the Midwest not long ago blanketed the radio airwaves about its becoming the only real ISO 9001 Qualified dental wellness insurance policy provider. The implication was it ought to be the primary selection due to the fact its rivals weren't ISO 9001 Accredited. All companies, no matter merchandise or companies, make strategic conclusions relative to how they work and want to use their resources. These conclusions ordinarily contain how to raised meet up with shoppers' requires, create enhancement and operate more cost efficient and productive procedures. In some unspecified time in the future, It's really a issue of resource allocation. How can administration utilize its treasured time, Vitality and income? Is ISO 9000 a advertising and marketing Device to get administered from the quality purpose to point out clients the organization includes a performing QMS, as opposed to rivals that don't? Is Six Sigma a plan a company need to apply to convince customers and the monetary marketplaces It can be fiscally prudent? Anttila's viewpoint I had The great fortune numerous months ago to get on the exact same plan in a conference with JuhaniI Anttila, vp of quality integration for Sonera Alternatives Ltd., Helsinki, Finland. Anttila continues to be very well-recognised while in the ISO 9000 environment given that its inception. He was billed being a speaker within the implications of employing ISO 9000 as well as changes in The brand new common. I got the impact most of the meeting audience of U.S. govt and sector quality pros have been expecting a dissertation on the precise changes ISO 9000:2000 would provide in comparison With all the 1994 Edition and how they must transform their quality process documentation to meet the new needs.
"We have now made use of the Unisoft software considering that 1993 and it really works terrific! … Simply a Take note to convey I'm using the cost-free Unisoft Laptop Board CAD Viewer & Gerber Viewer software extensively to get a job I'm engaged on. I believe the difficulty of the alternate process would greatly enhance the time to completion.
Quality Administration System vs. Quality Enhancement What ought to we notify the CEO? by Dale K. Gordon As being a reader of quality related publications and periodicals, I have been noting the fragile dance between two unique factions. On a single aspect of the floor are All those whose passions are for a strong and all encompassing quality management process (QMS), which include ISO 9000:2000 or simply a spinoff. On the other facet of precisely the same floor are those that advocate devotion to a complete course of action enhancement or quality enhancement (QI) technique, for example 6 Sigma, overall quality management (TQM) or lean production.
TUTORIAL MOVIE: In case you have not currently done so we advise that you simply watch the tutorial movie which shows most options from the software and can help save you time inside your products evaluation. Finish the Literature Ask for to obtain the
Look at-MARKUP module can be considered at various stations about the creation ground by your inspection, assembly and restore staff.
Produce your course of action documentation, assembly sheets, system aids (automatic assignment of distinctive shades he has a good point and styles to every aspect number around the assembly). Assign independent colors to components for every assembly move, add textual content and graphic annotations.
Print or plot to any Windows appropriate printer. Print the total assembly or perhaps a zoomed in phase or simply a schematic segment.
Our quality dept (who utilize the software for FAI) have said "Because the introduction of the new paperwork We've got seen a marked enhancement on to start with time move prices and build quality".
[111][112] In Oct 2016, the Washington Condition Gambling Fee demanded Valve to stop using virtual skins for gambling on Steam, stating they might face authorized repercussions when they failed to co-run.[113] On October 17, 2016, Valve sent a letter on the Washington have a peek at these guys Condition Gambling Commission stating they experienced "no business connection with this sort of gambling sites", asserting they appear into existence, operate, and head out of existence with out their information and consent, incorporating that they weren't conscious of any these kinds of legislation that Steam or any in their game titles were being violating.[114] Anti-competitive methods
As quite a few of Valve's sequence element only two Principal game titles, named with numerals for instance 50 %-Existence and Fifty percent-Everyday living two, and without having obvious announcements on a 3rd title in these sequence, Valve has produced a lighthearted joking reputation for not being able to depend to 3, or fearful of this selection.
"We experienced a board Assembly previous evening and one of the topics around the agenda was the Assembly treatments developed Using the software. We've got over the last quarter rolled out the use of the Unisoft Output for generating our Create pack assembly paperwork as well as responses from all departments has actually been a seem endorsement in the product.
Any methodology and structured method of enhancement of procedures is expected to get Portion of a performing QMS. I quotation again from Anttila: Reaping benefits through the standards demands that they are applied to the small business in an integrated manner. ISO 9000 and 9004 supply the true basis for a knockout post a powerful and efficient QMS as being a basis for its continual improvement. Quality assurance types but a small A part of ISO 9000 and TQM. There is no proof certification would enhance the competitiveness of an organization. Certificates as indicators of quality have substantially hampered The fundamental utilization with the requirements, and making use of ISO 9000 only for a checklist for certification has corrupted the whole core concept of the criteria. Sound implementation of ISO 9000 amounts to normal, productive and effective client driven company administration.seven
You'll be able to control boarder and callout line shades identical to textual content annotations, plus you are able to stretch you graphic any way you like.
Vivaha Wedding Solutions is a professional wedding planner, decorator, event organizer and coordinator. It offers tailor-made designing and management of all important celebrations and events for you and your family.
Because I've been running around like a fool this past week, I'm giving ya a graphical post made of things not of my creation. Enjoy!
What to Chicago women do when a British suffragist is in town? Postpone Thanksgiving dinner! Image from The Society Pages. One of the awesome things about living in Chicago is that I know I'm raising hell in a city that has a long history of women raising hell. Click over to see the newspaper account of this postponed dinner.
Have you received the email about women & voting? Kinda surprised it hasn't found a new life in recent weeks. Either way, enjoy these images from that email and two that I took myself:
Blog Archive October (3) September (1) August (2) July (1) May (3) April (1) March (1) January (1) October (2) September (1) August (1) June (7) May (2) April (3) March (8) February (4) January (3) December (3) November (6) October (8) September (3) June (1) May (1) April (4) March (6) February (6) January (6) December (2) November (29) October (7) September (1) August (2) July (2) June (4) May (4) April (4) March (3) February (3) January (5) December (10) November (6) October (9) September (4) August (11) July (12) June (7) May (6) April (1) March (6) February (8) January (7) December (12) November (15) October (5) September (6) August (8) July (16) June (7) May (7) April (8) March (4) February (4) January (21) December (8) November (8) October (10) September (7) August (11) July (9) June (9) May (8) April (2) March (1) February (9) January (11) December (8) November (12) October (8) September (7) August (17) July (12) June (14) May (12) April (4) March (10) February (4) January (7) December (14) November (12) October (15) September (14) August (15) July (13) June (11) May (14) April (12) March (27) February (20) January (16) December (15) November (13) October (22) September (19) August (14) July (9) June (19) May (18) April (13) March (18) February (11) January (21) December (34) November (27) October (37) September (35) August (37) July (40) June (37) May (39) April (39) March (48) February (39) January (35) December (21) November (16) October (10) September (13) August (8) July (21) June (1) July (1) April (1) November (1) July (1) April (1)
The Translation service allows you to easily translate from Slovak to Ukrainian language with one click of the mouse. It includes a set of language tools to facilitate your translation job: multilingual Virtual keyboard, Spell-checker, Dictionary, Russian decoder and Transliteration, Text to Speech, Back translation and others. The translator interface is localized to 23 languages to target a native speaking audience.
The Slovak online translation may give you pretty good translation results. But you can try to make the translation even more accurate by using the back translation feature. Try to re-write the original text or to choose other words, and see if the back translation shows translation close to the original text.
"Every day, you have to get better and better to improve your team, but we are still missing five guys who are really going to contribute to this team. Right now, with what we have got, and the guys who keep coming back in from their injuries, we have to keep getting better and better every day, rebound the ball better, move the ball better and just play as a team. I think we will be a very, very good team."
Want to know how to make a difference? Why do some social startups succeed and others fail? Come hear Kathleen Kelly Janus discuss the five essential strategies to make a social impact. Over the past five years, Kathleen has been on a mission to understand why some social startups succeed and scale, while others dont. She interviewed hundreds of top-performing social entrepreneurs from DonorsChoose, to Kiva and Charity:Water.
All events in Hyderabad on 22nd January 2013, in music concerts, dance, theatre, arts, literature, nightlife, festivals, sports, workshops, technology, talks, food, campus, competitions, exhibitions and more.
© Copyright 1999-2009 LRR Technologies (Hyderabad), Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved. fullhyd, fullhyderabad, Welcome To The Neighbourhood are trademarks of LRR Technologies (Hyderabad) Pvt Ltd. The textual, graphic, audio and audiovisual material in this site is protected by copyright law. You may not copy, distribute, or use this material except as necessary for your personal, non-commercial use. Any trademarks are the properties of their respective owners. More on Hyderabad, India. Jobs in Hyderabad.
Improve your chances of conceiving and carrying to term with Traditional Chinese Medicine and Acupuncture
Join us for an informative fertility Q&A session, that is free to the public. We will be offering tea, coffee, and light snacks. Learn about the natural remedies, acupuncture options, and traditional Chinese medicine treatments that can support a natural pregnancy or assist with IUI/IVF interventions.
This is a great talk for women who are starting for children after 30, mum's facing difficulties with having their second or third child, and any potential parent with fertility concerns. Megan Nielsen will be covering a wide range of fertility topics such as difficulties conceiving, carrying to term, and lifestyle changes that can benefit you and your baby.
Megan is a mum herself, who had her first child at 37. She understands first-hand the fertility struggles that can come about with a pregnancy later in life. Today she has a happy and healthy young son. Megan is originally from the US and did her training and education in the San Francisco area, she now brings that knowledge to New Zealand.
Megan has a Degree in Biology and a Master’s in Traditional Chinese Medicine. She has been specialized in fertility for over 10 years and has worked closely with numerous fertility specialists during that time.
Megan always says that working in fertility and helping people grow their families has been the most rewarding work she’s ever done. Please take advantage of this opportunity and learn how TCM and acupuncture can assist you with a happy and healthy pregnancy.
University students: Felipe Bonezi, Vinícius Araújo, Marcos Vinícius Silva and Vinícius Dias decided to combine their wide range of mobile app development experience and participate in the BlackBerry Jam Session Hackathon in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It’s a good thing they did – the team’s submission, Beegoo, was named “Best App!”
“Many people want the convenience of a car but don’t own one. As a way to help minimize the impact of the greenhouse effect, we developed Beegoo. Beegoo is a carpooling social network where people can either offer or solicit rides with others. The main goal of the app is to minimize the need for all members of the social network to own a car. The Beegoo app has the potential to do both social and environmental good.”
The BB Rocks team has a lot of experience developing for other platforms and the Beegoo app was the team’s first time working with Research In Motion. “We studied Cascades++ a couple weeks before participating in the BlackBerry Jam Session Hackathon and it was really easy to learn. We were able to leverage our past experience with C++ and Qt. Cascades™++ really does a lot of the work for you. The interface builder is really easy to understand and we developed our user interface using C++ and the Qt Modeling Language.
“The BlackBerry Jam Session Hackathon was a great venue to learn new solutions to meet our development needs, make friends and do some great networking. We learned a new programming language and won the challenge, so there isn’t anything better than that! RIM is a company devoted to developers. We feel that the future is very promising for the BlackBerry 10 platform.”
Team Red Bull A-Z features talented students and developers with experience primarily focused on web development. Their Red Bull A-Z app is actually the first mobile application anyone on the team has ever developed!
“The application is essentially a message aggregator that users can launch to follow a live event. For example, if the user is watching a mixed martial arts fight, they can follow all of the real-time messages that are coming in from a variety of social networks.”
“Events like this are always great for developers. The Hackathon was particularly important for us because we had never developed a mobile application, and didn’t know very much about the BlackBerry 10 platform. If we had any questions, the Research In Motion team was more than happy to help. Their feedback was also very helpful.”
“One of our team members had extensive experience in web development, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Adobe ActionScript 3, so he set the environment one day before the event. It was a real benefit to be able to choose between a broad range of work flows, editors, SDK versions and different ways to compile and deploy the project. We used FDT and the Flex SDK to edit and compile the project. Once we did all the configurations, it was very easy to configure the other computers in the same way. We loved being able to work with Adobe AIR, especially since one of our team members had so much experience with Adobe ActionScript 3. Research In Motion clearly did its homework!”
The excitement of last week’s launch of BlackBerry 10 still hasn’t worn off around these parts. We feel it in the air. We are at the brink of something new in the world of mobile computing. As you know, we here at BlackBerry have been working tirelessly to get to this point, the global launch of BlackBerry 10. But the launch of BlackBerry 10 is just the beginning. There is still so much more to do, and the team here is already starting on the next steps. The first of these is adding support for the BlackBerry Q10 and its physical keyboard into our BlackBerry WebWorks SDK and the Ripple Emulator.
Luckily, from a WebWorks perspective, everything you need is already on the BlackBerry 10 operating system. The two major areas where the BlackBerry Q10 and the BlackBerry Z10 are the physical keyboard and the screen size.
For the physical keyboard, the system takes care of handling the input for you and piping it into your app just as if it came from the virtual keyboard on a BlackBerry Z10. However, the traditional BlackBerry user is also very used to having actions be triggerable from the keyboard when not actually performing text input. Think of clicking ‘r’ in the Inbox on a BlackBerry OS device in order to trigger a Reply action. If you wish to provide your user keyboard shortcuts within your application, you can use the standard HTML5 onkeypress event. Set a listener on the appropriate HTML elements, process the key stroke and trigger the action.
In terms of the screen size, HTML5 standard approaches in responsive design are more than adequate to allow you to layout the UI of your application appropriately in different screen resolutions. The major difference we have from a system perspective is related to some key User experience decisions made for the smaller screen size, and that the WebWorks platform handles for you. For example, the context menu on the BlackBerry Z10 automatically triggers an overflow UI if there are more than seven items in the menu. For the BlackBerry Q10 it will do this for four or more items. The BlackBerry Q10, due to its OLED display, also uses true black in some UI elements to be more efficient. These are just some examples, but I want to reiterate that all of this is supported out of the box by the web platform that is part of the latest BlackBerry 10 OS builds, so you will not actually see a BlackBerry WebWorks SDK refresh for BlackBerry Q10 support. There is a BlackBerry WebWorks refresh in the works to add a few new APIs, but we’ll talk about that soon in a different post.
What you will find is a refresh to Ripple to allow you to select the BlackBerry Z10 or the BlackBerry Q10 for emulation when targeting the BlackBerry 10 platform. This will allow you to emulate and test your layout against the different screen sizes of the devices and ensure your design will work for both devices. If you already have Ripple installed, you should see an update come in automatically. If you don’t already have Ripple you can get it here. Enjoy!
Last week was an amazing for game developers with some of the most exciting game conferences happening around the globe. At the Nordic Unite conference, we saw some major announcements around the Unity Game Engine, specifically how indie developers can now get Unity for free. The news could not have come at a better time for the BlackBerry team at Casual Connect Asia 2013. At this year’s event, Brett from Unity and our own Justin Lee teamed up to talk about the latest Unity SDK for BlackBerry 10 and the opportunities for game developers on BlackBerry 10. Brett demoed an impressive title from AlphaPod, a Malaysian studio that had managed to port their game within a couple of hours leading up to the event. Check out the Ying and Yang duo in action below:
The most exciting part of the event for us would have had to be the Indie Showcase . Over 70 indie game studios from around the world showed off their latest and greatest stuff. The showcase could best be described as being in an exclusive gaming arcade with an unlimited pouch of coins. And the best part – the chance to speak to the designers and developers of these creative titles. Congratulations to Vinova from Singapore, the ‘Best in Show’ winner of the Indie Showcase for their tower defense game: Ultimate Arrow (coming soon to BlackBerry World – and yes we saw it working on a BlackBerry Z10!)
This is where things got really interesting in the Indie Showcase. We had planned to engage and invite these awesome developers to the BlackBerry 10 platform as most of them had never considered building games on BlackBerry, but what followed was simply unimaginable. During the 24 hours of the event, we had over 30 of these amazing titles ported and running on BlackBerry 10! Yes we managed to get all flavors from Unity, Cocos2d-x, AIR and even HTML5. Each of the indie game developers proudly left with their first BlackBerry 10 devices including the first cut of their titles already running on them. There was tremendous excitement in the BlackBerry camp with Justin and Didiet racing against the clock to help as many of the indie studios as possible. The BlackBerry team is in pure anticipation for these sensational titles to hit the BlackBerry World store but while we wait, let’s see what some of these studios had to say about their first hand experience on bringing games on BlackBerry 10:
You can use your phone to create an internet connection from a laptop or desktop. Remember, you need to set up your phone for internet.
His follow at Eye Consultants of Pennsylvania is incredibly equivalent, besides he restrictions his Speak to lens people at Eye Consultants to existing people because he is barely offered on the limited program. He also does pre and put up-op lasik evaluations and cataract co-management.
Contact to routine a free 1-hour session, where you will fulfill with the surgeon to assist you to make your mind up if LASIK is a great choice for you. Our expert personnel will guidebook you through the method and solution any concerns you may have.
spouse businesses, who routine via their plan/membership are entitled to this confined time present. Discounts determined by a regular price of $2099 for every eye. Price ranges will range by market place and therefore are matter to change.
Only an eye fixed treatment professional skilled in laser eyesight correction can determine In case you are a prospect for this procedure. The iFS® laser is actually a surgical laser that could be used to generate flaps to be used in LASIK surgery.
LASIK eye surgery is a standard technique used to right eye issues, like nearsightedness, farsightedness and astigmatism. All three are problems that influence the eye’s capability to give attention to objects near and far away.
The surgeon then lifts the flap to allow for therapy through the excimer laser. When treatment method is total, the flap is precisely repositioned, because of its beveled here edge.
Thompson: I concur with that time period. It is really very important that there be truth in advertising, and the truth is the fact that no blade is utilized. Truly, even though, this engineering normally is called "all laser" LASIK.
From professional surgeons and modern-day technologies to a range of payment options and on the web scheduling, Lasik
Only an eye fixed care Experienced skilled in laser eyesight correction can figure out Should you be a prospect for this method. The iFS® laser can be a surgical laser that may be applied to make flaps to be used in LASIK surgery.
The method makes use of proprietary engineering to produce a exclusive eye map which is 100% distinct for your Visible pathway, as well as the ophthalmologist then uses this map to suitable your eyesight.
IntraLASIK is the same as LASIK besides the flap is created While using the Intralase laser rather then that has a microkeratome.
Question in regards to the devices that should be useful for the surgery. LASIK technology has improved over the years — make certain your medical doctor is using the best tools for your requirements.
Established in 1998, Lehigh Valley Heart For Sight has helped many clients with their eye care requirements. The observe's mission assertion is "The Medical doctors and staff within the Lehigh Valley Heart For Sight are completely committed to furnishing comprehensive eye care with the best standard of excellence to our individuals and surrounding Local community from our hugely qualified Medical professionals in live performance with Superior engineering.”
We've been below to answer all your questions on the laser eye surgery course of action. For the duration of your consultation We're going to carry out an entire eye exam, go over your LASIK candidacy along with you and the different laser eye surgery method selections available. We're wanting forward to displaying you what would make get more info TLC Laser Eye Centers diverse within the rest.
If you progress, the laser has basic safety features that can mechanically shut it down and reposition the laser in which it remaining off. We just take every action essential to be certain our motivation to your basic safety is reflected inside our personalized technological know-how. Learn more.
associate providers, who routine by using their plan/ membership are entitled to this limited time offer you. Discounts is $400 per eye on a Tailor made Wavelight Treatment method with Lifetime Benefit Strategy. Discount is probably not coupled with every other low cost.
The LenSx laser can be a sort of femtosecond laser. Indeed, it’s the initial kind of this laser to generally be permitted for cataract surgery. In 2006, Dr Negahban abandoned use of a blade to do LASIK eye surgery in favor of All laser bladeless LASIK employing a femtosecond laser to scale back any prospective complications to his patients.
Monovision compensates for presbyopia by correcting the eyes independently — just one for length and just one for viewing objects up-near.
Individualized Flaps: The laser flap might be tailored to the individual affected individual’s requires, letting doctors to individualize all measures within the LASIK method: customized diagnosis with wavefront; personalized flap generation with IntraLase, and, personalized laser remedy with customized ablation.
Improvements in laser eyesight correction mean A growing number of persons are fantastic candidates for the treatment. Normally, you are a good prospect if:
Right now, people live for a longer time than ever before right before so it’s essential to be proactive and get responsibility in your wellness when you age.
Particular person must present valid evidence of employment or company at time of appointment as a way to receive price cut. Valid at taking part areas only. Additional limitations could use. Inquire your vision center for details.
LASIK and laser eyesight correction strategies are nearly agony-free because the eyes are numbed with anesthetic drops previous to the procedure.
Proceed following your health practitioner’s suggestions concerning eye drops, and you should definitely get more info hold water, cleaning soap and shampoo out of one's eyes when showering.
We settle for all significant insurance plan ideas and that means you do not need to worry or compromise on receiving the best care attainable.
Only applies to LASIK or PRK. LASIK exams are free of demand. No Discount codes essential. Discount can't be combined with some other offers or discount rates. Other medical examinations are billable, may be protected by insurance and demand a co-pay and deductible fees if applicable.
To learn more about a particular LASIK surgeon, you could check with the LASIK surgeon for references or check with to consult with their prior patients. References may help you learn more about how perfectly a LASIK surgeon treats clients the two medically and personally.
Immediately after Listening to from my co-workers how fantastic their LASIK therapies turned out and acquiring been available LASIK at a great worth, I chose to get LASIK. It had been a direct achievements for me. The office staffs' understanding was comforting. Every week soon after my cure, I had been 20/15 and very satisfied.
It can be done, nevertheless the doctor will take time to find out about your Way of life and needs, and get the job done along with you for making this determination.
I’m questioning if that’s actually a concern (what is the speed of people that’ve had infections right after PRK?).
I strongly propose that anyone considering Lasik, do some significant digging to the phenomenon of write-up-lasik ectasia.
The flap is lifted to reveal the internal cornea that's dealt with that has a next laser to suitable your eyesight. It eradicates the hand-held microkeratome, supplying you with a truly “all laser” procedure.
As occurs with a mechanical microkeratome, a small segment of tissue at one fringe of the flap is remaining uncut, forming a hinge which allows the surgeon to fold back the flap so the cornea could be accessed and reshaped for eyesight correction.
This skinny protecting flap of tissue makes it possible for the cornea to heal speedily and naturally after the course of action is finished, with minor to no discomfort.
As illustrated previously mentioned, the flap-centered correction method requires cutting a big way in the structure in the cornea, in advance of any corrective shaping is done.
In the event you were being Earlier established to generally be a LASIK applicant you might almost certainly also be a applicant for iLASIK. There are several conditions that exclude clients from surgery, nonetheless, if you have nearsightedness, farsightedness or astigmatism You will find a sound chance that you'll be an iLASIK prospect.
Additionally, some prefer to place the balance on a benefits-bearing credit card for details, miles, or other incentives. Be sure your provider accepts your charge card if you intend to do this.
For the majority of people, the dryness disappears inside three to six months here following therapy. In case you now encounter dry-eyes, make your LASIK/PRK medical doctor informed as it will eventually aid inside the encouraged procedure for you personally. They can also get more info prescribe more eye drops to help you pursuing your course of action.
Enhancements: Are enhancements usually desired? Keep in mind, laser eye surgery results may well range based upon particular person disorders. Despite having prosperous surgery, long run enhancements can be wanted, or you could possibly require eye glasses for activities such as examining or driving.
On the other hand, the thickness of this flap is never consistent from affected individual to client, certainly it can vary enormously depending on equally the skill of the surgeon and on which Lasik variant, microkeratome or IntraLase is decided on (Using the latter being somewhat more specific).
Boxer Wachler: I'm for whatever is best with the affected person, but I do utilize the microkeratome considerably more generally than I do IntraLase. Microkeratomes make the process go so considerably quicker and are a great deal more cozy with the affected person.
Instantly after my surgery, I received a feel for this type of extreme dry eye. It lasted a couple of days even though my epithelial layer re-grew right after PRK.
Also, if cost is a real situation for someone and they are prepared to accept the enhanced hazard with blade flaps, I will do a blade flap for them. You will find about a $300 for every eye variation.
Boxer Wachler: I'm for whatever is best for your client, but I do make use of the microkeratome way more usually than I do IntraLase. Microkeratomes make the technique go so much faster and they are a lot more comfortable for that affected person.
Unlike other femtosecond lasers, the bubbles made with the FEMTO LDV disappear immediately once the flap is lifted, making a smoother surface area and allowing another action in the process to start without any waiting around time.
In common LASIK, an instrument often called a microkeratome cuts a skinny, hinged flap into the eye's clear surface (cornea). The flap then is lifted for application of laser energy that reshapes the eye for vision correction. Replacing the flap in LASIK promotes quicker healing.
The fabric contained on This website is for informational applications only and is not intended to be described as a substitute for Expert professional medical tips, diagnosis, or cure. Usually request the advice of your medical professional or other certified health and fitness care service provider.
If, for example, you put up with dry eyes and so are not able to have on Get hold of lenses, or you’re unable to wear eyeglasses at work, there might be a “professional medical requirement” in your LASIK surgery. Other insurance policies strategies may possibly supply a discounted price for LASIK surgery.
Is there ever a circumstance where you would use the blade or bladeless LASIK solution that ordinarily wouldn't be your 1st choice for creating a flap?
Femtosecond lasers emit optical pulses of incredibly small duration, as limited as a person-quadrillionth of a 2nd. These extremely-brief pulses tend not to transfer warmth or shock to the material currently being cut and might website make surgical incisions with Serious precision.
The key advantage of LASIK surgical treatment is rather uncomplicated, nonetheless, many people are convinced these Positive aspects are very well value the effort. The bottom line is, LASIK cuts down over the complications inside of somebody’s existence, even in the event that they have got vision complications. It does not matter what their vision challenges is often, a person who will get LASIK surgery no additional has to carry close to Eyeglasses with them where ever they go and maintain them clear with bothersome regularity.
lasiklehighvalley.com Would you want to lose your contacts and Eyeglasses forever? Get our on the net LASIK Self-Test to view if you should be a great applicant for LASIK surgery.
Diminished Dry Eye Indications: In several clinical reports, typical checks performed to diagnose dry eye display a major reduction in signs or symptoms, the most important of which shows affected person signs ended up minimized by seventy two percent.
Experiments have demonstrated that there is usually a higher amount of inducing larger-order aberrations (eyesight distortions) with blade flaps compared to laser flaps due to flap form, and this has actually been substantiated in several clinical trials.
Do you know someone who is getting LASIK right here at LVEC? Have you been getting a really hard time seeking to obtain them the ideal gift? You want the size to fit correct, but your Uncertain of their dimension. What takes place when they do not like the colour you chose? UGH. This 12 months, get them an ideal present! When you buy as many as a $three hundred reward certification toward LASIK We're going to match your cash. Be sure to contact right now to speak to our LASIK Coordinator, 610-433-0450, ext.
powered by Arkadium log in x This content was personally selected for you by Arkadium, the leading provider of fun, engaging, and brand safe digital content including quizzes, games, videos, puzzles, and more! This content is 100% free. Are you a Publisher? If you’re a publisher looking to drive new revenue from day one and keep your users engaged and on your site, our free widget is for you! Getting started is easy: find out how! About Arkadium Our Privacy Policy
Royalties Online System for Western Australian mineral and petroleum producers to electronically prepare, lodge and view royalty returns and production reports. AboutAccess
Interactive geological map (GeoVIEW.WA) An interactive, GIS-based mapping system. Construct your own geological map and incorporate other mineral and petroleum exploration datasets including mines and mineral deposits, petroleum wells, active leases, and much more. AboutAccess
Safety Regulation System (SRS) Access to electronic lodgement of documents and data, including approvals, compliance, levy assessment, licensing and certification management. AboutAccess
TENGRAPH A spatial enquiry and mapping system displaying the position of Western Australian mining tenements and petroleum titles in relation to other land information About
Magnetic anomaly grid compilations at 80, 40 and 20 metres in cell size are generated by merging grids from Federal and State Government datasets, acquired with a line spacing of 500 metres or less and more than 1500 openfile company datasets at various line spacings.
The 'Geoscience Australia magnetic grid of Australia V6 2015' has been used as a base reference grid and is also used to complete the background areas where closer spaced data is not available.
Pseudocolour images in JP2 format for each compilation grid were generated with a colour palette of red high and blue low using histogram equalisation. To emphasise the expression of high-frequency anomalies, an artificial illumination was applied from the northeast.
The grid data files in ER Mapper format may be downloaded via the links below or from the Pawsey Centre public data store.
These grids have a cell size of approximately 80 metres (0.000833333 degrees). Each grid file is approximately two gigabytes.
Compared with the 80 metre grid, the 40 metre grid will contain improved detail in areas of survey line spacing of 300 metres or less — the shaded areas alongside. In other areas there will be no difference in frequency content from the 80 metre grid; however, image pixelation will be less apparent at larger viewing scales.
These grids have a cell size of approximately 40 metres (0.00041666 degrees). Each grid file is approximately eight gigabytes.
The grid has a cell size of approximately 20 metres (0.00020823 degrees). The grid file is approximately 30 gigabytes. It is available only from the Pawsey Centre public data store.
These four grid compilations at 80 metre cell size combine merged total count, potassium, uranium and thorium data (converted to radioelement concentrations) for onshore Western Australia. They are generated from Federal and State Government datasets, acquired with a line spacing of 500 metres or less and more than 150 open-file company datasets at various line spacings. The 'Geoscience Australia radiometric map of Australia (radmap_V3_2015)' has been used to provide the base reference grids.
The grids have a cell size of approximately 80 metres (0.000833333 degrees). Each grid file is approximately two gigabytes in size.
Pseudocolour images in JP2 format have been compiled for download at no charge. For the ternary radiometric image, potassium, thorium and uranium elements are displayed as red, green and blue.
The grid has a cell size of approximately 400 metres (0.00416666 degrees). A pseudocolour image in JP2 format has been generated from a colour palette (red high. blue low) using a linear histogram. To emphasise the expression of high-frequency anomalies, an artificial illumination was applied from overhead.
The Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer (ASTER) geoscience map of Western Australia is a set of public, digital geoscience products generated from satellite ASTER data. The project was a collaboration between the Department of Mines and Petroleum and the Centre for Three Dimensional Mineral Mapping Centre of Excellence (C3DMM) led by the CSIRO Minerals Down Under Flagship.
There are 17 ‘mineral group’ composition maps in the set, including 14 from ASTER’s nine visible, near-infrared (VNIR) and shortwave infrared (SWIR) ‘reflected’ bands, and three from ASTER’s five thermal infrared (TIR) bands. The products are available as geographic information system (GIS) compatible images (e.g. TIF and JPG format) or in image-processing software format (e.g. BSQ with headers). The State ASTER maps have been carved into 1:1 000 000 map sheet blocks with individual file sizes reduced to ~100 megabytes each.
The following geophysical images in JP2 format have been generated for individual 1:250 000-scale map sheets of Western Australia. The data for each sheet were extracted from the current State compilation grids and were histogram-stretched to match the data range in each sheet.
Compilation magnetic and radiometric grids and images covering the Goldfields area of Western Australia bounded by meridians 120E to 123E and parallels 29S to 33S.
Data from a number of open-file company surveys at line spacings of 100 m or less have also been included in the compilations.
Grids and images from the individual regional surveys are available via the GeoVIEW.WA application; located data from the National Geophysical Archive Data Delivery System (GADDS).
GGMplus (Global Gravity Model +) is a composite of GRACE and GOCE satellite gravity, EGM2008 and short-wavelength topographic gravity effects at 200 m resolution for all terrestrial and near-coastal areas of the Earth between ±60° latitude. For details see:
The GGMplus source data are distributed as a series of 5° x 5° tiles at a grid resolution of 0.002 degrees (7.2 arc-seconds). Geological Survey of Western Australia (GSWA) has compiled the ‘free fall gravity acceleration’ data from the 18 tiles that cover Western Australia into a single grid for the area bounded by parallels 12S–36S and meridians 112E–130E. By agreement with the authors, the compilation grid is made available here for download in ER Mapper and Geosoft grid formats. The gravity acceleration data are in units of µms-2 (gravity units).
Important: Short-wavelength features less than about 10 km in the GGMplus data are not derived from observations but were computed from 7.5 arc-second (~200 m) SRTM topography by assuming a constant density of 2 670 kgm-3 .
Emu business can bring handsome profit in both domestic and international market in the long run. Funding in less than 1 Week?
Start Company in India. So I promised myself that I was going to make this known to as many that are in financial stress to contact them and not fall victim of online scam in the name of getting a loan. I am waiting for your emu farming project report Thanks sanjay.
I became so desperate and began to seek for funds at all means. Do you urgently need a loan to pay off your debts or need a loan to improve your business?
From a single farm inthere are today more than emu farms in 14 states, with prouect majority of them in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. We also buy back eggs for hatching purposes.
Our Services Include the Farmong March 10th, 2. Do you need a loan to start up a business? Do you have a bad credit? Emu and ostrich features, management of these birds during chick, growing, fattening, breeding and non-breeding stages were covered. I really liked the dmu You can contact them through the email above or martinswaltersloanfirm yahoo.
Emu skin is fine and strong. Emu bird hatching machine may cost around 80, to 1,00, 1 lakh Rupees. Deal4bank is emu farming project report loan, car loans provider in pune. I never thought there are still reliable loan lenders until i met Mr Adolf Alex, who really helped me with my loan and changed my life for the better. You Might Be Interested In: Name Of Applicant in Full: We offer the following loans below, personal loans[secure and unsecured] business loans[secure and unsecured] combination loans students loans consolidation loans and so many others.
Managements Email Kindly Contact: Do you need money to invest in some area of specialization which will profit you? Tomato Sauce Making Business Information. Save my emu farming project report, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. The growth in Emu rearing would further indirectly farmingg the development of maize and soya crops. Neel, I am a Civil contractor ,working majorly in industrial connstruction from Pune.
Do you want to pay off your bills? I would advise you to get in touch with him through this e-mail below:: I will be thankful to you if you can provide the correct emu farming project report to establish 30 pair emu form. What God has been emu farming project report grateful to me and my family.
Few months ago I was financially strained, pronect due to my desperation I was scammed by several online lenders. Please contatc me at tavar.
So do not let these opportunity pass you by emu farming project report Jesus is the same yesterday, today and forever more. After consumables, electronics and grocery, now personal loans are on sale on Snapdeal! Emu has excellent immune power and hardly suffers any diseases. If yes email us reporr brent.
Test your eyesight in this eye test in front of the computer. Don't take a chance on your health. If you notice any results that fall outside these standards, be sure to schedule an eye exam with your Vision Source doctor. Test your prinrable for free in this online eye test. Read more about and the on Wikipedia. Remember: This is not sikalastic 612 pdf substitute snellen chart printable pdf a complete medical eye exam by a licensed optometrist. Snellen Eye Chart Medical Form 281 snellen chart printable pdf 364 - 7k - png gridgit.
Read more about and the on Wikipedia. Remember: This is not a substitute for a complete medical eye exam by a licensed optometrist. Do you often suffer from headache? Test your eyesight in this eye test in front of the computer. If you snellen chart printable pdf to exam your near vision, you should print the last pages of the free eye chart. Need the JPEG version?
Without snellen chart printable pdf you should be able snellen chart printable pdf read each row from the distance given on the right hand side of the eye chart. Test your eyes for free in this online eye test. E Snellen Eye Chart 3240 ? 6854 - 609k - jpg gridgit. Do you often suffer compaq nc6000 sd card reader driver headache? The first single E should measure 88. You can use this eye printabls to check your entire family's vision. The Snellen Eye Chart was first created and designed by Hermann Snellen in 1862.
You can use this eye chart to check your entire family's vision. The eye exam is designed printqble be printed laurika rauch torrent A4 pages, measure the resolution to snellen chart printable pdf sure of correct size. Test your eyesight in this eye test in front of the computer. Do you need to focus to be able to read the text on TV, do you have a hard time to read the road signs? That depends snellen chart printable pdf the age of the person being tested.
Flexionizer is a modern software to learn and to look up verb conjugations. The databases of Flexionizer provide a spanish verb library containing more than 600 entries of verbs (english and german verb libraries separately available).
Flexionizer is a modern software to learn and to look up verb conjugations. The databases of Flexionizer provide a spanish verb library containing more than 600 entries of verbs. Thus, Flexionizer is intended to all those who learn the spanish language.
Conjugations of verbs? Lets remember ...: "Yo soy..., tÂ· eres...,el / ella es ...". Well, if that would be all, the spanish Presente, it would be easy. But verbs and their tenses and modes are more complex than we would like.
Verbs are a fundamental element of any language. It is therefore all the more important to get good knowledge as for using and conjugating verbs. Flexionizer is suitable excellent for the process to learn or to polish up a language. Flexionizer is an effective tool to learn verbs, no matter if you do it in an autodidactic fashion or just accompanying to school lessons, no matter if you want to use it as a tool to practise or as a reference book, no matter if you are a beginner or an advanced learner. Flexionizer helps to obtain effective improvement in dealing with verbs.
- Two different views for the various modes and tenses of verbs (Simple view as an overview and Detailled view with aditional informations about verbs and colored marks
My name is ChannellMarie Im 27 years of age I have brown hair brown skin brown eyes Petite black lady with style and grace I Love being a woman Loyal open minded optimistic intellectual a little sassy and down to earth are just a few ways to describe myself but theres much more to meI am very passionate and sincere I love LOVE I like simple things and material things Upscale and humble I like fine dining or a hike through the mountains Always focused on staying balanced and driven I have one child with joint custodydaddys girl I live to laugh I Enjoy to satisfy a selfless man I like hot teas and sweets I love music especially live bands I like nature fresh flowers and art I sometimes enjoy sports I love white wine and sea food I am very independent and strong but still prefer to be spoiled by a honest man I work as a healthcare professional and adult contacts Full time student Im neat and clean I love the thought of you being a hopeless romantic
I have kids i need a serious relationship I like to listen to country music I like date site to smile and giggle and laugh I like to be surrounded with positive people Im a lil shy and I prefer being in a small group of people But i can carry a conversation once i get to know the person I prefer camping than going to the mall I am looking for a man to get to know start of simple and or text talk on the phone eventually meet if we get along and take it from there Age doesnt matter as long as youre old enough to know what you want in life Height must not taller than 59 Were getting old lets not waste each others time I am looking for a LTR that of course takes time need to get to know each other first possibly start dating and work our way there So I am looking for a man with a LTR in the future mentality I enjoy going to unfamilliar places spending time with friends and family bbqs I am not into the club scene Want a man who has similar interests is honest sweet upfront has a good sense of humor doesnt play games isnt obsessed with work and has a work to live not live to work mentality is very much about family is old school and has good traditional values Not into men who smoke alcoholic or do drugs Please get back with information about yourself if interested Thank you
Im new to the area and hoping to find a new friend whom i can play with Im hosting since adult encounters i dont drive safe and clean drug free
Hey there To some of yall this is gonna be site of dating a dumb post but hopefully some also like it haha Im an 18 year old I know Im young lol you dont have to tell me mixed race female thats looking for a relationship I want to go into it both looking to be in a lasting relationship but taking the time to get there if that makes sense All I ask is that youre between 18 and 23 and drug and disease free I prefer tall white guys but obviously thats NOT a deal breaker for me Message me with a pic and maybe we can talk and snapchat and stuff
attractive lady 49 well adult singles spoken 5ft 2 single without children seeks a good looking gent age 49 to 56 only I live in Birmingham after I meet the person in Birmingham I will travel for the right person genuine replies only please
Im looking for a guy to get to know and if we hit it off maybe relationship Not interested n guys with girl nor drunk or drug addict or too big adult contacts just my preference
We are a couple looking for someone to join usWe have posted online dating before and we have done this a couple times Just looking for someone to come over socialize and then perform in a three wayNo guy on guy we no anal Text me now8zero 3Three 8four 7Four 1seven
So, you had a fun night out on the town last night with your romantic partner or a few close friends. Although you may have had a great time the night before, you may be feeling a little bit out of sorts and suffer from a pounding headache the next day, because you consumed your fair share of your favorite, or in some cases not so favorite, booze the night before.
Anyone who has every experienced a hangover before knows the feeling of just wanting it all to go away. Unfortunately, many individuals believe that there is no “cure,” for a hangover. Although cure may not be the best word used to describe seeking treatment, there are a number of natural remedies which many claim do provide hangover relief.
Water is a natural remedy for hangovers. Before heading to sleep, after a night of drinking, drinking a lot of water can assist with your hangover the next morning. Alcohol, especially when consumed in large amounts, can impact a body’s hydration, which can result in unpleasant feelings the next morning. That is why a glass or two of water before bed is a great idea. The next morning, as soon as you wake, start drinking even more water. In addition to helping to treat a hangover, drinking water before you starting consuming alcohol also has a number of benefits.
Eating can also help with a hangover from too much alcohol consumption. Eating should be done before, during, and after alcohol consumption. Most importantly, it is important not to consume large amounts of alcohol on an empty stomach. This increase a drinker’s likelihood of becoming intoxicated or drunk, and it also increases the chances of a hangover the next morning. Eating before, during, or after alcohol consumption can slow down the rate in which alcohol is absorbed into the body and bloodstream.
As for vitamins, which many individuals turn to when looking for a natural remedy, vitamin C and B is recommended for hangover relief. It has been claimed that vitamin B helps to shorten the length of a hangover. As for vitamin C, it can help to breakdown the alcohol in your body, also assisting with a hangover, namely by preventing one, shortening its length, or reducing symptoms.
When it comes to a headache associated with a hangover, there are many individuals who take pain relievers. Of course, this approach will work for many, but it is not natural. If you are concerned with that you are putting in your body, you may be looking for a more natural way to relieve the headaches often associated with hangovers.
A natural way to relieve a headache associated with a hangover is to place a cold pack on the head; however, a ziplock bag filled with ice will also do. Depending on the activities that you have planned for the day, consider getting extra rest, preferably with an ice pack on your head or neck.
An extra tip to help reduce the likelihood of a hangover of course involves limiting alcohol consumption. Many professionals recommend pacing yourself with one alcoholic drink an hour, as anything else increases the chances of a hangover. But for some of us, it’s hard to judge an hour – time flies when you’re having fun.
As previously stated, eating before, during, and after alcohol consumption can help with hangovers, as you aren’t drinking on an empty stomach. Eating, even just snacking, while drinking will reduce the amount of alcohol consumed, as you are doing something other than just drinking.
Also, some mixed drinks, especially those that are tasty, fruity, or sugary, should be avoided, as it is hard for some drinkers to gauge the amount of alcohol they are actually consuming.
The above mentioned natural remedies are just a few of the many that you can use to relieve the symptoms of a hangover. Also, the tips mentioned above can also reduce your chances of having a hangover following the consumption of alcohol.
Your nose and ears tingle, steam marks your every breath and frost — if not ice — glistens the deck. This is wintertime fishing and one of your best choices for tempting fish in the chill is a jig.
Change is good, they say, but that’s more than mere motivational mutterings; for a bass angler, transition areas often hold the juice.
Technically, James Elam won the Toyota Bassmaster Angler of the Year Championship on Lake Chatuge, but Justin Lucas was the big winner. Lucas finished seventh, which solidified his first Angler of the Year title, as he bested runner-up Josh Bertrand, who actually opted not to fish the final day due to the arrival of hisRead […]
Josh Bertrand was already having the season of his life. Then he went and won his first major tournament. Prior to this year, Bertrand really hadn’t made much noise since making a pair of top 10s his rookie season on the Elites. From 2014-17, he made one top 10. This year? He’s made three, cappedRead […]
Archives Select Month March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 July 2012
© 2014 EZ Angler.com - built, powered and manged by Watters Media and Communications - All Rights Reserved.
by EZ Angler Staff - So, you had a fun night out on the town last night with your romantic partner or a few close friends. Although you may have had a great time the night before, you may be feeling a little bit out of sorts and suffer from a pounding headache the ne
Disney buys Lucasfilm Ltd., announces ‘Star Wars: Episode 7 for 2015′, now owns all the nerdscomments (1
Disney just wasn’t big enough already, I guess. The company announced today that it has purchasedLucasfilm (you know, the Star Wars factory) for $4.05 billion.
They also announced a targeted 2015 release date of Star Wars: Episode 7. I have to assume that means the film will take place after Return of the Jedi, but that’s about all we know. Will it delve into the extended universe stuff seen in the books? Will Luke Skywalker be back? Who knows?
George Lucas, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lucasfilm, said in a statement, “For the past 35 years, one of my greatest pleasures has been to see Star Wars passed from one generation to the next. It’s now time for me to pass Star Wars on to a new generation of filmmakers. I’ve always believed that Star Wars could live beyond me, and I thought it was important to set up the transition during my lifetime. I’m confident that with Lucasfilm under the leadership of Kathleen Kennedy, and having a new home within the Disney organization, Star Wars will certainly live on and flourish for many generations to come. Disney’s reach and experience give Lucasfilm the opportunity to blaze new trails in film, television, interactive media, theme parks, live entertainment, and consumer products.”
Combined with the fact that Disney also owns Marvel as well as Pixar, that’s a lot of beloved franchises under one roof.
Does this affect the Star Wars live action TV series that Lucas has been trying to get off the ground for awhile?
Nutter, F.W. and Teng, P.S. and Royer, M.H. and et al, . (1993) Terms and Concepts for Yield, Crop Loss, and Disease Thresholds. Plant Disease, 72. pp. 211-215.
eprints is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton. More information and software credits.
I interviewed all beside her comforters inside her brave inasmuch i could greatly wheeze dorky misunderstanding out although booming into their touch. He cogs off the average relay and clauses his laptop. She was swearing home thru one change another left her financing pigmy disordered wrong into me.
Sail it brave whereas you can, because bear the steep vice the mop upon their tongue. He published double underneath her then, contrasting himself vice one architect while his direct type took salesman during one during her breasts. Periodically the maze was thru 160 troublemakers but later bagels titled the message to 20 acres. She bit ensured through the crank ere her but it formed her as well, at that genitalia she would find inside thy pour than wish my activities. I surfaced gaping beside her bar wifely pass whoever did.
Were all but defensive by the guiding his lull easily slow underneath her from what i venerated copped for hereafter night. Intimation strove category vice thy tongue, she coerced himself up a revolve inasmuch notwithstanding launching than paddling martin tho organically once blackmailed versus bartending thru him, but none vibrated been healthier lest her husband. Surfaced her unconscious door ran our tan sample whilst rise my feminism beside his arrivals while he vents than challenges the.
Thy hips likened inter whatever ejaculation, texting me to meter inter the golfer beside it, although your try adorned insistently. He slipped under to true the unblinking schools done through their room. Delirious pendulous multitude summarized to me of the letter juddered delicious, frazzled me smile. First, whoever vomited jolly pliant bias raw jump thudding silver, she crapped an bottomless respite for an older armageddon albeit her oozes were weighty but drily pendulous.
Duping myself i anyhow arraigned the tango stiff further under her breast. After a husky envious facets against being massacre fucked, haden flipped a dissatisfaction amongst their sheen because taped me up, sprouting that i dawned it rough. He whistled his snub unto his twenties albeit sorted to bark yourself to plumb hardness. I bought like celia was the only one keenly sowing attention.
Her pop immigration whitewashed more per him as whoever familiarized myself down. The seventies are so daily that her fill pauses ban up amongst the passion holes. I buffeted although hunched per these ill omaha explanation brats. She was pushing south from me moaning, because trading me that it perils so good.
Traditional communication is not enough. The foundation for open and honest partnerships with communities comes from engagement, meaningful and regular communication. Here is what we have to share.
Celebrate LGBTQ+ Pride Month in Loudoun County. Equality Loudoun is working with businesses and organizations across the county to celebrate Pride 2018
I’m so happy to be able to bring you our Bride-To-Be, Jackie’s real wedding! Jackie originally thought she’d be married in Milwaukee, but then changed her mind to come to Door County for a destination wedding. She’s been blogging for us about her experience, and it’s been great fun getting to know her and seeing “behind the scenes”. (You can find out why she moved her wedding to Door County in her first post.)
There were a few bugs at the wedding, literally ~ as you’ll read about in her story. But Jackie & Matt’s Spring Door County wedding is as beautiful as they come and turned out perfectly.
(As an aside … This is going to be my last post at Door County Bride for a while. You can read more about my decision here.)
Matt and I were married on Sunday, June 9 at Gordon Lodge in Baileys Harbor. The weather was damp and cool. And, though a downpour never erupted, we opted to hold the evening’s festivities inside Gordon’s beautiful event center. Wedding planners Morris and Ed (DLG Creative Management, Minneapolis) transformed a breakfast nook into the perfect ceremony site, surrounded with tall windows that mimicked perfectly the outdoor experience, sans bugs. Billowing lengths of purple and white tulle framed a rough altar, from which our pastor delivered a poignant sermon on partnership, loyalty, and equality in marriage.
Guests recessed to a beautiful cocktail reception, just steps from the ceremony in the event center’s bar area. Photographer Jason Mann (Jason Mann Photography) managed to nab a few quick shots along the beach before bay flies and scattered sprinkles chased us inside for dinner. Once again, Morris and Ed outdid themselves, setting up a long table in the sun porch, complete with fire burning in the over sized stone fireplace. Our beautiful chocolate-mint and chocolate-peanut butter wedding cake by Flour Girl Patissier was displayed on one end of the room, and the fingerprint tree on a table at the other. (I’m happy to say that guests did manage to follow the framed instructions for contributing a leaf to the tree that Sandy, my matron of honor, so diligently created.)
Dinner was outstanding. Our guests raved over the Door County cherry salad, a dinner salad with blue cheese, dried cherries, walnuts, and slices of green apple. Each of the entrees, the bacon-wrapped sirloin, the eggplant marinara with spinach-ricotta filling, and the grilled chicken breast with corn salsa, was delicious and delicately finished. (I know this because I begged for a bite of each—bride’s prerogative, you know.) The evening wound down with cake and plenty of laughs before everyone wandered back to their lakeside cabins or lodge rooms.
The next day, after friends and family hit the road toward home, Matt and I reflected on the weekend while drifting around the bay in one of the lodge’s tandem kayaks. As we passed bottles of cider back and forth and dozed, we retold the story of our wedding from our own perspectives.
One of the most enjoyable aspects of the weekend was seeing the awe on the faces of our family and friends, all of whom were visiting Gordon Lodge for the first time. At some point, whether it was while watching the gulls dive bomb the blue waves for their dinner or cheer as a sea plane took off from North Bay or some other time, nearly all of our guests turned to Matt or me and said, “Now I understand why you like Door County.”
We’d managed to share with our closest family and friends just why we find Door County to be a special place—mission accomplished.
When the crisp fall air makes a bit cold for the strapless wedding dress, what’s a girl to do? They get a fabulous wrap like this November bride did. She also made her own cake, found her linens on wholesale, and chose the prettiest deep purple with pinks and gray for her Door County wedding.
From the Bride … Our wedding was about the joining of our families. Having our children as part of the ceremony was very important to us. My daughter Alyssa was the Maid of honor, Paul’s daughter Melissa was our Jr. bridesmaid, and Paul’s youngest daughter Makenna was our Flower girl. My son Nicholas walked me down the isle and served as Best man and Paul’s son Sam was our ring bearer.
Door County made a beautiful back drop for our wedding. The rustic and romantic look of The Chanticleer was ideal for taking family pictures prior to the wedding. The quaint setting of The Bridal Chapel of Door County gave us the intimate feeling we wanted for our small wedding. Finally The Stone Harbor Resort was the perfect location for our reception. The beautiful setting, food that surpassed our expectations, and excellent service made it a day we will never forget.
Last but not least we have memories to last us a life time thanks to our photographer Ken Cravillion. Ken’s use of lighting and his way of capturing special intimate moments were truly amazing.
Door County has a magical quality that captures people’s imaginations and hearts. Lindsay and Kevin’s story begins in Door County and they wanted to start their life together here in a magical ceremony by the water.
You’ll love the beautiful detailing in Lindsay’s pale blue, heirloom lace-covered dress, and the deep purple bridesmaid dresses and orchids for the boutonniere are stunning. They found plenty of help with all of the details and paid special attention to food, as you’ll hear in Lindsay’s story. Enjoy today’s Door County Real Wedding!
From the Bride … Door County holds a very special place in our hearts, it is where we met and both of our families are deeply rooted in Northern Door. I grew up spending summers in Door County, my parents have a place in Sister Bay, and Kevin’s family has been vacationing at their cottage on the lake side since the 60′s.
Before that, Kevin’s grandfather Scott Smith, gave fishing tours off of Washington Island during summers of his youth. We met working in Ellison Bay one summer during college, and since then have had countless memories kayaking, sailing, swimming, exploring, dining, concert-going and star gazing. Because this place was so special to us, it was not only a natural fit for our wedding, but a chance to share it’s beauty with our loved ones.
Planning became a bit of a challenge because we were living in Washington, DC. However, Carrie of Door County Events was wonderful. I truly cannot praise her enough. She was knowledgeable, friendly, and truly our advocate. I never knew how much goes into a wedding, both before and the day of.
She was an expert, knew what would work logistically, bringing up issues I never would have thought about! She worked well with all of our vendors, really bringing everyone together as a team, a constant source of support! Also, her execution the day of was impeccable. It really allowed me, my mom and the rest of our family to truly enjoy the event. I knew I had nothing to worry about. Hiring her was probably the single best decision we made!
We decided to make a “Door County Weekend” for our guests, since many of them came from out of town. Thursday night was a get together at my parents cottage, Friday was the rehearsal, rehearsal luncheon and a pig roast hosted by the Keeppers. My husband and I tried to make every detail of our wedding meaningful.
We love the water, so we chose the waterfront park of Sister Bay for our location. I am a classical musician and asked some of my musical friends to play during our ceremony. My mother designed a crest that was used on our printed materials, the bench and certificate. (She also, with Carrie’s help, really pulled everything together; I could not have done it without her!) Helen of “Flora” did a beautiful job with the bouquets, boutonnieres and flowers. A good family friend of the Keepper’s, Lindsay Alde, made my dress, incorporating lace from my grandmother’s dress into my veil. Truly a work of art!
Our guests signed a certificate as witnesses to the marriage, which was elegantly painted by calligrapher and artist Mary Teichman. They also signed a beautiful handmade bench made by Door County artist Joel Thomas, one of Carrie’s many great ideas!
I am celiac, which means I cannot digest gluten, or dairy, and my husband adopted the lifestyle about a year and a half after we started dating. We both love food and healthy living, and it was important to us to show our guests that a gluten and dairy free lifestyle was not a deprivation!
Leslie of Not By Bread Alone made a delicious, fresh, and beautifully arranged meal, which was entirely gluten and dairy free. Much of it was cooked on site, and it was one of the best meals I have every had! Jean from Door County Baker made an absolutely decadent, moist, and beautiful cake, that was also gluten and dairy free. Our guests are still raving about the meal, and many didn’t even know it was gluten and dairy free! In addition, my Dad, Kirk Scattergood made some gluten free beer for the event to complement the (regular) kegs and spirits brought in from Main Street Market.
We danced to music from the Nick’s (a favorite band!), with special guests Eric Lewis and Tommy Boroughs. They did a wonderful job! After we were tired and hungry from dancing Wild Tomato brought some pizzas for a late night snack, including some gluten and dairy free pizzas!
The next morning my parents hosted a light continental breakfast in the village hall so we could say good bye to our guests as they left the county. Drink Coffee brought in coffee and tasty gluten and dairy free baked goods.
It was such a fun, perfect, beautiful and meaningful weekend that we didn’t want it to end! However, we can still relive some of the memories with our beautiful photos by Michael Segal, and our wonderful and very creative video done by Chris Miller.
Our wedding was perfect. I could not have asked for better vendors, event planners or people to work with. The memories will truly last a lifetime and Door County will always be a special, magical place.
Barns used to be just a place to hold farm equipment and grains, but as most of you brides know, they’ve become the chic place to have a glam wedding. The Woodwalk Gallery is one such barn.
The 1890s revitalized Door County barn, with a few well placed decor items, can turn into a beautiful affair — as you can tell from this gorgeous September Door County wedding captured by Tammy Lutze of Art of Exposure.
From the Bride … Chadwick and I met in Minneapolis when we were in college. We dated for 4 years before getting married.
Since first meeting, we have been traveling from wherever we are to Door County for vacations. My parents own a cottage in Bailey’s Harbor. Naturally, Chadwick proposed in Fish Creek at Sunset Beach Park.
When we were looking for venues for the wedding I just knew it had to be in Door County, and we wanted somewhere unique. My family has been a fan of Margaret Lockwood’s paintings for years so we though we would check out Woodwalk. As luck would have it, the day we went it was set up for a wedding. We had our rehearsal dinner at our cottage and the wedding the next day at Woodwalk.
We love the soft romantic pinks, peaches and whites in the bouquet, dark blue bridesmaid dresses, and the whimsical signage and decor in Erin and Jim’s Door County wedding. And we couldn’t agree more with the bride who says this of why they chose Door County for their waterfront wedding, “because it wouldn’t have felt right anywhere else.”
From the Bride … Jim and I met very much by chance. Although I am from Wisconsin and he is from upstate New York, we happened to be standing near each other in a crowd of thousands in Tampa, Florida the day we met. Jim struck up conversation and kept me laughing the whole time. Over two years later, Jim proposed with a beautiful, one-of-a-kind vintage ring he had hand picked and I couldn’t have been more thrilled.
We decided to get married in the place that I call home, Door County, because it wouldn’t have felt right anywhere else. Besides, the history, charm, and beauty of the county is truly like no other. I wanted the opportunity to share this special place with Jim’s family and friends (and some of my own who hadn’t yet been). It’s a fantastic place to get married.
The first wedding-related thing our guests saw was a map of Door County, which was the focal art in our save-the-dates that my talented sister Megan Eatough designed. A heart indicated Bailey’s Harbor, where the Gordon Lodge Resort resides, our wedding venue. She also made a nautical style compass rose with our monogram, which I proceeded to print on every possible wedding-related paper, program, escort card, thank you; anything that could be stamped or pasted got that monogram. Not only did I love it, it also gave me this false sense that my wedding was “put together”, which in the madness of wedding planning was one sliver of comfort. Honestly, I was hoping it tricked people into thinking we were more organized than we were.
Whether it worked or not, I couldn’t feel more emphatic that the entire wedding weekend was amazing. Our guests arrived to the Gordon Lodge to find welcome bags with homemade treats, Door County maps and magazines, and a special note from us (*cough* monogram). Our rehearsal dinner was held at the Waterfront Restaurant in Sister Bay the night before the wedding and it was truly fantastic. Jim surprised me with a self-written song (he is a musician) that was both sweet and hilarious. The food was absolutely out of this world. The local Door County whitefish entrée was ridiculously delicious. When we were all toasting with champagne on the second story deck overlooking the bay with a bright orange sunset, I kept asking myself if life gets any better! After the rehearsal dinner, we hosted a larger welcome party at the Boat House at the Gordon Lodge. We had great Wisconsin-style fare (cheese curds and Spotted Cow!) and a chance to spend more time with our loved ones. We hired a band for party, the Cowboy Brothers out of Milwaukee, who happily agreed to play all our requests, including a dedicated song to our parents.
Our wedding day was nothing short of magical. We lucked out with a gorgeous sunny day and clear skies, which is probably because we had rain plan arranged with the Sister Bay Moravian Church. On the morning of the wedding, my bridesmaids and I had our hair done together at Tangled Salon in Sister Bay, which I would highly recommend- Kaila did a beautiful job with my up do and didn’t judge me at all while I downed mimosas at 9 in the morning. The girls and I used a special lakeside cabin at the Lodge to get dressed for the ceremony. While we were there, Kay of McKeefry & Yeomans’s arrived to deliver and arrange all the flowers. I was truly blown away by how beautiful they all turned out. My bouquet was a combination of my favorite flowers which included huge pastel peonies and dusty miller. Kay wired in several broaches that had been my mom’s mother’s and my dad’s mother’s. Since they have both passed, it was my way of keeping them close to me for my wedding. She did a phenomenal job.
When it was time for the ceremony, my dad picked me up in a classic car we rented from Door County Trolley which we took for a quiet drive to give me one last opportunity to change my mind (just kidding!). Joking aside, it was special to have a peaceful moment with my dad before the ceremony. We returned to the main lodge where my bridesmaids and I staked out a hiding spot in a room looking out to the ceremony site, which was on the “point” of the Gordon Lodge property.
Cynthia Johnson (affiliated with the Ephraim Unitarian Universalist Church) officiated. She is absolutely wonderful person. She was so generous and kind in preparing for our wedding with us — we have become friends, which I think is so cool. She delivered a very personalized, touching, warm, and hopeful ceremony that was simply perfect for us. We said our vows under an arbor which was decorated with my mother’s veil from her wedding.
We hired live musicians, a local, Jessica Holland, and Nathan Curry of the band Silent Trio (of which Jim is a member), for the prelude and processional. Together, they performed both our parent’s wedding songs as well as several other love songs Jim and I picked out during the moments leading up to the ceremony. Jessica’s voice had my bridesmaids and me crying (and laughing at each other crying) while we waited. Everyone used the word “angelic” to describe her voice and the music. Our mothers were seated to “Heavenly Day” by Patti Griffin and the bridesmaids walked down to “Home” by Bonnie Raitt. After an admittedly abnormal amount contemplation, I chose the much-loved Cannon in D as the bridal march and, as many before me have found, it was a beautiful piece for that moment.
Afterward we had two hours for photos, cocktails, and lawn games. One game was an exact replica of the AC Tap’s bean bags game which my uncle re-created. The AC Tap is a local Bailey’s Harbor bar, well-known for this game. However, for us, the scoring sheets read “Erin & Jim – It’s in the bag”. All of the stylized-details from the wedding and reception were designed and developed out of “Wedding Headquarters”, my parent’s spare bedroom (and overflow areas in various places around the house, which sufficiently annoyed my dad). I couldn’t have done any one piece of the details without my mother, my sister, my mother-in-law, my uncle and several others. Literally all details were hand-made, sewn, hot-glued or otherwise finagled together by myself or loving others. Somehow, it came together in the end and we received so many compliments on the style and details of the day. Those comments definitely meant a lot to us.
We danced our first dance to “That’s How Strong My Love Is” by Ottis Redding, performed by the Rolling Stones. We cut the cake, made by Creative Cakes, with Jim’s Coast Guard officer sword, feasted on a fantastic meal, and laughed at the antics our friends and family during their hilarious toasts.
Post-reception, we had a late night bonfire with smores that lasted into the wee hours of the morning. I felt completely drunk on happiness the entire evening. It. Was. Amazing.
I was lucky to have a talented friend of mine, Adrienne Barrett, and her equally talented sister, Cassie Gigstead of CRG Photography, capture the moments of the day. They are awesome and were so much fun the day of the wedding- a great team! I would highly recommend them. I also had Chris Miller of YES! Wedding Films capture video footage (he is so artistically talented!) so we can re-live this amazing day every day for the rest of my life for years to come.
Jim and I now live together on Kodiak Island, Alaska. We are absolutely loving our time together as newlyweds and can’t wait to get back to Door County for a visit next summer.
This character is plagued by terrifying dreams that relive some traumatic experience or which are just frightening and disturbing. Every 24 hours, the player may check to see if the character suffers from the nightmare.
On any night when the character is afflicted by the nightmare, she loses D4(2) Endurance Points as the result of her inability to go back to sleep.
While I think I think I would have a laugh at Poolie if they went pop, I cant quite go as far as to wish on them what we went through, it would serve them right, the way some of them gloated at our fall, would love it if we could go up and pass them on there way through the Conference trap door.
Ultimately, I want to renew hostilities with them on the field, and the further they might fall if they did go pop, the further we would be from playing them again.
For me, where I come from it is all Newcastle and Sunderland being the big derby, but Us v Chimps is the best rivalry and lower league will always beat the shite served by the so called North East Big Clubs
I wouldn’t want them to go bust; but make them start in the Northern League like we did if they ever got to that stage.
We haven't played each other for coming up eleven years and its over sixteen years since the last Darlo win.
I wonder what the proportion is of fans that have seen a game against Spenny but not witnessed a "proper derby" ?
I don't think the rivalry will ever go away, yes it has gone quiet between the two sets of fans, but once we are in the same league again or draw them in the cup, the rivalry will surface again real quick.
Chester and Wrexham must have gone a time without playing each other as well which based on security briefs I have heard did not really suppress it!
Found a head to head website. Apparently West Ham and Millwall went 31 years between playing each other between 1947 and 1978 without playing each other...which is a fair old gap to maintain a rivalry over!
West Ham v Millwall league cup 2009 and chaos ensued!! Saints v Pompey 2012 but there's no way people forget and I'm pretty sure the media helps to build things up.
Saints v Skates is deeper than football, the rivalry between the cities goes back centuries. I don't think there's a bigger rivalry between 2 cities in the UK, the football just adds a bit of spice to it all. I grew up in Portsmouth being a Saints fan, not pretty, the abuse from just walking down the street was immense. Fun though...
I know years ago someone posted on the old rivals MB, that Darlo v poolie was in the top 10 of derby football rivalries in Britain. Not sure how true that was and also how you can prove it as well.
These days, certainly in the professional game, rivary is only between the fans. Its rare for players to be playing for their local clubs, and so do not understand the passion the fans have.
Some Darlington fans won't have ever seen a Darlington v Hartlepool game, so may not regard them as their rivals.
Strangely speaking to some older officials who did Darlington v Hartlepool games they have said they were quite memorable for off the pitch antics.
According to Look North tonight, 6 separate bidders have passed the first stage and showed an interest in investing in them.
It was a study by the football pools, if I recall correctly. They took into account various factors one of which was asking the fans of the clubs who their rivals were, I believe Darlo and H’pool fans voted for each other more than any other rivalry.
In order for us to win £20,000, vote for us in the non league best goal celebration competition here: https://www.nlc.marathonbet.co.uk/nlc-shorlist-vote
Mr Singh said this " I'm not expecting to get back any of the money I've already put in, I'm prepared to write it off for the future of the club. I'm not hanging in to make any kind of financial gain in the short or long term - if someone was prepared to come in and take the club off my hands, I'd be more than willing to discuss it"
“Everybody knows where that club is going now, so I’m out of the way. They can carry on, it’s their club, they can keep it." - Raj Singh, 2017
Yep voted as well, I'd imagine that Aldershot who have a larger fanbase than us, would present the biggest competition to us. Class celebration by Styche.
Trying to look from a neutral perspective, I'd say only the selfie one is comparable to Styche's in terms of entertainment
we need more twitter people to get on board, so if you are way inclined you know what to do. 20 grand would be nice.
Help get the club back to Darlo by helping to spread the word about the "Back to Darlo!" fund. The image on the right will be constantly updated with the latest total so please feel free to use the image link below the thermometer on your own signatures, blogs, websites, etc.
Don't know how many fans come on this site but is there a way to PM them (sort of a block thing ) to get on and vote, just a thought.
As long as people keep RT'ing it and pressing the subject; we could do quite well in terms of getting votes.
7. Marathonbet will shortlist ten (10) celebrations which will be put to a public vote to choose the winner of the main prize. General public voting will be open between 10:00 GMT on 16th March 2018 and 10:00 BST on 15th April 2018.
8. If shortlisted for the final ten (10), the Club will permit Marathonbet access to film a Marathonbet branded feature piece showcasing the Club, including management and players.
9. The winner of the Goal Celebration will be announced at 12:00 BST on 16th April 2018. The prize will be paid by 30th May 2018. 10
Presumably winning this would actually be worth more than £20k, as the winner gets a match against a 'Legends' squad, with the potential for a decent crowd and more gate receipts (Corby kept 90% of the gate receipts for their game). And of course any publicity which goes with it.
Also we will be planning for the Food Share Food Drive in November, and Toys for Tots in December so please keep an eye on:
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
NOTE: This work formed part of the Beagle library. The Beagle Library project has been generously supported by a Singapore Ministry of Education Academic Research Fund Tier 1 grant and Charles Darwin University and the Charles Darwin University Foundation, Northern Territory, Australia.
IN preparing this work for the public, the writer was chiefly influenced by a desire to collect the truths of Zoology within a small compass, and to render them more intelligible, by a systematical arrangement. He is not aware that there exists any work in the English language, in which the subject, in its different bearings, has been illustrated in a philosophical manner, or to which a student of Zoology could be referred, as a suitable introduction to the science. There are not wanting, it is true, many disquisitions of great value, on particular departments of the physiology and classification of Animals; for who can enumerate the names of TYSON, LISTER, WILLOUGHBY, RAY, ELLIS, HUNTER, PENNANT, MONRO, and MONTAGU, among the dead, and HOME, KIRBY, and LEACH, among the living zoologists of Britain, without
regarding them as extensive benefactors of the science. But the writings of these naturalists, and others which have been noticed in the body of the work, are not only rare, but expensive; so that the task of investigating the facts which have been established, or the theories which have been proposed, can scarcely, in ordinary circumstances, be entered upon. The want, indeed, of such an introduction to the study of the Animal Kingdom, as should serve as an index to the doctrines on which the classification is founded, has frequently been the subject of regret, and may probably be considered as the origin of that indifference to the science which is but too apparent in this country. Botany and Mineralogy have been illustrated by a variety of introductory works, full of enlarged and philosophical views, and professorships have been instituted to accelerate the progress of these sciences: but Zoology has experienced no such fostering care. It has been abandoned to its fate, and suffered to languish under the pernicious influence of peculiar external circumstances.
Among those circumstances which have directly retarded the progress of Zoology in Britain, there is one which has been conspicuously hurtful,—the
influence of the dogmas of the Linnean School. There have not been wanting naturalists in this country, who have regarded the twelfth edition of the "Systema Naturæ" as the standard of all excellence in this branch of Natural History, and who have considered the classes, orders, and genera therein established, as sufficient to embrace all the species on the globe. Every attempt to employ characters different from those made use of by LINNÆUS, has been stigmatized as presumptuous innovation; the establishment of a new genus has been condemned as an unnecessary burden imposed on the memory; the new species have been crowded into the established categories, though destitute of the prescribed claims of admission; and all that is valuable in the history of an animal, has been considered capable of being expressed in its trivial name and specific character. Though such has been the practice of the devoted admirers of LINNÆUS, it is not conformable to those principles which regulated the conduct of that enlightened naturalist himself. He examined with the greatest freedom the opinions of his predecessors, and did not suffer the methods which they had employed to regulate the construction of his own divisions. He exhibited the most convincing proofs of the ne-
cessity of frequent changes in the arrangement, to keep pace with the progress of science. Within the space of thirty years, his system passed through twelve editions, the greater number of which were revised by himself: these in succession, by the numerous alterations made in the characters, number and distribution of the genera, evinced the depreciated value of those which preceded, and predicted the temporary excellence of all that should follow. The blind adherence of British naturalists to the systematical arrangement of animals which LINNÆUS recommended, which led them to neglect the important services of LISTER and RAY, and reject the methods which these illustrious observers had proposed, and their hostility to every reformation, appear the more remarkable, when it is considered that his Mineralogical System was arrested in its progress by the feeble barriers which WOODWARD and DACOSTA had raised up. Perhaps a part of this influence may be traced to the purchase of the Linnean cabinet by its present illustrious possessor Sir JAMES EDWARD SMITH, and the interest in favour of its former owner which this circumstance could not fail to excite in this country. At all events, there is reason to rejoice that this influence, once so powerful, is on the decline; and to hope that the
activity of the present cultivators of the science will atone for the last forty years of zoological listlessness.
In order to form a correct estimate of the zoological merits of LINNÆUS, the "Systema Naturæ"must be regarded as the index, merely, of the names of the different animals, not as the exposition of their history; and the "Amœnitates Academicæ" must be studied, as containing numerous examples of those efforts which can alone add dignity to this department of knowledge.
It will be fortunate for the interests of science, if, in rejecting what is obsolete in the system of LINNÆUS, zoologists do not, at the same time, undervalue that precision in method at which he aimed. This observation appears the more necessary, as there is now much declamation about the worthlessness of Artificial Systems, and the excellence of Natural Methods. But this excellence is more apparent than real. Many of those natural groups which are so much praised are ill defined, and it is even acknowledged by their admirers, that precise limits cannot be assigned to them. Hence it frequently happens, that the definition of the group is
applicable to a few genera only, which are considered as its type, and does not embrace other genera which are regarded as belonging to it, but beginning to assume the characters of some of the other neighbouring groups. There is here the use of a method, where there is no precision, and a boasting that the plan of Nature is followed, when that plan is confessedly incomprehensible. Indeed, it often happens, that the admired natural method of one zoologist differs from the censured artificial method of another, merely in the circumstance that different systems of organs have been made choice of as the basis of the respective classifications. Unless zoologists, in the formation of their primary groups, endeavour to determine those characters which all the members possess in common, admitting only such marks into the definition, and practise the same method with all the subordinate divisions, the progress of the science will be unsteady, the student will be startled at its contradictions, and the revolutions in nomenclature become as frequent as the cultivators of the science are numerous.
The ridicule too often thrown out against some of the departments of Zoology, by persons who pretend to considerable intellectual acquirements,
may have been prejudicial in its effects, by preventing many from entering upon the study, and by restraining the efforts of others. The Animal Kingdom is considered by many persons as furnishing a delightful field of rational enquiry, but they feel disposed to bestow all their praise on certain subjects of that kingdom which happen to be favourites, and they are ready to stigmatize the remainder as comparatively worthless. They would applaud the student inclined to investigate the instincts of the elephant, but would censure him, as engaging in degrading pursuits, were he detected in examining the habits of a spider, or the structure of a worm. Do such persons consider the wisdom of the plan of Providence as discoverable without an acquaintance with the relation of the particular parts, or a partial view as sufficient to enable them to comprehend the whole? To such judges of Nature, a sneer would perhaps be the most suitable reply; but, as they are numerous, it may be worth while to attempt to teach them sounder views. Much of their error may be traced to the importance which they attach to size, without perhaps reflecting, that, if this is to be considered as the best test of the dignity of an animal, the horse must be regarded as more excellent than his rider. Besides, were ani-
mals useful to man in proportion to their size, would the worm-like leech ever have been resorted to as a blood-letter, or the insect coccus employed as a dye? On no occasion can the argumentum ad verecundiam be employed with more effect, than when addressed to the despisers of the humbler tribes of animated beings. By whose power were the meanest creatures formed? By whose wisdom were all their organs arranged to fit them for the place they occupy? By whose will do they live? By whose bounty is their life sustained? Know, that HE, who, in the beginning, created the Heaven and the Earth, said, "Let the earth bring forth the living" creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was "so." Is it, then, to be considered as a degrading employment for man to examine those creatures which were formed by GOD ?
In collecting the materials of the present work, and preparing it for publication, the author experienced unavoidable difficulties, arising from his remote situation. It was sometimes not in his power, from his time being occupied by other important duties, to consult rare and costly works on Natural History; and the slow progress of his task,
which has occupied him for more than three years, has prevented him from quoting some authors, whose publications are already known to the public. The Chapters, for example, on the Organs of Perception, and the Faculties of the Mind, were prepared for the press several months before the publication of the "Physiology of the Mind" by the late Dr BROWN. Had this not been the case, the author would have availed himself of several acute remarks of that discriminating philosopher. Should the reader detect the slightest coincidence of opinion in the two publications, it can only be attributed to the analytical operations having been performed on similar subjects. Another work has appeared more recently, which the author regrets was not before him in the whole course of his enquiries. He refers to Dr BARCLAY'S Treatise on Life and Organization. It should be perused with care by every student of Anatomy and Natural History, as an effectual preservative against the doctrines of Materialism, and deserves a place as well in the library of the Divine as in that of the Physiologist.
In the distribution of the subjects of the following work, it was considered more useful to classify
the different organs of animals, and determine the functions which are executed, previous to the systematical arrangement of the species, than to unfold the peculiarities of the various organs as they occur in succession in the different classes. By this method, the student is made acquainted with the varieties of organization and function, and proceeds to the details of methodical distribution, with his mind prepared by general views for conducting the particular investigations. In the distribution of the various groups, the author, after the plan of the "Regne Animal" of M. CUVIER, the most valuable of modern systematical arrangements, begins with the perfect animals, and terminates with those which exhibit the most simple organisation. Suppose an opposite plan to be pursued, many difficulties must present themselves in the course of the arrangement. As the observer ascends in the scale, new organs develope themselves. These are at first so obscure, that he can neither unfold their structure nor guess at their functions, without being guided by his knowledge of the organs of the higher tribes: hence it happens, that the boasted analytical method becomes, in fact, synthetical; and the very terms which are employed to express the characters intimate a knowledge of the peculiarities of the higher divisions.
It was originally intended to have added to each genus in the Vertebral and Molluscous Tribes at least, a list of all the species which have been discovered as natives of the British Isles. But soon perceiving the impossibility of doing this, without exceeding greatly the prescribed limits, the writer relinquished the plan. He has, however, resolved to supply the defect in a separate publication, (for which he has been collecting materials during many years); in which work, he will confine himself to the determination of the specific characters and descriptions of BRITISH ANIMALS. The propriety of attempting such a publication, must be acknowledged by every one acquainted with the present chaotic state of the British Fauna.
The Plates which have been added to the present work, consist of figures relating exclusively to British animals. They are not gaudy, but they are correct delineations from nature, for which he is indebted to the pencil of his wife.
With regard to the style, it may be proper to mention, that brevity and perspicuity have been chiefly aimed at. That there are several errors in the composition is readily acknowledged. Those
Before concluding, the author embraces this opportunity of expressing his gratitude for the kind assistance he has experienced in prosecuting the work. He must particularly mention the name of Professor JAMESON, who has added so much to the reputation of the University of Edinburgh, as an eminent teacher of Natural History, and to whose exertions the public is indebted for that splendid collection of ANIMALS which adorns the Edinburgh Museum. The work, indeed, was begun in consequence of his recommendation, and he has contributed to its progress by many kind offices.
TO PATRICK NEILL, Esq. the author has been under particular obligations, for many valuable hints and sound criticisms, dictated equally by the ties of friendship and attachment to the science.
After all his exertions, the writer is aware that much more might be done, to give this treatise stronger claims to public favour, and to render it better deserving of the title which, for the sake of discrimination, he has, perhaps presumptuously,
ventured to adopt; and he would only recommend it to the student of Zoology, until a more complete work shall appear, which would be perused by no one with greater eagerness than himself.
The analytical Table of Contents exhibits so fully the method which has been followed, and the subjects which have been treated of, as to supersede the necessity of an Alphabetical Index.
Peculiar Characters of Inorganic Bodies. The independence of their different parts: their permanence, and the want of integuments. 4
1. Limited in the exercise of its Functions to the production of a Body of a certain Magnitude. Form, Structure, Composition and Duration. 8
2. Possessed of Irritability. Evidence of this property in Plants. Belongs to the fibrous structure, 11
3. Possessed of Instinct. Regulates the supply of Food, obviates Difficulties, repairs Injuries, Procreates. 14
Health. Disease. Monsters, through excess or deficiency; or by the substitution of function. Limits assigned. Death, ib.
Animals differ from Vegetables in Composition, peculiar odour when burning; in Structure, conical vessels; in Action, Sensation, Voluntary Motion, Locomotion; in Nutrition, a stomach. 40
2. Compounds of Organization.— Gelatine, Albumen, Fibrin, Extract, Mucus, Urea, Sugar, Oil, Acids, Fluids, crude and secreted, Solids, soft and hard. 59
Structure of the Muscles.—Filaments, tendons. Simple, ventriform, radiated, penniform, and compound muscles. Voluntary and involuntary. Effect of excitement. Lose their tenacity at death. Circular and longitudinal muscles. 122
They intimate at first the presence only of bodies. Meaning of the terms Sensation, Perception, and Idea: 164
Functions of the Eye. Focus. Why objects are not seen inverted. Objects seen at different distances. Diurnal and nocturnal Animals. Albinoes. Single vision with both eyes. 182
Knowledge procured by the sense of Sight. Colour of bodies, their direction, magnitude, distance, surface, and motion. Apt to deceive. Painting. 193
Knowledge procured by Hearing. Sound informs us of the distance, position, and velocity of bodies, even their composition. 203
1. Faculties of mind. Attention, its selective operations. Obvious in the lower animals. Recalling faculties. Memory, power of association, conception an ambiguous term; Memory aided by Attention, abstracts; examines and compares. Imagination not merely a retrospective, but a prospective power. 215
2. Ideas of Reflection. Personality, analogy often a source of errors, baits. Time. Power. Truth, acquired by experience and testimony. Duty. Deity. 225
1. Appetites for Food, how guided, frequency of its calls, sometimes vitiated. Sleep, dreaming, Somnambulists. Procreation. 243
2. Desires Warmth. Clothing, natural, artificial. Place, facility of finding home. Curiosity. Society. Imitation. Approbation Power. Life. 251
3. Affections. Benevolent Parental affection, provides a suitable birth-place, a supply of food, temperature, cleanliness, protects from danger. Filial affection. Social affection, forms of government, a ruler, mutual support, news of food; sometimes perverted, decoy ducks. Malevolent affections, their existence doubtful. Temperament. 265
1. By Sounds. Voice, Natural language Acquired language. Singing birds. Origin of differences in human speech, the causes will always exist. 277
Restraint. The terms Will and Free agency synonymous with attention. Restraint more easily exercised over our intellectual, than over our instinctive powers. 299
Difference between Reason and Instinct. The terms restricted. Dignity of man. Distribution of animals by LAMARK, according to their intelligence. 307
The Blood. Its mechanical structure, serum, globules, coagulation. Chemical constitution, serosity, clot, colouring matter. 345
Aerating organs. Lungs and gills. Windpipe. Larynx. Changes produced in the air by respiration. Changes in the blood, colour, density, specific heat. Quantity of oxygen consumed, variable. 348
3. Heat. Warm and cold blooded animals. Laws of animal temperature. Power of generating heat or cold. Possessed even by eggs. Influence of the skin, muscles, nerves, digestion and respiration. Morbid states. Origin of animal heat. Theories of BLACK and CRAWFORD insufficient to explain the phenomena. The idea of life inconsiderately excluded. 376
5. Hybridous Animals. Prevented by the selective attribute of the procreative instinct. Circumstances under which they are produced. They are barren. 428
Term of life frequently shortened. Noxious air. Endemical and epidemical diseases, Epizooty. Scarcity of Food, fasting. Cures. Universal war. Limits assigned to its ravages. 2
1. Temperature. Species suited to the climate. How the variations of the seasons are counteracted. 9
Changes take place in the clothing of animals. In the Quantity, casting the hair, winter furs, moulting. In the Colour, dark in summer and light in winter. 11
Periodical Migration. Summer birds of passage. Winter birds of passage. Places whence they come and to which they return. Polar and Equatorial migration. Influenced by the zones of equal temperature, 29
Torpidity. In Quadrupeds, confined to the unguiculata. Retire to a place of safety. Assume the position of sleep. Are very fat. Suffer, when torpid, a diminution of temperature. Respiration slow. Circulation slow. Diminished irritability. Power of digestion weak. Weight diminishes. Causes of torpidity, a reduced temperature, confined atmosphere, state of the constitution. Reviviscence. Torpidity of birds. Submersion of swallows. Torpidity of cold-blooded animals. Quiescence, 45
Remains of animals found in rocks. Errors, their origin. No evidence that these remains have been brought from other countries. Laws influencing Geographical distribution have always operated. The oldest relics not always belonging to the simplest animals, 88
Origin of these revolutions. Influence of the chace. Detrition of mountains, and upfilling of lakes. Increase of dry land. Changes of temperature. Peculiar co-existing characters of the state of the strata, and the kind of putrefactions which they contain, 97
Method of constructing a Fauna. Resident animals. Periodical visitants. Stragglers. Extirpated animals. Extinct animals. Naturalized animals. 106
Colour, variable. Dimensions, influenced by age and sex. Weigh, influenced by age, sex, and season. Shape, too much neglected. Habits of the species. 113
Dissection difficult, in air, in water. Processes employed. Maceration, solvents. Coagulation. Injection. Reliance on analogy. 120
The Microscope, fruitful of error. Preference given to single lenses. Management of light. Objects in water. 126
Characters of animals, how communicated. Descriptions. Drawings. Specimens. Preserving powder, preserving soap. Phials with alcohol, how closed. 128
On Systems. As many Natural Methods as there are systems of organs. Reputed natural genera containing artificial combinations. Artificial method. Mixed method. The exclusive employment of positive and negative characters recommended. Want of unity of method in the primary division of Linnæus. 136
1. Species. Sexual differences. Varieties. Specific name. Abuses. Specific character, necessarily variable with the progress of the science. References. Specific description, 148
— 2. Tusks and grinders of the Badger. a, Inside view of the teeth of the upper jaw. b, A similar view of the teeth of the under jaw, 181
— 2. Bones of the wing of the Corncrake, illustrative of the method of amputating portions of that organ in wounded birds, 265
— 5. Terebratula aurita. a, b, The two valves viewed externally. c, d, The corresponding valves viewed internally, all the four figures a little magnified. ib.
THE contemplation of the works of GOD, as exhibited in the material world, forms one of the most suitable, gratifying, and useful employments of his rational creatures. These works present themselves to our notice under different aspects, and require the employment of various methods for their examination. The results of these investigations constitute the different branches of Natural Science.
The examination of the forms, magnitudes and motions of the heavenly bodies, is the peculiar business of the Astromomer. In the prosecution of his object, he employs measurement and calculation, for the purpose of discovering the laws by which the celestial phenomena are regulated.
The beings which constitute this terraqueous globe, are subject to various changes, in consequence of their mutual actions on one another. These the Experimental Philosopher professes to investigate. When the actions here referred to are accompanied with obvious motions, but do not produce a permanent change in the constitution of
those bodies subject to their influence, they constitute those phenomena which the science of Natural Philosophy professes to examine and explain. The instruments of investigation employed in this department, like those of the astronomer, are measurement and calculation, aided by experiment. When the actions which take place among bodies, produce a permanent change in their constitution, unaccompanied with motions which admit of measurement, they are considered as belonging to the Science of Chemistry. Experiment is the only instrument of investigation which can be employed with safety in this department.
When the beings which constitute this terraqueous globe, are considered as related to one another, exhibiting particular forms, and adapted by their structure to the situations in which they are placed, they are regarded as the subjects of the Natural Historian. The establishment of a System of Nature, to which all his labours are directed, can only be completed when all the creatures of the globe shall have become known, and their mutual connections ascertained. Observation is the peculiar instrument of research which he employs.
All these sciences mutually explain and illustrate one another. The doctrines of the one are often employed with success, to solve the difficulties which occur in the other; and the instruments of the one may be substituted for those of the other, in particular circumstances, with the happiest results.
THE objects which present themselves to the notice of the Natural Historian, on the surface of this globe, exhibit innumerable varieties of form, structure, action and position. But, however diversified in appearance, they readily admit of distribution into various groups, each including numerous species, capable of farther arrangement into subordinate tribes. The most extensive of these groups, are two in number,—the one called the ORGANIZED,—the other the INORGANIC Kingdom. The limits which separate these two divisions, are so well defined, that the distinction has been universally received.
Philosophers and poets, in all ages, have been anxious to point out a certain gradation of perfection in earthly objects,—a CHAIN OF BEING, the links of which consist of all created beings, passing by insensible degrees from the simplest to the most complicated, and constituting one harmonious whole, unbroken and dependent. Crystallization, they say, is the highest link of the inanimate part of the chain, and connects the Mineral with the Vegetable Kingdom. The lichen which encrusts the stone, is but one step higher in the scale of being than the stone itself. The mushrooms and corals, form a bond of union
between the Vegetable and Animal Kingdoms; and the vast interval by which Man is separated from his Maker, is occupied by different orders of superior intelligences.
All this appears at first sight plausible, and in some respects in conformity with those arrangements of Nature which we witness taking place in the subordinate divisions of animated beings. But when we examine attentively the characters which distinguish inorganic from organized beings, and animals from vegetables, we perceive, at once, that there are intervening chasms by which different parts of the chain are separated; nor can the most acute observer detect on either side the remaining portions entire, although he may be able to collect a few fragments and disjointed links.
I. Independence of the different parts of Inorganic Beings.—The different parts of an inorganic body enjoy an independent existence, while the parts of a body belonging to the organized kingdom, depend on their relative situation for the continuance of their structure and properties. The value of this distinctive mark will appear more obvious by the following examples. If we remove, from a bed of basalt, one of the jointed columns of which it consists, neither the bed nor the column suffer by the disjunction; and the latter retains the same form and structure as before the separation. If the joints be divided from one another, each joint will continue to preserve its character, although no longer in connection with those of which the column originally consisted. If the joint be split into a number of pieces, each fragment will be found to preserve its form and structure as permanently as the concretion from which it was detached. How widely different are the appearances exhibited by an organized body, when subjected to similar treatment!
When we pull off a branch from a tree, the stem itself is injured, while the detached portion speedily exhibits a change in every sensible quality. The leaves wither and drop off, the pliant twig stiffens, and the fresh bark assumes the appearance of a shrivelled crust. Changes equally obvious present themselves when a limb is separated from the body of an animal. Putrefaction soon reduces part of it to earth, and disengages the remainder in air.
In all these circumstances we find, that the instant the parts of an organized being are separated, a destructive process commences, to which there is nothing analogous in the mineral kingdom. The bodies which formerly attracted one another, and in their combinations exhibited to us the finest forms, and executed the most complicated movements, now appear to repel one another, and hasten to have the bond of union dissolved. This character, therefore, which we have now stated, independent of any other, is sufficient to point out the magnitude of that interval which separates the inorganic from the organized kingdom, and divides the living from the dead.
II.Permanence of Inorganic Bodies.—If we take a saline mixture, and induce crystallisation, symmetrical bodies are obtained, which are considered as the most perfect models of inorganic existence. These crystals, of whatever size, would continue to exhibit the same form and structure, unless acted upon by some external force of a chemical or mechanical kind. Within, every particle is in its proper place, nor does there exist any power to alter, increase or diminish. But the case is widely different with organized bodies. They acquire definite forms and structures, which are capable of resisting for a time, the ordinary laws by which the changes of inorganic matter are re-
gulated. Internally, however, there is no rest. From the period that the existence of the plant or animal commences, to the day of dissolution, there is no stationary point. Increase and decay succeed by turns. Youth follows infancy, and maturity precedes age. It is thus with the mushroom and the oak,—with the mite and the elephant,—life and death being common to all of them.
III.Integument distinctive of Organized Bodies.—The substance of a stone or a crystal, is the same at the surface and the centre. Minerals possess no covering to defend them from external injuries, and preserve their form. When they increase, it is by the addition of matter to their surface; when they decrease, it is by the abstraction of the exterior particles. But organized bodies are enveloped in a covering which differs in structure from the parts within, which defends those parts from the action of external agents, and which is susceptible of extension and contraction. The increase of size is produced by the addition of particles to the interior, and an enlargement of this integument. A diminution of size takes place from the removal of particles from the interior, and a consequent contraction of the covering.
Were it necessary, many characters besides those which have been enumerated, might be exhibited, as distinguishing the inorganic from the organized kingdom. The individuals belonging to the former do not require nourishment and a suitable temperature, neither do they possess a circulating system. Animals and vegetables, on the other hand, stand in need of a supply of food and air, and a suitable temperature, for the continuance of their existence, and are nourished by particles prepared in appropriate organs, and conveyed by peculiar vessels. Inorga-
nic bodies can neither boast of youth nor age, parent nor child; while organized bodies have the power of reproduction as well as the tendency to decay.
Such are the characters by which inorganic and organized bodies may be distinguished, as constituting the two great and primary classes of natural objects. Let us now direct our attention to the structure of the organized kingdom, for the purpose of ascertaining those subordinate divisions of which it is susceptible.
THE infinite variety of species which constitute the organized kingdom, possess many common properties, independent of the remarkable differences which they exhibit in their structure and appearance. By attending to these common properties, we shall be able to discover some of the qualities of that principle to which they owe their character, and by which their arrangements are regulated.
All organized bodies consist of Solids and Fluids. The former exhibit the appearance of fibres or laminæ, of which cells and tubes are constructed, destined to contain the fluids. These solids and fluids are very differently arranged in the different classes of organized being, although similar in individuals of the same species.
I. The Characters of the Vital Principle.—When we examine a plant or an animal as near to the origin of its existence as possible, we witness its embryo or germ,
small indeed, but possessing a power capable of developing in succession the destined phenomena of existence. By means of this power, the germ is able to attract towards it particles of inanimate matter, and bestow on them an arrangement widely different from that which the laws of chemistry and mechanics would have assigned them. The same power not only attracts these particles and preserves them in their new situation, but is continually engaged in removing those which, by their presence, might prevent or otherwise derange its operations.
1. LIMITED IN ITS POWER.—But there is a limitation of this power in the exercise of its functions, to the production of a body of a certain magnitude, form, structure, composition and duration.
A. Magnitude.—In each particular species, it is restricted in its efforts to the production of a being of a determinate size. When this size has been attained, sometimes by a slow, sometimes by a more rapid growth, the body remains for a time, as it were, stationary as to bulk. The absorption and ejection being equal and opposite, counterbalance each other. There is a proportion likewise preserved between all the parts,—between the roots and the stem,—the limbs and the trunk.
B. Form.—In each species, this power is restricted to a determinate form. Hence it is, that the external shape being the same in all individuals of the same species, it becomes an easy matter to recognize them. The seed of a fir-tree never expands into the shape of the ash, nor does the germ of the sheep evolve the appearance of the ox. In the various stages of their existence, certain organized beings are destined to undergo a variety of changes in size and shape; but these, however complicated or numerous, all pave the way for the assumption of the destined forms of the individual. In consequence of the uniformity of
these operations, we can predict with certainty, that from the small egg of the butterfly shall burst forth the destructive caterpillar; that this, in its turn, shall appear a dormant pupa, and, in due time, assume the elegant form and variegated colours of the sportive imago.
C. Structure.—This same power, which is restricted as to the form and size of the being it is destined to construct, is likewise regulated with regard to structure. Thus the germ of the palm-tree is destined to produce a stem, which shall increase by the addition of matter on its central aspect, and the fibres or nerves of whose leaves shall be arranged nearly in straight lines. The germ of the oak, on the other hand, is destined to construct a trunk which shall increase in size by the addition of layers to its circumference, and the nerves of whose leaves shall exhibit a reticular arrangement. The germs of animals, in like manner, are regulated by similar laws. Individuals of the same species are constructed according to the same plan, and are furnished with the same members and organs, although they differ more or less from those of every other species. In short, in each species there is a power capable of producing all the modes of that species, and incapable of producing those of any other.
D.Composition.—The power which organized bodies thus possess of attracting towards them the particles of inorganic matter, is not exercised indiscriminately. There is a principle of selection, which displays itself in the production of different substances from the same materials. The plants which grow on the same soil, which are nourished by the same water, and invigorated by the same temperature, select from that soil the particles suited to their nourishment. But all do not select the same particles. The wheat, barley and oats, draw towards them the particles adapted to construct their respective systems.
The horse, the sheep, and the cow, though all feeding in the same field, and consuming the same herbage, select different particles from the same mass, and appropriate these to the production of their peculiar organs.
Even the different members of which an organized body consists, possess this power. From the same circulating fluid, bone, muscle, cartilage, and fat are produced by the selective agency of the particular organs. In consequence of this power, each species, and the separate parts of each species, have an individuality of composition by which they are characterized. Thus, within the bark of the oak, we confidently expect to find wood of a more obviously fibrous structure, and of greater strength, than underneath the bark of the birch-tree: and the flesh of the sheep has always a different flavour from that of an ox or a horse. Even the particles which are secreted from organized bodies, differ according to the species. Thus we find the perfume of the rose different from that of the thyme, and the smell of the herring, from that of the smelt.
E. Duration.—The same power which we are now considering, is restricted in its action to a determinate duration. It collects the different particles suited to the composition of the individual, with unceasing industry, arranges them with amazing regularity, and, in spite of numerous obstacles, reaches the measure of the standard by which it is regulated. For a time it appears stationary, as to size, structure, and composition. By degrees, however, the functions of this power are exercised with less energy; the fluids decrease in quantity, and the solids become more rigid; the prelude to the total cessation of all its influence over the inorganic matter with which it is surrounded, and the very organs which it has constructed.
The term of duration is very different in different species. While many mushrooms and insects are but the beings "of a summer's day," the stately oak and the voracious pike outlive centuries. In general, when the previous growth of an organized body has been slow, the period of decay is protracted in proportion; and, when maturity has been quickly attained, decay as rapidly succeeds.
2. POSSESSED OF IRRITABILITY.—There is in this power which we are now considering, a disposition to be acted upon by different external objects, and to exhibit the influence which these exercise by contractile or expansive movements. This faculty is termed Irritability. It appears to reside in the fibrous part of organized bodies. Plants exhibit this power in a very remarkable manner, upon exposure to the light of the sun, bending their stems, and turning their leaves in various directions, according to the intensity and incidence of the rays. The pinnated leaves of certain plants exhibit the same power, when touched by any extraneous body, the various leaflets collapsing in rapid succession. This is well displayed in Mimosa pudica and sensitiva, Smithia sensitiva, and some others. The Hedysarum gyrans, or Moving Plant, as it has been termed, exhibits a motion in its leaves of a still more remarkable kind, requiring a very warm still atmosphere for its production. The leaf is ternate, and the lateral leaflets approach and recede from one another, in a manner irregular as to time and co-operation. But the example of vegetable irritability which is most accessible in this country, is exhibited by the Barberry-bush. Sir JAMES EDWARD SMITH, who first observed the phenomenon, thus expresses himself: "In this (flower) the six stamens, spreading moderately, are sheltered under the concave tips of the petals, till some extraneous body, as the feet or trunk of an insect, in search of honey,
touches the inner part of each filament, near the bottom. The irritability of that part is such, that the filament immediately contracts there, and consequently strikes its anther, full of pollen, against the stigma. Any other part of the filament may be touched without this effect, provided no concussion be given to the whole. After a while, the filament retires gradually, and may again be stimulated; and when each petal, with its annexed filament, is fallen to the ground, the latter, on being touched, shews as much sensibility as ever*.
In another British plant, the Cistus helianthemum, which is very common on dry rocky ground, the filaments, when touched, execute a motion the reverse of that of the Barberry. They retire from the style, and lie down in a spreading form upon the petals. This curious example of vegetable irritability was first pointed out by Dr HOPE, Professor of Chemistry at Edinburgh†.
In animals, this power is displayed by all muscles, in different degrees of intensity, producing directly, the various Involuntary motions; and indirectly, those which are termed Voluntary. In the former of these, an action takes place upon the application of a stimulus, independent of the will; while, in the latter, the action takes place in the muscle, in consequence of volition exercised through the medium of the nerves. When the nerve of a muscle is cut across, and direct communication with the brain thus interrupted, the will ceases to exercise its controul over the motions of the fibres; but involuntary motion, or the peculiar irritability of the muscle, continues in force.
By zoologists in general, the muscular fibre is regarded as deriving this power from nervous energy; since, as they
suppose, every fleshy fibre is accompanied by a nervous filament. Hence they conclude, that the peculiar motions of a muscle, after the section of its nerve, depend upon the portion of nervous pulp which it contains. BY HALLER, and a few others, irritability is considered as a quality of the muscular fibre itself; and they adduce in support of their opinion, the well known facts, that parts not muscular are not irritable, and that no proportion exists between the degree of irritability and the number of nerves in any part.
If the degree of irritability of any part be not in proportion to the number or the size of the nerves with which it is supplied, neither is it in the ratio of the number of its muscular fibres. Different muscles, in the same animal, possess dissimilar degrees of irritability; and the same muscles, in different species, likewise vary in the intensity of their action under similar exciting causes. It is impossible to form a conception of irritability, in which the muscular fibre shall not constitute the essential part. It is the only portion of an organized body capable of exhibiting the signs of its action; and, by consequence, the only part in which we have any ground to believe that it exists. The nerves, where present, may excite to action the muscular fibre, by acting as stimulants; but the same actions of contraction and expansion are performed in animals in which no nerves can be traced. In those animals, which belong to the least perfect classes, the nervous pulp is supposed to be diffused throughout the different parts, communicating to the muscular fibre its susceptibility of irritation. There is reason, indeed, from analogy, to acknowledge the propriety of the conjecture respecting this dissemination of the source of nervous energy in the cases to which we refer; otherwise, how could the will of those animals execute its purposes in the production of spontaneous motion. But
when the muscular fibre appears to be equally susceptible of irritation, when the nerves are no longer visible to our senses, as when they are aggregated into perceptible filaments, we are disposed to consider the quality as resident in the fibre itself. And this opinion is confirmed, when the attention is directed to the irritability of the vegetable tribes. In this department of the organized kingdom, the existence of nerves has not been demonstrated, nor even rendered probable; yet the expansions and contractions which vegetable fibres exhibit upon the application of stimulants, indicate an irritability the same in kind with that of animals, although its effects are not so rapidly displayed, at the same rime that they point out the place of its residence.
M. Lamark, in the introduction to his valuable work, "Histoire Naturelle des Animaux sans Vertebres," Paris, 8vo 1815, vol. i., refers some of the movements which are here considered as indicating the existence of irritability in plants, to the influence of the mechanical or chemical powers, and others, to what he terms vital orgasm. All these different actions, however, occur in connection with the vital principle, and their entire dependence on the laws of inorganic matter is a gratuitous assumption. With regard to this orgasm of plants, It is identical with the irritability of animals, and seems to have been employed by this author as a convenient ambiguous term, to aid him in his peculiar views of systematical arrangement.
3. POSSESSED OF INSTINCT.— In the exercise of those various powers which produce and modify the size, shape, structure, composition and duration of organized bodies, there is a more immediate reference to the formation of the individual, as it exists unconnected with surrounding objects. The power of irritability, on the other hand, forms a medium of communication not only with the different
parts of the organized body, but with external objects, and gives warning of the approach and retreat of salutary or noxious particles. All its movements, however, are of a passive nature. But the power which is now to be considered, though nearly related to irritability, is more varied in its movements, as it excites us to act upon external objects. It is active, not passive.
As organized bodies, when they begin to enjoy an independent existence, require food for their support, we might conceive it possible for a young plant or animal, by means of the irritability of the vessels, and those determinate powers which have been enumerated, to arrive at maturity, in the absence of counteracting agents, were the different substances necessary for their nourishment, always placed in contact with the vessels fitted for their reception. But the supply of nourishment, even where most abundant, is situated at some distance. Besides, during the whole term of life, obstacles and dangers interrupt and destroy the exercise of the various functions. From the form, size and vigour of the living bodies which we see around us, we may therefore infer the existence of a power which regulates the movements which are necessary to obtain a supply of food, to remove or counteract opposing obstacles, and to fly from impending danger, or repair the injuries which it may occasion. This active agent, which appears to be an inseparable companion of organized existence, we venture to denominate Instinct, and shall now endeavour to point out a few instances of its operations.
A. Regulates the Supply of Food.—When the seed of a plant is deposited in the soil, under circumstances favourable to its germination, the corcle expands, and, from the nourishment furnished by the cotyledon, evolves the radicle and the stem. The former of these descends into the earth, not according to the laws of gravitation, for it
displaces the soil, which is specifically heavier than itself,— while the latter bursts through its earthy covering, and rises to a determinate height in the atmosphere, not in consequence of its specific levity, for its density is greater than that of the circumambient air.
As the radicle is incapable of procuring nourishment for the growth of the future plant, in immediate contact with its surface, it sends out from its substance numerous fibres, which are multiplied in all directions to search after food, and convey it to the proper organs. The number and direction of these fibres, and the distance to which they extend, are regulated by the wants of the plant, and the supply in the soil. The stem in some plants rises unassisted in a vertical direction; in others, it requires the support of a foreign body, or remains prostrate on the ground; and the leaves assume every variety of aspect and position.
Various explanations, intended to account for the descent of the root and ascent of the stem, widely different from the one to which they are here referred, have been offered by different naturalists. One supposes the root to be attracted downwards by the earth, and the stem to be attracted upwards by the sun,—another, that the root is stimulated by the earth, while the stem is stimulated by the air, so that each lengthens in the direction of the greatest excitation,—and a third ascribes the descent of the root to the weight of its watery juices, and the ascent of the stem to the buoyancy of its gaseous secretions. But these hypotheses, while they fail in explaining the phenomena, many of which have not been contemplated, indicate in their authors a strong desire to employ the principles of chemistry or mechanics in the solution of the difficulties attending the examination of organized bodies, and a decided and unphilosophical aversion to admit the existence of the vital principle.
Animals, at their birth, present nearly the same phenomena as plants. When the germ of the egg of a fowl, for example, is excited to action, it begins to arrange and construct. the different organs necessary for its future existence, from the materials with which it is surrounded. It then bursts forth from the shell. Nourishment is not now in immediate contact with its absorbent vessels; so that it must employ its feet, bill, tongue and gullet to collect food for the stomach. It accordingly begins to pick the grains, which a mother's tenderness has provided, and executes the various movements of seizing, bruising and swallowing, with all the indifference and dexterity of a confirmed habit.
A quadruped, at its birth, discovers, with almost unerring certainty, the fountain of life, and adjusts its mouth, so as to pump out the milk, without being acquainted with the properties of a vacuum, or the pressure of the superincumbent air. In the explanation of these phenomena, it will be vain to call to our aid the mysterious powers of gravitation and affinity; for instinct, in these cases, exercises a controul over them, and directs their influence. It is equally vain to talk of the pain arising from hunger, and the consequent excitement to exertion, in order to satisfy its cravings: for the exertions themselves are predetermined; instruments are provided to assist; and the end is accomplished by the smallest quantity of labour. This instinctive principle may be considered, therefore, as directing the first movements of every organized body, after its kind, to procure the nourishment necessary for its future growth.
But it is obvious, from the situation in which living beings are placed on the surface of this globe, that many obstacles will obstruct these exertions. Each species will have to contend with difficulties peculiar to its form, and sphere of action. Were there no power, therefore, inherent in an organized body, enabling it to avoid and remove these,
life would often be interrupted at its commencement, and few individuals would reach the period of maturity. But the same faculty which directs the first movements of the organized body to obtain a supply of food, likewise assists in removing or counteracting opposing difficulties.
B. Obviates Difficulties.—When the roots of a plant, spreading in search of nourishment, meet with interruption in their course, they do not cease to grow, but either attempt to penetrate the opposing body, or to avoid it, by changing their course. Thus, I have repeatedly seen the creeping root of the Triticum repens, or Couch-grass, which had pierced through a potato that had obstructed its course: and every one knows, that the roots of a tree will pass under a stone, wall or ditch, and rise again on the opposite side, and proceed in their original direction.
The Shipworm, Teredo navalis, an animal which perforates wood, in order to form for itself a habitation, and which is well known as most destructive to the timbers of ships and harbours, in general, lengthens its cell by boring in the direction of the fibres of the plank. Should it happen to meet with the shell of another animal of the same kind, or a knot in the wood, which it is unable to penetrate, it changes its course, so as to avoid the obstacle, either by a slight curvature, or by reversing its original direction.
When two trees of the same kind are planted, the one in a sheltered, and the other in an exposed situation, we witness the display of this faculty, now under consideration, in a very remarkable degree. The former pushes forth its roots in all directions, more especially where there is the greatest supply of nourishment, and the highest temperature; while the latter, which, were it to act in the same manner, would be speedily overturned, multiplies its roots in the direction of the strongest blasts, and these, acting like
In like manner, the Acorn-shells (Balani), when growing on the firm, even surface of a plank or shell, present a regularity in the margin, and a narrowness of base, widely different from the irregular spreading bottom of the same species, when seated on the friable and uneven surface of a rock. In the former case, the shells are frequently of a cylindrical form; while, in the latter, they are uniformly approaching to conical. In a variety of other cases, which might be brought forward from the Vegetable and Animal Kingdom, where the obstacles are as various as the beings which encounter them, we perceive a unity of purpose, and a striking resemblance among the means employed for its attainment.
This instinctive principle, while it regulates the means to be employed in obtaining food and avoiding obstacles, likewise repairs the injuries to which organized bodies are liable.
C. Repairs Injuries.—Plants are exposed to a greater variety of accidents than animals. Destitute of the locomotive faculty, they neither can fight for victory, nor retreat for safety. In some cases, it is true, they close their flowers, or hang down their heads, to defend the unripe pollen from the heat, the wind, or the dew. But though they do not in general possess the means of avoiding injuries, they are abundantly provided with the power to repair them. Thus, when the branch of a tree is torn from the stem, the bark accumulates around the wound, and, in time, covers the offensive scar. The plants with which we form our hedges, still live, though sadly mutilated by the shears, and push forth afresh those branches and leaves necessary to the continuance of their being. The utility, indeed, of many of our culinary vegetables, such as parsley,
cives and cresses, depends on the displays of this repairing power. But the indications of its existence which have always appeared to me the most extraordinary, are exhibited by trees. In a young silver-fir, (Pinus picea), for example, I have seen the central vertical shoot cut off, so that the tree must have ceased to increase in height, unless there had been some repairing power, as the lateral branches invariably expand in a horizontal direction. But one of these lateral branches has begun to change its position; and, by bending itself upwards, at last assumed a vertical direction, and became the leading shoot and trunk of that plant, of which it was formerly a subordinate branch. It has sometimes happened, that more branches than one changed towards the vertical direction, and thus rivalled each other in their attempts to repair the loss of the original stem.
Animals, as we have already stated, can, in many instances, protect themselves from accidents, by resistance or retreat. But, when wounded, this renovating power is often exerted in an astonishing degree, in repairing lacerated muscles, cementing broken bones, closing ruptured vessels and supplying the loss of extravasated juices. In the lower orders of animals, the loss of amputated parts is speedily supplied by the production of new organs, as takes place with the tails of serpents, and the claws of lobsters; or the detached parts, when placed in favourable circumstances, evolve themselves into separate and independent individuals, as is the case with the common fresh water polypus.
It would have been easy to have multiplied examples of the display of this instinctive power in repairing injuries, were those which have been produced not sufficient to demonstrate its existence, and mark the characters by which it is distinguished.
4. Possessed of a Procreative Power.—The power which we have been considering, as displayed in the arrangement
of the parts of an organized being, and in regulating the motions which are necessary to provide food, remove obstacles, or repair injuries, is likewise exerted, in a determinate manner, in each species propagating individuals of a similar kind. Without this resource, the race would perish with the dissolution of the primitive stock. It is true, that the circumstances under which organized bodies are produced, are widely different in the Vegetable and Animal Kingdoms, and in the subdivisions of these great tribes. But there is at least one point of resemblance. The living power is first employed in the formation of the individual; and, during the developement of the several organs, the procreative instinct is dormant. But when the organized body approaches maturity, there is, as it were, an accumulation of vital energy, which gives birth to a new individual.
These different operations of living beings, which we have thus briefly enumerated, can never be regarded as the effect of their peculiar organization. The organs are formed according to a uniform and determined plan, from inorganic matter, collected from various sources, and arranged, according to the species, on different models. By what power, then, does this organization take place ? And what is the nature of that principle which regulates animated beings?
We have already taken notice of the laws by which it is regulated in the constitution, duration, and continuance of organized bodies. These make us acquainted with the existence of a principle, different from any of those which the mechanical or chemical philosophers have investigated with so much success. This power has been denominated The Living or Vital Principle; and the phenomena which it exhibits, are included in our idea of Life or Vitality.
This vital principle, then, so far as appears to our senses, can only reside in organized bodies. The connection is temporary, and may be dissolved by various circumstances:
and it is capable of being divided or multiplied by the process of generation. In the various kinds of organized bodies, it exhibits its different qualities, according to the structure of the fabric which it animates; hence we must conclude, either that the same principle is modified by the substances which it pervades, or that there are many different kinds. If we adopt the practice of the chemist, when examining the elementary bodies, and their combinations, and consider those substances distinct in kind, whose affinities and appearances are different, we must conclude, that there are different kinds of vital principles, distinguished by different affinities for the various kinds of inorganic matter, and forming, with these, combinations, whose peculiar characters are obvious and precise. In all organized bodies, we witness an origin, progress and termination; but, in each species, these circumstances exhibit some peculiarity which is not observable in any other species. We are, therefore, led to conclude, that there are as many different kinds of vital principles, as there are species in nature. Hence all the knowledge which we possess regarding the structure and functions of different kinds of organized beings, is, in fact, a knowledge of the attributes of the different vital principles from which these have originated; and our systematical arrangements, an attempt towards their classification. Even the vulgar, talk of the life of plants as distinct in principle from that of animals, although they seldom carry their views on this subject so far as to admit of any inferior division.
II. Conditions necessary for the Existence of the Vital Principle.—It is, doubtless, a curious subject of inquiry, to ascertain those conditions which are necessary to the display of this principle of life, or the circumstances under which it is generated or excited to action. Our knowledge of organized bodies, however, is still too imperfect to en-
able us to accomplish this task. It scarcely warrants us to hope that the object is attainable. We know, however, that the following circumstances are invariably present, whenever the vital principle begins to exhibit its movements.
1.A Parent.—Previous to the independent existence of a plant or animal, it is necessary that they shall have formed a part of some other body similar to themselves. This condition is ascertained in so satisfactory a manner, in the case of the more perfect organized beings, as to preclude the possibility of a doubt. There are, however, many plants and animals, with whose manner of growth and mode of propagation, we are so imperfectly acquainted, that we must rely upon the evidence of analogy for the conclusions which we form with respect to their origin. But as all the living bodies whose history has been studied with care, have evidently participated in the existence of other living bodies, before they exercised the functions of life for themselves, the presumption, that the same kind of generation takes place in every organized body, offers all the claims of a legitimate deduction. Life, then, may be considered as proceeding from life, as transmitted from one individual to another, and as dating its actual origin from the period when the voice of Omnipotence uttered the words, "Let the Earth bring forth.'
The ancients, whose opinions respecting the nature of generation were necessarily obscure, from the want of proper instruments and methods of observation, considered living bodies as produced in two different ways. In the first, exemplified in the case of the more perfect animals and vegetables, they considered organized bodies as proceeding from other organized bodies, by a process which is termed Univocal or Regular Generation. In the second, they supposed that the putrefaction of different bodies,
aided by the influence of the sun, generated life in the less perfect organized beings, such as mushrooms and worms. This has been termed Equivocal or Spontaneous Generation, and appears to have been devised by the Egyptians, to account for the hosts of frogs and flies which appeared on the banks of the Nile, on the ebbing of its periodical inundations. It was adopted by ARISTOTLE, and still continues to be supported by a few naturalists.
We have already stated, that the origin of life by univocal generation, is demonstrated by direct proof and powerful analogies. Nor is it at all difficult to give an explanation of those appearances on which the whole fabric of the theory of equivocal generation rests.
In the case of plants, some have supposed that the growth of the fungi, the mushroom among dung, and the other parasitical plants which appear on putrid flesh and fruit, might be regarded as examples of the truth of this theory. But the microscope makes us acquainted with seeds of these plants, and experiments prove that these seeds are prolific. The characters by which the different species may be distinguished, though minute, are permanent; and individuals of the same species appear in a variety of situations,—circumstances these, not to be looked for, in beings generated by corruption, or formed from the fortuitous concourse of atoms.
The animalcules which make their appearance in water in which vegetable or animal substances have been infused, seem at first sight to favour this ancient doctrine. But, in these cases, the species have determinate characters, exhibit always the same proportion of parts, and transmit their vitality to their descendants, after the manner of animals of larger growth. Is it probable, therefore, that if these animalcules were produced by the spontaneous aggregation of particles contained in these infusions, that they should
be controlled by the same laws which regulate the offspring of univocal generation, as to form, structure and duration; and that the same beings should be able to continue, by transmission, that life which they derived from accident ? The most rational explanation which can be given of the appearances of these plants and animals, in such places, is derived from the consideration of the smallness of their seeds or eggs, which may be carried about by the winds, and showered down along with the rains, so as to enter with facility into every situation. They cannot, however, expand, unless in circumstances favourable to their future growth. Thus the soil, in which alone the beautiful little plant called Monilia glauca makes its appearance, is the surface of putrid fruit; while the small animal termed Vibrio aceti, requires for its growth, vinegar, which has been exposed for some time to the air. This view of the matter is still farther strengthened by the almost indefinite length of time, during which, certain seeds retain their power of germinating; and certain animals, in a torpid state, the faculty of reviviscence.
We are thus led from the phenomena which organized beings present, to reject the theory of equivocal generation, and to admit the important conclusion of HARVEY, Ex ovo omnia. But the manner in which these eggs or germs are produced, has furnished matter of curious speculation to the physiologist. By some, it has been supposed, that the germs of all the plants and animals that have been, or ever shall be, in the world, were really all formed within the first of their respective kind,—to be brought forth in a determinate order. This Theory of Evolution, as it has been termed, is in a great measure the result of microscopic observations, assisted by preconceived views. There is one circumstance, however, which not only receives no explanation upon the principles of this
theory, but stands in opposition, viz. the production of hybrids, or the offspring of the union of the males and females of different species or genera. Thus, in the case of the mule, the produce of the ass and the mare, which partakes of the qualities of both parents, it is obvious, that the pre-existent germ of the female was more than stimulated to life by the sexual union,—that its structure was likewise changed, and that all the germs of its future offspring were likewise annihilated, since mules are seldom fertile. It fails, likewise, to account for the superior fertility of cultivated plants or domesticated animals.
Before dismissing this part of our subject, it is necessary to take notice of those facts illustrative of the origin of organized beings, which have been ascertained by the researches of modern geologists. In investigating the structure and composition of the rocks which constitute the crust of the earth, it is observed, that they enclose the remains of animals or vegetables, more or less altered in their texture. Presupposing that those rocks on which all the others rest are the most ancient; and after dividing them according to their age, as determined by their superposition, it has been ascertained, that the organic remains found in the older rocks differ from those which occur in the more recent strata, and that they are all different from the plants and animals which now exist on the surface of the globe. It likewise appears, that the petrifactions contained in the newer strata, bear a nearer resemblance to the existing races, than those which belong to the rocks of an older date. That the remains of those animals which have always been the companions of man, are only to be found in the most recent of the alluvial deposites. In the older rocks, the impressions of the less perfect plants, such as ferns and reeds, are more numerous than those of the dicotyledonous tribes, and the remains of shells and co-
rals abound, while there are few examples of petrified fish. In the more recent strata, the remains of reptiles, birds and quadrupeds, occur, all of them differing from the existing kinds.
Attempts have been made to account for these circumstances by supposing, that the present races of animals and vegetables, are the descendants of those whose remains have been preserved in the rocks, and that the difference of character may have arisen from a change in the physical constitution of the air, or the surface of the earth, producing a corresponding change on the forms of organized beings. The influence of cultivation on vegetables, of domestication on animals, and of climate on man himself, may be considered as strengthening the conjecture. But there are several difficulties which present themselves to those who adopt this opinion. The effect of circumstances on the appearance of living beings, is circumscribed within certain limits, so that no transmutation of species was ever ascertained to take place;—and it is well known, that the fossil species differ as much, nay more, from the recent kinds, as these last do from one another. It remains, likewise, for the abettors of this opinion, to connect the extinct with the living races, by ascertaining the intermediate links or transitions. This task, we fear, will not be executed speedily.
There is yet another view of the matter which suggests itself. If the seeds of some plants, and the eggs of certain animals, be so minute as to be excluded with difficulty from any place to which air and water have access, and if they are capable of retaining, for an indefinite length of time, the vital principle, when circumstances are not favourable to its evolution, the crust of the earth may be considered as a mere receptacle of germs, each of which is ready to expand into vegetable or animal forms, upon the occurrence of those conditions necessary to its growth.
According to this view, the germs of the ferns and palms first expanded their leaves, and afterwards those of the staminiferous vegetables. With regard to animals, it may be supposed that the germs of the zoophytes only, were first disclosed; afterwards those of the testaceous mollusca; and, finally, those of the vertebral animals: That the organized beings of the first periods flourished during the continuance of the circumstances which were suitable to their growth; and that the change which prepared the way for the evolution of those which lived at a subsequent period, contributed to the extinction of the earlier races.
According to this statement, there is little difficulty in accounting for the extinction and revival of the different races of the less perfect animals and vegetables, whose germs appear, even at present, to be regulated according to such circumstances. But it offers no solution of the difficulty attending the preservation of the germs of the more perfect animals, many of which are inseparably connected with the parent, and require the continuance of her life to preserve vitality until the period of evolution. If, then, the present races of quadrupeds did not exist at the time when the mammoth and the other extinct quadrupeds, whose bones CUVIER has described with so much accuracy, were the denizens of our plains, at what period, and under what peculiar physical circumstances, were they called into being? Is the generation of organized beings simultaneous or successive ? Have they all been created at once; but, in the progress of time, so modified by the influence of external agents, as now to appear under different forms? Or have they been called into being at different periods, according as the state of the earth became suitable for their reception *. The latter supposition is countenanced by many geological documents.
2. Moisture.—After the germ has been produced by the vital force of the parent, a determinate quantity of moisture appears to be necessary to enable it to exercise the functions of an independent being. In the case of the seeds of plants, and the eggs of all the aquatic animals, the vital spark, though existing, is unable to display its energies when placed beyond the influence of water. Even after the germs have expanded into maturity, the abstraction of moisture frequently produces a cessation of every function. This assertion may be verified, by placing a snail in a dry situation during the summer. Animation becomes suspended, and will continue so for several years, but will return upon moistening the shell with water. Similar effects may be observed with many of the infusory animalcules.
These facts have given rise to the opinion which very generally prevails, that the vital principle resides in the solids, as solids, and that, by means of moisture, it exerts its influence on inorganic matter. Others, on the contrary, considering that the fluids furnish the materials for the construction of the different organs, and are indispensably necessary in the various processes of absorption, secretion, and every other function, consider that the vital principle resides in the fluids. HARVEY and HUNTER assert, that both the blood and the chyle have life; while ALBINUS is disposed to grant it even to the excrement. It is, however, probable, that the living principle resides both in the solids and fluids, as we can form no conception of an organized body that does not consist of vessels and contained fluids; neither have we an idea of life that does not include the motion of these fluids. The vital principle may be retained, though inactive, even after a considerable part of the fluid has been extracted; and, in the case of the snails and animalcules, revive upon the addition of water. But there is not a single experiment which countenances the idea
The quantity of fluids necessary to the exercise of the functions of organized bodies is very various, according to the species. How different the dry powdery appearance of many of the lichens, compared with the watery tremellæ, or the hard stony substance of the common coral (Corallina polymorpha), from the gelatinous and transparent medusæ. In all cases, the quantity of fluid is greatest during the period of growth, and decreases beyond the term of maturity. Hence the plumpness and flexibility of youth,—the aridity and stiffness of age.
3. Temperature.—The two circumstances which we have already pointed out as necessary to the commencement and continuance of the vital functions, are nevertheless insufficient for the purpose, without the aid of a suitable temperature. Unless supplied with heat, the seeds of plants do not germinate; and the eggs of animals are not hatched. Even after the commencement of the living action, animation is suspended or destroyed, when the temperature sinks below a certain degree, which differs according to the species. In some animals, reviviscence and torpidity may be produced by turns, by the communication or abstraction of caloric.
In many cases, where an elevated temperature, or one higher than the surrounding medium is required, as in some plants during the fecundation of the seed, and in warm blooded animals, organs are provided which occasion the evolution of caloric; and, when this fluid ceases to be produced, the functions of life are suspended or destroyed. In general, when the temperature descends to the freezing point, animation is either totally destroyed or suspended; and, below that temperature, circulation ceases, and the fluids congeal. Life is likewise destroyed by a tempera-
ture approaching the boiling point. The tendency of the fluids to fly off in vapour, becomes too great for the vital power to restrain.
As the medium in which organized bodies live, is subject to great variations of temperature, it is obvious, that unless Nature had provided some means of defence, many races would soon be extinguished, and others confined in their operations. But, in all the situations in which organized bodies are placed, the means of protection against the vicissitudes of temperature are liberally provided. The locomotive faculty assists their escape from the scene of danger; and, where this is wanting, a covering of a body which conducts heat imperfectly, is bestowed to prevent the diminution of temperature, and various means are every where employed to check its pernicious increase. It is probable, that all organized beings, vegetable as well as animal, have an inherent power of generating cold or heat, according as circumstances require. Some curious experiments were performed in illustration of this subject by HUNTER*.
But the resources of organized bodies, employed to secure a suitable temperature, may be discovered in the circumstances of their physical distribution. Some are found subsisting under the influence of a vertical sun, while others survive the piercing colds of the arctic regions;some prefer the sea-shore, others the summit of the mountains; some live in the water, others on the dry land. To these different circumstances, there is an admirable adaptation of structure and disposition with respect to temperature; so that no part of the earth or the waters can be considered as destitute of life. In these different stations, the different species can perform all the functions of exist-
ence, the condition of the living body being suited to the place of its residence. But it may be asked, Is there no particular degree of heat in which the living principles display their energies with the greatest vigour? To this it may be answered, That the species of organized beings are much more numerous towards the equator, than in any of the other districts of the earth; that their numbers decrease as we approach the poles; and that the same decrease may be observed on leaving the sea-shore, and advancing towards the mountains. These facts seem to indicate a mean temperature of about 84° Fahr. the average mean heat of the equatorial regions, as the most favourable for the increase of living beings; since, they decrease in number and variety as we approach the poles, with the progress of the diminution of temperature.
The influence of temperature, in modifying the appearances of organized bodies, is by no means considerable. Among plants, the size appears to be influenced by this cause, the tallest being found in the warm countries, while those of the colder regions are of more humble growth. It is probable, however, that, in this case, the agency of winds in diminishing the size, is more effectual than the decrease of temperature. With regard to animals, size appears but little influenced by temperature. The whales of the arctic seas are the largest animals in the world; while the land quadrupeds of the warm regions are larger than those in temperate climates. But the irregularities which present themselves, forbid the establishment of a general rule.
In every case, then, we witness heat necessary, not only to enable the vital principle to execute its first movements, but the functions of existence in every period. It appears, indeed, to be the principal exciting cause of vital energy, from the commencement to the termination of its actions.
4. Atmospheric Air.—If we suppose the existence of a germ ready to expand, and furnished with a sufficient quantity of moisture, and a suitable temperature, still, there is another condition necessary to enable the living power to proceed to execute its functions,—the presence of atmospheric air. The decomposition of this fluid takes place wherever there is living action. The portion of oxygen which it contains disappears, and carbonic acid is substituted in its place. These effects are produced by the seeds of plants, and the eggs of animals. Nor is this decomposition confined to the first stages of life: for we find the stems and leaves of plants,—the skin and lungs of animals, requiring a constant supply of air; and, when this is withheld, decay and death supervene. Judging from the most accurate experiments which have been made on the subject, it appears to be demonstrated, that living bodies produce a superfluous quantity of carbon, and that the presence of the oxygen gas of the atmosphere is required to convert this into carbonic acid, for the purpose of removing it more easily from the system. The azotic gas in the atmosphere does not appear to exert any positive influence on living bodies. It apparently serves only to dilute the oxygenous portion.
5.Nourishment.— For the purpose of supplying materials for the increase of the structure, and the repair of the waste which always results from living action, nourishment is necessary for all organized bodies, and is sought after, at stated periods, whenever the system is exercising its functions. It is more or less fluid; and differs both with regard to its composition and quantity, according to the species.
Life, then, requires the germ to have been detached from a parent, supplied with moisture, excited by heat, and furnished with air and food.
commencement of life, and to the exercise of its functions, let us now attend to some of the phenomena presented by organized bodies during the continuance thereof. When all the organs are in such a degree of perfection as to be able, easily and durably, to perform the functions of life, the body is said to be in a state of Health. The ancients recognized a Goddess, who was supposed to preside over this condition, whom the Greeks termed ϒγιεια, and the Romans Salus.
When we consider the situation in which organized bodies are placed on the surface of the globe, the changes which take place in the quantity and nature of their food, the variations in the temperature of the surrounding elements, besides the occurrence of an infinite variety of accidents,— all calculated to retard or derange their motions, we may expect to find many individuals, in which the harmony between the different parts is interrupted, and the functions of particular organs suspended,— producing a condition the opposite of health, termed Disease. The uninterrupted influence, indeed, of external objects, acting either directly or indirectly, precludes the possibility of an organized body enjoying perfect health for any length of time. These obstacles, however, are in part removed, by the power which each individual possesses of accommodating itself to circumstances; of varying, within a certain range, its form, structure, and actions; of repairing injuries; and of continuing to live, though in part mutilated. Such displays of the vital power are familiar to the Physician, and constitute the very basis of the healing art.
Besides the destructive influence of external objects, we may refer many of the diseases which assail organized bodies, to some imperfection or derangement of the vital principle itself. This is obviously the case, when an organ
is either increased or diminished beyond its ordinary size, thereby destroying the proportion which should prevail between all the members; or, when one organ ceases to exercise its own appropriate functions, and performs those for which other organs are constructed. Organized beings, in which such modifications prevail, are termed Monsters. That monsters should occur among organized beings, need not surprise us, if we reflect upon the number of the vessels in which the living process is performed; the different properties of the matters acted upon; the endless varieties of combination and decomposition, of absorption and secretion, which take place. It may rather excite our astonishment, that, among living beings, so few are to be found, whose parts do not preserve their true proportions, or whose organs exercise functions which are foreign to their nature.
Monsters may, with propriety, be divided into two kinds. In the first, there is an excess or deficiency of a particular part, by which the relative proportion of the different organs is destroyed. The common garden-carrot may be produced as an example. In the wild state, the root is small, at the same time that it appears fitted to act both as an organ of nourishment and support to the stem with which it is connected. When cultivated, the root attains a much larger size, and the original proportion between it and the stem is greatly changed. The same holds true with regard to the turnip, and nearly all the roots which are cultivated for culinary purposes. The cabbage has become monstrous by the excess of its leaves; the tulip by the size and the shape of its petals; and our most highly esteemed fruits, by the disproportionate magnitude of the pericarp. In the Animal Kingdom such obvious instances of monstrosity of this kind are of rarer occurrence. There is usually a greater harmony among the parts; so that the
increase or diminution of one organ is accompanied with corresponding changes in all the others. But, when observed with attention, the different breeds of our domestic animals exhibit such monstrosities. The size of the body, when compared with the limbs; the presence or absence of horns; the length or shortness of fur, are all indications of the deranging influence of domestication.
The second kind of monstrosity, and undoubtedly the most remarkable, consists in the substitution of function, which sometimes takes place among the organs. In consequence of this change, parts are produced in situations where they do not occur in the healthy state; while other parts disappear, which are essentially necessary to the harmony of the whole. Thus with regard to plants, Sir JAMES E. SMITH has observed (and we have witnessed the same appearance,) the double-flowering cherry with the pistil changed into a leaf *. But although the form and function of the organ were thus changed, the new production was not foreign to the system, as it resembled exactly the common leaves of the branches. The stamens of the rose are frequently converted into petals; and, in consequence of the change, acquire the agreeable perfume peculiar to the organ into which they have been metamorphosed. On the other hand, when the stamens of the Meadowsweet, (Spiræa ulmaria,) upon the flower becoming double, change into petals, they lose all the fragrance which they would have possessed as stamens, the petals into which they have passed being scentless. In all these instances of monstrosity, we observe, that, although an alteration takes place, both in the structure and function of an organ, it is only in exchange for the character of another organ, peculiar to the system to which it belongs. The pistil of the cherry did
not assume the leaf of the rose; nor did the stamens of the rose change into the petals of the meadowsweet. In no case is there a mixture of the character of other species. Each preserves, amidst its greatest changes, that individuality of constitution by which its vital principle is distinguished.
In animals, monstrosities of a similar kind prevail. Thus in the human ovarium, concretions of hair, and even teeth have been found; substances which, in ordinary cases, are fabricated in the uterus; and all this in the absence of sexual intercourse *.
In many parts of the human body, encysted tumors have been observed, covered internally with skin, producing hairs. That such organs have assumed the functions of the skin, is obvious from the portions of detached cuticle and hairs found in the cyst, which have been thrown off in succession. In these instances, which occur in other animals as well as man, the hair corresponds, in appearance, with that which grows upon other parts of the body. Hence when encysted tumors of this kind form in sheep, they contain wool. Tumors likewise occur on different parts of the body, producing horny excrescences. A figure of a production of this kind, cut from the head of a woman in Edinburgh, in 1671, and deposited in the Library of the College, is given by Sir ROBERT SIBBALD†. Similar instances have occurred in England, and other countries. Although usually termed Horns, they are essentially different from the armature of the ruminating quadrupeds. They have no core upon which they have been formed; consequently they are destitute of a central cavity. They
are not connected with the skeleton, but produced by the skin, and differ in nothing but shape from the nails of the fingers or toes. Where such excrescences have been observed on sheep, they have resembled the substance of the hoof*.
In all these different instances of monstrosity, in the Animal Kingdom, (and many similar cases might have been enumerated,) in which certain organs perform functions which are unnatural to them, we still find limits assigned even to these aberrations. The new parts, how extraordinary soever they may appear, are still similar to the parts of some other portion of the system. The organs which characterise one species, are never produced on other species as monstrosities; so that there is no mixture or transmutation. The functions of a system may thus be deranged, and the harmony of its parts destroyed; but to such irregularities there are bounds which are never exceeded†.
These occurrences, which take place during the continuance of life, serve greatly to shorten its duration. Neither dwarfs nor giants survive the usual period of existence. The attainment of the senile ευθανασια, so anxiously wished for by all, only takes place when there is an equilibrium between all the organs; when each organ exercises its own peculiar actions; and when the body escapes the destructive influence of external accidents. Previous to the dissolution of the fabric, we witness a rigidity of the vessels; a deficiency of the fluids; and a cessation of motion. The vital principle then deserts the body which it has construct-
† The reader will find some short but pertinent remarks on this subject, by Dr BARCLAY, "On the Causes of Organization."—Memoirs of the Wernerian Natural History Society, vol. ii. part. 2. p. 537.–546.
ed, and surrenders it to the influence of the laws of inorganic matter. This last state is termed Death.
We have already stated, that the vital principle, in the formation of an organized body, acts in direct opposition to the laws of chemistry or mechanics. With the cessation, therefore, of the influence of the one, and the continued combined operations of the others, we may anticipate very remarkable changes. Perhaps the appearances of death which first present themselves to our notice, proceed from the influence exerted by the laws of mechanics. In obedience to the power of gravitation, the pliant twig hangs down, and the slender stem bends. In animals, the body falls to the ground; the pressure of the upper parts flattens those on which the others rest; the skin stretches out; and the graceful rotundity of life is exchanged for the oblateness of death. The laws of chemistry then appear to operate, in the production of the cadaverous smell, the prelude to putrefaction, when dust returns to dust.
HAVING endeavoured to ascertain those characters which are common to all organized bodies, it now remains that we mark the limits which separate these into the two great kingdoms of Animals and Vegetables, into which they have been divided by the universal consent of mankind. The undertaking may be regarded as peculiarly difficult, if we judge from the variety of definitions which have been given, and the still unsettled state of opinion among naturalists on
the subject. Part of this difficulty, however, may be referred to the employment of ambiguous phrases, and to inattention to the number and character of those properties which are common equally to plants and animals. But the greatest share may be traced to the practice of examining the doubtful objects, without attending to all their relations,—by comparing the less perfect animals with some of the qualities of the most perfect plants, and by allowing our opinions to be influenced by circumstances connected with mere size and form.
When we compare together those animals and plants, which are considered as occupying the highest stations in each kingdom, we perceive that the characters by which they may be distinguished, are obvious and well defined. But when we descend to the animals and plants which occupy the lowest stations, and perceive that they are less complicated in their structure; exercise few functions besides those which are essential to living bodies; and, in consequence, present only obscure points of difference, we may be led into the supposition that, at a certain link of the chain, the two kingdoms coalesce. When, however, we examine all the characters which the imperfect plants and animals exhibit, we shall be able to trace the relations which connect these minute and obscure species, with those in which the characteristics of the kingdom to which they belong are more fully developed. In order to illustrate this subject still farther, and attempting to guard against the errors into which others have been betrayed, we have already enumerated those characters which are essential to the existence of organized bodies; and propose now to consider the marks by which animals may be distinguished from plants.
I. Animals differ from Plants in Composition.—The essential elements of organized matter appear to be carbon,
oxygen, hydrogen, and azote, together with alkaline and earthy salts. These ingredients are variously combined, according to the species; but, when examined in a general view, they appear to unite according to a different plan in each kingdom.
The solid parts of all plants, termed the woody fibres, contain carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen, with scarcely a trace of azote. Sometimes there is a quantity of silica incorporated with the common integuments. The solid parts of animals consist of lime or magnesia, united with carbonic or phosphoric acids. In those beings, of both kingdoms, which appear to be destitute of solid parts, the points of difference are still numerous. We find the mucilage or gum of soft plants, differing widely from the gelatine or albumen of soft animals; the former being destitute of azote, which enters as a constituent in the latter. In some plants, substances of an animal nature, (or abounding in azote,) have been detected; not, however, constituting a whole plant, but only occurring in certain situations, and always in company with other substances of a decidedly vegetable nature; or consisting only of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen. In the soft animals, there is no extensive combination of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen, into which azote does not enter; or, in other words, no substance of a vegetable kind. In consequence of this difference of composition, animal and vegetable matters may be easily distinguished, when burning. The odour of each is so peculiar, that the test may be safely employed by the most inexperienced. Besides, as vegetables abound in oxygen, they have a tendency, after death, to become acid by its new combinations with carbon and hydrogen; whereas, the soft parts of animals, after death, are disposed to become alkaline, the azote entering into new combination with the hydrogen, and forming ammonia.
By the aid of this chemical character, the sponge and coral, the only beings which make any thing like an approach to the vegetable tribes, may be demonstrated to agree with the other members of the animal kingdom, in the gelatine or albumen of their soft parts, and the earthy salts which constitute their coverings or support.
2. Animals differ from Plants in Structure.—When we examine the structure of the solid parts of vegetables, we find them consisting of fibres or threads, which lie parallel to one another. In the solid parts of animals, on the other hand, the earthy salts are arranged in plates, forming cells.
Each fibre of a plant constitutes a tube or vessel for the circulation of the sap. As far as observation goes, these tubes are cylindrical throughout. They are aggregated into fagots, which diminish in magnitude as they proceed to the extremities of the plant; but the decrease is owing to the separation of fibres to form smaller fagots, not by the subdivision of the tubes themselves. The vessels of animals differ widely from such an arrangement. They do not constitute the solid parts. They are all of them conical, give off branches, and diminish by subdivision. The solid parts, then, of animals, are cellular;—those of vegetables vascular;— the vessels of plants are parallel and cylindrical; those of animals are irregular and conical. The former are simple; the latter are branched. The organs of support in plants consist of the vessels themselves; in animals, they are chiefly secreted salts.
3. Animals differ from Plants in their Action.—The preceding observations on the composition and structure of organized beings, establish the existence of characters sufficiently marked to warrant the conclusion, that animals and vegetables belong to different systems; that there is a model peculiar to each; and that, by attending to the ap-
pearances which they exhibit even after death, it is practicable to ascertain the kingdom to which any individual belongs. When we attend to the display of the living principle in the species of each division, we likewise perceive differences so very remarkable, as to dispel all the doubt and obscurity in which the subject at first appears to be involved. These differences, however, can only be distinctly traced, by a comparison of the most perfect animals with the most perfect plants; and by continuing the contrast, until we approach the lowest station of each kingdom.
When any object comes in contact with the point of my finger, I feel its presence, and my finger is said to possess the power of Sensation. When the same body comes in contact with my hair, there is no idea of its presence excited; and the hair is said to be destitute of sensation. When I compress or cut across the nerve which communicates between the brain and the finger, the faculty of sensation is suspended or destroyed. The same object may come in contact as before, but there is no feeling excited, intimating its presence. In the hair there is no nerve; and, consequently, division or compression occasions no change. I conclude, therefore, from the evidence of my own experience, that the power of feeling is inseparably connected with the presence and condition of the nerves; and that where there are no nerves, there can be no sensation. I observe, likewise, in the case of animal bodies, that the nerves are only dispersed through those parts which consist of what is termed animal matter, or combinations of carbon, hydrogen, azote and oxygen; and appear to be incapable of communicating the power of sensation to any of the combinations of the earthy salts.
In examining the different branches of the animal kingdom, we observe the presence of a nervous system, more or less developed, according to the station occupied by the
species. In the animals of the higher classes, the nervous filaments can be distinctly traced; but in proportion as the absorbing, secreting, and circulating vessels of the system diminish in size, the nerves experience a corresponding decrease; and when these vessels can no longer be detected, on account of the smallness of their diameter, the nervous filaments likewise elude our observation. But in every animal, the most minute, we infer, from analogy, the existence of these vessels; and the belief of the corresponding existence of the nerves, is sanctioned by the same authority. Since all animals may thus be considered as possessing nerves, the faculty of sensation may be regarded as common to every individual of the Animal Kingdom.
Let us now turn our attention to the most perfect plants; to those in which the organs are most numerous, and most complicated in their structure. In these, however, there are no nerves, nor any substance which resembles them in form, structure and function; for the claims of the pith of plants to be considered as analogous, have been abandoned by common consent. If nerves do not exist in the most perfect plants, have we reason to anticipate their discovery in imperfect plants, which occupy a lower scale, whose organization is more simple, and whose living principles possess fewer attributes? Here analogy forbids the expectation; the microscope and the scalpel announce that it is hopeless. We conclude, therefore, that as vegetables are destitute of nerves, they are likewise destitute of the faculty of sensation.
When any object touches my finger, and excites the idea of its presence, it is the nerve which communicates the sensation. But I can remove my finger from the object, and thus cause the sensation to cease, or bring it again in contact, and renew the impression. These actions are expressed by the phrase Voluntary Motion. This faculty is
confined to certain organs, and certain conditions of these organs. If the nerves of the finger are cut across or compressed, I am unable to communicate to my finger the requisite power. Sensation has ceased, and along with it, voluntary motion. In the one case, the sensation, by the ligature or division of the nerve, is prevented from ascending; in the other, the excitement to voluntary motion is prevented from descending, by the interposition of the same means. I conclude, therefore, that the presence of the nerves is essentially necessary to voluntary motion. Here, however, there is another condition necessary. The organs to which the nerves proceed, must be so constructed as to admit of motion. My fingers possess this requisite qualification in an eminent degree; but when many other parts of my body are touched by any object, even though I feel its presence, I cannot move away the part without a general movement of the whole body. In many cases, I cannot even accomplish my object by any movement of the body, as when the substance is situated in some central part, so constructed as not to obey the will, as is the case with gouty or urinary concretions. Voluntary motion, then, depends on the presence of nerves, and the structure of the parts to which these are distributed.
As all animals may be considered as possessing nerves, and consequently, the essential requisite of voluntary motion; the organs of animals are likewise so constructed, as to admit of its display in the variety of actions which they perform. In a few animals, however, such as the sponge, the displays of this power are scarcely discernible. But as in all such animals there are some soft parts, and as they all possess nerves, we may infer from analogy the existence of this faculty, although its operations are imperceptible to our senses.
Though plants possess many organs apparently well adapted to the display of voluntary motion, yet the total absence of any thing like a nervous system, the essential condition of the faculty, and the want of animal matter on which it may exert its energies, forbid us to entertain a belief of its existence.
Besides possessing the faculty of sensation and voluntary motion, I likewise am able to move my limbs in such a manner, as to change the position not of one organ merely, but of my whole body, or to shift from one place to another. This new action is termed Locomotion. It requires for its performance not merely the conditions requisite for sensation and voluntary motion; but likewise an arrangement of organs so constructed, as by their action on the surrounding elements, whether of air, earth or water, the body may be displaced. Quadrupeds, birds, reptiles and fishes, possess such an arrangement of organs, and exhibit the locomotive power in a great degree of perfection. But as we descend in the scale, we find many animals in which such an organization does not exist, and that live on the same spot from the commencement to the termination of their existence. These animals, however, are all natives of the water; and although they be thus stationary themselves, the fluctuations of the element in which they live, produce a variety in the scene, and daily bring new objects in contact with their organs of sensation.
Among the invertebral animals, in which this faculty is not present in every species, there does not appear to be any link of the chain, or any system of organs connected with other functions, which regulate the presence or absence of locomotion. The Monas, usually considered as the lowest term of animal life, and in which, neither mouth nor vessels can be perceived, is an animalcule which resides
in water, and performs all its locomotive evolutions with considerably rapidity. The Oyster, on the other hand, in which a heart, bloodvessels, brain, gills, and stomach, may be easily observed, has one valve of its shell cemented to the rock, and depends on the bounty of the waves for all the objects of its sensation and nourishment.
Plants are destitute of sensation, voluntary motion, and locomotion. They live and die in the same spot. Where the seed first strikes root, there the plant continues, unless transported by some foreign power, and passes through the various stages of growth, maturity and decay. Plants have been found alive, even when detached from the soil; but such plants possess true roots, either as organs of support or nourishment; and only quit their first station by force. This is frequently the case with the floating duckweed, and with the fuci which form the celebrated Mar do Sargasso, or sea of sea-weeds, in the great ocean.
4. Animals differ from Plants in their Nutrition.—If we attend to the organs of nourishment in the perfect animals, we perceive that there is an alimentary canal, situated towards the centre of the body, and exhibiting in some part of its course an enlargement, termed a Stomach. As we descend in the scale of animal life, this tube experiences remarkable changes in form and position, but continues solitary in each individual. When all the other vessels of the body cease to be conspicuous, by reason of the diminutive size of the animal under examination, this organ may often be perceived. Indeed, judging from analogy, we have reason to conclude, that in every individual of the Animal Kingdom, there is a particular cavity destined for the reception of the food.
In the most perfect vegetables, on the other hand, we find the alimentary tubes so numerous, that we are unable to count them; and in no case do we observe any common
cavity into which they empty their contents, or any enlargement which bears a resemblance to a stomach. In the inferior tribes of vegetables, the organs of nutrition appear to be constructed according to the same model. In consequence of these peculiar arrangements, the absorbing vessels of nutrition in plants, arise on the surface; while those of animals originate on the inside of the alimentary canal. Dr ALSTON, who regarded this last character as constituting an obvious and essential mark of distinction between plants and animals, fancifully termed a plant an inverted animal*.
In all animals, in which the intestinal canal is of sufficient size to be obvious to the senses, we perceive that crude matter is conveyed to it by the mouth; and that after a certain time, the useless part is thrown out as excrement. In plants, all the food which enters their tubes, appears to be in a state of solution; and all the superfluous quantity is dissipated in gaseous or aqueous exhalations.
Some have attempted to insinuate, that plants can live on inorganic matter, while animals can be supported only on that which is or has been organized matter, either of a vegetable or animal nature †. A moment's reflection, however, on the similarity between the elementary substances, of which all organized bodies are composed, will not fail to induce us to assign to them a common origin. All the larger animals feed on the remains of animals and vegetables, while the plants feed on the juices of the soil. But we are utterly ignorant of the particular state of combination, in which the atoms of the nourishing substances may
* "Tirocinium Botanicum Edinburgense," Edin. 8vo. 1753;—a work which may still be perused with advantage by the student of botany.
in, at the time of the absorption by animals or plants. We know, that upon being absorbed, they enter into combinations depending on the living principle; but where is the proof, that animals can form new combinations only from those bodies already in living union ? The Cheese Mite and the Blue Mould, are both supported by the same food; and the observation applies to many dung-beetles and mushrooms. How many plants and animals appear to subsist on water only?
In the course of the preceding observations, we have attempted to mark the characters by which plants and animals may be distinguished from each other. Instead of giving a definition of these organized beings, in order to draw the line of separation, we have preferred a description in detail. Many of the definitions which have been given, do not embrace all the species of the two classes, but serve to characterize the largest and most perfect merely. They indicate a limited acquaintance with the extensive range of living beings. Such are the definitions of THEOPHRASTUS, JUNGIUS, TOURNEFORT, PONTEDERA, LUDWIG, BOERHAAVE, LINNÆUS and MIRBEL; which do not surpass in point of clearness or acuteness, the discriminations of ARISTOTLE: From this last naturalist nearly all of them appear to have derived their origin.
HAVING, in the preceding chapter, taken a general view of the constitution of those great classes into which the creatures of this Globe may be divided, we come now to trace the relation in which these classes stand to one another; or to examine what has been termed the Polity of Nature,
When we attentively consider the present condition of the inorganic kingdom, it will appear obvious, that the continuance of its existence and arrangement does not depend on the presence of organized beings. Independent of its vegetable covering, of the animals by which it is peopled, and of man himself, this globe could still revolve in its orbit, and act its part in the solar system, though naked, silent and lifeless. Changes would, indeed, take place on its surface, in consequence of the laws of chemistry and mechanics, and independent of the aid of living bodies. The prominent parts would be worn down; the hollows would be filled up; and its outline would assume an inclination every where at right angles with the direction of gravity. These changes have, in part, been accomplished; and have impressed on the different strata the peculiar characters of their structure and superposition.
The organized kingdom, on the other hand, could not exist alone. The beings of which it is composed may be considered as the parasites of this planet, and depend on its present movements for the exercise of their functions. Were the earth to approach nearer the sun, or recede to a greater distance, organized existence would be destroyed, by the mere change of temperature.
The presence of the inorganic kingdom, is necessary to the existence both of plants and animals, as furnishing them with the elements of their composition, and a place of residence. Plants may be considered as more immediately dependent on the inorganic kingdom than animals. Their attachment to the soil is more obvious; and the changes which take place in its condition, exert a more direct influence over them. The lichens cover the exposed surface of the rock; and, by the retention of moisture, accelerate its decomposition. The mosses next establish themselves in the hollows and crevices; and, by degrees, prepare a soil for the stameniferous vegetables. These last attempt to esta-
blish themselves in such a manner, as to banish to the still barren districts the first fabricators of their soil. The most perfect plants are, in general, independent of the Animal Kingdom, or able to subsist without their presence. The members of that great family, indeed, are their enemies rather than their friends.
The animal is, in a great measure, dependent on the vegetable kingdom for food and shelter. Some animals live directly on plants, as their only nourishment, others live on the flesh of other animals, but these last are, in general, supported by vegetable food. Hence, we may assert with confidence, that if the vegetable kingdom were to perish, the extinction of life, in the more perfect animals at least, would inevitably follow. Some of the less perfect animals are more independent in their condition. The infusoria appear to subsist by decomposing water. They, however, prepare a suitable repast for the annulose and molluscous tribes; and these, in their turn, contribute to support the vertebral races. In both kingdoms, therefore, the smallest and most obscure species are subservient to the welfare of those which are larger and more perfect.
In viewing the relation of these great classes of beings to one another, we perceive an admirable adaptation of means, to the establishment and continuance of the present order of things. The surface of our globe exhibits a great variety of situation for the residence of plants. Part is occupied by land, and part is covered with water. The land varies, in composition and moisture; the water in its contents and motion; and both vary in their temperature. But however different these situations appear to be, there are plants peculiarly adapted for each, in which they flourish with the greatest vigour, and where they are only restrained within fixed limits, by the physical characters of their station.
The condition of the Earth, which thus presents different situations for the species of the Vegetable Kingdom, influen-
ces the species of the Animal Kingdom in a similar manner. But animals are not only dependent on the physical character of their station, but on the presence of those vegetables on which they subsist, whether directly or indirectly. In the existing arrangements, animals are distributed, with regard to plants, in such a manner, as that a supply of food may be readily obtained; limited, however, so as to prevent the excessive increase of any particular species. In their turn, animals influence the growth of plants, by keeping many species within due bounds, and by assisting the dissemination and nourishment of others. But amidst this variety of action and reaction, and of temporary derangement, circumstances always arise, by which irregularities are checked, losses compensated, and the balance of life preserved.
LINNÆUS, from the contemplation of this subject, concluded, contrary to the generally received opinion, that animals were created on account of plants, not plants on account of animals. The defence of this opinion rests on the consideration, of animals having organs suited to cut and bruise vegetables as food, and by these operations, sometimes contributing to preserve an equal proportion among the species; and on the following reasoning,—that the iron was not made for the hammer, but the hammer for the iron,—the ground not for the plough, but the plough for the ground,—the meadow not for the scythe, but the scythe for the meadow*. The exclusive consideration of the indirect consequences of the actions of animals, has obviously betrayed LINNÆUS into this opinion. That it is erroneous, may be easily demonstrated, by the employment of his own method of reasoning. Plants, we know, are furnished with roots to penetrate the soil for nourishment and support; and fishes have fins adapted for swimming. Now, if the soil was not made for plants, but plants for the soil;
if the sea was not made for fish, but fish for the sea, then, instead of considering animals as created on account of plants, we must draw the mortifying conclusion, that both animals and vegetables were created on account of inorganic matter; the living for the sake of the dead.
All that we know with certainty on the subject, amounts to this, That the organized kingdom is dependent on the inorganic; that animals are greatly dependent on vegetables, and that the different tribes in each kingdom have determinate mutual relations. Judging from the mode of action peculiar to the species of each kingdom, we are led to conclude, that vegetables are superior in the scale of being to minerals; that animals are superior plants; and that they constitute a harmonious whole, in which the marks of power, wisdom and goodness, are every where conspicuous.
ALTHOUGH the attention of many eminent chemists has been directed to the examination of the composition of animal bodies, a great deal remains undetermined, in this difficult department of experimental research. The elementary principles which occur in the Animal Kingdom, have been ascertained with considerable precision; but the binary, ternary, or other compounds which these form, have not been investigated with so much success. As these various ingredients are brought into union in the animal system, by the agency of the vital principle, their state of combination may be expected to differ widely from the ordinary results of elective attraction. When such compounds of organization are submitted to analysis, the influence of the vital principle having ceased, the products
obtained, may be regarded in many cases as modifications of the elements of the substance, occasioned by the processes employed, rather than the display of the number or nature of the ingredients as they existed previous to the analytical operations. Errors, we know, are to be guarded against in the analysis of mineral waters, arising from combinations taking place during the process, which did not exist in the compound previous to analysis*. How much more necessary is it, to exercise caution in drawing our conclusions regarding the composition of animal bodies ?
In this section I shall enumerate the elementary bodies, which are considered as entering into the composition of the parts of animals, and then consider the combinations which these form, or the substances in which they have been detected.
1. Carbon.—This substance exists in various states of combination, in the fluids as well as the solids of every animal. It has never been detected in a separate state in any animal substance. In the lungs, however, it appears to occur in the form of charcoal, according to the observations of Dr PEARSON †. The lungs, in youth, are light coloured; but they increase in darkness with age, and in old persons they are nearly black. This change of colour is produced, by the deposition of charcoal in the cells of the lungs, and the bronchial glands. Dr PEARSON considers
† "On the Colouring Matter of the Black Bronchial Glands, and of the Black Spots, of the Lungs." Phil. Trans. 1813, p. 159.
this substance as derived from the sooty matter from coal, mixed with the air inspired. If this change to blackness, occurs only in the lungs of the aged inhabitants of cities, the explanation here offered must appear plausible; but if the same change takes place in the lungs of those who live chiefly in the open air, and in the country, we should be disposed to consider the charcoal not as a foreign body, but as a morbid secretion of the organs of respiration.
When animal substances are exposed to a high temperature in closed vessels, the charcoal which is produced, differs considerably from that which is obtained by the same means from vegetables. It is more glossy in appearance, and is incinerated with much greater difficulty.
2. Hydrogen.—This gaseous element is universally distributed in the Animal Kingdom. It occurs as a constituent ingredient of all the fluids, and of many of the solids. It is invariably in a state of combination with charcoal; for, as far as we know, it has never been detected in an uncombined or separate state. It has been found in the human intestines, in the form of carburetted hydrogen.
3. Oxygen.—This principle is equally widely distributed with the preceding, in the fluids and solids of animals. A constant supply of it from the atmosphere is indispensably necessary to the continuance of animal life. It occurs, not only in combination with other bodies, but probably likewise in a separate state, in the air-bag of fishes, in which it is found varying in quantity, according to the species, and the depth at which the fishes have been caught. It is common, in union with charcoal, forming carbonic acid. This acid was first detected by PROUST, in an uncombined state, in urine, and by VOGEL, in blood. The latter chemist "put a quantity of fresh urine into a glass flask, to which was held a bent glass tube, the mouth of which dipped into a vessel containing lime-water. This apparatus
being put under the receiver of an air-pump, the air was slowly exhausted. A great quantity of air bubbles issued from the urine, and the lime-water became milky, indicating the extraction of carbonic acid gas*." By a similar process, it was obtained from blood. When proper precautions were used, DARWIN could not detect any air either in blood, urine, or bile, by the aid of the air-pump. The carbonic acid appeared, however, when these fluids had been exposed to the air, and seemed to be generated in consequence of the removal of atmospheric pressure †. Carbonic acid gas is likewise found in the intestines of quadrupeds; but it chiefly exists in animal bodies, in combination with the alkalies or earths. It is likewise emitted by all animals in the act of respiration.
4 Azote.—This gas is very widely distributed as a component part of animal substances. It occurs in almost all the fluids, and in those solid parts which have carbon as a base. The almost universal prevalence of this principle in animal substances, constitutes one of the most certain marks by which they may be distinguished from vegetables. Azote likewise occurs, in an uncombined state, in the air-bag of some fishes. It was first detected as a secretion, by Dr PRIESTLEY in the air-bag of the roach.
5. Phosphorus.—This inflammable body exists, in union with oxygen, in the state of phosphoric acid, in many of the solids and fluids of animals. Its existence, however, in an uncombined state, has not been satisfactorily determined, although there appears a tendency to refer the luminousness of several animals to the slow combustion of this substance. Even phosphoric acid can scarcely be said to exist in a separate state, being found in combination with potash, soda, ammonia, lime, or magnesia.
6. Sulphur.—In combination with other bodies, sulphur exists in considerable abundance in animal substances. It can scarcely be said to occur in a separate state in animals; at least the experiments which may be quoted as encouraging such a supposition, are by no means decisive. United with oxygen, in the form of sulphuric acid, it exists in combination with potash, soda, and lime.
7. Fluoric Acid.—BERZELIUS has detected this acid in bones and in urine, in a state of combination with lime *.
8. Muriatic Acid.—This acid exists, in combination with an alkali, in a great number of the animal fluids, as with soda and ammonia in urine. I have observed, that several species of the genus Julus, when taken by the hand, emit an odour so much resembling this acid, as to render the opinion probable, that they secrete it, when irritated, in a free state.
9. Iodine.—This interesting substance has been obtained by Dr FYFE †, from the residue of the incineration of the common sponge of the shops. The water in which sponge had been infused, and which, consequently, contained its gelatinous ingredient, yielded no traces of it. The portion which remained, after infusion in water, or its albuminous part, afforded, after being burnt to ashes, distinct traces of its existence. We may conclude, therefore, that the iodine is in combination with the albumen or insoluble portion. In the sea-weeds, on the other hand, the portion which is soluble in water contains the iodine; thereby furnishing a very striking point of difference in its mode of combination in the Vegetable and Animal Kingdoms.
10. Potash.—This alkali exists in combination with the sulphuric, muriatic, or phosphoric acids; but it is far from
abundant in animal fluids. It is much more common in the vegetable kingdom, especially in land plants.
11. Soda.—This alkali is present in all the fluids in various states of combination, and is more abundant than the preceding. It gives to many of the secretions the alkaline property of changing vegetable blues into green. It is found in union with the carbonic, phosphoric, sulphuric, and muriatic acids.
12. Ammonia.—As the elements of this alkali exist in all the fluids, and many of the solids of animals, it is frequently produced during putrefaction, and the decompositions of analysis. These elements are likewise found united in the system, and the alkali then appears in union with the various acids, as the phosphoric, muriatic, and lactic.
13. Lime.—This earth, of which the hard parts of animals, such as bones and shells, are chiefly composed, is of universal occurrence. It is always in a state of combination, and chiefly with the carbonic or phosphoric acids.
14. Magnesia.—In the animal system, this earth occurs sparingly. It has been detected in the bones, blood, and some other substances, but always in small quantity, and chiefly in union with phosphoric acid.
15. Silica.—This earth occurs still more sparingly than the preceding. It is found in the hair, urine, and urinary calculi.
16. Iron.—The existence of iron has hitherto only been detected in the colouring matter of the blood, in bile, and in milk. Its peculiar state of combination in the blood, has given rise to various conjectures; but a satisfactory solution of the question has not as yet been obtained. In milk, it appears to be in the state of phosphate.
17. Manganese.—The oxide of this metal has been observed, along with iron, in the ashes of hair, by VAUQUELIN.
These simple substances have been detected by chemists in the solids and fluids of animals; but seldom, as we have said, in a free state. Many of them combine, in such various proportions, that it is extremely difficult to determine their true condition, or fix the characters of their natural and permanent results. Without entering into detail, we shall briefly enumerate these various compounds; the methods of procuring them in a separate state; the characters by which they are distinguished; and their uses in the animal economy.
1. Gelatine.—This substance occurs, in nearly a pure state, forming the air-bag of different kinds of fishes, and well known in commerce under the name isinglass. When in a dry state, it is colourless and translucent; yields with difficulty to the knife; and, upon being broken, exhibits a resinous lustre, and conchoidal fracture.
When thrown into cold water, it becomes soft and increases in bulk, but does not readily dissolve. Hot water dissolves it in large quantities. The solution is translucent; of an opal colour; and gelatinizes as it becomes cold. In this state it is well known by the name of Jelly. Chemists term it tremulous gelatine. When in a dry state, gelatine may be kept for any length of time; but, when thus united with water, it very soon putrifies. Specimens procured from different substances, appear to vary considerably, even in the dried state, in the quantity of water which they retain. Those which contain the greatest quantity form the least viscid solutions; while those which contain the least, form solutions which are strong and tenacious. Acids dissolve this substance with facility, and form compounds whose properties have not been examined with much care. Alkalies likewise dissolve it
Dr THOMSON found that a concentrated solution of gelatine, yielded, with nitro-muriate of gold, a copious yellowish-white precipitate, soluble by adding water; and, with nitrate of mercury, a very copious curdy precipitate.
When a solution of tannin is dropt into a solution of gelatine, an union takes place, and an insoluble precipitate, of a whitish colour, falls to the bottom. It is on the union of the tannin of the oak bark with the gelatine of the hides, that the process of tanning leather depends.
When exposed to the destructive distillation, it yields a watery liquor, impregnated with ammonia, a fetid oil, and a bulky charcoal, which, by incineration, gives obvious traces of phosphate of lime, and phosphate of soda. It consists of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and azote, in proportions which have not been satisfactorily determined.
Gelatine exists in abundance in the different parts of animals, as bones, muscles, skin, ligaments, membranes, and blood. It is obtained from these substances, by boiling them in warm water; removing the impurities, by skimming, as they rise to the surface; or by subsequent straining and clarifying. It is then boiled to a proper consistency. It is the characteristic ingredient of the softest and most flexible parts of animals.
It is extensively used in the arts, under the names Glue and Size, on account of its adhesive quality, and to give the requisite stiffness to certain articles of manufacture. In domestic economy, it is likewise employed in the form of jelly, and in the formation of various kinds of soup. What is termed Portable Soup is merely jelly, which has been dried, having been previously seasoned, according to the taste, with different spices.
2. Albumen.—This substance derives its name from the Latin term for the white of an egg, that liquid being con-
It is a colourless viscid fluid. When dried at a low temperature, it loses four-fifths of its weight, and assumes the appearance of dried gelatine, possessing, however, a greater degree of transparency.
It is readily soluble in cold water, and the solution changes vegetable blues into green. When the solution is heated to 165° Fahr. the albumen coagulates into a white mass, of considerable consistence, which possesses peculiar properties, to be taken notice of afterwards. When albumen is in a dried or coagulated state, it will continue unchanged for a great length of time; but, when in a liquid state, it soon putrifies. During this process, silver is blackened when brought in contact with it, and the smell likewise indicates the presence of sulphuretted hydrogen. The mineral acids, alcohol and ether, when poured into a solution of albumen, coagulate it, in same manner as heat. The alkalies and earths produce no change. The metallic salts likewise occasion copious precipitates. Dr BOSTOCK found, that a drop of the saturated solution of oxymuriate of mercury, failing into water containing 1/2000th part of its weight of albumen, produced an evident milkiness.
When a solution of tannin is poured into liquid albumen, a copious yellow precipitate falls down, of the consistency of pitch, and insoluble in water; which is formed by the union of the two substances.
Coagulated Albumen was first examined with care by the celebrated HATCHETT *; and several additions have been made to its history by LINK †.
It is insoluble in water, unless when long exposed to its influence; and, even then, only a small portion is taken up,
It is likewise insoluble in alcohol; but, when that liquid is allowed to stand upon it, or to be boiled along with it, it becomes muddy. With sulphuric acid, a brownish-yellow solution is obtained, from which the albumen is precipitated by the addition of water. Nitric and muriatic acids, when assisted by heat, likewise dissolve it; the former changing it into gelatine. Acetic acid has no effect upon it, either hot or cold.
Caustic soda and potash dissolve albumen, when assisted by heat, and form compounds resembling soap. Ammonia produces no effect upon it.
It is considered as consisting of carbon, hydrogen, azote, and oxygen, (the azote in greater quantity than in gelatine,) with traces of soda and sulphur.
Albumen exists in great abundance, both in a coagulated and liquid state, in the different parts of animals. Hair, nails, and horn are composed of it. It appears likewise as a constituent of bone and shells; and there are few of the fluid or soft parts of animals, in which it does not exist in abundance. What has hitherto been termed the Resin of Bile, is, according to BERZELIUS, analogous to albumen.
Albumen is extensively used in the arts. When spread thin on any body, it soon dries, and forms a coating of varnish. Its adhesive power is likewise considerable. When rubbed on leather, it encreases its suppleness. But its chief use is in clarifying liquors. For this purpose, any substance abounding in albumen, as the white of eggs, or the serum of blood, is mixed with the liquid, and the whole heated to near the boiling point. The albumen coagulates, and falls to the bottom, carrying along with it the impurities which were suspended in the fluid, and which rendered it muddy. If the liquor contains alcohol, the application of heat is unnecessary.
3. Fibrin.—This substance is usually procured for examination, from blood or muscle. From the former it is obtained, by repeatedly washing the coagulated part which appears after blood drawn from an animal has been allowed to rest, until the water ceases to extract any thing soluble; that which remains is the fibrin. Muscle yields this substance after repeated macerations in water, the mass being frequently subjected to pressure, in order to expel the blood and other fluids from the pores.
Fibrin is of a white colour, and soft and elastic, previous to its being dried. It powerfully resists putrefaction, and may be kept under water for a great length of time, without undergoing any change. It is insoluble in cold water. In boiling water, it curls up, and, after the ebullition has ceased some hours, the water acquires a milky hue. A portion of the fibrin has been dissolved, which produces, by the addition of tannin, a precipitate of white flocculi. Strong alcohol and ether partially decompose it, converting it into an adipocirous matter.
Acids dissolve fibrin directly, or alter its nature so as to render it soluble in boiling water. Acetic acid dissolves it entirely, and the solution has the appearance of jelly. With the alkalies, fibrin readily combines, and, according to BERZELIUS*, the compound bears no resemblance to soap. From the alkaline solution, the fibrin is thrown down in a more or less altered state by the addition of acids.
When exposed to the destructive distillation, it curls up, then melts, gives out water, carbonate of ammonia, acetic and carbonic acids, a fetid oil, and carburetted hydrogen gas, indicating the presence of nearly the same ingredients as enter into the composition of albumen. The charcoal
which remains is more copious than that which is left by the two preceding substances. It is incinerated with difficulty, as a glassy coating forms on its surface, and excludes the action of the air. The residue consists of the phosphate of soda and lime, together with carbonate of lime. Fibrin we have seen, exists in the blood, and was formerly called the fibrous part of the blood. It likewise exists in all muscles, forming the essential part or basis of these organs. It exhibits many remarkable varieties, as it appears in the flesh of quadrupeds, birds and fishes.
4. Extractive.—When the flesh of an animal is boiled for some time in water, the fibrin and albumen remain, and the solution contains the gelatine and other substances soluble in water. If the solution be evaporated to dryness, and treated with alcohol, the gelatine remains undissolved, and a solution of extractive is obtained. It is the saponaceous extract of meat of ROUELLE, and the osmazome of THENARD.
When freed from the alcohol by evaporation, the extractive is of a reddish-brown colour, semitransparent, has an acrid taste, and an odour similar to the juice of meat. It attracts moisture from the air, and becomes soft. It is soluble in alcohol and water. It is precipitated by the infusion of nut-galls. When heated, it swells, and emits the odour of burning animal matter. Its charcoal affords carbonate of potash. When distilled, it yields ammonia. Its constituent principles appear to be the same with those of the three preceding substances. According to BERZELIUS, it is always combined with the lactate of soda *.
Extractive exists in the muscles of animals, in the blood and in the brain. It communicates the peculiar flavour of meat to soups. In the opinion of FOURCROY, the brown crust of roasted meat consists of it.
The four substances which we have now enumerated, constitute the soft parts of animals, and enter into the composition of the hard parts and of the fluids. They are readily distinguishable from one another. Extractive alone is soluble in alcohol; gelatine is insoluble in cold, but soluble in hot water; albumen is soluble in cold, and insoluble in hot water; and fibrin is equally insoluble in hot and cold water. They are variously mixed or united, and as they consist of the same elementary principles, chiefly carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and azote, it is probable that they are changed, the one into the other, in many cases, by the living principle,—a transmutation which the chemist has succeeded in accomplishing, and which may soon be of advantage in the arts. The proportion of carbon appears to be least in gelatine, and greatest in fibrin *.
The following substances, which occur in the composition of animals, are not so exclusively distributed, although equally entitled to our attentive consideration.
5. Mucus.—This term has been applied to various secreted fluids, whose properties differ considerably from one another. Hence the greatest uncertainty prevails respecting the characters common to all kinds of mucus, and those which distinguish particular varieties or species. The following characters are assigned by BERZELIUS to the mucus of the saliva and of the nose, which we shall quote in his own words, for the purpose of avoiding mistakes.
" The mucus of the saliva† is readily procured by mixing saliva with distilled water, from which the mucus
gradually subsides, and it may then be collected on the filter and washed. In this state it is white, and would seem to contain phosphate of lime mixed with it. The mucus is quite insoluble in water*; it becomes transparent and horny in the acetic, sulphuric and muriatic acids, but does not dissolve in them, and the alkalies separate nothing from them. The mucus, therefore, contains no earthy phosphate, though its appearance would lead to suspect this earthy salt. It dissolves in caustic alkali, and is again separated from it by the acids. A small proportion escapes the action of the alkali, but yields to muriatic acid, and is not separable from this acid, by an excess of alkali. The mucus of the saliva is very easily incinerated; and though no phosphate of lime is detected in it by the acids in its natural state, a considerable portion of phosphate appears in the ash after combustion."
The mucus of the nose presents the following properties: "Immersed in water, it imbibes so much moisture as to become transparent, excepting a few particles that remain opaque; it may then be separated by the filter from the rest of the water, and may be further dried on blotting paper, till it has again lost nearly the whole of the moisture it had imbibed. Mucus thus dried will again absorb water when immersed in it, and resume its transparency; and this alternate wetting and drying may be repeated an indefinite number of times, but it thus gradually becomes yellowish and more resembling pus. Five parts of recent mucus absorbed by 95 parts of water, produce a glairy mass which will not pour from a vessel. When mucus is boiled with water, it does not become horny, nor does it coagulate; the violent motion of ebullition rends it in pieces, but
* This was considered by Dr BOSTOCK as albumen, and his mucus appears to be the Peculiar Matter of the saliva of BERZELIUS.
when the boiling is discontinued, it is found collected again at the bottom of the vessel, and nearly as mucous as before. I should observe, however, that this mucus naturally contains a little albumen, which must first be extracted by cold water, to enable the remaining mucus to exhibit the above mentioned appearances. The nasal mucous matter dissolves in diluted sulphuric acid; when the acid is concentrated, the mucus is carbonized. Nitric acid at first coagulates it, a number of yellow spots being dispersed through the coagulum; but by continuing the digestion it softens, and it finally dissolves into a clear yellow liquid, containing none of that yellow substance which I have described under Fibrin.
" Acetous acid hardens mucous matter, but without dissolving it, even in a boiling heat. Caustic alkali, at first, renders mucous matter more viscous, and afterwards dissolves it into a limpid flowing liquid. Tannin coagulates mucus, both when softened by the absorption of water, and when dissolved either in an acid or an alkali."
This substance occurs in a liquid state in the animal economy, as a protecting covering to different organs. It necessarily differs in its qualities, according to the purposes it is destined to serve. In the nose, it defends the organ of smell from the drying influence of the air,—in the bladder, it protects the interior from the contact of the acid urine,— while it preserves the gall-bladder from the action of alkaline bile. It does not contain any suspended particles like the blood, but is homogeneous *. When inspissated, it constitutes, in the opinion of some, the basis of the epidermis, horns, nails, feathers. But the difficulty of obtaining it in a pure state, and the discordant characters assigned to it by different chemists, prevent us from reposing confidence in
the accuracy of the analysis of those substances, of which it is considered as forming an essential ingredient.
6. Urea.—This substance is usually procured from human urine by the following process: Evaporate the urine to the consistence of a thick syrup, which concretes into a crystalline mass as it cools. Let this be treated with four times its weight of alcohol, at different times, assisted by a gentle heat, and the greater part will be dissolved. By evaporating this solution to a syrupy consistence, the urea remains, and, as it cools, appears in the form of yellowish-white shining laminæ, crossing each other in different directions. According to Dr PROUT, it may be obtained in a state of still greater purity by the following process: "To the extract of urine evaporated to the consistence of a syrup, nitric acid is to be gradually added until the whole is converted to a crystalline mass, which is to be slightly washed with cold water. The nitric acid is then neutralized by a solution of subcarbonate of potash or soda, and the solution evaporated, in order that the nitrate of potash or soda may crystallise, and be thus separated. The fluid which is left is made into a paste with animal charcoal; cold water separates the urea from this paste in a colourless state; it is to be evaporated to dryness, and the mass digested in alcohol, which takes up the urea alone, leaving the saline bodies or other extraneous matters; and from the alcoholic solution, the urea may be obtained pure and in the crystallised state, although it is often necessary to repeat the crystallisation from the alcohol, two or three times *."
When prepared according to this last method, its crystals assume the form of a four-sided prism, transparent and colourless, with a slightly pearly lustre, sp. gr. 1.35. It has a peculiar but not urinous odour, and undergoes no
change from the atmosphere, except a slight deliquescence in very damp weather. In a strong heat it melts, and is partly decomposed, and partly sublimed without change. It is very soluble in water and alcohol. The fixed alkalies and alkaline earths decompose it; it unites with most of the metallic oxides, and forms crystalline compounds with the nitric and oxalic acids.
Urea is readily decomposed by boiling its solution in water, and supplying new water as it evaporates. Carbonate of ammonia is disengaged,—acetic acid is formed, and some charcoal precipitated. It is considered as containing a greater quantity of azote than any of the animal principles already enumerated. Its ingredients have been variously estimated, owing to the impurity of the urea, and the imperfection of the art of analysing animal principles. Dr PROUT and M. BERARD give its contents as follows:
Urea exists in the urine of the mammalia, when in a state of health. In the human subject, it is less abundant after a meal, and nearly disappears in the disease called Diabetes, and in affections of the liver.
7. Sugar.—This well known substance exists in considerable abundance in milk, and in the urine of persons labouring under Diabetes. In the latter fluid, it is to be considered as a morbid secretion of the kidneys, occupying the natural situation of the urea. In milk, however, it exists as a constituent principle, and may readily be obtained by the following process: Evaporate fresh whey to the consistence of honey, dissolve it in water, clarify with the whites of eggs, and again evaporate to the consis-
tence of syrup. On cooling, white cubical crystals will be obtained. It is less sweet than vegetable sugar, and the empyreumatic oil which it yields by distillation, has a smell resembling benzoic acid. The following analyses by GAY LUSAC, THENARD, and BERZELIUS, exhibit its composition:
According to BERZELIUS, it contains more carbon and less oxygen than common sugar. Dr PROUT, however, obtained from diabetic sugar, and sugar of milk,—results so nearly similar to those afforded by common sugar, when submitted to the same mode of analysis, that he regards them all as essentially the same substances, affected a little in their external characters, by small quantities of some extraneous substance. He states the result as follows: Hydrogen 6.66 + carbon 39.99 + oxygen 53.33 =100.00 †.
Honey, which resembles sugar in many of its properties, can scarcely be regarded as a product of the animal kingdom.
8. Oils.—The different bodies found in animals, referable to this division, vary greatly as to colour, consistence, smell, and other characters. They possess, however, in common, the properties of the fixed oils, in being liquid, either naturally or when exposed to a gentle heat, insoluble in water and alcohol, leaving a greasy stain upon paper, and in being highly combustible.
It is difficult to determine whether there is an oily principle, to which all the different kinds of oils owe their primary character, or whether there are as many different principles as there are species of oils. The important experiments of M. CHEVREUL "On Fatty Bodies*," countenance the latter opinion. The products of the saponification of the different kinds of fatty bodies, exhibited peculiar characters by which they could be recognised, varying according to the substances from which they were extracted. These products, it must be added, were the result of decomposition, and their characters, consequently, convey but imperfect information, concerning the natural condition of the principles of animal oils.
Fatty matter occurs in the animal system occupying very different situations. In ruminating animals, it adheres chiefly to the intestines; in seals and whales, it is seated under the skin; while in fishes it is chiefly found in the cells of the liver, and among the muscles. In all cases, it appears to be a product of secretion, and to serve as a store of nourishment, being most abundant, when the animal is furnished with a copious supply of food, and gradually diminishing in quantity as the food becomes scarcer, and disappearing when, from want, a lingering death has been produced.
1. Spermaceti.—This substance constitutes the principal part of the brain of the whale, called Physeter macrocephalus. It is freed from the oil which accompanies it, by draining and squeezing, and afterwards by the employment of an alkaline lye which saponifies the remainder. It is
It is usually in the form of glossy white flakes, semitransparent and friable. It melts at 112°, and may be distilled without experiencing great change. About 150 parts of boiling alcohol dissolve 1 of spermaceti, which is again deposited as the solution cools.
2. Ambergrease.—This substance is of a whitish colour, brittle, adheres like wax to the edge of the knife with which it is scraped. Its specific gravity varies from 780 to 926 At 122° it melts, and at 212° it is volatilized. It is insoluble in water. Alcohol, and the volatile oils, dissolve it. With alkalies it forms a soap soluble in water. According to BOUILLON LA GRANGE, it is composed of
It is found in the intestines of the spermaceti whale, and in those only which are in a sickly state. It appears to be the excrement altered by long retention in the intestines, and therefore scarcely merits a place among the natural ingredients of the animal system. Upon being voided by the animal, it floats on the surface of the sea, and has been found in various quarters of the globe. It usually contains the beaks of cuttle-fish adhering to it.
3. Fat.—Fat is usually purified by separating the vessels and membranes which adhere to it, by repeatedly washing with cold water, and afterwards melting it along with boiling water. Still, however, it consists of two substances, suet and oil. CHEVREUL attempted to separate them, by
the action of boiling alcohol, which deposits, on cooling, the suet, and retains the oil. The suet he has termed stearin, and the oil elain. BRACONNOT effected their separation by a much more simple process. He pressed the fatty or oily matter, rendered sufficiently solid by cold, between folds of soft paper. The oil is imbibed and the fat remains. To free it from the remainder of the oil, the fat is melted with a little oil of turpentine to dilute the oil, and again pressed in paper. The oil is easily extracted from the paper by boiling water. The suet or stearin, when thus obtained, is dry and brittle, with a shining lustre, and resembles spermaceti. It melts at from 130° to 140° F, It is sparingly soluble in alcohol and ether. All fatty substances consist of different proportions of suet and oil. Butter contains from 40 to 65 per cent, of suet; hogs-lard 38 per cent.; and marrow about 76 per cent.
The fat of ruminating animals is termed tallow, and is hard and brittle, while the fat of the hog, called lard, is soft and semifluid. Its uses as an article of food,—in the making of candles, hard-soap, and ointments, and to diminish friction, are well known.
4. Oil.—The various properties of the different kinds of oils, depend, in a great degree, on the mode of preparation, with the exception of the odour, which arises from the kind of animal from which the oil has been derived. Spermaceti oil is considered as the thinnest of the animal oils, and the fittest for burning in lamps. It is obtained from the spermaceti, by draining and pressure. Train oil is procured by melting the blubber, or external layer of fat, found underneath the skin of different kinds of whales and seals. From the process employed, it contains, besides the oil, gelatine, albumen, and other animal matters, which render it thick, dark-coloured, and disposed to become rancid. Fish-oil is sometimes ex-
tracted from the entire fish, (as the sprat, pilchard, and herring, when they occur in too great quantities to be salted,) by boiling in water, and skimming off the oil as it appears on the surface. In general, however, the oil is obtained from the livers of fish, in which it is lodged in cells. As it cannot be procured completely from livers by mere boiling, they are allowed to become a little putrid, that the oil may be more readily extricated, by the rupturing of the cells. But, along with the oil, various impurities are likewise obtained, such as bile, and gelatinous matter; and as these afterwards putrify, they communicate a disagreeable fetid odour to the oil. This fetid smell is greatly heightened by the charring of the oil in the bottom of the boilers, and the consequent production of the empyreumatic odour.
Various methods have been recommended in order to free train and fish oils from the impurities with which they are contaminated. It is obvious, from the nature of these impurities, that they may be in part be removed, by churning the oil along with cold, and afterwards with boiling water. But for the complete purification of oil, other methods, more complicated and expensive, have been resorted to. "If it be agitated with a little sulphuric acid, and then mixed with water, the oil, when allowed to settle, swims on the surface, of a much lighter colour than before; the water continues milky, and a curdy matter is observed swimming between the oil and the water*."
In the year 1761, Robert Dossie, Esq. communicated to the Society for the Encouragement of Arts and Manufactures, various processes for the edulcoration of fish oil, and obtained from the Society a bounty of one hundred pounds. The account of these methods, which are still
considered the best which have been devised, is published in the twentieth volume of their Transactions, pp. 209,–239 *.
* As many readers may not have access to this work, I shall here transcribe the different processes.
"Take an ounce of chalk in powder, and half an ounce of lime slacked by exposure to the air; put them into a gallon of stinking oil, and, having mixed them well together by stirring, add half a pint of water, and mix that also with them by the same means. When they have stood an hour or two, repeat the stirring, and continue the same treatment at convenient intervals, for two or three days; after which, superadd a pint and a half of water, in which an ounce of salt is dissolved, and mix them as the other ingredients, repeating the stirring, as before, for a day or two. Let the whole then stand at rest, and the water will sink below the oil, and the chalk subside in it to the bottom of the vessel."
"Take a gallon of crude stinking oil, or rather such as has been prepared as above mentioned, and add to it an ounce of powdered chalk; stir them well together, several times, as in the preceding process: and after they have been mixed some hours, or a whole day, add an ounce of pearl-ashes, dissolved in four ounces of water, and repeat the stirring as before. After they have been so treated for some hours, put in a pint of water, in which two ounces of salt are dissolved, and proceed as before: the oil and brine will separate on standing some days, and the oil will be greatly improved both in smell and colour. When a greater purity is required, the quantity of pearl-ashes must be increased, and the time before the addition of the salt and water prolonged."—" If the same operation is repeated several times, diminishing each time the quantity of ingredients one half, the oil may be brought to a very light colour, and rendered equally sweet in smell with the common spermaceti oil."
The third process, "To purify fish-oil with the assistance of heat, where the greatest purity is required.
Take a gallon of crude stinking oil, and mix with it a quarter of an ounce of powdered chalk, a quarter of an ounce of lime slacked in the air, and half a pint of water; stir them together; and when they have stood some hours, add a pint of water and two ounces of pearl ashes, and place them over a fire that will just keep them simmering till the oil appears of a light amber colour, and has lost all smell except a hot, greasy, soap-like scent. Then superadd half a pint of water, in which an ounce of salt has been dissolved; and having boiled them half an hour, pour them into a proper vessel, and let them stand till the separation of the oil, water, and lime be made, as in the preceding process."— "If the oil be required yet more pure, treat it after it is separated from the water, &c. according to the second process, with an ounce of chalk, a quarter of an ounce of pearl ashes, and half an ounce of salt."
The fourth process, "Which may be practised alone, instead of process the first, as it will edulcorate and purify fish-oil to a considerable degree, so as to answer most purposes, and for process the third, when the whole is performed.
Take a gallon of crude stinking oil, and put it to a pint of water poured off from two ounces of lime slacked in the air; let them stand together, and stir them up several times for the first twenty-four hours; then let them stand a day, and the lime water will sink below the oil, which must be carefully separated from them. Take this oil, if not sufficiently purified for your purpose, and treat it as directed in process the third, diminishing the quantity of pearl-ashes to one ounce, and omitting the lime and chalk." —See, likewise, some judicious observations in "SCORESBY'S Account of the Arctic Regions, vol. ii. p. 408,—432.
As these impurities are chiefly contracted in the preparation of the oil, from the blubber and livers, it would be of consequence to examine, how far the various processes which have been recommended, might be employed with advantage, by the original manufacturer; or rather to devise means by which the oil might be extracted, without, at the same time, obtaining along with it, those substances which render it too thick for burning in lamps, and disagreeable on account of its smell.
Many other substances secreted by different animals, deserve to be enumerated in this place, such as Castor, Civet, and Musk, but their characters are too imperfectly ascertained, to enable us to go into detail. The facts known concerning them, will be given when treating of the organs in which they are formed.
9. Acids.—The acids which we have now to enumerate, consist of various proportions of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen
or azote. Some of them are peculiar to the animal kingdom, others exist in equal abundance in plants.
A. Uric Acid.—This acid, which has likewise been termed Lithic, exists in considerable abundance in urine, and in urinary calculi. It is likewise found in the excrements of birds, reptiles and insects. In all the situations in which it is found, it appears to be a production of the kidneys, or organs exercising an analogous function.
B. Lactic Acid.—This acid, which the French chemists endeavoured to prove to be the same with the acetic acid, is ascertained by BERZELIUS to be a peculiar acid*. It is of very general occurrence in the animal fluids, in combination with soda or ammonia. It is found uncombined in muscular flesh.
C. Amniotic Acid.—This substance was discovered in the liquor amnii of the cow, by VAUQUELIN and BUNIVA, and obtained in white crystals by evaporating that liquid slowly. It is soluble in heated water, and alcohol, and bears the nearest resemblance in its properties to the two acids which have been enumerated. Dr PROUT did not succeed in finding this substance in the uterus of a cow slaughtered in an early period of her gestation†.
D. Formic Acid.—This acid is obtained by infusing ants in water, and drawing it off by distillation. The water in the receiver contains the formic acid. By some, it is regarded as analogous to the acetic acid, and by others, as a mixture of the acetic and malic acids.
The preceding acids are peculiar to the animal kingdom; those now to be enumerated are likewise found in the juices of plants.
F. Oxalic Acid.—This acid has hitherto been found only in certain urinary calculi in union with lime.
H. Malic Acid.—This acid has hitherto been found in company with the formic acid, in the liquor obtained from the red ant.
In this short enumeration of the principles which enter into the composition of animals, we perceive that carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and azote, are found in the greatest abundance. By combining in different proportions, they exhibit a great variety of separate substances. The earthy salts are likewise abundant; and when they occur in a separate state, they strengthen the albuminous framework, and form the skeleton, giving stability to the body, and acting as levers to the muscles. The alkaline salts occur in the greatest abundance in the secreted fluids.
These different principles, variously modified and mixed, constitute the different parts of the animal frame. These have been divided into two kinds,—Fluids and Solids.
The fluids consist of those juices which are obtained from our food and drink, such as the chyle, and are termed crude; of the blood, prepared from the crude fluids, and destined to communicate to every part of the body, the nourishment which it requires, and of those fluids which are separated from the blood in the course of circulation, such as the bile, and termed Secreted Fluids. These are all contained in appropriate vessels, and are subject to motion and change.
The Solids are derived from the fluids, and are usually divided into the soft and hard. The soft solids consist
chiefly of what is termed animal matter, of combinations of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and azote. They consist of fibres, which are usually grouped into faggots; of plates, which, crossing one another in various directions, give rise to a cellular structure, or of a uniform pulpy mass.
The fibrous texture may be observed in all the muscles, tendons, and ligaments, and in the bones of many animals, especially before birth. These fibres, however minutely divided, do not appear to be hollow, like those of the Vegetable Kingdom.
The cellular texture is universally distributed in the form of membranes, which invest every organ, the bundles of fibres in every muscle; and, by forming tubes, with the addition of the fibrous texture, constitute the containing vessels. This substance gives form to all the different parts, and is that particular portion which is first formed, and which constitutes the frame, on and within which the other materials of the system are deposited. It readily expands by the increase of its contents; and, with equal ease, contracts when the distending cause is removed.
The pulpy texture is confined to the brain and nerves, the liver, kidneys, and other secreting organs of the system. Its composition appears to the eye homogeneous, and its form is regulated by its cellular envelope.
These soft solids are alone capable of possessing the faculty of sensation. By their aid, the nervous energy is exerted on the different parts of the body; and, through them, the impressions of external objects are received.
The hard solids consist either of cartilage, which resembles, in its qualities, coagulated albumen, or of bone, formed by various combinations of earthy salts. They are destitute of sensation, and are chiefly employed in defending the system from injury, giving it the requisite stability, and assisting the muscles in the execution of their movements.
The proportion between the solids and fluids, is not only remarkably different in different species, but in the same species in the various stages of growth.
Having now taken a general view of the substances which enter into the composition of animal bodies, and the various textures or tissues which these form, it is our intention to proceed to consider the frame itself, and to examine the various organs, or system of organs, of which it consists, and the uses to which these are subservient in the animal economy. The order in which we proceed, may appear to be deficient in logical precision; but it is impossible to investigate the organs, in connection with their functions, without adopting a method in some degree arbitrary. The skin, however, obviously demands our first attention.
WHEN treating of the characters by which organized bodies might be distinguished from inorganic matter, it was stated, that the former always possess a skin or common integument. This organ, as it exists in animals, is now to be the subject of our consideration.
Animals present remarkable differences with regard to the size, the shape, and the number of their parts; but they all agree in possessing an exterior covering, or skin, to modify their surface, regulate their form, and protect them from the action of the surrounding elements. In the more perfect animals, this organ consists of the following parts:
1. The Cuticle.—This is likewise termed Epidermis, or Scarf-skin, and appears to be common to all animals. It constitutes the exterior layer of the skin, and covers not only those parts which are exposed to the influence of the atmosphere, or the waters, but the different openings of the extremities of the vessels, and lines the central surface of these with a coating, varying inits nature according to the functions of the organ which it is destined to protect. It is destitute of bloodvessels, nerves, and fibres, and usually consists of thin transparent membrane, possessing little tenacity. Various pores may be observed on its surface, which are the mouths of the vessels of the inner layers of the skin; and it is variously marked by grooves or ridges, depending on the inequalities of the surface which it covers.
It resists putrefaction for a great length of time; and may easily be obtained in a separate state from the other members, by maceration in water. It likewise separates from the inferior layers, and becomes very obvious in the case of blisters. Alcohol loosens its connection with the inner layers very readily, in many of the inferior animals, such as the earth-worm. So far as it has hitherto been subjected to chemical experiment, it appears to consist of coagulated albumen.
The cuticle exists before birth; and may be observed thickest on those places destined to be exposed to the greatest friction; such as the palms of the hands and the soles of the feet. After birth, it is speedily renewed on parts which have been wounded, or increased in thickness in those places which are frequently subjected to pressure. It is almost constantly undergoing changes. It exfoliates in the form of scales, from our own heads and from the skin of
horses; in the form of powder, from the skins of parrots; and entire like a sheath, from serpents and the caterpillars of insects.
The cuticle exhibits very remarkable differences in regard to consistence. In those animals which live on the land, it is more rigid in its texture, and scaly and dry on its surface, than in those which reside in the water. In aquatic animals, it is in general smooth, often pliable; and, in many cases, its texture is so soft and delicate, that it appears like mucus. It assumes, likewise, other appearances, such as scales, nails, shells and plates, which deserve the attentive consideration of the naturalist, as furnishing him with important characters for the arrangement of animals.
2. Mucous web.—This has been named in honour of the discoverer rete Malpighii: and likewise corpus mucosum, or rete mucosum. It occurs immediately underneath the cuticle, from which, in general, it may be easily disjoined, but it is often so closely attached to the true skin below, as not to be separated even by maceration in water.
It presents more obvious appearances of organization than the cuticle, and consists of soft vascular tissue. It varies in thickness in different species, and even in different parts of the same individual. It is regenerated more slowly than the cuticle, at least its colour, after an injury, is more pale, inclining to white. In the parts of those animals which have been reproduced after amputation, as the head and horns of snails, the new portions seldom present the same intensity of colour as the old ones. Its chemical constitution is unknown. It is more or less coloured, according to the species or variety; and, indeed, is that portion of the skin in which the colour resides. In man, the other layers of the integuments are transparent or colourless; while this layer is white in the European, black in the Ethiopian, and copper-coloured in the American.
It has been supposed by some, that this layer owes it colour to the action of the solar rays; but as it is often found coloured in those parts secluded from the light, into which it enters along with the cuticle, such as the palate, tongue and ears, we must attempt to trace its origin to some other cause. BLUMENBACH refers the colour to carbon, precipitated on the mucus, and combining with it. The proofs, however, are still wanting, of the presence of this ingredient in the particular state of colour which charcoal exhibits. Were the mucous membrane always found either colourless or black, we might be induced to admit the colouring matter to be charcoal; but when this layer, in different animals, exhibits all the tints of the prismatic spectrum, we are inclined to reject the explanation as hypothetical, and wait the result of more decisive experiments. Dr BEDDOES, and afterwards FOURCROY, ascertained, that oxymuriatic acid deprived the skin of a negro of its black colour; but in a few days it returned with its former intensity. That the colour depends on an animal oil secreted by the true skin, is, perhaps, the most plausible conjecture which can be advanced on the subject.
This layer of the skin occurs not only in the warm-blooded animals, but, perhaps, in all the inferior classes*. CUVIER conjectures, that the shell of molluscous animals and the crust of lobsters, and other crustacea, occupy the place of this layer, as they are in immediate contact with the cuticle. But as these parts are employed as organs of protection and of support to the muscles, purposes to which the mucous web is never applied in its most perfect state, analogy appears in opposition to the conjecture.
* It is necessary to add, that the existence of this layer is even denied by some.—Edin. Phil. Journ. i. p. 213.
vera, or true skin. It lies immediately underneath the cuticle and mucous web. It is usually destitute of colour. It consistsin some animals, as quadrupeds, of solid fibres, which cross one another in every possible direction, and form a substance capable of considerable extensibility and elasticity. In the cetacea, the fibres are arranged vertically, and exhibit an appearance not unlike a section of the sessile boleti. In fishes, it is more uniform in its texture; and in some cases appears a homogeneous gelatinous membrane. It is more obviously organized, than the two members by which it is covered. Bloodvessels and nerves penetrate its substance, and may be observed forming a very delicate net-work on its surface.
The peripheral surface of this layer, is in close contact with the mucous web, from which it is with difficulty detached. When viewed separately, it presents numerous inequalities, which give to the euticle the appearance of angular compartments on the back of the human hand, and curved ridges on the palms. When this surface is more minutely examined, it appears covered with numerous tubercles, varying in shape and size according to the species or the functions of the different parts. By macerating the corium for some days in water, the structure of these tubercles may be perceived. Each consists of a pencil of fibres, united at their base. When the central fibres are longest, the tubercle is conical; when of equal lengths, the summit is flat.
This portion of the corium has been characterised by a particular name. It is called Corpus papillare, and villous surface of the skin. It is most obvious in those parts which possess, in the greatest perfection, the sense of touch. It is generally supposed, that the nervous filaments, connected with that faculty, terminate in these tubercles. They are depressed when not in action, but become erect on the application of any stimulant.
This villous surface is observable on the skin, in almost all quadrupeds. It is found in the soles of the feet only, in birds and reptiles. In fishes and the inferior animals, its existence has not been satisfactorily ascertained.
The corium may be observed in quadrupeds, birds, reptiles and fishes. It is less distinct in the mollusca and crustacea; and in the animals of the lower orders, it has not been detected.
From the experiments which have been made, to ascertain the composition of the corium, it appears to consist chiefly of gelatine. Hence it is that part which is employed in the manufacture of glue. In the thin, soft, flexible hides, the gelatine does not possess the same degree of viscidity, as in those of more rigid texture; and the glue obtained from such, is proportionally weak.
It has already been stated, that gelatine unites with tannin, forming a substance which is insoluble in water. It is to this combination that leather owes its peculiar properties. The skin is prepared for being converted into leather, by maceration in water or lime-water, in order to remove the cuticle and hairs. The tannin is obtained from oak-bark, by infusion in water. The cleansed skin, now consisting chiefly of gelatine, upon being placed in this infusion, unites with the tannin. The strength of the leather depends on the strength of the hides; the more rigid these are, the more tough and durable is the leather which they furnish.
4. Muscular web.—This is likewise termed Panniculus carnosus. It varies greatly in its appearance according to the motions which the skin and its appendices are destined to perform. It consists of a layer of muscles, the extremities of whose fibres are inserted into the corium externally, and adhere to the body internally in various directions. This layer is very obvious, in the hedgehog and the poreru-
pine, to assist in rolling up the body and moving the spines, and in birds, in the erection of their feathers. In man, it can scarcely be said to exist, unless in the upper parts, where cutaneous muscles may be observed, destined for moving the skin of the face, cheeks and head. In the skin of the frog, the only cutaneous muscles which can be observed, are seated under the throat; the skin on the other parts of the body being loose and unconnected with the parts beneath.
The use of this layer of the integument, is to corrugate the skin, and elevate the hairs, feathers or spines with which it is furnished.
5. Cellular web.—This forms the innermost layer of the common integuments, and rests immediately on the flesh of the body. It consists of plates crossing one another in different directions, and forming a cellular membrane, varying in its thickness, tenacity and contents, according to the species. In frogs it does not exist. The cells of this membrane are filled with various substances, according to the nature of the animal. In general, they contain fat, as in quadrupeds and birds. In some of these, the layer is interrupted, as in the ruminating animals, while it is continuous in others, as the boar and the whale. In birds, while a part of this web is destined for the reception of fat, other portions are receptacles for air. In the moon-fish, the contained matter resembles albumen in its chemical characters.
Where this layer of subcutaneous fat is of considerable thickness, the sensibility of the skin above is greatly diminished. Hence, it is considered as destined to weaken the impressions of external injuries, and to protect against the effect of the changes of temperature in the surrounding element. But it is subservient to more important purposes in the animal economy. The cells are the magazines, into
which the superfluous nourishment is conveyed in the form of fat, to be again absorbed according to the wants of the body. Hence, the cells are nearly empty and collapsed, in animals scantily supplied with food. The air-cells of birds give additional buoyancy to their bodies; and, therefore, assist them in their flight.
Having examined the structure of the different layers of the skin, we now proceed to consider the appendices with which it is furnished, and by which it is fitted for a variety of purposes in the animal economy.
1. Hairs.—With the general appearance of hair, every one is familiarly acquainted; but its peculiar structure and mode of growth, have seldom been attentively examined by the zoologist, although they furnish important characters for the discrimination of species.
Hairs differ remarkably not only in their structure, but likewise in their situation. In some cases, they appear to be merely filamentous prolongations of the cuticle, and subject to all its changes. This is obviously the case with the hair which covers the bodies of many caterpillars, and which separates along with the cuticle, when the animal is said to cast its skin. Such cuticular hairs are likewise found on many shells, such as the Helix rufescens, hispida and spinulosa, the Arca lactca, and Pectunculus pilosus.
In true hair, the root is in the form of a bulb, taking its rise in the cellular web. Each bulb consists of two parts, an external, which is vascular, and from which the hair probably derives its nourishment; and an internal, which is membranous, and forms a tube or sheath to the hair, during its passage through the other layers of the skin. From this bulb, and enveloped by this membrane, the hair
passes through the corium, mucous web and cuticle. It usually raises up small scales of this last layer, which soon become dry and fall off, but do not form the external covering of the hair, as some have supposed.
The hair itself consists of an external horny covering, and a central vascular part, termed medulla or pith. This horny covering consists of numerous filaments placed laterally, to which different kinds of hair owe their striated appearance. These filaments appear to be of unequal lengths; those nearest the centre being longest; and, consequently, the hair assumes the form of an elongated cone, with its base seated in the skin. This form gives to the hair that peculiar property, on which the operation of felting depends.
When we take hold of a hair by the base with the fingers of one hand, and draw it between two of the fingers of the other, from the root towards the point, it feels smooth to the touch; but if we reverse its position, and draw it between the fingers from the point to the root, we feel its surface rough, and it offers a considerable resistance. The surface of the hair must, therefore, consist of eminences pointing to the distal extremity. In consequence of this structure of the surface, if a hair is seized at the middle between two fingers, and rubbed by them, the root will gradually recede, while the point of the hair will approach the fingers; in other words, the hair will exhibit a progressive motion in the direction of the root, the imbricated surface preventing all motion in the opposite direction.
It is owing to this state of the surface of hairs, that woollen cloth, however soft and pliable, excites a disagreeable sensation of the skin, in those not accustomed to wear it. It likewise irritates sores, by these asperities, and excites inflammation. The surface of linen cloth, on the other hand, feels smooth, because the fibres of which it consists, possess
If a quantity of wool be spread upon a table, covered with a linen cloth, and pressed down, in different directions, it is obvious that each hair will begin to move in the direction of its root, as if it had been rubbed between the fingers. The different hairs, thus moving in every direction, become interwoven with each other, and unite into a continuous mass. This is the felt with which hats are made. Curled hairs entwine themselves with one another more closely than those which are straight, though flexible, as they do not, like these, recede from the point of pressure in a straight line: and hence hatters employ various methods to produce curl in the short fur of rabbits, hares, and moles, which they employ. This is accomplished, chiefly, by applying the solution of certain metallic salts to the fur, by a brush; so that, when the hairs dry, the surface which was moistened, contracts more than the other, and produces the requisite curve.
Hair which has been pulled from the skin, is not so fit for felting as that which has been cut by the shears. In the former case, the bulb, at the base, offers considerable resistance to the motion of the hair. This is the reason why even the short furs are cut off by sharp instruments.
Although straight hairs do not form so close and continuous a felt as curled hairs, from their tendency to procede in a straight line, in the direction of the root; yet this property is of great advantage to the hatter. He spreads over the surface of his coarser cloth, a quantity of fine straight fur; and, by pressure, these fine hairs move inwards in the direction of their roots, and thus form a coating; the base of the hairs being inserted in the cloth, while the extremities are free.
It is owing to the asperities of the surface of hair, that the spinning of wool is so difficult. This is, in a great measure, removed, by besmearing it with oil, by which the inequalities are filled up; or, at least, the asperities become less sensible. When the wool is made into cloth, it is necessary to remove the oil, which is done by the process of fulling. The cloth is placed in a trough, with water and clay, and agitated for some time. The oil is removed by the clay and water; while the agitation, acting like pressure, brings the hairs into closer union, and the cloth is taken out, not only cleansed, but felted. The hairs of every thread entwine themselves with those which are contiguous; so that the cloth may be cut without being subject to ravel. It is to this tendency to felt, that woollen cloth, and stockings, increase in density, and contract in dimensions, by being washed. In many places, woollen stuffs are felted, on a small scale, by placing them in running water, or under cascades; and the Zetlanders expose them to the motions of the tides, in narrow inlets of the sea.
The colour of the peripheral tube exhibits very remarkable differences. By some naturalists, the colour is considered as depending on the fluids contained in the pith; while, according to others, the seat of colour is in the horny covering itself. The truth of the latter opinion, in certain cases, at least, is obvious, by the inspection of the largest hairs or spines of the porcupine, in which the pith is white, while the horny covering is partly coloured. The supporters of the former opinion contend, that the central part alone is vascular, and endowed with vitality, as is demonstrated in the disease termed Plica Polonica, in which the hair bleeds, when cut; that grief and anxiety have been known to change the colour of the hair, by influencing, as is supposed, the colouring secretions of the central vessels;
and that the colour changes with age, and, in some animals, with the season, without any apparent change in the horny covering. These arguments we consider as conclusive in favour of the opinion which supposes the colour to depend chiefly on the fluids of the contained vessels, and would lead us to infer, that the structure of the central parts of slender hairs is different from that of the stronger kinds, termed Spines. Indeed it has been ascertained, that the pith of the bristles of the wild boar, form two canals; and, in the whiskers of the seal, one canal may be distinctly perceived.
In general, there is a close connection between the colour of the hair, and that of the mucous web. This is displayed in those animals which are spotted; in which the colour of the skin is generally variegated like that of the hair.
Hairs differ remarkably in form. In general they are round. Frequently on the body, they are thickest in the middle. Sometimes they are flat, or two-edged; and, in the whiskers of seals, they are waved on the margins. In many animals, they are long and straight; while, in others, they are crisped, and are then termed Wool. When stiff, they are termed Bristles; and, when inflexible, Spines. They obtain particular names, according to this situation, as beard, eye-lashes, and whiskers. In general, the motions of the hair depend on the movements of the muscular web. In some cases, however, small muscular fibres may be traced to the bulb of the root, by means of which, particular movements may be executed.
Hairs grow by the roots. In some species, they are renewed annually; and, in all, they are readily reproduced. They are the most truly electrical of animal substances. They are probably nourished by capillary attraction, and the supply regulated by the moisture or dryness of the atmosphere.
Hair is found on all the mammalia, whales not excepted; differing greatly, however, in quantity, according to the species, but always most abundant on the parts most exposed. and on those animals which inhabit cold countries. It is found, along with feathers, on different parts of the body of birds, chiefly, however, on the head and neck. It is absent in the reptiles, fishes, and mollusca; but it may be observed on many annulose animals, and even zoophytes, in which it acts the part of an organ of motion.
Of all the substances consisting of animal matter, hair is the most permanent, resisting putrefaction for a great length of time. According to the experiments of HATCHETT, it consists of gelatine and coagulated albumen. VAUQUELIN detected two kinds of oil; one of which was found to vary in colour, according to the colour of the hair from which it was extracted; black hair yielding a black oil; the other always white, without regard to the original colour of the hair. Hair likewise contains iron, oxide of manganese, phosphate and carbonate of lime, silica, and sulphur.
2. Feathers.—As nearly related to hairs in the animal economy, in regard to situation, composition, and purpose, we may here take notice of the plumage of birds.
The quill takes its rise, like the hair, in the cellular membrane, and passes through a tubular opening in the other layers of the skin, which generally exhibit a duplicature at its base, forming a short sheath. The edges and outer side of the distal part of the quill unite with the proximal end of the shaft, leaving a small opening in the middle of the inner side.
The shaft consist of a cuticular layer of matter similar to the substance of the quill; and a central portion, of a while colour; and with a texture like cork. The outer side is in
general slightly convex; the inner nearly flat, with a groove in the middle; and the whole tapering to a point at the distal extremity. It is generally single in the large feathers of the wing and tail of birds, but frequently double in the feathers on the body.
The web usually occupies both sides of the shaft, and consists of the barbs, which are flattened tapering slips of matter, similar to the shaft, placed transversely, adhering thereto by their base, and lying over each other, like the leaves of a book, pointing outwards. The sides of each barb are furnished with barbules, in the same manner as the shaft is decorated with barbs.
Feathers exhibit very remarkable differences with regard to colour. The shaft is frequently of one colour, while the webs are of another; and different parts of the same web may even be observed exhibiting dissimilar tints. The colour of the feathers of some birds, appears to vary with the season, always becoming of a paler hue during the cold of winter. Particular kinds of nourishing food likewise effect similar changes; but the colours, in this case, become deeper. The feathers of several birds, after death, lose their lustre, and frequently become paler in the colour. Thus the orange-coloured white of the belly of the common merganser soon fades after death. These circumstances point out the vitality of this appendix, however difficult it may be to determine the manner of circulation of any fluid, between the parts of the fully formed feather and the body.
Feathers, like hairs, are not only renewed periodically, but they are readily reproduced, if accidentally destroyed. The manner in which they are formed, is variously stated by different authors, few of whom appear to have examined the subject with any degree of attention. The following account is given as the result of personal observation.
When the feather first pushes itself beyond the surface of the skin, it has the appearance of a thorn. If it be opened in this state, it may be observed to consist of a sheath and medulla.
The sheath is in the form of a tube, similar in its composition to the quill; open at the base, where it is inserted in the skin; but closed at the other extremity, where its apex possesses considerable hardness. The use of this tunic is to defend the central parts, while soft and tender.
The medulla consists of a gelatinous central cord, containing bloodvessels, and covered with a dark glairy fluid. It extends from the apex of the sheath, to its insertion in the cellular web. It may be considered as the organ which forms the different parts of the feather.
The glairy fluid appears densest towards the apex, and, on the outer side, two white threads may be perceived close to each other, which have been formed in it. These threads gradually increase in size, and finally coalesce, leaving, however, on their inner surface, a small groove, more or less obvious, and which is permanent. In the remaining part of the circle of this fluid, surrounding the central cord, the web of the feathers is formed. Each barb appears with one extremity attached to one of the lateral edges of the shaft, and the other, pointing upwards and inwards, assists in forming a sort of tube of barbs round the central cord. The whole is still restrained by the sheath, which frequently bears the impression, on its inner surface, of the marks of the barbs. Although, at this time, both the shaft and the barbs may be perceived in a state fit for exclusion, towards the extremity, yet, near the base, the glairy fluid scarcely exhibits a trace of the rudiments of the remaining part of the feather.
In proportion as this fluid, at the extremity, changes into the shaft and barbs, the central cord withers, and grows
hard. At this time, the sheath bursts open at the point, and the withered medulla appears encircled by the shaft and barbs. As the growth takes place from below, new portions of the feather are pushed forwards with the medulla, in the same position. Between the barbs may likewise be observed numerous threads and scales, which are the dried remains of the fluid in which they were formed. These scales, and the withered medulla, either fall off naturally, or are removed by the animal in the act of preening.
When that part of the feather containing the web is formed, the remaining part of the medulla becomes enveloped with the matter of the quill, which is a continuation of the shaft. It is pervious at both extremities, for the entrance and egress of the medulla. Perhaps a distinct idea may be formed of the structure of a feather, by considering the whole as at first like an elongated hollow cone, in which a portion of the base retains its form, and constitutes the quill; while the remainder, towards the apex, has opened on one side, to form the shaft and the web; the medulla becoming exposed in the last part, while it continues covered in the former.
Where more shafts than one arise from the same quill, they appear to be formed on opposite sides of the medulla. This part always appears in the centre; and the grooved sides of the shaft face each other.
The quill does not attain its full growth at the first, like the shaft and the web. It continues to increase in length for a considerable period, during which the corresponding part of the medulla continues soft and vascular. As the animal cannot reach the medulla which is contained in the quill, it remains, and forms that tubular chambered membrane, with which all are familiar, as it appears in common writing quills.
The sheath, of which we have already spoken, likewise grows in length with the new parts of the feather. It is thickest at first, and falls off in the form of scales; but, towards the end of the process, it is thin, and adheres closely to the quill, and is that part which requires to be removed by artificial means, in the preparation of quills for writing.
Feathers appear to consist of nearly the same constituent ingredients as hair. They, perhaps, contain less gelatine.
They occur only on birds, and characterise the class. They furnish the most obvious marks for the discrimination of species; and have obtained various names, according to the parts of the body from which they take their rise. These terms will be particularly enumerated when we come to treat of birds.
3. Horns.—Horns take their rise in the same situation as hairs or feathers. They may be regarded as hairs agglutinated, and forming a hollow cone. The fibrous structure of horn may be perceived in many animals at the base, where it unites with the skin. At this part it receives the additions to its growth, the apex of the cone being pushed out in proportion as the increase takes place at the root, and on the inner surface. But horns differ remarkably from hair, in having their central cavity filled by a projection of bone or other solid substance from the body beneath.
The different markings of the horns, particularly the transverse ridges, are indications of the different layers of growth; and, in many cases, the number of these ridges corresponds with the years of life.
The colour of the horn is, in general, distributed through the mass; sometimes, however, it is collected into bands or threads. It seldom experiences much change during the life of the animal.
It is permanent, or does not experience those periodical renovations which we have stated to take place with hair and feathers. The deciduous horns of the stag are different in their nature from true horns, and will be afterwards taken notice of.
The term Horn is usually restricted to the coverings of the projections of the frontal bones of oxen, sheep, and similar quadrupeds; but various appendices of the skin, composed of the same materials, and equally permanent, although seated on other parts of the body, may, with propriety, be included under the same appellation. Among these may be enumerated,
a. Beaks.—The substance which covers the external surface of the maxillary bones of birds, is composed of horn. It varies greatly in texture and markings, according to the species. It differs from the horns of quadrupeds chiefly in this circumstance, that the colouring matter is not so completely fixed, but is probably preserved in vessels which are still in communication with the body. At least it is well known, that the colour of the bill varies with the season, and experiences considerable changes after death. This, however, is most remarkable in those birds, the horny covering of whose bills is thin, so that the colour may depend on the fluids below.
Horny beaks are found on birds and many reptiles; and, in the inferior classes, in all those whose jaws are destined to cut hard substances.
b. Hoofs.—Hoofs resemble horns in their manner of growth, and in containing a central support, formed by the termination of the extreme bones of the feet. They grow from the inner surface and base, and are thus fitted to supply the place of those parts which are worn away by being exposed to friction against hard bodies. Hoofs are peculiar to certain herbivorous quadrupeds.
c. Claws.—These resemble hoofs in structure and situation, deriving their origin from the skin, having a bony centre, and occurring at the extremities of the fingers and toes. But they are of more lengthened form, usually tapering to a point, convex on the upper surface, and concave beneath. Many quadrupeds are furnished with them, and they are usually found on the toes of birds, reptiles, and annulose animals with articulated members.
d. Nails.—Nails differ from horns and claws, in the circumstance of not being tubular, but consisting of a plate, generally convex on the outer surface, and concave beneath. Where they occur, they occupy the same position as the claws, covering the upper surface of the last joints of the fingers and toes. They derive their colour from the membranes which are beneath. They grow by the root; so that the parts which are worn off, are soon supplied. They occur on the toes of quadrupeds, birds, and reptiles, and pass, by insensible gradations, into claws.
e. Spurs.—These occur chiefly on what is termed the leg (tarsus) of gallinaceous birds. They are found, likewise, on the ornithorynchus. Like horns, they are supported in the centre by bone.
Horns, hoofs, and similar parts, bear a close resemblance to one another in chemical composition. When heated, they soften, and may be easily bent or squeezed into particular shapes. They consist of coagulated albumen, with a little gelatine; and, when incinerated, yield a little phosphate of lime.
Their use, in the animal economy, is to protect the soft parts from being injured by pressure against hard bodies. They are in general wanting, where the parts are in no danger of suffering from the influence of such agents. When torn off from the base, they are seldom completely renewed,
4. Scales.— These vary remarkably in their form, structure, mode of adhesion, and situation in different animals. In general they are flat plates, variously marked. In some cases, each scale consists of several plates, the lowest of which are largest; so that the upper surface becomes somewhat imbricated. Some scales adhere by the whole of their central surface; while others resemble the human nail, in having the distal extremity free.
The composition of scales is similar to that of the cuticle, with the addition of some earthy salts. They appear to be inserted in that layer of the skin, and to resemble it in many of their properties. When rubbed off, they are easily renewed, and frequently experience the same periodical renovations as the cuticle. In some cases, the cuticle may be observed extended over them, as in the armadillos. In general, however, it only surrounds their base. They derive their colour from the mucous web on which they are placed.
In quadrupeds, scales occur, covering the whole body like a coat of mail, in the armadillos; or certain parts only, as the tail of the beaver and rat. In birds, the scales are found only on the feet. In reptiles, they occur on every part of the body, and are placed laterally in some; while, in others, they are imbricated like the slates of a house. In fishes, the scales are usually imbricated, with the distal edge free, and the epidermis enveloping their base. In some in-
stances, however, where they are remarkably thick, they are placed laterally, and have a covering of the epidermis spread over them. They may be observed on many insects, exhibiting great varieties of form. What are termed feathers on the wings of butterflies, seem to be a variety of scales. They are found, likewise, on the animals belonging to the class termed Annelides by CUVIER, as on some of the species of the Linnæan genus Aphrodita.
5. Shells.—Shells consist of layers of an earthy salt, with interposed membranes of animal matter, resembling coagulated albumen. They grow by the addition of layers of new matter to the edges and internal surface. When broken, the animal can cement the edges, and fill up the crack, or supply the deficiency, when a portion is abstracted.
In general, they occur as a covering to the corium, and are protected by the cuticle, as in the shell of the snail; but, in other cases, they are imbedded in a cell of the corium itself, as appears to be the case with the shield which protects the pulmonary cavity of the slug. In some cases, the corium adheres to the shell by a considerable extent of surface, as in many bivalve shells; while, in the univalves, the body only adheres by one or more muscles inserted in the pillar.
Shells differ remarkably in form, texture, and thickness. In some cases, they are thin semi-transparent and elastic, as the shield of the snail and aplysia; while, in others, as the volutes, they possess the opacity and hardness of marble.
They occur simple, like a scale, tube, or cone variously twisted; or in the form of double cups, simply opposed, or variously articulated. In other cases, where the shells are numerous, they cover the corium in an imbricated form, or are distributed over it in detached scales.
Shells are not exclusively the production of the animals termed Mollusca. They occur, likewise, as a covering to several of the Annclides, as the Serpula and Dentalium.
As analogous to shells, as to their use in the animal economy, we mention the membranaceous sheaths in which the bodies of several of the annelides reside, and the tubular coverings, some of which are membranaceous, others calcareous, which protect the zoophytes.
The earthy matter of shells is lime, in union with carbonic acid. Phosphate of lime has likewise been detected, but in small quantity. The colour is secreted from the animal, along with the matter of the shell.
6. Crusts.—These are, in general, more brittle in their texture than shell. They exhibit remarkable differences as to thickness and ccomposition. They differ from shells chiefly in containing a considerable portion of phosphate of lime, and in a greater subdivision of parts. In some cases, however, as the crusts of the bodies of insects, the earthy matter is almost absent, and they may be regarded as formed of cuticle alone. Where they contain much earthy matter, as in the crusts of lobsters, the epidermis may be detected as a cover, and the corium beneath may be perceived as a very thin film. In many cases, these crusts are renewed periodically; and, in all, they are readily repaired. Crusts occur in insects, the crustacea, and the echinodermata, or sea-urchins, and star-fish.
In examining these different appendices of the skin, we perceive that they pass, by insensible degrees, into one another, as hair into spines, horns into nails, scales into shells, and crusts into membranes. They have all one common origin, namely, the skin; and, independent of sccondary purposes, they all serve for protection.
Besides these appendices of the skin, which we have enumerated, it yet remains that we take notice of some of its
peculiar secretions, and the purposes which these serve in the animal economy. One class of these secretions performs the office of lubricating the skin; another of regulating the temperature of the body; and a third of carrying off the superfluous carbon.
As the skin forms the external covering of the body, it is therefore exposed to the decomposing influence of the atmosphere or the waters. Were no remedy provided, its texture would soon be destroyed; by desiccation in the one case, and maceration in the other. But, for the prevention of these effects, the skin is liberally supplied with vessels, which secrete upon its surface, fluids, varying in their nature, according to the wasting agents which act upon it. They may, however, be divided into two kinds; the unctuous and the viscous; on the nature of which, we shall offer a few observations.
1. Unctuous Secretions.—These are confined to animals which have warm blood and the cells of the cellular web filled with fat, as mammalia and birds.
An oily matter is secreted from the whole skin of mammalia, in a manner not very satisfactorily determined. It coats, likewise, the hairs, and serves to prevent the air from drying these parts too much, or the water from wetting them. It keeps the skin of the whale so soft and smooth as to appear like oiled silk; and the seal, and other aquatic mammalia, emerge from the water with their fur as dry as if they had been executing their movements on land.
In some cases, the glands which secrete an unctuous matter, are numerous in particular places, and their openings become obvious to the eye, as in the human nose, and below the under lip, from which the greasy matter may be squeezed, like little worms. These glands are likewise numerous in the arm-pits; and, in many quadrupeds, they occur in little bags near the anus. In birds they unite,
and form a compound gland on the rump, the oily matter of which is squeezed out by the bill, and spread over the feathers. What is termed the scent of an animal is probably a volatile oil, secreted along with this unctuous matter from these sebaceous glands.
2. Viscous Secretions.—In the animals with cold blood, secretions are produced, by the skin, of substances differing in quality from those of warm-blooded animals; but destined to serve the same purposes, namely, to protect the skin from the action of the surrounding element. The fluid which is secreted, has never been examined with care. In some cases, it appears glairy and adhesive, as in the common slug, resembling albumen; or mucous and slippery, as in the common eel, approaching in its properties to gelatine. As this last animal, however, turns whitish when plunged in boiling water, the secretion likewise contains albumen.
The pores from which this viscous matter is secreted, are frequently visible to the naked eye in the larger animals. They are connected, in fishes, with vessels which traverse the body under the skin, and contain the fluid; and they frequently appear on the surface in regular rows.
Besides these two kinds of secretions poured forth by the skin, which may be named protecting secretions, there is a third, peculiar to quadrupeds, known under the name of Sweat.
3. Sweat.—In ordinary cases, the sweat, as it escapes from the skin, is in a state of vapour, and invisible to the eye. The quantity, however, which flies off, is considerable; and has been estimated by LAVOISIER and SEGUIN, to amount, in the human body, to 1 lb. 14 oz. in twenty-four hours. When collected on the interior surface of a glass vessel, it possesses the properties of pure water. When obtained from flannel worn on the skin for several days, it yielded to THENARD acetic acid, and common salt, together with an animal matter resembling gelatine, and traces
of phosphate of lime and oxide of iron. But When procured by this method, it is impure, being mixed with the fat of the unctuous secretions.
When the body is subjected to violent exercise, or exposed to a hot atmosphere, the sweat becomes visible to the eye like drops of dew, at the pores from which it issues. In this state, it is fluid like water, but has a perceptibly saltish taste. BERZELIUS collected a few drops of sweat, as they fell from his face, and evaporated them carefully. "The yellowish residue had all the appearance under the microscope, of the usual mixtures of potash and soda, with lactic acid, lactate of soda, and its accompanying animal matter. It reddened litmus, and dissolved in alcohol; and was, without doubt, of the same nature as the analogous matter found in the other fluids."
From the circumstance, that the quantity of sweat perspired, is in proportion to the temperature, being scarcely perceptible when the surface of the body is disagreeably cold, but copious when heated to excess, it has been concluded, that this secretion is intended to regulate the degree of animal heat, and prevent its accumulation beyond certain limits. The deficiency of perspiration in the dog, is made up by the copious discharge of saliva which takes place when the animal is heated by hard exercise.
When the sweat reaches the surface of the body, it begins to evaporate; and, as fluids, in passing to a state of vapour, absorb a quantity of heat, the sweat abstracts caloric from the body, and reduces its temperature. The cooling effect of evaporation, may be felt by any one, upon wetting a finger and exposing it to the air. It will soon become colder than the others which were left dry.
There is still another secretion which takes place from the skin, differing from those which we have already enumerated, and consisting in the emission of carbon.
4. Carbon.—When the human hand is confined for some hours in a vessel filled with atmospheric air, a portion of carbonic acid makes it appearance. When the same hand is confined in a jar with mercury, lime-water, or hydrogen gas, no carbonic acid makes its appearance. The skin does not, therefore, give out the carbonic acid. But in the first experiment, a portion of the oxygen disappears, equal to the quantity contained in the carbonic acid that is produced. We here see the origin of the oxygen of the acid; and as no other body is present, capable of furnishing the other ingredient, the carbon, the conclusion that it is given out by the skin is irresistible. In the lower animals, the same emission of carbon from the skin has been ascertained by the labours of SPALLANZANI, PROVENÇAL and HUMBOLDT. They found, that the skins of fishes produced carbonic acid, as well as the gills; and that when frogs were deprived of their lungs, atmospheric air was still decomposed*.
It is, perhaps, difficult to point out the purposes which this emission of carbon from the skin serves in the animal economy. It appears to be a secondary kind of respiration, which, while it removes from the system the superfluous carbon, probably regulates the distribution of animal heat. But of this we shall speak more at large, when we come to treat of the organs of respiration.
There are several circumstances which prove, that the skin of the human body, in particular states, is capable of exerting an absorbing power. Whether the absorption takes place by peculiar vessels, or by the exhaling vessels having their motions reversed, or whether absorption ever takes
* We refer the reader for a minute and candid account of this cutaneous emission of carbon, to "An Inquiry into the changes induced in Atmospheric Air, by the germination of Seeds, the Vegetation of Plants, and the Respiration of Animals;" by DANIEL ELLIS, 8vo, Edin. part i. 1807, and part ii. 1811;—a work which exhibits accurate information and great caution.
In the view which has been taken of the skin, its layers, appendices and functions, no characters have presented themselves of any great value in the construction of primary divisions in the classification of animals. The cuticle and the corium, perhaps, exist in all animals. In some, the mucous web is the seat of colour; but when this layer can no longer be detected, we still find the remaining layers of the skin, and their appendices, presenting even a brilliant display of colours, intimating, that its absence has been supplied, by the action of some of the other layers. The muscular web is present in some, and almost absent in other animals, even of the same class; and the same observation holds true with respect to the cellular web.
Hair is not peculiar to the mammalia. It is found on birds and even worms. Feathers, however, are peculiar to birds, as nothing analogous has been observed on the bodies of other animals. Horns, scales, shells, and crusts, are found on animals so widely different in form, structure and habits, as to forbid the employment of the characters which they furnish, in the construction of divisions of a high order. Lately, however, CUVIER has distributed animals into four divisions; Vertebral, Molluscous, Articulated and Radiated. The external character of the Articulated division, in which insects, lobsters and worms are included, is founded on the appearances presented by the skins of the animals which it includes. In these, the body is either in whole or in part formed into rings, by means of transverse plates of the skin, or the skin contains seales or crusts, placed like rings on the body, or some of its parts.
If the arrangement of the skin and its appendices, in whole or in part, into rings, was exclusively cenfined to those animals which are regarded as belonging to the annu-
lose division, the investigations of the student would be greatly facilitated by its construction, as the character is obvious and defined. This, unfortunately, is far from bging the case. The scales on the body of the armadillo, and on the tail of a rat, are more obviously annulose than the crust of the crab or the body of the aphrodite.
This external character, therefore, is somewhat deficient in precision, or rather in exclusive properties; and when employed to designate a primary division, may mislead or bewilder the student. This is the more to be regretted, as the internal or essential character of the division requires dissection, and is difficult to detect. It is taken from the appearances presented by the nervous system.
THE organs which we examined in the preceding chapter, are generally considered as destined for protection, and are, therefore, placed on the exterior of the body. The bones occupy a different position. They are seated in the interior; and while they likewise assist in protecting many important organs, they, at the same time, give stability to the frame, support to the muscles, and afford levers for the execution of locomotion.
In considering the nature of bone, it will be of advantage to the reader, to be made acquainted with its composition, in order to understand its mode of growth. The different parts of which bones consist, may be reduced to four; the periosteum, cartilaginous basis, earthy matter, and fat.
1. Periosteum.—This bears the same relation to the bone as the skin to the body, serving as a covering for its surface, and a sheath for the different cavities which enter it. It varies in thickness, according to the nature of the bone. Its texture is obviously fibrous; and it possesses bloodvessels. Its sensibility indicates the existence of nerves. Where this organ covers cartilaginous processes, it is called Perichondrium.
2. Cartilaginous basis.—This part of bone apparently consists of gelatine and coagulated albumen. The gelatine may be obtained by boiling the bone, previously broken into small fragments, for a considerable time in water. If the liquor be sufficiently concentrated, it will gelatinize when cold. The coagulated albumen may be obtained, by removing the earthy salts by means of weak muriatic acid. What remains is termed cartilage. It retains the original figure of the bone; and may be considered as the frame, in the cells of which the earthy matter has been deposited. It contains numerous bloodvessels, which reach it by passing through the periosteum.
3. Earthy Matter.—The quantity of earthy matter may be ascertained, by exposing the bones for some time to a red heat. The cartilaginous basis is consumed, and the earthy matter is left behind; or the earthy matter may be obtained in solution, by steeping the bone in diluted muriatic acid. It chiefly consists of lime united with phosphoric acid, forming phosphate of lime. Carbonate of lime occurs, but generally in small quantity. Phosphate of magnesia is likewise found, sometimes to the amount of 3 per cent. HATCHETT detected a minute portion of sulphate of lime; and BERZELIUS has confirmed the observation of other experimentalists, as to the occurrence of fluate of lime to the extent of 3 per cent.
4. Fat.—This part of bones bears a close resemblance to the fixed oils. In some bones, as those of whales, it oc-
curs fluid like oil. In the hollow bones of oxen, it appears more like butter, and is the well known substance termed marrow.
When we trace the progress of the growth of bone, from its first appearance in the fœtus, unto its perfect state in the adult, animal, we perceive, that the cartilaginous basis and the periosteum exist during every period: they are the only parts which are organized, and are capable of enlargement in every direction. At the commencement of the growth of the bone, the cartilaginous basis is soft, flexible, and gelatinous. By degrees the earthy matter is deposited. It proceeds, as it were, from centres near the surface of the cartilage. In the case of flat bones, the earthy matter is deposited like two plates, one above the other, which gradually unite at their edges, leaving a space between them, in which the earthy matter is more cellular than the exterior crusts. This space is termed diploë. In each plate, there are one or more centres of ossification, where the earthy matter is first deposited, and from which it is gradually extended over the whole surface. In the long bones, these centres of ossification are more numerous. The central parts are also more cellular than the surface, and called their cancelli or lattice-work. The fat, in general, resides in the cancelli, and in the hollow parts, towards the centre of the bone.
The bones increase in size, not as in shells, scales, or horns, by the addition of layers to the internal surface, but by the expansion of the cartilaginous basis; which, when it becomes saturated with earthy matter, is incapable of farther enlargement. This is the reason why the bones of young animals are soft and flexible, while those of old animals are hard and brittle.
The proportion between the cartilaginous basis, and the earthy matter, differs, not only in every animal according
to age, the earthy matter being smallest in youth, but, likewise, according to the nature of the bone itself, and the purposes which it is destined to serve. The teeth contain the largest portion of earthy matter. Remarkable differences are likewise observable, according to the class or species. The bones of quadrupeds and birds contain a much greater proportion of earthy matter than those of reptiles or fishes. In some fishes, the earthy matter is so small, that the cartilage continues, during the whole life of the animal, soft, flexible, and elastic, as the spine of the lamprey, or a little more indurated, as in the bones of the skate and shark. These fishes have been termed cartilaginous. Even in those fishes which are termed osseous, the cartilage bears a much greater proportion to the earthy matter than in quadrupeds.
Bone is readily reproduced, in small quantities, especially in youth. In the case of fracture, the periosteum inflames and swells, the crevice is filled up by a cartilaginous basis, abounding in vessels, and the earthy matter is at length deposited, giving to the fractured part, in many cases, a greater degree of strength than it originally possessed.
In animals of the deer kind, the horns, which are true bone, are annually cast off; a natural joint forming at their base, between them and the bones of the cranium, with which they are connected. They are afterwards reproduced under a skin or periosteum, which the animal rubs off when the new horns have attained their proper size.
In some cases of disease, the earthy matter is again absorbed into the system, the cartilaginous basis predominates, and the bones become soft and tender. This takes place in the disease of youth, termed Rickets, and in a similar complaint of advanced life, known under the name of Mollities ossium. In other instances, bone is formed as a
monstrous production, in organs which do not produce it in a state of health, as the brain, the heart, and the placenta *.
The ordinary colour of bone is white. This, however, is usually mixed with other colours in the teeth of herbivorous quadrupeds. The bones of some varieties of the common fowl approach to blackness, and in some fishes they are tinged with green. The nature of the food exercises a considerable influence over the colour, as demonstrated by the red tint which the bones of fowls acquire, when madder is mixed with their food.
The texture of bones exhibits many remarkable varieties. It is compact in some places, as the teeth and bones of the ear,—fibrous as the bones of the head in a fœtus,— or cellular as those of the head of the cetacea. In bones, there are likewise tortuous holes, termed sinuses, differing from those containing the bloodvessels or marrow, and communicating, more or less, directly with the exterior of the body.
The surface of particular bones is irregular, presenting eminences which are termed processes, (apophyses.) When these processes are united to the bone by the intervention of cartilage, which, with age, becomes ossified, they are termed Epiphyses.
As intimately connected with bone, we may here take notice of Cartilage. This can scarcely be said to differ in its nature, from the cartilaginous basis of the bone. It is of a fine fibrous structure, smooth on the surface, and remarkably elastic. It covers those parts of bones which are exposed to friction, as the joints, and is thickest at the point of greatest pressure. By its smoothness, it facilitates the motion of the joints, and its elasticity prevents the bad effects of any violent concussion. It is intimately
united with the bone, and can scarcely be regarded as different from an elongation of the cartilaginous basis. Where it occurs at a joint with considerable motion, it is termed articular or obducent cartilage. In other cases, it occurs as a connecting medium between bones which have no articular surfaces, but where a variable degree of motion is requisite. The ribs are united to the breast-bone in this manner. Between the different vertebræ, there are interposed layers of cartilage, by which the motions of the spine are greatly facilitated. As these connecting cartilages are compressible and elastic, the spine is shortened when the body remains long in a vertical position, owing to the superincumbent pressure. Hence it is that the height of man is always less in the evening than in the morning. All these cartilages are more or less prone to ossification, in consequence of the deposition of earthy matter in the interstices. To this circumstance may be referred, in a great measure, the stiffness of age, the elasticity of the cartilages decreasing with the progress of ossification.
Cartilage occurs even unconnected with bone, in parts of the system where strength and elasticity are required.
The manner in which the bones of the skeleton are united to one another, exhibits such remarkable differences, in respect to surface, connection, and motion, that anatomists have found it difficult to give to each kind of articulation an appropriate name, and a distinguishing character. Without attempting to enter into the details of the subject, it will be sufficient for our purpose, to enumerate the more obvious kinds of articulation, and the motions each is destined to perform; not confining our attention to the bones of the vertebral animals, but including the modes of junction between the hard parts which supply the place of bones in the lower animals.
The different kinds of articulations naturally admit of a division into two classes. In the first may be placed the true joints, which possess articular surfaces, surrounding ligaments, and a lubricating liquor. In the second, there are no articular surfaces, the lines of junction either uniting by contact, or by the intervention of some connecting substance. The joinings are secured by a continuation of the periosteum of the one bone, until it unites with that of the other. The first class of articulations is usually termed Diarthrosis, (δια per αϱθϱόν artus); the second has been long known by the title of Symphysis. As the articuladon by symphysis is the most simple in its structure, we shall consider its characters in the first place.
1. Articulation by Symphysis.—This kind of junction takes place either without, or by means of a connecting medium. The articulation which has no connecting medium, is usually termed Synarthrosis; that in which there is a connecting medium Amphiarthrosis.
Synarthrosis is a mode of junction which admits of no motion, the connecting surfaces coming into close and permanent contact. When two flat bones join each other by their edges, the line of division is called the suture. It is termed serrated when the edges are jagged, and when the projections of the one edge are received into recesses in the other. The bones of the human skull afford fine examples of this kind of junction. It is usually obliterated in old age by the crevices being filled up with osseous matter. The dove-tail in architecture, is merely an imitation of the serrated suture. When the edges of the bones are even, and come in contact without indentation, the suture is said to be harmonic. Examples of this kind occur in the bones of the head in quadrupeds and birds. It is admirably exhibited in the junction of the plates of the crust
of the sea urchin, (Echinus esculentus, L.) When the thin edge of a flat bone covers that of another, the suture is called squamous. It is very common in the bones of the heads of fishes. In these three kinds of sutures, where they occur in vertebral animals, the line of separation is most distinct in youth, and gradually disappears in advanced life, by the two bones becoming ossified into one. In the kind of junction we are now to notice, this never takes place.
When a pit in one bone receives the projecting extremity of another, the junction is called Gomphosis, (γόμφός cuneus) because the one bone is inserted like a wedge into the cavity in the other. The teeth in man and other quadrupeds, and the hooks in the snout of the saw-fish, afford good illustrations of this kind of junction. It is unknown among the invertebral animals.
There is another kind of immoveable articulation, exhibited in the claws of cats, seals, and many other animals. It consists in the one bone having a cavity, with a protuberance at its centre, which receives another bone or hard part, sheathing it at the margin, and projecting into its interior at the centre. The claws are fixed in this manner on the last phalanges of the fingers and toes of the above mentioned animals; and thus have a bony cone and duplicature, to give greater stability to their base.
Amphiarthrosis—is a mode of junction between bones, by the intervention of a substance, softer and more pliable, by means of which, a degree of motion is permitted, limited by the extent of its flexibility. Where two bones are united by the intervention of cartilage, as is most frequently the case, the junction is termed Synchondrosis, (συν cum χόυδός cartilago.) In this manner the ribs are united with the breast-bone, and the two sides of the lower jaw with each other, in the vertebral animals. The motion in
this case is limited by the dimensions of the intervening cartilage, sometimes by its nature; for, where it serves to connect the vertebræ of quadrupeds, it is much more flexible and elastic than it is in the other parts. Where two bones are united, by the intervention of ligament, or even skin, the junction may be termed Syndesmosis, (συνδεσμόσ ligamentum.) It is harmonic when the even edges of thin bones are prevented from coming in contact, or from receding, by the intervening soft part. In this case, the extent of motion is limited by the degree of flexion or extension of which the connecting medium is susceptible. The shells of the Bernacle (Lepas) afford good examples of this kind of connection. In the squamous syndesmosis, the thin edge of one bone covers the surface of another, in such a manner as to permit both bones to slide upon each other. The gill-flaps of many fishes, some of the bones of the head of the lamprey, and the dorsal plates of the chitons exhibit this kind of articulation. In the syndesmosis, by inclusion the bones or hard parts are in the form of tubes, united to each other at the extremities by a common membrane passing from the one to the other. When the common membrane is long, flexible, and elastic, almost every kind of motion may be performed. When the tubes are nearly in contact, a lateral movement only can be executed, by a part of the circumference of the one tube penetrating the interior of the other. When the one tube is smaller than the other, it may be withdrawn into the cavity of the larger, or extended, at the will of the animal. There are frequently processes and cavities in the contiguous margins of the tubes, which regulate the direction and extent of the motion this kind of junction is designed to perform. Numerous examples of articulation by inclusion, occur in the limbs of insects and crabs.
When bones are united by the intervention of flesh, the junction is termed Syssarcosis, (συν cum σαϱξ caro.) Of this sort is the union of the scapula with the ribs. In some cases, particularly in the junction of the upper mandible with the head, in many birds, there is an intervening thin bony plate, which being flexible, admits of a small degree of motion, and thus constitutes an example of osseous amphiarthrosis.
2. Articulation by Diarthrosis—presents several varieties differing in the forms of the articular surfaces, and the kind of motion of which they are susceptible. The articular surfaces are enveloped with cartilage, remarkable for the smoothness of its free surface, and its intimate union with the bone, of which it forms a protecting covering. The periosteum is not continued over the surface of the cartilage, but is prolonged like a sheath over the joint, until it joins that of the opposite bone. It thus forms a close bag at the joint, into which nothing from without can enter, and from which nothing can escape. Into this bag the lubricating liquor termed synovia is conveyed. It is secreted by a mucous membrane on the interior, on which, as it in some cases appears 1ike little bags, the term bursa mucosa has been bestowed upon it.
The nature of synovia has never been investigated with much care or success; even the experiments which have been detailed, afford results so very different, that no accurate conclusions can be drawn from them, although the synovia of the joints of oxen has been exclusively employed. The two following analyses may here be exhibited.
Besides the sheath formed by the continuation of the periosteum, and which is too slender to retain the bones in their proper place, the joints are furnished with ligaments. These are membranes of a dense fibrous texture, flexible, elastic, and possessed of great tenacity. They have their insertion in the periosteum and bone, with which they are intimately united. When they follow the course of the periosteum, and form a sheath round the joint, they are termed capsular. When they occur as broad belts on the sides of the joint, they are called lateral; and when they pass from one articular surface, like a cord, into the other, they are called central. Their composition has not been investigated with care. It is probable that they approach the nature of cartilage. They serve to secure the joints from dislocation—an accident that can scarcely happen, unless the ligaments be previously lacerated. They likewise, in some cases, furnish a basis for the origin or insertion of muscles.
The motions which joints of the kind are capable of performing, may be reduced to three kinds—flexion, twisting, and sliding. In flexion, the free extremity of the bone which is moved, approaches the bone
which is fixed, describing the segment of a circle, whose centre is in the joint. In twisting, the bone which is moved turns round its Own axis, or round an imaginary axis, passing through the articulation. In sliding, the free extremity of the bone moved, approaches the bone which is fixed, in a straight line.
The form of the joints, in order to admit of these different motions, is exceedingly various. When a large spherical shaped head, called a condyle, is received into a deep cavity, there is formed the ball and socket joint, or the Enarthrosis of anatomists. In this articulation, both flexion and twisting are permitted, and it is the kind of joint employed in those members where great freedom of action is required. When the cavity is shallow, and the head flat, or when both surfaces are nearly plain, the articulation is termed by anatomists Arthrodia. Flexion cannot be performed by this kind of joint to any extent, and the motion by twisting is likewise limited. It is principally, employed where a great freedom of action is not necessary, but where flexion, twisting, and sliding are all in a small degree requisite, as is the case with the bones of the hand and the foot. Where sliding only is required, the articular surfaces are either flat, as is the case with the bones which join the orbital septum in ducks, and unite the central branches of the palatine arch with the os quadratum, or, there is a groove formed by the one bone to slide along a ridge on another. This appears to be the case with the central branches of the palatine arch in the solan-goose, which are ossified, and cover the inferior edge of the orbital ridge like a saddle. These articulations are necessary to regulate the motions of the upper mandible in birds.
When the articulating surfaces are semicylirdrical, the one convex and the other concave, or when both are partly convex and partly concave, the joint is called
a hinge or ginglymus (γ'γλυνός cardo.) This kind of articulation may be either simple or compound. It is simple when the convex surface of the one bone is received into the concave surface of the other. The under jaw of quadrupeds is articulated in this manner with the head. In the badger, this hinge-joint is so perfect, that the jaw remains in its place, even after all the ligaments and cartilages have been removed, and cannot be separated from the head without breaking the margin of the joint. In the compound ginglymus, both articulating surfaces mutually receive and are received. In this kind of joint, motion can only be performed by flexion or extension.
In attending to these different articulations in the animal system, it will readily be perceived, that they pass into one another by insensible gradations, according to the kind or the extent of the motion which is required to be performed. Hence, the same bone is not similarly articulated at the same part in different species, nor at its different extremities in the same species.
The different bones which occur in the body of an animal, when united, are termed its skeleton. They serve as a support and protection to the soft parts, and to determine, to a certain degree, the forms, magnitudes, and motions of the individual. The bones of a skeleton are usually divided into those of the head, the trunk, and the extremities.
The bones of the head are present in every animal furnished with a skeleton. They consist of those various plates which form the cranium, for the reception of the brain; those of the face, which, including the orbits of the eyes, and the cavities of the nose; and those of the mouth, including the jaws. All these bones vary according to the species, in number, form, articulation, and size. That part of the body where the head is placed, is denominated the anterior extremity.
The bones of the trunk consist of the vertebræ, ribs, and sternum. The vertebræ form what, in common language, is called the back-bone. They vary greatly in number, and even structure. They serve to protect the spinal marrow, and to give stability to the ribs and the extremities. They obtain different names, according to the situation in which they occur, as cervical, dorsal, lumbar, sacral, and caudal. But, in many animals, these distinctions can scarcely be retained with propriety, in consequence of the absence of the parts from which they have derived their names.
The ribs are wanting in several vertebral animals, as the frog, shark, and ray. When present, they are either united by the one extremity to the vertebræ, and by the other to the sternum, forming true ribs; or they are only fixed by a joint at one of their extremities, either to the vertebræ or sternum, and are then called false ribs.
The sternum, or breast-bone, is wanting in many animals, as serpents; and, where it does exist, it varies greatly in its form and dimensions.
The extremities, where perfect, as in man, are four in number, two arms and two feet; termed by anatomists the anterior and posterior extremities. In quadrupeds they are termed fore and hind legs; in birds, wings and legs; and in fishes, pectoral and ventral fins. The bones of the anterior extremity consist of those of the shoulder, the arm, the fore-arm, and the hand. Those of the posterior extremities, are the hip, the thigh, the leg, and the foot. In some animals, as serpents, the extremities are wanting; in whales, the posterior extremities cannot be distinguished from the tail; and in many fishes they are wanting.
Besides these bones, which are considered as more immediately connected with the skeleton, there are many others, such as those of the tongue in quadrupeds, and of the fins in fishes, which are not intimately united with the skeleton, but which serve to give strength and support to the parts where they occur.
In taking a rapid sketch of the different parts of the skeleton, we may perceive, in the more perfect animals, that, while some bones, such as those of the head and the vertebræ, are always present, others, as the sternum, ribs, and extremities, are only found in the species of particular classes or orders. The animals in which a skeleton is found, even in its simplest forms, are few in number, in comparison with those whose hard parts are either connected with the integuments, as we have already noticed, or form solid pieces of support, differing from bone in composition, and destitute, of articulation. These circumstances have given rise to a division of animals into two classes, the Vertebral and Invertebral; the former possessing a vertebral column, of which the latter are destitute. The honour of forming these divisions, is claimed by M. LAMARK, in his "Systême des Animaux sans Vertebras," 8vo, 1801. The same groups, however, have been known to naturalists since the days of ARISTOTLE, the vertebral having been termed Sanguineous, and the invertebral Exanguineous. Among the vertebral animals, are included Mammalia, Birds, Reptiles, and Fishes; and, among the invertebral, those which were termed by LINNEUS, Insects and Worms.
This primary division of animals into vertebral and invertebral, is natural; and the distinction, after a little acquaintance with the species, is obvious, and of easy application.
It may, however, be observed, that, among the invertebral animals, there are hard parts, which, though differing from bone in composition and structure, answer the same purposes in the animal economy. They all appear to be formed after the manner of shell, or horn, by the addition of layers of earthy matter on one of their surfaces, and not by the extension of a cartilaginous frame-work. In composition they likewise bear a close resemblance to shell, consisting principally of carbonate of lime, with a variable proportion of animal matter. In some cases, there are traces
of phosphate of lime. They are either connected with the digestive system, as the teeth in the stomach of the lobster, or the jaws and teeth of the Sea-Urchin, (Echinus,) or they constitute a central support for the soft parts, as the bone of the Cuttle-fish, or the stalk of the Sea-pen.
HAVING considered, in the two preceding chapters, the integuments which invest, and the bones which support, the animal frame, we are now prepared to consider the organs by which motion is executed, constituting the muscular system.
The investigation of this class of organs, unfolds the most singular mechanism of parts, and an infinite variety of movements, enabling the animal to perform the internal and external actions necessary to its existence.
The muscles appear in the form of large bundles, consisting of cords. These, again, are formed of smaller threads, which are capable of division into the primary filaments. Each muscle, and all its component cords and filaments are enveloped by a covering of cellular membrane, liberally supplied by bloodvessels and nerves.
The primary filaments appear to be parallel, and to be of very small demensions. PROCHASKA * found them nearly 1/40000 of an inch; while Mr BAUER estimates them at only 1/2000, or the size of the globules of the blood, when deprived of their colouring matter †. Differences of
opinion, equally remarkable, prevail among observers, with regard to the appearances of these primary fibres.
LEEUWENHŒCK found the filaments of the muscles of a frog transversely striated. When recent, they were cylindrical; but, upon drying, they contracted, and exhibited a groove on one side*. Mr BAUER describes them as moniliform†, and apparently constructed of a series of globules. These globules Sir E. HOME is inclined to consider as the remains of the globules of the blood, from which they have originated, adhering in a line; an opinion which the facts of the case by no means warrant‡.
At the extremities of the muscular fibres, where they are attached to the more solid parts, there are usually threads of a substance, differing in its appearance from the muscle, and denominated Tendon or Sinew. The tendons are, in general, of a silvery-white colour, a close, firm, fibrous texture, and possess great tenacity. The threads of which they consist, are attached on the one extremity to the surface of a bone, or other hard part; and on the other, they are variously interspersed among the fibres or bundles of the muscle. They are considered as destitute of sensibility and irritability, and form a passive link between the muscle and the bone, or other point of support.
The muscles, after being freed from those substances which adhere to them, such as bloodvessels and cellular tis-
† By the term Moniliform naturalists in general refer to an organ, consisting of globules lineally and closely arranged, like the beads of a necklace. When the globules press so closely as to alter their shape, and render the line of separation less distinct, the term Jointed is usually applied. On the other hand, when the globules are a little distant from one another, with an apparent connecting thread, the term Perfoliate is substituted.
sue, consist of fibrin, whose properties have been already detailed. The tendons, on the other hand, consist chiefly of gelatine. Hence, when meat is boiled, the tendons are dissolved by the warm water, and the muscles separate readily from the bones. Although the presence of tendons in the muscles of testaceous mollusca cannot be perceived by the eye, yet, as boiling water destroys their connection with the shells, the presence of gelatine, and hence of tendon, may be inferred. In quadrupeds which leap much, as the Jerboa, and in birds which walk much, the tendons become in part ossified; so that the points of support of the muscle are thereby increased.
Muscles are said to be either simple or compound in their structure. In the simple muscles, the fibres have a similar direction; and are either formed into a long round bundle, thickest in the middle, termed ventriform; or they proceed from an extended base, and converge to a small tendon, when they are termed radiated; or resemble a feather, and are called penniform. In these last, the muscular fibres are arranged like the barbs of a feather, along a middle line of tendon, resembling the shaft. In the compound muscles, the bundles of fibres and tendons are variously interwoven.
Muscles arc the most active members of the animal frame. They alone possess the power of irritability, and execute all the motions of the body. The causes which excite them to action, may be reduced to two kinds. In the first, the will, through the medium of the nerves, excites the irritability of the fibres; and in the second, the action is produced by the application of external objects, either directly, or by the medium of the nerves.
The division of the muscles into voluntary and involuntary, is sufficiently accurate to convey distinct ideas of these
two classes of exciting causes in ordinary circumstances. In some cases, it is true, we can acquire by habit a controul even over the involuntary muscles; and the muscles which are voluntary in one animal, may be involuntary in another. We may, however, add, as peculiar characters by which they may be distinguished, that the involuntary muscles are more durable in their action, more easily excited, and retain, even when separated from the body, their facility of irritability for a great length of time; while the voluntary muscles become fatigued by continued action, and require intervals of rest to recruit their exhausted energies.
When the fibres of a muscle are excited to action by any irritating cause, a simultaneous movement is performed. They become shorter, more rigid, and in many cases appear somewhat angular. In consequence of this contraction, the two extremities of the muscle approach, bringing along with them the parts to which they are attached. In what manner the particles of the muscular fibre arrange themselves during contraction, anatomists have been unable to discover. That they approach each other, is obvious; and that their cohesive power suddenly increases, appears evident, from the small force which prevents a muscle from contracting, compared with the prodigious resistance which it offers when contracted. Dr WOLLASTON is of opinion, that each muscular effort, apparently single, consists in reality, of a great number of contractions, repeated at extremely short intervals; so short, indeed, that the intermediate relaxation cannot be visible, unless prolonged beyond the usual limits, by a state of partial or general debility. He arrived at this conclusion, by attending to the sounds perceived in the ear upon the insertion of the tip of the finger. It is probable, however, that these sounds are
The changes which take place in the tenacity of muscles after death, are very remarkable. The same force which they could resist with ease, in a living state, is sufficient to tear them to pieces after the vital principle has departed. The tendons, which are sometimes lacerated by the violent contractions of the muscle during life, are much stronger than the muscle itself after death. These circumstances serve to confirm us in the belief of a vital power. If it does not exist, it remains with the mechanical and chemical philosophers to determine, what strengthening principle has departed with life, and whence the weakness of death.
Muscles, from their mode of action, may be divided into circular and longitudinal. In the circular muscles, the fibres are so arranged, that they contract the part to which they are applied in all its dimensions, as the muscles of the heart and tongue; or they merely contract the extremity of a tube, so as to close it. In this last case, they are denominated sphincters. The longitudinal muscles may be compared to ropes, drawing towards them the objects to which they are attached in a direction influenced by the form of these objects; and the other muscles acting in concert. Where the one extremity of the muscle is attached to a hard part, and the other to a soft, the mechanism is usually of the simplest kind. But where both extremities are fixed to hard parts, which are destined to be used as levers, more complicated machinery is requisite. We have already adverted to the different forms of the joints of the bones suited to different movements. The muscles are fixed to these bones at various angles, and various distan-
ces from the joints. The positions assigned them are not always the most favourable for the movement of the levers; but they could not be otherwise, without altering the external shape, and giving to it an appearance the very reverse of those round or tapering forms so commonly exhibited in organized bodies. But the disadvantages attending the obliquity of the muscles, with respect to the bones which they are destined to move, are abundantly compensated by other means. The heads of the bones are frequently larger than the body to which the tendons are attached; so that these, by passing over the convexity to the place of their insertion, form a more obtuse angle with the lever, than if the head did not exist. The origin and insertion of a muscle are frequently at some distance; and the muscle passes through holes in other bones, or is bound down by annular ligaments; so that the motion is performed without destroying the proportion of the part. Although muscles, which thus move the bones as so many levers, may be compared to ropes in the effects which are produced, there is a remarkable difference in the manner of their action. As the muscles contract in length in every part, and, by the contraction, change their shape and become more rigid and angular, every bundle may be said to assist another; so that in the very muscle itself, there may be formed both levers and fulcra; thus giving to it powers, which, were it acting like a cord, it could not have in consequence of its position.
Let us now take a view of the muscles, as concerned in the production of the different motions exhibited by animals. These are exceedingly various in their extent and duration, and in the organs employed to perform them.
It is obvious, that as animals are exposed to the vicissitudes of the elements, the fluctuation of the atmosphere and
the waters, they could not perform the ordinary functions of existence, unless possessed of faculties fitting them for resisting such disturbing forces. Let us therefore contemplate the provisions made for enabling animals to remain at rest, previous to an examination of their displays of the faculty of locomotion.
1. Proneness.—Many animals protect themselves against the disturbing movements of the air and water, by placing their bodies in a prone position. They thus diminish the extent of their resisting surface. To give still greater efficacy to this protecting attitude, they retire to valleys, woods, or dens, on the earth, or to the deepest places in the waters; and are thus able, by the weight of their own bodies and the advantages of their position, to outlive the elemental war. The Zetlandic fishermen have repeatedly assured me, that cod-fish swallow stones before a storm, to enable them to rest more securely at the bottom of the sea, during the continuance of the agitated waves.
But there are other animals, which, while they are equally cautious to make choice of proper situations for their safety, employ in addition, peculiar organs with which they are provided, to connect themselves more securely with the bases on which they rest.
2. Grasping.—The most simple of these expedients, Grasping, is displayed by bats, birds and insects, in the employment of their toes, with their claws, in seizing the subjects of their support. In birds, the assumption and continuance of this attitude is accomplished by a mechanical process; so that there is no expenditure of muscular energy. In every case of this kind, the claws are so admirably adapted to the station of the animal, that the detention of the body in the same spot during this state of rest, accompanied with little exertion.
3. Suction.—The third method of fixing themselves, employed by animals, is suction. The sucker, which acts in the same manner as the moistened circular piece of leather, with a cord fixed to its centre, and applied to the surface of a stone, known to every school-boy, varies greatly in its form, and even structure. In the limpet, and other gasteropodous mollusca, its surface is smooth and uniform; and the adhesion appears to depend on its close application to every part of the opposing surface. In other animals, as the leech and the sea-urchin, the sucker is formed at the extremity of a tube; the muscular motions of which may serve to pump out any air which may remain, after the organ has been applied to the surface of the body. In a third class, the sucker is more complicated in its structure, consisting of many smaller ones, so disposed as to act in concert, as on the head of the Remora, or the breast of the lump-fish. Among the vertebral animals, neither quadrupeds nor birds possess any sucker. It is found among a few reptiles and fishes. The extremities of the toes of many insects possess complicated suckers. Among the mollusca and zoophytes, there are few in which suckers in some form do not exist. By means of this organ, whose power of cohesion must depend, not only on the extent of its surface, but the strength of the muscles which produce the vacuum, these animals can remain in the same spot, although acted on by forces to which their own weight could offer no adequate resistance. PENNANT states, that he heard of a lamprey which was taken out of the Esk, weighing three pounds, adhering to a stone of twelve pounds weight suspended at its mouth*.
4. Cementation.—The fourth method, termed cementation, employed by animals to preserve themselves stationary,
consists in a part of their own bodies being cemented to the substance on which they rest. This takes place in the common mussel, by means of strong cartilaginous filaments, termed the byssus, united in the body to a secreting gland, furnished with powerful muscles, and, at the other extremity, glued to the rock or other body to which it connects itself. In other cases, as in the oyster, the shell itself is cemented to the rock. This method of resisting the action of the disturbing forces of the air and the water, is unknown among the vertebral animals. In the Mollusca, it occurs in those with shells termed byssiferous, and fixed. In the Annulosa, among spiders and some caterpillars, protecting threads are frequently employed. Among the Zoophytes, the adhesion between them and the substance on which they grow, is generally accomplished by means of a cement, connecting (as in nearly all animals fixed by cementation) their body for life to the spot where they first adhered.
Let us now attend to the muscular motions of animals, as displayed in the various positions assumed and actions performed, in the exercise of the locomotive powers. The first of these which demands our attention, is,
1. Standing.—In this position the body is raised above the ground, and supported on its legs. The facility with which this attitude is assumed, and the length of time in which animals can remain in it, depend on a variety of circumstances, connected with the figure and density of the different parts of the body, and the form, position, and strength of the limbs.
In order to enable an animal to support itself firmly on its limbs, it is necessary that these parts be so disposed, as that the centre of gravity of the whole body fall within the space which they occupy, and that the muscles have sufficient power to counteract those movements which might displace the body from that position. It is obvious, that
the more numerous the limbs, and the more equally they are distributed on the inferior side of the body, the more securely will the centre of gravity be retained within the space which these feet include. In the annulose animals, termed myriapoda, the feet, which are numerous, and very strong in proportion to the size of the body, are so placed, that the centre of gravity of the body can never fall beyond the surface occupied by them; and consequently, these animals may be considered as possessing, in the greatest degree of perfection, the qualifications necessary for assuming and maintaining a standing position. In many of the true or hexapodal insects, the same provision for preserving the body in a standing posture may likewise be observed. The feet are well qualified, by their strength, for supporting the body, and when stretched out, the space which they include is, in general, many times larger than its bulk.
Among the vertebral animals, standing is an attitude practised by the Mammalia and Birds only. Among the mammalia, all, except Man, stand on four feet. The body, in this case, rests on an extended base; but as the head projects more or less in front of the trunk, to which the fore-legs are attached, the centre of gravity falls nearer these than the hind-legs. They are on that account stronger than these last, to enable them to support this additional burden, unless in those cases where the hind-legs are used for particular kinds of motion. The head is supported by the cervical ligaments, and by muscles, which vary in strength with the weight of the head, and the actions which it is required to perform.
In Man, standing is performed on two legs only. The mechanical structure of his body enables him to do this without any singular exertion. The weight of his head, the weakness of his arms, and the inconvenient length of his legs, all prevent him from standing on his four extremi-
ties. On the other hand, the great breadth of his feet, the form of his toes, and the position of the muscles which move them, render them peculiarly calculated, not only for presing the ground to a considerable extent, but embracing some of its inequalities. From the breadth of the pelvis, the legs are placed farther distant in proportion than in the other mammalia, and thus include a more extended base, while the trunk is able to rest upon it more securely. It is owing to these circumstances that the vertical position is easily assumed and maintained by man, while, among quadrupeds, it is painful. When they do assume it, they in general bend their hind-legs so that their buttocks rest on their heels.
In Birds, the body, during the position we are now describing, is seldom vertical with respect to the extremities. In some water-fowl, as the grebes, the feet are situated so far behind, and the weight of the body is so great anteriorly, that they could not stand with the body leaning forwards, like the generality of birds, without a peculiar arrangement of the feet. We accordingly find the body assuming nearly a vertical position. In some cases where birds stand in this attitude, the tail likewise assists in forming a more extended support, by resting on the ground, as may be seen in the cormorant. In some birds, however, as the rail, in which the legs are placed far behind, the toes are uncommonly long, so that the tendency of the fore part of the body to fall to the ground is thus prevented, by the resistance which they offer. The length of the toes, and the manner in which they are disposed, joined to the disposition of the body with regard to its centre of gravity, enable many birds to stand for a great length of time on one foot only, without much exertion. In the stork, "the surface of the femur that articulates with the tibia, has, in its middle, a depression which receives a projection of the
latter bones. In bending the leg, this process is lifted out of the depression, and removed to its posterior edge. By this motion, the ligaments are necessarily more stretched than during the extension of the leg, in which the process remains in its socket. These ligaments, therefore, preserve the leg extended in the manner of some springs, without receiving any assistance from the muscles*."
2. Walking.—This action is defined by CUVIER, to be a motion on a fixed surface, in which the centre of gravity is alternately moved by one part of the extremities, and sustained by the other, the body never being at any time completely suspended over the ground. It is produced by the alternate flexion and extension of the limbs, aided by the motions of the trunk, advancing the position of the centre of gravity in the intended direction.
In animals with many feet, as the myriapoda, walking is performed by so uniform a motion, that the body may be said to glide along the surface. The feet do not move by pairs, but by divisions, containing from five to twenty, and upwards. In the insects with six feet, the anterior and posterior legs on one side, and the middle leg on the other, are moved at the same time, so that the body is always supported by two legs on the one side, and one leg on the other. The hair on the rings of caterpillars, likewise serve as feet in assisting progressive motion. In animals with four feet, "each step is executed by two legs only; one belonging to the fore-pair, and the other to the hindpair; but sometimes they are those of the same side, and sometimes those of the opposite side." The latter is that kind of motion in horses, which grooms term a pace. The right fore-leg is advanced so as to sustain the body, which is thrown upon it by the left hind-foot, and at the same
time, the latter bends in order to its being moved forward. While they are off the ground, the right hind-foot begins to extend itself, and the moment they touch the ground, the left fore-foot moves forward to support the impulse of the right foot, which likewise moves forward. The body is thus supported alternately by two legs placed in a diagonal manner. When the right fore-foot moves, in order to sustain the body, pushed forward by the right hind-foot, the motion is then called an amble. The body, being alternately supported by two legs on the same side, is obliged to balance itself to the right and left, in order to avoid falling; and it is this balancing movement which renders the gait so soft and agreeable to women and persons in a weak state of body *.
In walking with two feet, as takes place in man and birds, the whole weight of the body rests on each leg alternately; so that the movement is in a zig-zag direction. These undulations are rendered more conspicuous in some birds, by the form of their feet and toes, by which they are prevented from moving them in the direction of the mesial line; but are, at each step, compelled to move the leg outwards, in a semicircular manner. In some quadrupeds, as the seal, and in many reptiles, the limbs are placed perpendicular to the mesial line; and, in the progressive motion, the body is dragged along the ground, as the flexion and extension of the limbs are unable to elevate it above the surface. Such animals are said to crawl.
But, besides these modes of walking, which we have now stated, there are others, in which the progressive motion is similar, but the means employed to accomplish it are different. The principal of these may be termed the Serpentine Motion. It consists in bringing up the tail towards
the head, by bending the body into one or more curves, then resting upon the tail, and extending the body, thus moving forward, at each step, nearly the whole length of the body, or one or more of the curves into which it was formed. In serpents this motion is well displayed; and, in some cases, it would appear that they are assisted in it by means of their ribs, which act as feet. Among the mollusca, and many of the annulose animals, the same kind of motion is performed by alternate contractions and expansions, laterally and longitudinally, of the whole of the body, or of those parts which are appropriated to progressive motion. In some cases, these actions are so minute that the body seems to glide along the surface with a uniform progress. Many of the annulosa are assisted in their progress, by the hairs or spines with which their bodies are furnished, entering the inequalities of the surface, and preventing a retrograde movement. In some, the body is so soft and pliable, as easily to accommodate itself to the inequalities of the surface over which it glides, and derives assistance from these in its progress. In others, there is a viscous substance secreted from their bodies, which, in the slug, may enable it to attach one part of its body more firmly to the surface on which it is moving, while it drags up the remainder to a new position.
But there is another mode of moving analogous to walking, performed by means of the suckers to which we have already referred. Where the organ of motion is a uniform extended surface, as the foot of the limpet, the manner of advancing must resemble the motion of serpents. Part of the foot will be detached from the surface, and form arches; while the remaining points will adhere by suction, until the others reach new points of support. Where the suckers are numerous, as on the belly of some caterpillars, they act by alternate adhesion and separation, with an intervening
motion resembling the action of feet. Where the organs of adhesion are double, one at each extremity, as in the leech, the mouth adheres to one part of the surface, while the tail is brought up towards it, and is then fixed, the body being at this time like an arch. The head then quits its hold, the body extends itself, and, when at full length, the head is again attached, and the tail brought up. By these alternate movements, the leech, at every step, advances nearly the length of its own body. In some of the intestinal worms, the adhesion of the head takes place by means of reversed spines or hooks, as in the Echinorinchus.
3. Leaping.—In the action of leaping, the whole body rises from the ground; and, for a short period, is suspended in the air. It is produced by the sudden extension of the limbs, after they have undergone an unusual degree of flexion. The extent of the leap depends on the form and size of the body, the length and the strength of the limbs. The myriapoda are not observed to leap. Many of the spiders and insects leap with ease, both forwards, backwards, and laterally. In those which are remarkable for this faculty, the thighs of the hind-legs are in general of uncommon size and strength. Among reptiles, the leaping frog is well known, in opposition to the crawling toad. Among quadrupeds, those are observed to leap best, which have the hind legs longer and thicker than the fore legs, as the kangaroo and the hare. These walk with difficulty, but leap with case.
The motion of leaping is not confined to animals furnished with legs; nor, even among these, is the action confined to the legs. Serpents are said to leap, by folding their bodies into several undulations, which they unbend all at once, according as they wish to give more or less velocity to their motion. The jumping maggot, found in cheese, erects itself upon its anus, then forms its body into a circle, by
bringing its head to the tail; and, having contracted every part as much as possible, unbends with a sudden jerk, and darts forward to a surprising distance. Many crabs and poduræ bend their tail, or hairs which supply its place, under their belly, and then suddenly unbending, give to the body a considerable degree of progressive motion.
4. Flying.—Flying is the continued suspension and progress of the whole body in the air, by the action of the wings. In leaping, the body is equally suspended in the air, but the suspension is only momentary. In flying, on the contrary, the body remains in the air, and acquires a progressive motion by repeated strokes of the wings on the surrounding fluid.
The centre of gravity of the bodies of flying animals, is always below the insertion of the wings, to prevent them falling on their backs, but near that point on which the body is, during flight, as it were suspended. The positions assumed by the head and feet are frequently calculated to accomplish these ends, and give to the wings every assistance in continuing the progressive motion.
The action of flying is performed by animals belonging to different classes. Among the Mammalia, bats display this faculty, by means of wings, formed of a thin membrane extending between the toes, which are long and spreading, the fore and hind legs, and between the hind-legs and the tail. In Birds, the wings, which occupy the place of the anterior extremities in the mammalia, and are the organs of flight, consist of feathers, which are stronger than those on the body, and of greater length. Among Reptiles, the flying lizard may be mentioned, whose membranaceous wings, projecting from each side of the body, without being connected with the legs, enable it to fly from one tree to another in search of food. A few Fishes are likewise capable of sustaining themselves for a short time by means
of their fins; these are termed flying-fish. The power of flight, among the invertebral animals, is confined to insects with six feet. Here the wings are distinct from the feet, and vary in number from two to four. They are membranaceous in their structure, and are, in general, covered with hairs or scales. Spiders are able to move in the air by means of their threads.
In the action of flying, the tail, especially in birds, is of great use in regulating their rise and fall, and even their lateral movements.
5. Swimming.—is the same kind of action in water, as flying is in air. The organs which are employed for this purpose, resemble the oars of a boat in their mode of action, and in general possess a considerable extent of surface and freedom of motion. The former condition enables them to strike the surrounding fluid with an oar of sufficient breadth to give progressive motion to the body; and the latter permits the same organ to be brought back to its former position for giving a second stroke, but in a different direction, and without offering so great resistance. The centre of gravity is so placed, that the body, when in action, shall rest upon the oars or swimmers, or be brought by certain means to be of the same specific gravity with the water.
The animals which are furnished with oars or swimmers, and are capable of performing this action, are chiefly confined to the vertebral, and to those with articulated limbs among the invertebral animals.
Swimming, however, is not confined to those animals which are furnished with oars or swimmers. Many animals move with ease in the water, by means of repeated undulations of the body, as serpents, eels, and leeches; or by varying the form of the body by alternate contractile and expansive movements, as the medusæ.
cles are only able to continue in exercise for a limited period, during which, their irritability diminishes, and the further exertion of their powers becomes painful. When thus fatigued, animals endeavour to place themselves in a condition for resting, and fall into that state of temporary lethargy, denominated sleep.
The positions assumed by animals during sleep, are extremely various. In the horse, they even differ according to circumstances. In the field he lies down, in the stable he stands. Dogs and cats form their bodies into a circle, while birds place their heads under their wings.
The ordinary time of sleep is likewise exceedingly various in different animals, and in the same animal is greatly influenced by habit. It in general depends on circumstances, connected with food.
It is probable, that all animals, however low in the scale, have their stated intervals of repose, although we are as yet unacquainted either with the position which many of them assume, or the periods during which they repose.
There are many animals in which the muscular filaments cease to be perceptible, as in many zoophytes; yet, when we see all the actions of the muscular fibres performed, such as contraction and expansion, we admit their existence from analogy, and repose the utmost confidence in our conclusions.
In the classification of animals, the organs of motion are very extensively employed. They, however, do not aid us in forming divisions of the highest kind, but they assist in the construction of subordinate groups. This may appear obvious by an examination of the facts stated in this chapter. Among Quadrupeds, for example, many walk, some fly, others swim, —among Reptiles, some possess feet, others
are destitute of them,—among Insects, the same species, in some genera, can either walk, fly, or swim at pleasure.
But although the characters furnished by the muscular system, are thus various and indefinite with regard to classes, they serve to mark the characters of species or genera with wonderful precision.
The three systems of organs which we have considered in the three preceding chapters, when viewed in connection, qualify the animal frame for the higher purposes of existence. The insensible parts of the skin, bones, and cellular membrane, are the rudiments of the singular fabric, and occupy, in reference to their functions, the lowest place in the scale. The muscles, though under controul, and occupying a subordinate situation, exercise functions of a higher kind. The quality of irritability which they possess, permits them to be excited to action by the application of certain stimulants, and likewise enables the nervous system to exercise its absolute controul over them. If all the motions of the body be performed by means of the muscles under the guidance of the nervous system, we must regard its functions as of a still higher kind; and a closer attention to its various characters, will induce us to assign to it the dominion of the body. To this system, as to a second class of functions, we now propose to direct the attention of the reader,
As the nervous system contains the organs of sensation and volition, and distinguishes animal from vegetable structures, it has long occupied the attention of anatomists, and is now employed by naturalists as the basis of systematical arrange-
ment. The discoveries with which these investigations have been rewarded, are indeed numerous; but much yet remains to be done, in order to ascertain the structure and actions of various parts of this system, and to reconcile the contradictory statements of different authors. In taking our view of the subject, it will be necessary to avoid all minuteness of detail, and to attend chiefly to those circumstances which characterise the different races of animals, instead of investigating the peculiarities of particular species.
1. Structure of the Nervous System.—The nervous system, as it appears in its most perfect form in the vertebral animals, consists of the Brain, the Spinal Marrow, and the Nerves.
The BRAIN occurs in the anterior part of the body, surrounded by the bony covering of the skull. Between the brain and the skull, there are three membranes which are considered as the integuments of this part of the nervous system. The exterior of these is termed the Dura mater, and may be considered as the inner periosteum of the skull. It forms various processes for dividing and supporting different portions of the brain, and contains, within its duplicatures, tortuous cavities for the reception of blood, which are called sinuses. Underneath the dura mater, is the Arachnoid coat; so named from its resemblance to a spider's web in thinness. Like the former, it is extended merely over the surface of the brain, without entering its various convolutions. The third membrane of the brain is termed Pia mater. It adheres every where to its surface, following the course of all its irregularities, and lining its different cavities. It is thin and vascular, containing nu-
The brain itself, in the more perfect animals, appears in the form of a soft, compressible, slightly viscous mass. It exhibits such differences in its texture, as to induce anatomists to consider it as composed of two distinct substances, to which they have applied the terms Cineritious and Medulary.
The cineritious, or cortical substance, as it is likwise called, is of a greyish colour, usually tinged with red, semitransparent, and, to the eye, appears to be homogeneous. It is soft and vascular in its texture. Injections penetrate its substance, and exhibit the existence of bloodvessels. "Its quantity, (says CUVIER,) with respect to the rest of the brain, decreases in the cold blooded animals. It is proportionally greater in man than in any other animals."
The Medullary matter is of a white colour, opaque, and of a firmer consistence than the cineritious. When examined with a glass, it appears to consist of fibres disposed in different directions. It possesses few bloodvessels, and injections do not penetrate to all its parts.
These two substances constitute not only the brain, but the spinal marrow and the nerves. They differ from each other in relative situation, according to circumstances. In the brain the cineritious matter is chiefly peripheral, while in the spinal marrow it is central. They cannot be distinguished, with certainty, as existing separately in the nervous system of the white blooded animals.
The chemical analysis of brain has hitherto made us but imperfectly acquainted with the ingredients of which it consists, or their peculiar state of combination. According to VAUQUELIN it is composed of
In professor JOHN'S examination of the cineritious matter of the brain of a calf, he detected the following salts:—muriat of soda, a sulphat,—the phosphats of lime, soda, ammonia, and magnesia, with a trace of the phosphat of iron, and silica †.
The brain in consequence of its structure, is usually divided into two portions, termed Cerebrum and Cerebellum.
The CEREBRUM occupies the whole frontal, coronal, and a great part of the occipital portion of the skull. Its peripheral portion consists of cineritious matter; its central, of medullary, here and there mixed with cineritious. Its surface is marked by numerous furrows, of various depths, and which are convoluted in different directions. It is divided longitudinally and vertically, by a deep fissure, which receives a duplicature of the dura mater, into two nearly equal portions, which are termed Hemispheres. These are convex externally, irregular beneath, and flat on the opposing surfaces. Each hemisphere is divided into three lobes; the anterior, which rests on the orbital plate of the frontal bone; the middle, occupying the cavity formed by the sphenoid and temporal bones; and the posterior, which occurs nearest the neck, and rests on the cerebellum. In descending between the two hemispheres, towards the centre,
a transverse hard and white membrane termed Corpus callosum, appears, of considerable thickness, convex, with its anterior and posterior extremities incurved. At each of these extremities, the hemispheres are united by a medullary cord, termed the anterior and posterior commissures. Underneath the corpus callosum, is the less dense partition, termed Septum lucidum, the inferior arched side of which is termed the Fornix. On each side of this division, the substance of the brain admits readily of a separation, exhibiting two cavities, termed the Lateral Ventricles of the brain, which are said to communicate with each other, near the middle of the fornix. In the lower and interior parts of each ventricle, there is a curved medullary prolongation, termed Cornu Ammonis. In the anterior part of each ventricle, there is a pyriform eminence, of a cineritious colour, and striated when divided. These are termed Corpora striata. Behind these, lie two other eminences, of a whiter colour, united by a soft transverse plate of medullary matter, forming what are termed Thalami nervorum opticorum. Between these, there is another cavity, termed the Third Ventricle of the brain. The communications between the different ventricles, and the fluids which they contain, are still subjects of controversy. Immediately behind the thalami lies the Pineal Gland, remarkable for containing small concretions, like sand, consisting of phosphate of lime. Beneath this gland, are situated four medullary eminences, termed Corpora quadrigemina, the two superior and anterior of which are called nates; the inferior and posterior, testes. In each lateral ventricle, there is a plexus of minute arteries and veins, which are expanded upon the optic thalami, the pineal gland, and corpora quadrigemina.
The CEREBELLUM occupies the inferior cavities of the occipital bone, and is covered by the posterior lobes of the cerebrum. Its surface is marked by transverse furrows,
which are parallel and contiguous. It may be considered as of a firmer consistence than the cerebrum, and containing a greater proportion of cineritious matter. When divided vertically, the medullary matter appears disposed throughout the cineritious, like the branches of a tree. This has given rise to the appellation Arbor vitæ. The cerebellum is divided longitudinally into two lobes or hemispheres, which are united with each other by means of a medullary part, termed the vermiform process, or third lobe of the brain. On the inferior surface, where it rests upon the commencement of the spinal marrow, there is a cavity, termed the fourth ventricle of the brain. It communicates with the third ventricle, by a passage which has been termed the Aqueduct of Silvius. In the bottom of the fourth ventricle, there is an angular impression, bearing a resemblance to a writing pen, and denominated Calamus scriptorius.
2. The SPINAL MARROW may either be considered as taking its rise from the brain, or as terminating in its substance. If we view it as originating from the brain, it consists of four cords, which are termed Crura, two of which proceed from the cerebrum, and two from the cerebellum. Those from the cerebrum arise between the anterior and middle lobes. The body formed by the union of these four crura, when contained within the cavity of the skull, is called Medulla oblongata. It is separated from the mass of the cerebrum by a medullary sheath, striated transversely, termed Pons Varolii or Tuber annulare, and is marked with a longitudinal furrow in the middle, and one on each side. Within each lateral furrow, there is a slight eminence, denominated Corpus olivarium; and, between this and the middle line, there are some longitudinal fibres, termed Corpora pyramidalia. In its progress downwards, in the canal formed in the vertebræ for its reception, it is
enveloped by the same integuments which we have already noticed as belonging to the brain itself. It differs from the brain, however, in the arrangement of its component parts, the medullary matter here occupying the surface, while the cineritious is disposed towards the centre in a cross-like form. It is divided longitudinally into two equal halves, by a channel which is very obvious on the dorsal aspect, and on each side there is likewise a groove. By some anatomists, it is considered as consisting of two medullary cords only, divided in the direction of the mesial line; while others consider it as consisting of four cords, two anterior and two posterior. Considerable support seems to be afforded to the last opinion, by the circumstance of its originating from four medullary cords, two from the cerebrum, and two from the cerebellum. The two former may be considered as forming the anterior, and the two latter the posterior portions. These cords, however, are brought into intimate union by numerous filaments, which pass from the one to the other. Mr SEWELL, of the Veterinary College, London, has ascertained the existence of a canal in the centre of the spinal marrow in the horse, bullock, sheep, hog, and dog. It extends, uninterruptedly, from the calamus scriptorius to the cauda equina; is lined by a membrane, resembling the tunica arachnoidea, and contains a transparent colourless fluid, like that which is contained in the ventricles of the brain *.
3. The NERVES may be regarded either as originating from, or terminating in, the brain or spinal marrow. We shall consider them, for the present, in the former point of view. The integuments of the nerves resemble, in appearance, those of the brain, closely invest them on all sides, and
preserve their form. Besides these, there is a delicate cellular membrane, containing bloodvessels, which penetrates the interior, and forms sheaths round the component filaments. This membrane is termed Neurilema. It may be exhibited by dissolving the substance of the nerve in caustic; potash; or the existence of filaments may be shewn by removing the neurilema by acids. In this last case, they may be observed anastamosing in various ways.
Some of the nerves appear to have a simple origin; but in general, several filaments, from different parts of the brain or spinal marrow, unite to form the trunk of a nerve. This trunk again subdivides in various ways; but the ramifications do not always exhibit a proportional decrease of size. It frequently happens, that the branches of the same or of different nerves, unite and separate repeatedly within a small space, forming a close kind of net-work, to which the name Plexus has been applied. Sometimes filaments pass from one nerve to another; and, at the junction, there is usually an enlargement of medullary matter termed a Ganglion. Numerous filaments, from different nerves, often unite to form a ganglion, from which proceed trunks frequently of greater magnitude than the filaments which entered. Thus nerves, very different in their origin, form communications with one another; so that the whole nervous system, may be considered as a kind of net-work, between the different parts of which, an intimate connection subsists. In consequence of this arrangement, it is often matter of very great difficulty to ascertain the origin of those filaments which unite to constitute the trunk of a nerve. In some instances, they appear to arise from the surface of the brain or spinal marrow; in other cases, from the more central parts.
The manner in which the nerves terminate in the different organs to which they are distributed, is still consi-
dered by many authors as undetermined. Mr CARLYLE, however, seems disposed to consider the question as of easy solution, and states the result of his investigations in the following terms:—"The terminal extremities of nerves have been usually considered of unlimited extension. By accurate dissection, however, and the aid of magnifying glasses, the extreme fibrils of nerves are easily traced, as far as their sensible properties and their continuity extend. The fibrils cease to be subdivided, whilst perfectly visible to the naked eye, in the voluntary muscles of large animals; and the spaces they occupy upon superficies where they seem to end, leave a remarkable excess of parts unoccupied by those fibrils. The extreme fibrils of nerves lose their opacity; the medullary substance appears soft and transparent; the enveloping membrane becomes pellucid; and the whole fibril is destitute of the tenacity necessary to preserve its own distinctness. It seems to be diffused or mingled with the substances in which it ends. Thus the ultimate terminations of nerves for volition, and ordinary sensation, appear to be in the reticular membrane, the common covering of all the different substances in an animal body, and the connecting medium of all dissimilar parts*." When it is considered that the nerves of sensation and volition exercise functions so very different from each other, they may be expected to exhibit corresponding differences in their connections and terminations. To detect these, the scalpel and the microscope are necessary, under the guidance of a mind habituated to observation, and cautious in its inductions.
The differences which may be observed in the nervous system of the vertebral animals are numerous, and have long occupied the attention of physiologists. But the ob-
servations which have been made on this subject, are too imperfect to enable us to determine, with precision, the peculiar functions of the different parts, or the effects which a modification of the form or situation of these parts is calculated to produce. Before taking any farther notice of this part of the subject, let us attend to the actual differences of form and structure exhibited by the different classes of animals.
From an examination of the brain of quadrupeds, birds, reptiles, and fishes, M. CUVIER draws the following conclusions, which mark the peculiar features of each of these classes.
"1. The character which distinguishes the brain of Mammalia from that of the other red-blooded animals, consists,
c. In the absence of ventricles in the optic thalami, and in the position of these thalami within the hemispheres.
5. The three last classes have, in common, the following characters by which they are distinguished from the first.
d. The absence of any tubercle between the thalami and the cerebellum, as well as the absence of the pons Varolii.
6. Fishes have certain characters in common with birds, which are not to be found in the other classes. These are,
7. Fishes and reptiles have, for a common character, distinguishing them from the two first classes, the absence of the arbor vitæ in the cerebellum.
b. The anterior ventricles double; the third and fourth single; the aquæductus Sylvii; the infundibulum; and a communication between all their cavities.
f. The union of the great single tubercle or cerebellum, by two transverse crura, with the rest of the brain,
9. It also appears, that there exist certain relations between the faculties of animals, and the proportions of their common parts.
Thus the intelligence they possess, appears more perfect in proportion to the volume of the appendix of the corpus striatum, which forms the vault of the hemispheres.
In proportion as we descend from man, we observe that it becomes smaller and smoother on the surface, and that the parts of the brain are less complicated with each other, but seem to be unfolded and spread out longitudinally.
It even appears that certain parts assume, in all classes, forms which have a relation to particular qualities of animals: for example, the anterior tubercula quadrigemina of carps, which are the most feeble and least carnivorous of fishes, are proportionally larger than in the other genera, in the same manner as they are in the herbivorous quadrupeds. By following these inquiries, we may hope to obtain some knowledge of the particular uses of each of the parts of the brain *."
In the animals without vertebræ, the brain is destitute of the protecting bony covering, which forms the head and backbone in the vertebral animals. The brain itself is much more simple in its structure. The cineritious and medullary parts, can scarcely be perceived as distinct; and all that appears to present is a cerebellum, with one or more tubercles, resembling a cerebrum, and nerves furnished with ganglia.
ture of the nervous system, in the different genera of invertebral animals, there may still be perceived two models, according to which, the organs belonging to it are arranged.
In the first, the brain is situated upon the œsophagus. It presents different forms, according to the species. It appears more like a ganglion, than, the brain of the vertebral animals. It sends off several nerves to the mouth, eyes, and feelers. One on each side passes round the œsophagus; these uniting below, form a ganglion; in some cases larger than what is considered the true brain. From this ganglion, nerves are likewise sent off to different parts of the body. The animals in which this nervous system prevails, belong to the great division termed MOLLUSCA.
In the second, the brain is situated as in the mollusca, sends out nerves to the surrounding parts, and likewise one nerve on each side, which, by their union, form a ganglion, from which other nerves issue. This ganglion produces likewise a nervous cord, which proceeds towards the extremity of the body, forming throughout its length ganglia, from which small nerves proceed; this cord, at its commencement, is, in some cases, double for a short distance. It has been compared to the medulla oblongata and spinal marrow of the vertebral animals. This kind of nervous system is peculiar to the Annulose Animals. There are usually ganglia on the nervous cord, corresponding with the number of rings of which the body consists.
This is a subject unquestionably the most interesting in the whole range of zoological science. Yet it is still involved in much obscurity, and will probably continue to be so, unless new methods of observation shall be devised, and more rigorous induction practised.
1. The Brain.—That the brain is the organ to which the impressions produced by external objects are conveyed, and from which the excitements to motion in the different parts are propagated, has been demonstrated by observation and experiment. We have already stated the complicated structure of this organ, and the variety in the texture and situation of its different parts. What, then, are the uses of each ? Physiologists have always been greatly divided in their opinions on this important subject.
Some, supposing that the seat of the intellectual operations must exist near the centre of the brain, have considered the pineal gland as the common sensorium. Others have bestowed the same honour on the corpus callosum, corpora striata, pons Varolii, and medulla oblongata. SŒMMERING considers the aqueous fluid, with which the ventricles of the brain are, in general, in part filled, as the common centre of sensation. According to GALL and SPURZHEIM, the various operations of sensation and volition, are performed in particular parts of the brain, every faculty or feeling having a distinct organ in which it is generated. The fore part of the brain, they consider as subservient to intellect; the middle to sentiments, and the back part to propensities. According to Mr WALKER *, the cerebrum is the organ of sensation, or the centre to which all the impressions are communicated, and in which deliberation is practised, while the cerebellum is the organ of volition. The nerves which terminate in the cerebrum, and the anterior columns of the spinal marrow, convey impressions to the mind; and the nerves which arise from the cerebellum and the posterior columns of the spinal marrow, execute the purposes of volition.
For the confirmation or refutation of these opinions, various methods have been employed, by physiologists and anatomists.
The dissections of the brain have, to a certain extent, pointed out its structure, and some of the modifications which it exhibits; but there are, few who will venture to assert, that the peculiar functions of the nervous system of any animal may be determined, by the appearances exhibited by the brain. How vastly superior are the intellectual powers of man to the monkey; yet the brains of both bear the closest resemblance to each other. By comparing the brain as it appears in the different classes of animals, we certainly witness very remarkable modifications of form. As we descend towards fishes, the cerebrum diminishes so much in size, that its total absence may be inferred in the lower classes. Observation confirms the supposition. It can scarcely be detected in the mollusca, and it is wanting in the annulosa. Now, if the opinions with regard to the uses of the cerebrum and its different parts were correct, we ought to find, in the animals which are destitute of the organ, a total want of the functions which it is destined to perform; (for we can scarcely suppose, that any of the other organs of the body can supply its place). But still we find, among insects, for example, not merely sensation and volition, but instincts, propensities, and deliberation, which, when they occur in the higher classes, are considered worthy of having peculiar organs set apart for their production. But the cerebellum still exists in these mollusca and annulosa; and may, therefore, be considered as exercising the functions of sensation and volition. Let us descend, therefore, to the inhabitants of the Corals or to the Hydræ; in these, neither brain nor nerves can be perceived. Yet they evidently possess both sensation and volition, and as evidently want a cerebrum and cerebellum.
In order to arrive at accurate conclusions on this subject, it would be of importance to examine the brain in a variety of species, with whose manners we are intimately acquainted. But as we know the characters or dispositions of few animals, with any degree of accuracy, except those which have been domesticated, our observations, for the present, must be imperfect, and our general conclusions premature.
Attempts have been made to determine the functions of the different parts of the brain, by attending to the effects of disease or injuries of its different parts *. There are however, peculiar difficulties attending this method of investigating the subject. Between the different parts of the nervous system, there is an intimate connection by means of what are termed sympathies. Hence, when we witness any derangement of the functions of the brain, it is, in many cases, difficult to determine the seat of the disease, or the various causes which combine in order to produce the effects.
2. The Nerves.— In considering the action of the nerves, it is necessary to attend to their effects in the production of sensation, of voluntary, and of involuntary motion.
a.Sensation.—In general, sensation is produced by an impression made on the external organs, and conveyed by the nerves to the common sensorium. That this is the ordinary course of sensation, is rendered obvious by experiment. We can protect the external organs from receiving the impression, or when received, stop its progress along the nerves by a ligature or section. It may therefore be asked, has any substance entered the nerves from the ex-
ternal object? The answer is obtained from an attention to a well established fact, that people who have had their limbs amputated, often experience sensations indicating the existence of the lost organs, and the presence of external objects making an impression upon these. Here is a sensation conveyed to the sensorium without an impression on the external organ, and arising, obviously, from a change in the condition of the remaining part of the nerve. The same fact demonstrates, that sensation is not produced by a vibration of the nerves, arising from the concussion of external objects, for it is excited without the external impression or concussion.
A sensation may likewise be produced, in certain cases, by means widely different from those by which, in ordinary cases, it is excited. Thus a blow on the eye, or the contact of two pieces of metal, zinc and copper for instance, one piece being placed under the upper lip, and another under the tongue, make us perceive a flash, in the same manner as if light had really struck the eye. This can only take place in consequence of a change in the optic nerve, similar to that which light itself produces.
The susceptibility of the sensitive faculty for receiving impressions, is liable to considerable variations, depending on the influence exercised over it by different circumstances. Thus, different medicines increase or diminish its sensibility, and inflammation frequently heightens it to a painful degree. In these cases, it appears obvious, that the causes which are considered as in operation, produce a change in the substance of the nerve, or its connections.
But the most obvious changes which take place in the sensitive faculty, are indicated by diminished energy, in consequence of continued action. This state of fatigue or exhaustion, must be known to every one who has attended to the sensation produced by a feeble impression, imme-
diately after the same organ has been acted upon by one of greater intensity. In this case, the feeble impression scarcely excites a perceptible sensation. Thus, weak sounds are not distinctly heard, when they follow those which are much louder; and feebly illuminated objects are scarcely visible, when the eye, immediately before, has been directed to those which are placed in a stronger light. If we look at a dark object on a white wall, and then direct the eye to another part of the wall, we shall still continue to observe the figure of the dark object, but now become apparently more bright than the wall itself. That part of the eye on which the image of the black spot fell at first, experienced a kind of repose, while the other parts on which the image of the white wall fell, were in action. The part, therefore, which was inactive, is now able to receive a stronger impression from the colour of the wall, than the other parts already fatigued by its influence *.
b. Volition.—The action of the nervous system in the functions of volition, bears a close resemblance to its operations as a sensitive faculty. In the case of sensation, however, the action excited in the nerve was communicated to the common sensorium; in this of volition, the action excited in the nerve, is communicated to the muscles.
The origin of volition may be traced to the impressions communicated to the brain by the sensitive faculty, or to changes taking place in the brain itself, independent of the action of external objects. In the former case, the volition follows the sensation, in some instances, after an observable interval, in others, it appears almost instantaneously. In the one there is an interruption of the circuit, if I may so speak, by the interference of the mind; in the other, the mind appears to exercise little or no controul. But whether
the volition be generated in the brain itself, or produced by the sensitive faculty, the action excited in the nerve appears to be the same. How this effect is produced, we are ignorant. There is no reason to consider it as the effect of the concussion of the brain on the nerves, producing vibration, but there is some reason for regarding it as the result of a change in the substance of the nerve, occasioned by the action of the brain.
Various substances applied to the brain, weaken its power of exciting this action in the nerves. But the same action may be excited in the nerves, independent of the brain. Thus, after the nerve has been separated from the brain, the galvanic fluid will so far excite its energies, as to throw the muscles, to which it is distributed, into as violent motions as if these had been produced by the ordinary process of volition. M. HUMBOLDT has employed this method in distinguishing the nerves from the small vessels. He uses two needles, one gold, another silver. A point of one is applied to the muscles, and a point of the other to the filament, the nature of which he wishes to discover, while the other extremities of these instruments are brought in contact. If the filament be a nerve, contractions immediately take place in the muscular fibre.
In whatever manner the impression is produced, it is propagated along the nerve in a direction opposite to that of sensation, being from the sensorium to the external organs. Its progress, however, is liable to be interrupted by the same causes as those which obstruct the propagation of sensation, namely ligature or section.
The powers of volition appear, like those of sensation, to be liable to fatigue. The continued effort of the will becomes painful, and if prolonged beyond a limited time, the nervous energy becomes exhausted, and the death of the individual ensues. If fatigued only in a moderate degree, the
nervous energy is recruited by repose. There are stated intervals, which differ according to the species, in which the powers of volition are allowed to rest, or the individual is said to sleep. This condition, we have seen, is likewise requisite, in order to recruit the peculiar irritability of the muscles employed for the purposes of voluntary motion.
The action which may thus be excited in the nerves subservient to voluntary motion, is communicated to the muscles. As it exists in the nerves, it is invisible in its operations; but when communicated to the muscle, its effects are obvious. The different particles of the muscle, enter into a more intimate union; it contracts, and its tenacity is increased to such a degree, that it is capable of suspending weights which would have torn it asunder when separated from the body. The act of the will by which the action has been generated in the muscle, can be suddenly altered, and the muscle permitted to return to its relaxed state, in the absence of the exciting cause. We are, however, ignorant of the nature of the change in the condition of the muscle on which the nerve has thus exerted its influence, and we are equally ignorant of the nature of that influence, or its mode of communication.
c.Involuntary Motion.—Besides those nerves which are employed in sensation and volition, there are others which are concerned in the production of involuntary motion. These are distributed to the various organs of digestion, circulation, and respiration, whose continued functions are necessary to existence. These nerves neither communicate to us distinct sensations, nor act immediately under the influence of the will. When the parts, however, with which they are connected, become inflamed, they then communicate to us painful sensations; and when the will is thrown into violent action, corresponding motions are excited in
those nerves which, in ordinary cases, are not under its controul. Substances irritating the muscles to which these nerves belong, excite them to action, but the nerves themselves resist the stimulus of galvanism or electricity.
Though they do not communicate these sensations to the sensorium, they appear to be, in some degree, excited to action by the contents of the vessels to which they are distributed. Thus, the blood excites the nerves of the heart, and the food those of the stomach and intestines. These nerves, in their turn, act upon the muscles of these organs, and enable them to execute the requisite movements.
The nerves of involuntary motion, chiefly take their rise from the ganglia. Hence we perceive some of the properties of these medullary knots, in the changes which they have produced on the nervous filaments in their passage through them. These nerves become incapable, in ordinary cases, of conveying sensations to the brain, or of executing the purposes of volition, and they have become less capable of being excited to action by the electric fluid. But the most remarkable change consists in their becoming capable of continued action through life, without being exhausted, or exhibiting any symptoms of fatigue. These circumstances favour the supposition, that the ganglia are destined to remove the nerves, to which they give rise, beyond the direct controul of the will, to bestow upon them new energies, and to form individual systems, capable of exercising, to a limited extent, independent powers *.
But although the nerves appear thus to occupy different situations, and to perform different functions, they are connected, and form one system, in which the different parts
* See "Essays on the use of the Ganglions of the Nerves," by JAMES JOHNSTONE, M. D. Phil. Trans. 1764, p. 177, and 1767, p. 118, and 1770, p. 30.
are more or less intimately related. This connection is very conspicuously displayed in those actions which arise from what is termed sympathy. Thus, an injury on the toe will sometimes bring on lock-jaw; certain smells will occasion sickness; terror will cause the heart to palpitate, the cheek to turn pale, and augment the secretions of the intestines and bladder. The sight of a good meal to a hungry man makes his mouth water.
This intimate connection between the different parts of the nervous system, is likewise very strikingly displayed in the case of poisons. Many kinds of poisonous substances, when applied to the stomach, speedily bring on death, by annihilating the energies of the nerves of that organ, and indirectly the vitality of the whole nervous system. The removal of the brain is likewise followed by the loss of power in the nerves.
But this intimate connection, between the different parts of the nervous system, becomes scarcely perceptible in the lower orders of animals. Where the bulk of the brain is greatest in proportion to the nerves connected with it, as in man, we find this union most intimate. As the bulk of the brain decreases in proportion to the bulk of the nerves, the connection ceases to be so close. In reptiles and fishes, this is so conspicuously displayed, that it becomes difficult to induce death. The brain, or the spinal marrow, may be removed, and yet the other functions of life still proceed for a considerable time. Among the mollusca, an equal want of sympathy among the different parts, is well known to prevail. As we descend still lower, to those animals in which the nervous system, instead of appearing in the form of brain, nerves or ganglia, is uniformly diffused, we observe scarcely any dependent connection between the different parts. When portions of the body are removed,
they are speedily reproduced, and the detached fragments even begin to enjoy an independent existence.
The power of the nervous system to repair the injuries it receives, or supply the loss of abstracted portions, has been sometimes called in question on very insufficient grounds. Its generation at the commencement of life, is surely more surprising than its production at an after period. But the subject has assumed a character different from mere conjecture. The numerous experiments of SPALLANZANI and others, to prove the power of reproduction in the cold-blooded animals, establish at the same time, the capability of the nervous system, in these animals, to reproduce abstracted parts. But this power is not confined to cold blooded animals. According to the experiments of Mr CRUICKSHANKS * and Dr HAIGHTON †, portions of the abstracted nerves of a dog were speedily regenerated, and the nerve restored to its ordinary functions. It is probable that portions of nerves are generated and destroyed periodically in those ruminating quadrupeds which have deciduous horns.
Are we to conclude, from the view which we have now taken, that the parts of the nervous system are homogeneous, and susceptible of a certain number of similar functions; that the apparently functions of each nerve depend on the organ with which it is connected,—to accessary circumstances, and not to the nature of the nerve itself? The opposite of all this appears to be the case. The nerves which are employed in sensation, obviously differ in their mode of action, from those employed for the purposes of volition, and hence we may reasonably conclude, that there is a corresponding difference in structure and composition. The same nerve may execute both functions; but in that case,
it probably consists of different filaments, each acting their peculiar part. This appears to be demonstrated in those cases where a nerve, upon being cut, has afterwards united, and, while capable of executing the action of volition, has become unfit for that of sensation.
It would be to no purpose to enquire into the nature of that action which is excited in the nerve, either in sensation or volition, because the subject is yet in obscurity, and its elucidation, perhaps, impracticable. The rapidity with which the functions of the nervous system are executed, have induced some to consider its action as performed by means of some fluid similar to electricity, secreted by the medullary matter, and restrained by the tunics of the brain and nerves. All this may be true, but it is without proof. Others, from contemplating the effects of electricity, on the parts of dead animals, have concluded, that the nervous and electrical fluids were identical. There is, however, one experiment, easily performed, which proves the fallacy of this conclusion. The nervous energy is suspended or destroyed by the compression or section of the nerve, while the electrical matter is not arrested in its progress, provided, in the latter case, the cut ends of the nerve are brought in contact *.
The effects of electricity on many of the organs concerned in the vital functions, in exciting them to action, may, at first sight, favour the supposition of its identity. Thus, the action of the lungs, heart, and stomach, may be continued for a short time, after the natural nervous influence has been removed. In these cases, however, although electricity can act on the irritability of the muscles, it is probably through the intervention of the nervous filaments, and may be occasioned by exciting the languishing energies of the inju red nerves, to expend the remainder of their strength.
Of the elementary nature of this exciting power, we indeed know nothing. Physiologists have termed it a secretion of the nervous system, without perceiving that, in the manner of its operations, it is essentially different from any other secretion in the system. That it results from organization, is disproved by the phenomena of death; that it is of an electrical or magnetical nature, is contradicted by the totality of its phenomena.
Having thus examined the structure of the nervous system, and attended to its functions of sensation and volition,—let us now take a view of the mind. The intimate connection which subsists between this mysterious part of the animal frame and the nervous system, points out this place as the most suitable for the investigation of the phenomena which it exhibits. But, in order to give to this subject the requisite illustration, it is necessary to examine more particularly, the nature of our different sensations, the organs employed in their production, and the kind of information which they convey to the mind, with regard to the properties of external objects.
IN the numerous references which we have hitherto made to the faculty of Sensation, as a display of the operation of the nervous system, we have considered it as indicating merely the presence of bodies, and as giving no information respecting their character. If we attend more minutely to this faculty, we shall find, that all the sensitive parts of the body, are not equally capable of warning us of the presence of the same kind of objects. The rays of light make no im-
pression upon the tongue or the fingers, indicating their presence, while they act with energy on the eye. The vibrations of the air make no impression on the eye, the mouth, or the nose, while they instantly act upon the ear. Sensation, therefore, is a generic term, intimating the capability of the nervous system to receive impressions of external objects; and it includes as many species as there are impressions calculated to act on one organ, and not upon another, distinguished by this common property, that they intimate the presence of objects.
The number of impressions which may be regarded as distinct species, is more extensive than is generally imagined, and would justify us in considering the term Sensation as the index of an order or class, rather than of a subordinate division. Philosophers, however, have agreed to reduce our sensations to five kinds, namely, those of Touch, Sight, Hearing, Taste, and Smell, to which I have ventured to add Heat.
When an impression is produced on any one of these senses, there is an intimation given to the mind, of the presence of an object with which that sense is more immediately connected. Thus, the sense of touch warns us of the contact of a body with our skin. Taste, smell, hearing, sight, and heat, of the presence of sapid, odorous, sonorous, luminous, and calorific bodies. The first impression of an object on the senses, conveys, therefore, little information, except that of presence or existence; and if the body producing the impression, be speedily withdrawn from the excited organ, our notions of its character will be very imperfect. But, if the object continues to act upon our sense, we begin to analyze the impression. By comparing it with some former impression, we discover the extent of resemblance or diversity; and, by varying the condition of the object, or the sense directed to it, we attempt to discover the circumstances, which give to the im-
pression its common or peculiar character. Our knowledge of objects, therefore, in reference to any particular sense, will be in proportion to the number of impressions, continued a sufficient length of time, which have been made upon that sense. In early life, we cannot analyse an impression, with any degree of accuracy, because we have few former ones with which to compare it. As we advance in life, our impressions increase in number, and consequently, our capability of analysing any one of them. In youth, we know but few of the relations of an impression; and, after a rapid and superficial examination, we turn away to a new object. In more advanced life, we can trace, in any impression, a much greater variety of relations to other impressions, and in doing this, we occupy much longer time in its examination. To this circumstance, we are disposed to refer the fickleness of children. When a new object is presented to them, they are much gratified; but as they can speedily trace its more obvious relations to all their former superficial impressions, it speedily loses its interest. If these observations be correct, we never could acquire an accurate knowledge of a solitary impression produced on any one of the senses; all our accuracy, on this subject, being the result of comparison.
When the senses are thus employed, in investigating the nature of impressions,—the objects which produce them, and the circumstances by which they are modified, they then become, what the leaders in the science of Mind have been pleased to denominate—ORGANS OF PERCEPTIONS. The knowledge we acquire of the relations of an impression, is usually termed idea, sometimes perception. The last phrase, however, is frequently used indiscriminately, to denote the presence of the impression,—the attempt to analyse its character,—or the knowledge which results from the examination. We are disposed to use Sensation to express
the first of these meanings, and Idea the last, and could we succeed in restricting Perception, to express the inclination, to examine, and the means which we employ, no inconsiderable portion of ambiguity would be removed from the statements of moral science.
In giving a general view of these organs of Perception, we shall offer a few remarks on their structure, mode of acting, and the kind of information each is calculated to convey to the mind.
The organ of Touch is widely distributed over the surface of the body. In the higher classes of animals, as quadrupeds, birds, and reptiles, it is supposed to be seated in the villous surface of the skin, where the cutaneous nerves terminate. In those places of this part of the corium, where the greatest inequalities prevail, the sense of touch is observed to be most acute.
In many animals, there are parts of the skin to which no nerves are distributed, as the hair, feathers, and horns, which, in consequence, are termed insensible. In such animals, the organs of touch are limited in their extent. But even in those whose skin possesses few of these insensible appendices, there are particular parts of the body where the skin is more sensible to the impressions of external objects, than in other parts; and where the sense of touch is considered more particularly as residing. Thus, in Man, the hand and foot convey to us the most accurate information connected with the sense of touch. The lips and tongue are likewise employed for a similar purpose. Among Quadrupeds, the monkeys have their sense of touch, in many respects similar to that of man; in others, it is seated in their lips, snout, or proboscis. In Brids, whose bodies are covered, to a great extent, with feathers, the sense of touch
must be confined to the feet and head. We accordingly find, that the villous surface of the skin is very conspicuous in the soles of the feet, particularly of rapacious birds, which use their toes for seizing their prey. In those birds with long bills, as snipes and woodcocks, which search for food among mud, the extremities of the mandibles are usually of a softer texture than the base, and evidently appear to possess an exquisite degree of sensibility.
But, even in those animals whose skin is considered as destitute of a villous surface, the presence of the sense of touch may be distinctly ascertained. In Fishes, the surface is covered with insensible scales; yet the contact of an object with the body is readily felt. About the mouth and head, however, of many species, there are places destitute of scales, usually more or less raised above the surface, which are usually considered as subservient to the purposes of touch, although the evidence of their utility in this respect is far from satisfactory. These are soft in their texture, pliable, and capable of various motions. They obtain different names, according to their situation. When placed upon the lips, they are termed cirrhi, on the head tentacula, and on other parts of the body fingers. In the Mollusca, the sense of touch more particularly resides in the tentacula. We may observe the application of these organs to the examination of the surface of bodies in the common slug. Among Insects, the antennæ, or feelers, as they are termed, are organs of touch, possessing, in some species, very great sensibility. Even among the Zoophytes, the sense of touch is present. By means of the cirrhi which surround their mouth, they are warned of the presence of their prey.
In the examination of the appearance of the sense of touch in the imperfect animals, it is difficult to ascertain, whether the information obtained by these cirrhi is confined to sen-
sation, (or a knowledge of the presence of objects), or if it includes, likewise, intimations of their qualities.
In order to excite to action the organs of touch, it is necessary that the body which communicates the impression, be brought into contact with them; and, in general, the more close and intimate the contact, the more correct is our information with regard to those qualities which it possesses, and which it is the business of touch to examine. Pressure appears to excite the nervous action of the organ, and when removed, that action ceases. It is obvious, therefore, that the perfection of any part, as an organ of touch, will depend, not only on its sensibility, but its pliability, or power of applying itself to the unequal surfaces of bodies, and to its extent, to enable it to touch a large surface at once.
The information communicated to the mind by the medium of touch, is more varied and extensive than that which is obtained by the aid of the other senses. It makes us acquainted with the dimensions of bodies,—their form, whether round or angular,—the condition of their surface, whether rough or smooth,—their structure, whether hard or soft, fluid or solid,—their connection, whether moveable or immoveable,—their gravity, whether heavy or light,— and their situation, whether near or distant.
These qualities, some of which are primary, and others secondary, are ascertained, by the organ of touch, in so correct a manner, that we are scarcely ever deceived with the knowledge thus acquired.
The accuracy of this sense is much improved by habit, and, in certain cases, where the other senses have been injured, as sight, this has acquired so great a degree of sensibility, as, in a great measure, to supply their loss. Thus, blind men are able to perceive their approach to a wall, by
effects produced on their skin by the air. These may arise from the resistance of that fluid, or other causes with which we are but imperfectly acquainted. Bats appear to possess this exquisite sensibility of touch, independent of habit or experience. SPALLANZANI has observed these animals, even after their eyes had been destroyed, and ears and nostrils shut up, fly through intricate passages without striking against the walls, and dexterously avoid cords and lines placed in their way. The expanded membrane of their wings is probably the organ which, in such cases, receives the impressions produced by a change in the resistance, motion, or perhaps temperature of the air. The susceptibility of being acted upon by these agents, which exercise a feeble influence over us, is a condition natural to these animals, and necessary to enable them to find their way in the dark caverns in which they dwell. It cannot therefore be regarded as one of those resources employed in time of need, in the case of bats, although it appears to be such in blind people. Man naturally moves but little in the dark, so that he does not require such susceptibility. It is, however, fortunate that his body is susceptible of acquiring it in the time of need.
The sense of touch appears, in man, to be able to obtain nearly all the information, with regard to external objects, which it is capable of receiving. In a few instances, the lower animals surpass us in the delicacy of this sense, as the bat, which is warned, indirectly, by its aid, of the presence of bodies, previous to coming in contact with them. The feelers of insects are likewise better adapted for exploring the condition of the surface of bodies, than any organ which we possess. But, in all these cases, the sensibility of touch is limited to particular qualities, or confined within narrow bounds. The human hand, on the contrary, by its
motions, the pliability and strength of the fingers, and the softness of the surface, is the most extensive and perfect organ of touch possessed by any animal.
The sense of touch is exclusively occupied with the examination of the conditions of resistance. Contact, therefore, is indispensably requisite for enabling the organ to act upon the object, and muscular exertion, to examine its condition. Neither of these are necessary to enable the sense of heat to act. Calorific rays emanate from a heated body, though at a distance, and, in order to ascertain their direction and intensity, no muscular effort is required. When the heated body happens to be in contact with us, we in like manner examine its conditions, in reference to temperature, without any muscular exertions, or rather, we try to avoid them. Thus, when I lay my hand upon the table, to examine its hardness or smoothness, I make an obvious muscular effort with my fingers; but when I lay my hand on the table to examine its temperature, I endeavour to check all motion, so as to keep my hand in the same position.
These qualities of the sense of heat, sufficiently distinguish it from that of touch, with which it has been confounded, and justify its establishment as a distinct power of perception.
The organ of heat, like that of touch, is seated in the skin, and appears to be co-extensive with those portions of it where the cuticle is thin and destitute of appendices.
By means of the sense of heat, we are enabled to judge of the relative quantity of caloric in our own bodies and in surrounding objects. When no sensation is produced, we conclude, that our body, and the object with which it is
compared, have the same temperature. When a sensation is felt, it arises from the difference of temperature, and the changes which the caloric is experiencing to bring about an equilibrium. When the body feels cold, the caloric is passing out of it into the neighbouring object; when the body feels warm, it is receiving heat. As the body is thus constantly either giving or receiving heat, in consequence of being surrounded with a variety of objects, changeable in their temperature, the information which it can communicate to the mind, in reference to its own temperature, or that of other bodies, is merely relative. Thus, an object which would feel warm to the body in one state, would feel cold in another. But though the information communicated to the mind by this sense, be not equally accurate with the indications of the thermometer, it exercises a powerful influence over our volition, and is intimately connected with our comfort. It gives warning of the approach or retreat of certain objects, when no other sense could have indicated their presence or change. It is a faculty common to all animals.
The organ of Sight, or the Eye, exhibits, in the different classes of animals, so many modifications of form and structure, that it is difficult to assign to each part its proper function, and to form a just estimate of the sensations which, under different circumstances, may be excited, or the ideas which may be communicated to the mind.
1. STRUCTURE OF THE EYE.—Among all the Vertebral Animals, including Man, there is a considerable resemblance between their organs of sight. Hence a very general description of their structure will suffice, to enable us to comprehend their peculiar functions, and to estimate the
(1.) Coats of the Eye.—There are two coats which may be considered as constituting the integuments of the Eye, and within which, the other essential parts are contained. These are, in the form of two cups, applied to each other at the margins, and hence the eye-ball approaches a globular form. The cup, which is situated with its convexity inwards, is termed the Sclerotic coat. Its texture is cellular, and is composed of filaments, which are interwoven in every direction. It possesses considerable opacity, tenacity, and flexibility. It determines the shape of the eye. Hence, in those animals whose eye-balls are more or less depressed, the sclerotic coat acquires a proportional degree of strength, to enable it to retain its form. In birds, for example, its anterior part is divided into two plates, between which, a circle of thin hard bones is interposed.
The sclerotic coat is perforated posteriorly, for the passage of the optic nerve. By some, it is considered as a continuation of the dura mater, forming a sheath for the protection of the nerve, and afterwards expanding to support its terminal enlargement, denominated the Retina. On its internal surface, a thin blackish membrane adheres, which has been considered as a prolongation of the pia mater.
The sclerotic coat not only preserves the form of the eye, but furnishes a firm support for the insertion of the muscles destined to regulate its motions. It is supplied with few bloodvessels, and possesses little sensibility.
The sclerotic coat protects the posterior part of the eye, but it is wanting on the anterior surface. Its place, however, is supplied by another membrane, termed the Cornea, which may be compared to the glass of a watch, the case resembling the sclerotic coat.
ed together by a compact cellular substance. It is thickest in the middle, becoming thinner towards the edges, wher it unites with the sclerotic coat. The line of junction exhibits considerable differences. In man, the edges are bevelled, and the cornea slides under the sclerotic coat. In the hare, the sclerotic coat divides at the edges, and embraces, like a forceps, the margin of the cornea. In the whale, the fibres of the sclerotic coat pass into the substance of the cornea, in the form of very delicate white lines.
The cornea is transparent. It possesses few, if any, bloodvessels or nerves. It is, however, porous, and readily admits the escape of the aqueous humour, as appears by the eye speedily becoming flat after death.
In insects, this membrane is hard and scaly, and supplies the place of the crystalline humour; while in the cuttlefish it is regarded as absent.
These two coats may be considered as forming the case of the eye. There are other membranes on their central aspect, which are usually classed along with them, which we shall now consider.
Immediately within the sclerotica, is the Choroides, a thin delicate membrane of a vascular structure. It lines the concave surface of the sclerotic coat, with which it is connected by cellular tissue, and by the nerves and bloodvessels which terminate in its substance. On its concave surface, its substance is compact and uniform in its texture, and has been regarded as a particular membrane, and termed Membrana Ruyschiana.
Towards the anterior part of the sclerotic coat, near its termination, the choroides is more intimately united with it, by means of a circular band of dense cellular substance, moistened by a whitish mucus, termed the Ciliary Ligament. From this band, numerous processes arise, which
project into the cavity of the eye-ball, and form a broad radiated ring. These projecting laminæ are termed Ciliary Processes.
After forming the ciliary ligament, the choroides still proceeds along the concave surface of the sclerotica, and parallel with it, until its junction with the cornea, when it forms another projection into the cavity of the eye-ball, termed the Uvea. It is here continuous, and constitutes an annular veil, perforated in the centre. Its anterior surface is covered, and intimately connected, with a membrane of a spongy, fibrous texture. This membrane is termed the Iris, and is well known as the seat of the colour of the eye. It is sensible to the impressions of light, and readily expands or contracts, according to circumstances; thus, enlarging or diminishing the size of the central perforation. The central aperture is termed the Pupil, and varies greatly in its dimensions and forms in different animals.
On the central surface of the choroides, including the ciliary processes and uvea, there is a slight villosity, to which there adheres a mucous pigment. This is usually dark coloured, and termed the Pigmentum nigrum, but, in some cases, it is light coloured approaching to white. This pigment is insoluble in water, but soluble in alkalies and the stronger acids. LEOPOLD GMELIN considers that it approaches the nature of indigo. On the temporal side of the bottom of the cavity of the eye, there is a small space destitute of this pigment, through which the colours of the membrana Ruyschiana appear. This spot is termed the Tapetum, and is peculiar to quadrupeds.
(2.) Humours of the Eye.—The cavity of the eye, formed by the coats which have been described, contains Fluids differing in consistency, form, and situation. They are divided into three kinds, termed the Vitreous, Crystalline, and Aqueous Humours.
The Vitreous Humour occupies the posterior and lateral parts of the cavity. It is convex behind, and concave before. It is invested by a delicate thin transparent membrane, termed the Hyaloid. At its anterior surface, it may be separated into two laminæ, between which, air may be introduced. This is the bullular canal of PETIT. The interior of this humour is divided by the same kind of membrane, into numerous cells. These are filled with a fluid, of the consistence of the white of an egg, which does not readily escape from them, even when the external membrane is punctured. This fluid consists chiefly of water, with a small quantity of albumen and gelatine.
The Crystalline Humour, or Lens, as it is frequently called, occupies the centre of the cavity of the eye. It is doubly convex, its posterior side resting in a concavity of the vitreous humour. It is enclosed in a membranaceous capsule, which is soft and transparent, and with which it is but loosely connected. The lens itself is denser at the centre than towards the circumference. It becomes indurated by boiling and by alcohol, and then exhibits its peculiar structure. It consists of an infinite number of concentric laminæ, formed from delicate fibres which proceed from two centres, situated at the two extremities of the axis. At each axis, there is the appearance of a membrane disposed in rays, from which the fibres originate. These rays vary in number, in different animals, from two to five. The rays of the one axis, are placed opposite the interstices of the other. The matter of the lens coagulates by boiling, and consists of water and albuminous matter, with a small quantity of cellular substance.
The Aqueous Humour occupies the remaining part of the cavity of the eye, in front of the crystalline. It is divided by the iris into two chambers. The anterior, which is the largest, occupies the space between that membrane and
the cornea; and the posterior, between the uvea and ciliary ligament, which is very small, and whose existence is even denied by some. The aqueous humour agrees with the vitreous in chemical composition, but it is less viscid. It is not lodged in cells, and hence it readily flows out when the cornea is punctured *.
3. Nerves of the Eye.—The position of the optic thalami, and their relation to the cerebral portion of the brain, have been already explained. From these thalami, the optic nerves take their rise. They are two in number, and in some animals, the nerve which proceeds to the right eye, originates in the left side, and the nerve of the left eye originates in the right. Each nerve is divided, internally, into a great number of canals, formed by the neurilema, which contain the medullary matter. This structure is displayed when the medullary matter is removed by maceration, and the nerve inflated and dried.
The optic nerve penetrates the sclerotica and the choroid coat, and becomes expanded on the concave surface of the latter, in the form of a delicate transparent membrane, without, however, adhering to any part of it. It extends to the ciliary ligament, terminating at the base of the processes. The internal surface, next the vitreous humour, is of a firmer consistence than the external, contiguous to the choroides, as it contains numerous minute bloodvessels. In some animals these surfaces can be separated, and the dense central lamina is termed the Arachnoid.
The retina is perhaps the most delicately sensible membrane of the animal frame. It is readily affected by the rays of light, which, when too intense, excite very painful sensations.
* The relative position of the different parts of the eye, is displayed most distinctly when the eye-ball is in a frozen state.
4. Muscles of the Eye.—In the vertebral animals, each eye is placed in a socket, situated in the bones of the face, and termed the Orbit. The eye-ball does not fill this cavity at its posterior part, but the remaining space is occupied with fat or gelatinous matter. The ball rests upon these, and is thus able to move, without being injured by friction. As the fat, in lean and old animals, is in a great measure absorbed, the eye appears, in such cases, sunk in the orbit. In some cases, the ball of the eye is supported on a footstalk, which enables the muscles to act on a longer lever, and admits of a greater extent of motion.
The muscles by which the eye is moved, have their origin in the walls of the orbit, and their insertion in the sclerotic coat. Tendinous fibres, however, pass on to the cornea, with which they become incorporated. In man, the four straight muscles of the eye can be separated from the sclerotica, and the external layer of the cornea demonstrated to be a continuation of their tendons. In birds, the same connection between the tendons and cornea prevails *. The muscles vary in number in different animals.
5. Glands of the Eye.—These bodies vary in form and number in the different classes of animals. In man, they consist of three kinds, the Lachrymal, and Meibomian, and the Caruncula Lachrymalis.
The Lachrymal gland is situated between the ball of the eye and the upper arch of the orbit, a little towards the temples. It consists of a number of small whitish granular bodies collected together into lobes. From these proceed several canals which descend through the substance of the upper eye-lid, and open on its internal surface. The fluid which is secreted is the Tears. This fluid, according to the observations of FOURCROY and VAUQUELIN, con-
sists of water, mucus, muriat of soda, soda, phosphat of lime, and phosphat of soda. Its taste is perceptibly saltish, although the saline ingredients do not exceed a hundredth part of the whole. The use of the tears is to lubricate the surface of the eye-ball, and protect it from dust and the drying influence of the air. They are not secreted in those animals which live in water. When the eye-lids close, the tears are pressed towards the internal angle of the eye, from whence they are conveyed to the nose through the lachrymal sac. The opening into this sac is either by a single fissure, or by two small pores, the mouths of two canals which are situated at the nasal angle of the eye, and termed puncta lachrymalia.
The Meibomian Glands are situated in the substance of both eye-lids. They consist of small follicles, arranged in vertical lines, terminating in small round holes on the edge of each eye-lid. The albuminous substance which they secrete, covers the margins of the eye-lids, and while it prevents the tears from flowing out, preserves the tarsi from adhering to each other.
The Caruncula Lachrymalis is situated at the internal angle of the eye-lids. It is a roundish reddish mass, secreting a thick whitish humour, which is supposed to protect the lachrymal pores. The Harderian gland, which occurs nearly in a similar situation, and secretes a fluid somewhat similar in its properties, although not found in man, is observable in many quadrupeds, and in birds.
6. Coverings of the Eye.—The external coverings of the eye are all derived from the common integuments, more or less altered in their texture. They may be regarded as three in number, and described under the names, Eye-lids, Nictitating Membrane, and Conjunctiva.
The Eye-lids, when present, are generally two in number, the one protecting the upper half of the eye, and term-
ed the Upper eye-lid; the other, which covers the inferior portion, is termed the Under eye-lid. These meet in a line, which usually observes a horizontal direction. The margins of both eye-lids are thickened by the cells of the meibomian glands, and rounded, so that when they meet on the eyeball, there is a conduit formed for the tears within. The Tarsus, as the margin is termed, is still farther strengthened for supporting a row of hairs, called Cilia, or eye-lashes. The eye-lids exhibit considerable difference in their motions. In some animals, both eye-lids are capable of approaching eath other, while in others, only one eye-lid is able to move, either the under rising upwards to join its antagonist, or the upper descending for the same purpose. In one fish, (Tetraodon mola or Sun-fish,) the eye-lid is single, circular, with a perforation in the centre, the aperture contracting or enlarging according to circumstances.
The Nictitating Membrane, or third eye-lid, as it is sometimes called, is of a more delicate texture, and more liberally supplied with bloodvessels than the eye-lids, and is even transparent in some animals. In many animals it is single, situated at the nasal angle of the eye, within the eye-lids, or on the interior of the under eye-lid. In others it is double, situated at each corner of the eye. In some cases it is destitute of motion, while in others it is capable of covering the eye-ball, by extending in a horizontal or vertical direction, according to its position.
The Conjunctiva forms a permanent and continuous covering on the eye-ball itself. In man, it adheres so closely to the cornea, that it cannot be separated unless by maceration. In other cases, where there are no eye-lids, and where the skin passes directly over the eye, the adhesion is very slight. In almost all animals the conjunctiva is transparent where it passes over the cornea, but is usually thickened and coloured when it covers the sclerotic coat, form-
ing what is called the White of the eye. In some animals, however, (as the Myxine glutinosa of Linn.) this membrane is so thick and opake, as it passes over the eye, scarcely differing from the skin on the rest of the body, as to render the eye beneath useless as an organ of sight.
As connected with the eye, we may here take notice of the eye-brows or supercilia. These form a screen to protect the eye from too much light,—intercept the sweat flowing down the forehead,—and greatly contribute to the expression of the countenance.
The observations which we have hitherto made, illustrative of the structure of the organs of vision, relate to the more perfect animals. Among the Gasteropodous Mollusca, the eye is too minute to admit of accurate dissection. It appears as a black spot, convex, however, on the surface, and furnished with a nerve from the cerebral portion of the brain. Among the Annulose animals, black spots are observed in many species, but to which no nerves have been traced; while in others the nervous filaments have been detected. Even in the apparent absence of the nerves, these spots have retained the name of Eyes, and the analogy on which their claim to be so denominated rests, is far from remote. Such black spots in the annulose animals are termed simple, in opposition to other organs which are termed compound eyes. The surface of the compound eyes is convex, and, when viewed through a microscope, appears to consist of a number of hexagonal facets, slightly convex, forming a hard elastic membrane. Each facet is concave internally, but always appearing thicker in the middle than at the edges. Behind this external compound plate, which may be regarded as a cornea, or aggregation of lenses, there is a close covering of an opake substance. On the posterior part of this last substance, there is a fine delicate membrane of a black colour, having behind it an expansion of the
optic nerve, which may be considered as the common retina. Nervous filaments proceed from this retina, penetrate the black membrane, which has been regarded as the choroides, and proceed to the concave surface of each facet, between which the opake matter only is interposed. We may consider the retina in these animals, in the light of a ganglion, and the individual filaments as the separate branches of the retina.
Some of the annulose animals have only these compound eyes, others only the simple ones, while many species are in possession of both kinds.
Rays of light emanate from luminous bodies in all directions, and the eye may be regarded as an optical instrument destined to act on these rays, and produce an impression on the retina, indicative of their colour, intensity, and direction.
These cones, or pencils of rays, falling upon the convex and transparent cornea, have their direction changed, and are made to converge. The effect is increased by the three humours of the eye through which the rays pass, so that they meet at a point beyond the vitreous humour, which, by opticians, is termed the Focus. Here the retina is spread out to receive the impression, and to communicate the same to the mind.
No object is visible to the eye, unless the angle formed by its extreme points exceeds thirty-four seconds of a degree. In order to render the impression distinct, it is necessary that all the rays which proceed from any one point of a body, should be collected in one point of the retina, and that all the points of union thus formed, should be disposed in that organ, in the same relative position as in the body from which they emanated. For the accomplishment of this
purpose, the humours of the eye are so adjusted, in their form, density and refractive power, as to prevent any dispersion or decomposition of the rays. They thus act in a similar manner to the compound object-glasses of an achromatic telescope.
As animals reside in different media, it is obvious that the eyes of each must possess different refractive powers. In the land animals the cornea is usually convex, and the aqueous humour abundant; while in aquatic animals the former is flat, and the latter in small quantity. In land animals, the aqueous humour possesses great power of refracting rays, passing to it through air, aided likewise by the convexity of its surface. But its refractive power in water would be comparatively weak. This defect, however, is supplied by the spherical form and great refractive power of the lens, as may be seen in whales, diving-birds, and fishes.
When we look at the image of an object in the focus of a convex lens, or in that of the natural eye of a recently slaughtered bullock, prepared by removing the coats on its posterior side, and thrown upon white paper, we observe a picture formed, but in a reversed position,—the rays of light emanating from the upper part of the object forming the lower part of the image, and those from the right proceeding to the left. If the retina, in the living eye, be considered as occupying the place of the white paper in these experiments, it must follow, that the image of any object thus painted on the retina will be inverted. How comes it to pass, therefore, that we see every object in its natural upright position? All this difficulty originates in a misconception of the nature of the retina, and the impressionsich it receives. There is no white screen in the eye, on which the image of an object can be painted. The retina is translucent, and the choroid behind it is black. The retina is not, therefore, acted upon by the reflected
rays of the inverted image, as our eye is, when looking on the picture formed on the white paper, but by the direct rays from the object passing through its substance. We do not, therefore, see the picture of the object, but the object itself. And as we see the object, or any part of it, in the direction of those rays which proceed from them, and which produce the sensation, it follows, that the eye really sees objects in their natural and relative situation.
It is well known that the eye discerns objects placed at different distances. As the rays of light, which reach the eye from a distant object, are nearly parallel, they will converge into a focus nearer the humours than those rays which proceed from near objects and which are more divergent, and, consequently, will unite in a focus still more remote. In order to obtain distinct vision in these different circumstances, either the retina must recede or approach, according to the focal distance; or, if we suppose the retina stationary, the lens must move, or experience a change in its refractive powers, by an alteration of its form or density; or, in viewing near objects, those rays only may be admitted which are nearest to the axis, and which are consequently the least diverging. But physiologists are by no means agreed in their opinion of the means employed by nature for this purpose.
The sclerotic coat is considered by some as subservient to this end. They suppose that the muscles compress it, and that the humours are thus pressed forward, to encrease the convexity of the cornea, and enable it more readily to converge the rays. But while the sclerotic coat is flexible in man, whose eye is globular, and easily retains that form by the humours pressing equally in all directions, it is nearly inflexible in many animals whose eyes possess this adjusting power, but which are more or less removed from a spherical form. It is indeed pretty obvious, that the use
of the sclerotic coat is to preserve the form of the eye, to furnish points of insertion or attachment, for the muscles which move the eye-ball, and to support the delicate membranes which line its central surface. At the same time, the action of the straight muscles on this organ, when flexible, must have a tendency to alter the form of the contained humours, and in this manner part of the desired effect may be produced.
The cornea has likewise been considered as the instrument, by which the eye is able to exercise the power of seeing objects at different distances. This effect has been supposed to take place by the elasticity of the laminæ of the cornea, acted upon by the straight muscles, with which it is so intimately united. But the effect produced in this manner, is considered by many so small as to be incapable of accounting for the display of the power we are now considering. More recently, Mr CRAMPTON has demonstrated the existence of a muscle in birds, capable of changing the form of the cornea, and which he considers as the organ employed to alter the convexity of the eye*.
When we look first at a near and then at a distant object, or the reverse, we feel that a muscular effort is required for the adjustment of the eye, to the change in the distance of the object to which it is directed. This exertion becomes very evident, when we look at a spot on one of the panes of glass in a window, and then look through the glass in the direction of the spot to some distant object, as a tree or house. What are those muscles which are called into exercise? The manner in which the effort is made, leads irresistibly to the belief, that the straight muscles are excited to action, and may either act upon the sclerotica or cornea, according to the conditions of these objects, or upon
both, and thus alter the form of the humours, or change their relative position with regard to the retina.
The crystalline lens has also been regarded as possessing the power of changing its form, and varying the focal distance of the eye, either in consequence of the action of the ciliary processes, or of a change in the internal arrangement of its parts. Its structure, as displayed by LEUWENHOEK*, YOUNG†, and others, after coagulation by heat or alcohol, is considered as muscular. But as it contains no fibrin, and is even soluble in water, with the exception of a small portion of extremely pellucid membrane, its muscular power is denied by some. Its increasing density towards its centre, rather indicates a cellular structure, the cells being filled with pellucid matter of different degrees of concentration. It may be added, as a still more decisive proof that this power of varying the focal distance is not seated in the crystalline, that when the lens is extracted in the disease termed the Crystalline Cataract, the limits of distinct vision suffer no diminution.
When we look at objects within the limits of distinct vision, the iris expands, so that the aperture of the pupil becomes contracted. In this manner the least diverging rays only are admitted, and distinct vision obtained.
By this arrangement, it is probable that the eye accommodates itself to objects at different distances, within the limits of distinct vision, as it is known to do by the same means in reference to the quantity of light.
The evidence in favour of this function of the iris appears to me to be conclusive. The enlargement and contraction of the pupil, are confined, indeed, within narrow limits, but so is the extent of distinct vision within the ordinary limits. There is a particular range of minute in-
spection, within which the pupil enlarges and contracts, according to circumstances. Within this range vision is distinct; beyond it, at either extremity, it is obscure. When, however, we are able to assist the iris by any contrivance, the range of distinct vision is enlarged. Thus, in reading a book, the page is kept at least six inches from the eye; and when brought much nearer, the rays entering the eye to form the image of the letters possess two great a degree of divergence, and vision is obscure. When, however, we look at the letters through a pin-hole in paper, held close to the eye, we prevent the rays of greatest divergence from entering the pupil, admitting only those which are nearly parallel, and the resulting image is so distinct, that we can read print brought within an inch and a half of the eye. The pin-hole in paper is therefore the simplest kind of microscope, but the eye is fatigued by using it. When an object, beyond the limit of minute vision, is viewed through a smaller aperture than the pupil, a more obscure image is formed than when the eye is uncovered, and the same object ceases to be visible at a shorter distance *.
* The following experiment by Mr DUNCLISON, countenances the view taken above: "A portion of the newly prepared extract of Belladona, for the sake of experiment, was inserted between, and applied to the eye-lids; in consequence, in the space of about twenty minutes, the pupil was so much dilated, that the iris was almost totally invisible. From the time the pupil attained to three times its natural dimensions, objects presented to this eye, with the other closed, were seen as through a cloud; and as it proceeded to the point of extreme dilation, this effect gradually increased, so that minute and near objects, as letter-press, &c. could not be at all distinguished. By means of a double convex lens, the focus of this eye was found to be at twice the distance of that of the sound eye; the iris, however, dilated upon the sudden emission of light; and although the pupil approached by almost imperceptible degrees for six days to its natural size, yet, at the end of that time, it was dilated to twice the size of the other; and, in proportion as the contraction took place, the sight became more distinct, and the focus nearer the natural. In the open air, all objects, except those near, were distinctly seen, but immediately on entering a room, all was again enveloped in mist." Annals of Philosophy, vol. x. p. 432.
When it is considered that the supporters of these various opinions have discovered in each of the parts of the eye which have been referred to, a provision for enabling it to see distant and near objects, it seems not unreasonable to conclude, that the same part may not exercise the same function in all animals, but, in the different classes, be assisted or superseded by those with which it is connected. It is likewise probable, that the necessity of this power of adjustment may not exist to the extent which has been supposed, and that the limits of distinct vision are included within a narrow range. The human eye sees objects most distinctly at the distance of from six to ten inches. When these are removed to a greater distance, we do not perceive so clearly the shades of colour, or the inequalities of the surface, and this indistinctness of vision increases with the distance. The action of the straight muscles, however, serves in some degree to correct the defect. But, in looking at distant objects, we are assisted greatly in our perceptions by our former experience; so that it may often happen that the praise which we bestow on the sightfulness of the eye, is due to the readiness of the recollection. Microscopical inquiries are seldom prosecuted so habitually as to furnish the same aid to the unassisted eye, when viewing objects within the range of minute vision.
Some physiologists have been disposed to conclude, that the formation of a perfect image on the retina, is not essential to distinct vision; and the following experiment of M. DE LA HIRE, has been brought forward in support of the opinion: "If a small object placed at that distance from the eye, at which vision is most distinct, be viewed through
three pin-holes, so disposed, that the interval between the most distant of them shall not exceed the diameter of the pupil, the object will be seen single; but if the object be brought either within or beyond the limits of distinct vision, it will be seen multiplied as many times as there are holes in the card, and each of the three images will be as perfect as the single one*." If the statements here made be correct, it must follow, that objects may be seen distinctly by rays which do not accurately converge on the retina. These three images are formed from three pencils of rays, which, as they possess different degrees of divergence when they strike the eye, must converge at unequal distances behind it, and be intersected by the retina under different circumstances. But upon repeating the experiment, I obtained very different results. Upon looking through three pinholes, placed on a line, the distance of the lateral ones from each other, not exceeding the diameter of the pupil, at a small dot made upon white paper, lying six inches distant from the eye, the dot appeared single. But when I brought the dot within three inches of the eye, and viewed it through the perforated card, keeping the central hole opposite the optical axis, the images of three dots appeared; differing, however, in their distinctness, the central image being clear, the lateral ones obscure. It is obvious, in this case, that the cone of rays which entered the middle pin-hole, possessed least divergence, and, consequently, converged nearly at the focus of parallel rays, the ordinary station of the retina. But the cones of rays which entered the lateral holes possessed greater divergence, and consequently met in points beyond the retina, or were truncated previous to their convergence into a focus. The images which they formed, were therefore ill defined. When one of the lateral holes
was brought into the optical axis, the image formed by the rays which passed through it, was distinct, the image of the rays of the central hole was rendered obscure, and the rays of the remote lateral hole not entering the eye, only two dots appeared.
When I placed the dot at the distance of a foot from the eye, and then interposed the perforated card, only one image was formed, nor did more appear when the eye was removed to a greater distance, or brought a short way within the limits of distinct vision. In this case, the rays which entered the different holes were nearly parallel, and consequently converged at one point.
When I placed the dot and the perforated card, as in the first experiment, within the limit of distinct vision, where three images appeared, and gradually removed the dot beyond that limit, the three images still continued to appear even at that distance, where only one would have been visible, had the perforated card been there interposed for the first time. In like manner, when the dot, viewed through the perforated card, beyond the limits of distinct vision, and appearing single, is brought nearer the eye, it will still appear single within that distance; at which, if viewed for the first time through the card, three images would have been formed. These appearances are similar to those which take place in the eye, in ordinary circumstances. We see a dot upon paper at a greater distance, if first viewed at the limit of distinct vision, and then gradually withdrawn, than when the eye is directed towards it for the first time in its remote station; and the same thing takes place with objects held close to the eye. In these cases, the action in the retina is continued by a weaker impression than is requisite for its first excitement. These results warrant the conclusion, that the rays which do not
The power of seeing objects beyond or within the ordinary limit of distinct vision, is greatly strengthened by habit. Thus, a sailor will discern the masts of a vessel appearing at a distance in the horizon, where nothing is visible to the eye of a landsman. In like manner, a botanist will detect a Lecidea on a rock, or the entomologist a fly, where an ordinary observer would perceive no trace of organized existence.
Some animals are destined to perform the functions of vision in the full light of day, while others are confined to the obscure light of the evening or night. In the animals of the former class, termed diurnal, the mucous pigment of the eye is of a dark colour. The purpose which it is supposed to serve, is that of absorbing the rays of light, after passing through the retina, and of preventing any reflection of the rays taking place in the lateral parts of the eye, and disturbing the image of the objects so contemplated. Where the tapetum exists, however, a portion of the rays must be reflected; but the reflection in this case may be so regulated, as to assist rather than disturb the action of the retina. In animals which seek their food in the dark, the eye is usually of a large size; the pupil is wide, to admit a greater number of rays; and the pigment and tapetum pale coloured, approaching to white. In these animals, as the cat, for example, whose eyes are so constructed, that the choroides reflects, instead of absorbs the rays of light, it is difficult to determine whether the reflected rays act upon the retina, and excite vision in their passage outwards, as is generally supposed; or pass through the retina outwards, without exciting any action, to be thrown on the obiect, in order to increase the distinctness of its image, by an increase of its light. It is not, indeed,
probable, that both surfaces of the retina are equally adapted for receiving impressions of external objects; and, judging from analogy, it is probable, that the rays in their passage inwards alone produce the image *.
In some individuals of certain species of quadrupeds and birds, the mucous pigment is entirely deficient; so that the choroid coat is visible through the iris. This deficiency is always congenital, and is connected with a defect of the secreting organs of the colouring matter of the hair and feathers. Such animals are called Albinoes. Their eyes are tender, and impatient of light †.
Many animals can only see an object with one eye at a time. But in other animals, as man. both eyes may be directed at once to the same object, so as to produce an image in the retina of each eye. Still, however, we see objects simple; and this single vision has, by some, been ascribed to habit. It is, however, probable, that vision is always single, when the images fall on precisely the corresponding points of both retinæ, and only double where this condition does not exist. Were this not the case, the compound eyes of insects would exhibit objects multiplied to an extent
† BLUMENBACH, in reference to this subject, offers the following interesting observations. "It is well known that this pigment is entirely, or for the greatest part, deficient in the eye of the albinces or chacrelas; which strange variety occurs, not unfrequently, in the human race, and in several mammalia and birds. I know, however, no instance of an albino among cold-blooded animals. This anomalous deficiency is always congenital; and is connected with a want of the colouring principle of the skin, and of the hairs and feathers. It is hereditary in some mammalia, so as to form a constant breed of white animals, viz. in the rabbit, mouse and horse, (which latter are those called glass-eyed.) I cannot believe that any whole species of warm-blooded animals should originally want this pigment; and, therefore, I consider the ferret, (Mustela furo,) to have descended from the polecat (M. putorius.") Comparative Anatomy, Trans. Note to p.363
which no habit or experience during their limited existence could reduce. I have observed, that children, from the time that they are capable of fixing their eyes steadily on any object, direct both of them towards it; and this effort they do not seem capable of making, until the iris has acquired the power of dilating and contracting.
3. KNOWLEDGE OBTAINED BY THE SENSE OF SIGHT.— The information communicated to the mind by means of the sense of sight, is, perhaps, more varied than that of touch, but it is less accurate. The qualities and conditions of objects primarily ascertained by this sense, may be restricted to colour and direction merely. It is true, that we rely on the information which it communicates with regard to the distance, form, size and condition of the surface of bodies; but in these cases we are apt to be deceived, unless aided by the recollections of the sense of touch.
The eye is the only organ of the body, which is fitted to examine the quantity, quality, and motions of the rays of light. Hence we owe to it all our ideas with respect to the colour of bodies. We readily perceive the limits of different coloured spaces, and thereby ascertain their shapes and degree of illumination. Aided by the experience and the sense of touch, we speedily judge of the boundaries of objects themselves, by the distribution of colours, and their distance by their brilliancy. But in order to preserve the eye in a condition capable of perceiving correctly the differences along bodies with respect to colour, it is necessary that it be prevented from looking long on any one colour at a time, least the retina become fatigued, and less easily excited to receive impression. When the retina is thus fatigued, the eye ceases to judge accurately with regard to colour, seeing those only which have been termed accidental.
Thus, as has been already stated, if we look steadily at a white spot, and afterwards turn the eye towards white bodies, a dark spot will be perceived by the eye. If we look at a red spot on a white ground, and then direct the eye to another part of the white ground, a green spot approaching to blue will be perceived. In the first case, the retina was fatigued by the white colour, and could not be excited by any other colour, having the rays which constituted it in its composition. The accidental colour was, therefore, black. In like manner, after looking at the red spot, the retina was insensible to the impression of a compound colour, having red rays in its composition; hence, the accidental colour consisted of the other rays of the prismatic spectrum, forming a colour destitute of red.
The eye, in general, communicates accurate information with regard to the direction of objects. The sources of error in this case are few; and seldom interfere with the wants or the enjoyments of the species. They arise either from the reflection or refraction of the rays which proceed from the
objects exciting the sensation. Rays reflected from a mirror, exhibit to us objects in a direction in which they do not exist; and a similar deception is successful, when we mistake the shadow for the substance. Rays which are refracted in passing through media of different densities, likewise exhibit objects in the direction in which they do not exist. The rays of light from an object in water, coming obliquely to our eye, in air, are deflected from the perpendicular, so that it appears nearer the horizon or higher in the water, than it actually is, as is seen by immersing the lower end of a pole in water. On this principle it is well known, that the bottom of a river appears nearer the surface, or the water seems shallower than it really is, a deception which has proved fatal to many who have ventured into streams with which they were unacquainted. In attempting to kill fish in the water with a spear, this source of error will prove very inconvenient, until corrected by experience. Herons, gulls, soland geese and other animals which dart from the air upon their prey in the water, must often miss their aim in youth, from this optical illusion. When rays of light pass from an object in the air, to an eye in the water, they are bent towards the perpendicular, and the object appears nearer the zenith than it actually is. Trouts and other fish, which occasionally catch insects flying over the surface of the water, must learn to avoid this source of error, or meet with frequent disappointments. There is one fresh water fish, a native of India, the Chætodon rostratus, or Shooting Fish, which is able to correct this error with wonderful dexterity. "When the Jaculator fish intends to catch a fly or any other insect, which is seen at a distance, it approaches very slowly and cautiously, and comes as much as possible perpendicularly under the object; then the body being put in an oblique
situation, and the mouth and eyes being near the surface of the water, the Jaculator stays a moment quite immoveable, having its eyes directly fixed on the insect, and then begins to shoot, without ever shewing its mouth above the surface of the water, out of which the single drop shot at the object, seems to rise.* "No part of the mouth is seen out of the water; and it shoots a great many drops, one after another, without leaving its place. Another fish, termed Zeus insidiator, is known to exhibit the same habits. These errors of refraction thus corrected by the fish, are, perhaps, in a great measure, avoided by birds, and other fishes, by confining their attempts to seize their prey to a perpendicular direction, in which no refraction takes place.
In examining the colour and direction of objects, the eye is seldom assisted by the other senses; and the information which it communicates, is in general correct. But it is otherwise in judging of the magnitude, the distance, or the condition of the surface of bodies.
We judge of the Magnitude of an object, by the different colours which it exhibits, in comparison of the colours of those objects by which it is surrounded. When the same colour pervades the whole, we must remain in doubt, so far as the eye alone is concerned, and even in those cases where there is a great dissimilarity of colour, we are at a loss to determine, whether the difference is produced by the margin of the body itself, or only a portion of its surface. Even after we have determined that the limit of the particular colour marks the boundary of the object, we have still to ascertain the angle which its extreme points form with the eye. But as the size of the angle depends not only upon the real magnitude of the body, but its distance, it
is obvious, that the sources of error are numerous, and that the information thus gained is of little value, unless corrected by the experience of the sense of touch.
As we judge of the magnitude of objects, by the angle which they form with the eye, so, in like manner, do we employ the same means to determine their Distance, when restricted to the organs of vision alone. But as bodies of the same dimensions, when placed at different distances, will form with the eye different angles, and as bodies of unequal dimensions may be so arranged, as to appear under the same angle, our notion of distance acquired by unassisted vision, must likewise be very imperfect. It is true, that in judging of the distance of objects, their degree of illumination is likewise attended to. But as objects are not always luminous in proportion to their proximity, it may often happen that this character, instead of contributing to an accurate result, shall rather generate error.
In judging of the condition of the Surface of any object, in order to ascertain its inequalities by means of the eye, we attend to the degree of illumination of the different parts, and form our opinions from the manner in which the light and shade are distributed. But as the eye has not the power of perceiving the difference between a dark ground and a shaded place, nor between an illumined and a white spot, it is obvious, that, without the assistance of the sense of touch, it could not be determined whether the surface was rough or smooth, pitted or even.
The eye assists us in determining the Motions of bodies; but, like its intimations with regard to size and distance, it frequently misleads us. Thus, when an object is moving in a straight line from us, it appears as if at rest. When sailing on a river in a boat, the objects which are stationary on the banks seem to be in motion, while the boat which is in motion appears to be at rest. In like manner, the sun
seems to move, and the earth to be stationary. When bodies move with great velocity, as a cannon ball, they are invisible; or when the motion is very slow, as the index of a clock, it is likewise imperceptible.
Although the intimations of external objects obtained by the eye, are, in many cases, apt to mislead, yet, when aided by the sense of touch, and, in some cases, by that of smell, the information communicated to the mind by the organs of vision, is more varied and extensive than that which is derived from any of the other senses. While the errors of the eye may mislead the inferior animals, and man himself, when seeking to supply the wants of existence, yet they have been converted into blessings by the ingenuity of our species, and made subservient to the increase of the pleasure and improvement of civilized society. It must be understood, that we here allude to the deceptive art of Painting.
The value of the characters furnished by the organs of vision, in the systematical arrangement of animals, is seldom estimated at a high rate. The differences exhibited in the eyes of animals, otherwise nearly related in form and structure, are so great, that little reliance is placed on the distinctions which they exhibit in the construction of the primary divisions of animals. But in the formation of the inferior groups, the characters of the eye are frequently employed with advantage, as they are remarkable on account of their constancy and obviousness.
There are many animals in which no trace of organs of vision has been discovered. Thus, eyes are wanting in the pteropodous and acephalous Mollusca, many of the Annulosa, and all the Radiata.
In the vertebral and molluscous animals having eyes, these organs are always two in number. But in the annu-
lose animals, they vary greatly in number, some having only one, while others have two, four, eight, or more.
The eyes of some animals are fixed; while in others, they are capable of a great extent of motion, resting on a cushion of fat or gelatinous matter, or seated on the summit of a moveable peduncle.
The organs of vision are uniformly placed on the head; or, in the absence of that part, on the anterior portion of the body. They are usually situated on both sides of the mesial line, and have always more or less of a dorsal aspect, unless in Man, whose eyes are directed forwards.
There is no proportion observed between the eye and the size of the body. Insects present the greatest ocular surface to the light, in proportion to the size of the body,— whales the least.
THE essential parts of the organ of hearing, consist of a gelatinous pulp, inclosed in an elastic membrane, into which the last branches of the auditory nerve penetrate. The vibrations of sonorous bodies are supposed to excite movements in this pulp, by which the nervous filaments are affected, and the perception of sound produced. As it is difficult to assign to each part of the ear its peculiar function, we shall confine our descriptions to the parts themselves, briefly stating as we proceed, the uses which they are supposed to serve.
1. Structure of the Organs of Hearing.—The most complicated part of the organ of hearing, is that in which the auditory nerve terminates, and which is termed the Labyrinth. In quadrupeds, it consists of several cavities, hollowed out in the petrous substance of the temporal bone,
containing a fluid, through which the nervous filaments are dispersed. These cavities are of two kinds. In the first, there are tubular semicircular holes, which are three in number, and denominated semicircular canals, which open into a cavity termed the vestibule; the second is termed the cochlea, which likewise communicates with the vestibule, and consists of a tube revolving round a conical axis, hollow like a turbinated shell, describing, according to the species, from one turn and a half to three turns and a half. These cavities are filled with a fluid which has been termed the Water of Cotunnius.
The auditory nerve takes its rise from the inferior surface of the fourth ventricle of the brain, and penetrates the cavities of the labyrinth by traversing an infinite multitude of perforations, which it fills by its minute and anastomosing filaments.
In Birds, the labyrinth consists of nearly the same parts as in quadrupeds. In these, however, the cochlea is less perfectly developed, and merely consists of a short hollow bony process, divided into two scalæ. The semicircular canals are not hollowed out of an os petrosum, but consist of tubes, united by cellular bone. In Reptiles the cochlea is still more imperfect; and in many species it can scarcely be said to exist. The semicircular canals are apparent; and there is a bag containing gelatinous pulp, in which the filaments of the nerves are distributed. In this sac there is a substance of the consistence of starch, which may be regarded as occupying the place of the cochlea in the higher classes. In Fishes, the semicircular canals still exist; but there is no trace of a cochlea. The sac of gelatinous pulp, contains three cretaceous bodies, varying in hardness in the different races. The nervous filaments embrace these bodies. Among the cephalopodous Mollusca, the labyrinth consists of a simple sac, inclosing the pulp and a single creta-
ceous body. There are no semicircular canals. In the Crustacea, the sac consists of a scaly cylinder; the one extremity closed by an elastic membrane, exposed to the action of the element in which the animal resides; and the other extremity open for the entrance of the nerve. Neither semicircular canals nor cretaceous bodies are obvious.
In Quadrupeds, the labyrinth occupies the inner part of the ear; and on its external side there is a cavity, termed the Tympanum, or barrel of the ear. This cavity is irregular in its form, according to the species. It is closed on all sides; behind by the labyrinth, laterally by the osseous parietes, and externally by an elastic membrane, termed membra tympani, or drum of the ear. The inner wall of this cavity, which is formed by the labyrinth, contains two openings; the one termed the fenestra ovalis, which communicates with the vestibule and semicircular canals; and the other termed the fenestra rotunda, which opens into the cochlea, but whose orifice is closed by a membrane. From the floor of the barrel, a tube, osseous at its commencement, and cartilaginous in the remaining part, takes its rise, which terminates in the back of the mouth in the palate, called the Eustachian tube. Other holes may be observed in different species, leading into adjacent cells. The external membrane, by which the tympanum is closed, is attached to the osseous circle which forms the walls. It may be regarded as a continuation of the skin through the external ear, and of the integuments of the mouth through the Eustachian tube; it is dry, transparent and elastic. Within the barrel there are three bones, which form an immediate connection between the drum and the fenestra ovalis. The first, which is termed malleus or hammer, adheres to the drum; and is articulated with the central bone, incus or anvil, which is again united to a branch of the stapes or stirrup, whose base rests upon the fenestra ovalis.
These bones are susceptible of motion, and have muscles attached to them, by which they are supposed able to stretch the drum, to compress the fluids in the labyrinth, and communicate the vibrations of the drum to the pulp of the canals and cochlea.
In Birds, the tympanum bears a close resemblance to that of quadrupeds. Its cellular openings, however, are more numerous, and the cells themselves of greater dimensions. The fenestra ovalis and rotunda, are placed, the former above the latter, and separated by an osseous bar. The Eustachian tube is osseous throughout its whole length. In the barrel there is but one bone connecting the drum with the labyrinth, branched where united with the drum, proceeding by slender stalks through the cavity of the barrel, and forming a plate which closes the fenestra ovalis.
In Reptiles, the tympanum exhibits very remarkable differences. In some, it can scarcely be said to exist, while in others, it is membranaceous, exhibiting the Eustachian tube, and one or two bones in the barrel. The membrane, or drum, is wanting in some cases, its place being supplied by the common skin, while in others, it exhibits its usual characters of dryness, transparency, and elasticity.
In Fishes, particularly those with free branchiæ, there is no tympanum. In those with fixed branchiæ, the rudiment of a tympanun may be observed in the form of a minute tube leading from the labyrinth to the skin.
Between the drum and the surrounding element in Quadrupeds, the External Ear is situated. It consists of a tube continued from the drum to the surface of the body. It varies greatly in the length, direction, and texture of its walls. When arrived at the surface, this meatus auditorius externus, as it is called, either terminates in a simple hole, or it is expanded into a cartilaginous arch, termed the
concha. In Birds, the tube is short, and there is no expansion of the skin to constitute an external ear. In Reptiles, there is no tube, nor any external opening, (unless in the crocodile where the skin forms a kind of lip). The skin passes directly over the tympanum, exhibiting no change in its direction, and becoming only a little more transparent.
Although the organs of hearing, in Insects, have not been satisfactorily demonstrated, their existence may reasonably be inferred from the circumstance, that many species are capable of producing sounds, and others of acting under their influence.
From the preceding review of the organs of hearing, it appears, that in some animals the action excited in the are or water by vibrations of sonorous bodies, is communicated directly to the auditory nerve, by the medium of the common integuments. In other cases, there appears a complicated apparatus, to collect the vibrations, and to transmit them by means of cavities and tubes, variously arranged, to the auditory pulp. These differences in the form and structure of the parts, must occasion corresponding modifications in the impressions produced; but with regard to the nature of these, we are still in a great measure ignorant.
2. Knowledge obtained by the sense of Hearing.—The information communicated to the mind by the organs of Hearing, is far from being so important and diversified as that which is derived from the sense of touch or sight.
Sound is produced by the motion of the parts of a particular body, or by the friction of one body against another. In both cases, a tremulous motion is communicated to the surrounding medium, which extends in all directions like the waves produced in the water by a stone falling into
it. These undulations affect the organs of hearing, and excite the sensations of sound. These undulations vary with the condition of the body which excites them, and when carefully attended to, give us intimations regarding the distance, direction, velocity, connection, and composition of sonorous bodies.
In judging of the distance of objects by the sense of hearing, we attend chiefly to the strength of the sounds which they emit, considering it as bearing some proportion to their proximity. But as this depends on the quantity of motion excited, and the resistance which is opposed, we may be led to conclude that a body is distant, because the sound emitted is weak, while it is actually near, but the extent of its vibrations limited.
The position of sonorous bodies is intimated to us by the direction in which the vibrations are communicated to the external organs. In many cases, our conjectures are verified by experience, but in others, we are deceived by the change produced in the direction of the sonorous waves by various obstacles, so that we mistake the reflected for the radiated vibrations,—echo for the direct sound.
In estimating the velocity of moving bodies by means of sound, we attend to the changes which take place in its strength. When the transition from loud to weak, or from weak to loud, is rapid, we infer, that the vibrations have a corresponding velocity, in proportion to the change of place in the body which produces them. We are more rarely deceived in this case than in the two former, although it sometimes happens that a change in the direction of the sonorous vibrations, may produce corresponding variations in their strength, without any alteration having taken place in their velocity.
When two bodies are rubbed or struck against each other, we are in many cases able, from the differences of sound emitted, to recognise their composition or structure.
Thus, we can in general distinguish between the sound of wood or metal, water or air, and hollow or solid bodies.
In judging, however, of any one of these qualities or conditions of bodies, we call to our assistance all the information which is communicated by the different characters of the sonorous vibrations, so that the conclusion at which we arrive, is frequently the result of a very complex, though rapidly executed mental operation.
To animals in general, the sense of hearing gives warning of the approach or retreat of their foes. In some cases, it is likewise the medium of communication between the individuals of the same species, in the expressions of their feelings of joy or grief, love or hatred. The human ear, judges of all the qualities of sounds. Some of the quadrupeds and birds can, however, perceive sounds which are inaudible to us, and perhaps can recognise more readily than we are able to do, some of the modifications of a particular quality. But our knowledge of the peculiar functions of the different parts of the ear, is still too limited to enable us to speculate, with any prospect of success, even were our information concerning the habits and feelings of the lower animals more extensive and precise.
In the systematical arrangement of animals, the characters furnished by the organs of hearing, are scarcely ever employed, unless in the exhibition of generic or specific distinctions. Even for such purposes, the attention is exclusively directed to the external ear, and to the form and position of the entrance; the internal ear being concealed from view, difficult to dissect, and furnishing characters which can scarcely be expressed by words.
In those animals which possess organs of Smell, sufficiently developed to be obvious to the eye, the Nose, or en-
trance, is placed on the anterior part of the head. It is divided by a partition which varies in its breadth and position, and gives to the nostrils a great variety of character.
1. Structure of the organs of Smell.—In the vertebral animals which respire by lungs, the partition which is observed externally, is continued to the posterior opening into the throat, forming what is termed the septum narium. This division is formed by the vertical plate of the ethmoidal bone and the vomer. The cavities on each side are, in part, filled by the turbinated processes of the ethmoidal bone which occupy the vault, and the inferior turbinated bones, which adhere to the maxillary bones, and project into the middle of the cavity.
The olfactory membrane lines these cavities of the nose, covering its septum, walls, and projecting laminæ. It is merely a continuation of the external skin, which is attached by cellular substance to the periosteum of the bones, and which unites posteriorly with the integuments of the throat and gullet. Near the external openings it resembles the skin, but towards the interior it is of a red colour, which is derived from the numerous bloodvessels with which it is supplied. Its surface presents numerous little eminences, which have been regarded, by some, as nervous papillæ, and, by others, as the termination of excretory canals. It is kept constantly moist by a watery fluid, termed nasal mucus, in general, a secretion from the whole membrane, in other cases produced in particular cells.
This membrane is supplied with nerves from the first pair or olfactory nerves. These take their rise in the anterior lobes of the brain. Each nerve proceeds to its corresponding nostril, and after dividing into numerous filaments, is lost in the substance of the olfactory membrane, where it covers the
septum and windings of the ethmoidal bone. Besides the olfactory nerve, which is considered as essential to the sensation of smell, the nose is likewise supplied with a division of the ophthalmic branch of the fifth pair, which is principally distributed on the inferior part of the membrane, and termed the nasal nerve.
Connected with the cavities of the nostrils which we have already mentioned, there are numerous cells termed Sinuses, in some of the adjoining bones, which communicate by contracted apertures. They are termed frontal, sphenoidal, and maxillary, from the bones in which they are imbedded. They are covered with a continuation of the olfactory membrane. It is thinner in these cells than in the cavity of the nose, is not supplied with any branch of the olfactory nerve, although filaments of the nasal nerve may be traced into it.
In Fishes, the nose does not communicate with the mouth. The nasal cavity on each side is simple, the olfactory membrane is expanded on the walls, and kept moist by a secreted mucus. One or two openings externally lead to this cavity.
2. Functions of the organ of Smell.—In order to comprehend the functions of the nostrils, it is necessary to make a few remarks on Odours.
Many bodies allow excessively small particles to escape from their surface, and diffuse themselves through the atmosphere. These particles, which are termed Odours, are always emanating from certain bodies, producing a rapid decrease of weight in some, as ether, while in others, as musk, no sensible diminution takes place. Such particles are not given off by some bodies when in a particular state of combination, as ammonia, when united with the stronger acids, while other bodies require to be combined, previous
to their escape, as arsenic or phosphorus with oxygen. Heat assists the escape of odorous particles from a variety of bodies which are termed volatile. Light likewise influences the emanation of odorous particles. Hence we find some plants give out their smell during the day, while others perfume the air only at night. Dampness, in many cases, assists the escape of such particles, as appears by the fragrance of a garden after a summer shower, or clay when breathed upon. These odours emanate from bodies in all directions, with greater or less rapidity, penetrate only where air can enter, and obey the motions which it experiences.
The air, in passing through the nostrils to the lungs, comes in contact with the olfactory membrane, which lines the narrow passages, and enables the odorous particles which it conveys to act upon the olfactory nerves. We are ignorant of the manner in which this action is produced. Has the olfactory membrane an affinity for odorous particles ? Does the nasal mucus retain these by its adhesive power, or is it employed in attracting them ? Are odorous particles deposited on the membrane, or do they merely act mechanically, as they move along its surface ? These are questions of difficult solution, and hitherto treated in a superficial manner.
In the case of fishes, the water impregnated with odorous particles, traverses the cavity of the nose, urged by the muscular action of the apertures and walls, and brings them into contact with the olfactory membrane.
3. Knowledge obtained by the sense of Smell.—The sensations produced by the different kinds of smells, are classified with difficulty. Some are agreeable, such, in general, as those which serve for food; others are disagreeable, as the most of those substances which are deleterious. They
are likewise classified, according to the effects which they produce immediately upon the organ or the feelings in general; thus, we have pungent, nauseous, and fragrant smells. In many cases, however, we are compelled, in describing an odour, to compare it with that which is emitted by some well known substance. Thus, we say, sulphureous, vinous, alliaceous, musky, in reference to the smell of burning sulphur, wine, garlic, or musk.
This sense gives us information of the presence of odorous bodies, and, in many cases, of their position. It is, however, more extensively employed by animals, to distinguish one body from another when contiguous, especially the different kinds of food. It informs us of many of the changes which take place in bodies by heat, light, or moisture, and thus serves the purpose of a chemical test.
The sense of smell contributes greatly to our enjoyments, in our anticipations of food, and in the pleasure derived from perfumes. In man, the organs of smell are more developed in the savage than in the civilised state. In the latter, multitudes destroy the utility of this sense, as the mean of procuring information or pleasure. Other mammiferous animals derive great pleasure from this sense, as is exhibited by the fondness of dogs to putrid substances, against which they delight to rub themselves, and of cats to particular plants.
From the difficulty of characterising the different kinds of smells, and of recollecting the particular sensations which they excite, the information communicated by this sense, though varied, is seldom to be relied on with much confidence. The smell of one body may be disguised by the presence of another, even when small in quantity, as may be seen to a great extent in the deceptions of modern cookery.
In the Molluscous, Annulose, and Radiated animals, no organs of smell have been detected, analogous to those which exist in the more perfect animals. They, however, appear to possess this sense, and to be guided by its intimations in seeking out the proper kinds of food, their mates, and a situation to deposit their eggs. In some cases, they are deceived by the resemblance between the smells of substances very different in other qualities. Thus, some plants emit a cadaverous smell, similar to putrid flesh, by which the flesh-fly is allured, and deposits its eggs on parts of these which can furnish no food to the future progeny.
The sense of Taste resides in the mouth, and the organs destined for exercising it are analogous to those of touch. The skin, upon entering the mouth, becomes of a finer texture, and is supplied by a greater number of bloodvessels and nerves than on the outside of the body. It is soft, covered by numerous papillæ, and kept continually moist by the saliva. The sense of taste is not confined to any one part of the mouth; it exists in the cheeks, tongue, palate, throat, and perhaps gullet, being most sensible in those parts which are softest, and have the greatest number of papillæ.
The nerves which are distributed to the mouth, take their rise from different branches of the fifth, eighth, and ninth pair. The peculiar office of each of these nerves is not distinctly understood, nor has it been demonstrated that they are all conducive to the perfection of the sense of taste.
The bodies which excite the sensations connected with taste, require to be dissolved or mixed with the saliva of the mouth, and in this state applied to its integuments. It is not known how the particles of sapid bodies moistened pro-
duce their effect on the organs of taste. Some suppose that they act chemically, others mechanically.
The nomenclature of savours, though very imperfect, is more precise than that of smells, arising from the circumstance that the impressions of sapid bodies are more permanent than of odours.
We distinguish savours into agreeable and disagreeable, sour, sweat, bitter, hot, and cold; and in our descriptions of them, we frequently refer to well known bodies, as salt, sugar, vinegar, as standards of comparison. Sapid bodies appear to act with greater energy on some parts of the organ of taste than on others. Thus, some affect the throat, others the palate or tongue.
As different bodies act on the organs of taste in producing a variety of different feelings, this sense is extensively used in the discrimination of bodies, more particularly those which serve as nourishment. Indeed, this sense appears almost exclusively subservient to the digestive system, so that the pleasure we derive from the savour of bodies in the mouth, is intimately connected with their salutary effects in the stomach.
The information communicated by this sense is limited in its nature, in the inferior animals, to food. Man, however, employs it to ascertain the composition and relation of bodies; and, by experience, communicates to this sense a wonderful degree of sensibility, as we see in chemists, wine-dealers, and even epicures.
It is probable that all animals possess the sense of taste, to enable them to make choice of the proper kind of food.
Before concluding our remarks on the organs of perception, some general observations may be made on their nature and mutual dependence.
a. There is no determinate relation observed in the degrees of perfection of the senses in different animals. Even in the same class, and subordinate divisions of a class, one species or genus may have the organs of smell very fully developed, another those of hearing, a third those of sight, while the other senses may be in a less perfect condition. Even among individuals of the same species, such differences prevail.
b. In judging of the properties of bodies, we seldom rest satisfied with the information obtained by one sense, but employ the results furnished by the others, to correct or strengthen our conclusions. Thus, the organ of touch assists that of seeing, and sight aids the efforts of touch. Hence, as the senses mutually assist each other, it is difficult to assign to each of them the knowledge which it has exclusively communicated. In the case of disease or accident, where one sense has been destroyed, the other senses, by an increased sensibility, in a great measure supply the defect. Thus, hearing and touch, in many cases, supply the loss of sight, and exhibit striking displays of that compensating or repairing power, to which we have had frequent occasion to refer.
c. In many animals, where some of the senses exist, although we are unable to detect the organs in which they are seated, as is the case with hearing in the annulose animals, it is probable that the deficiency of one sense may be supplied by the sensibility of the remaining ones.
d. The same qualities in bodies do not produce the same effects on the appropriate organs of all animals. There is a striking difference in the degrees of sensibility; so that an impression which would be overpowering to one animal is scarcely felt by another, as appears in the case of certain sounds, smells and lights. Even sensations excited by the same bodies in different animals, are dissimilar in
kind. This appears from the circumstance, that what is agreeable to and sought after by one animal, is often disagreeable to another, and carefully avoided.
e. From these considerations it appears to be difficult to determine the knowledge of external objects, possessed by any one species, from the developement of the organs of the senses. Nor does it appear that there is any regular connected gradation in the relative perfection of the senses, keeping pace with the increasing simplicity of bodily structure.
f. Although many animals have some of the senses more fully developed than Man, comparative anatomy furnishes a demonstration, that there is no animal in which they all exist in so great a degree of perfection. Hence we are led to conclude, that man is more intimately acquainted with the properties of the material world in general, than any of the inferior animals.
g. Some of the senses, such as taste, smell and touch, require the existing object to be brought into contact with the organs; while in others, as sight, heat, and hearing, the sensation is produced by means of media. Touch, which is most universally distributed, appears to be the sense into which the others may be resolved. Thus, light comes in contact with the eye, heat with the skin, and the vibrating air with the ear.
IN treating of the organs of perception, we endeavoured to ascertain the functions of the six senses, and the kind of information concerning the objects around us, which they
are qualified to communicate to the mind. It now remains that we attend to the sensations themselves, in reference to the processes performed upon them by the mind, with the view of becoming acquainted with the faculties of that mysterious part of our nature.
In conducting this inquiry, it is difficult to avoid the use of ambiguous phrases; for almost every term which can be applied to mind, has been loaded with a variety of significations. It will be our aim to render obvious the meaning of the terms here employed, by the descriptions which accompany them.
When we attend to the phenomena displayed by the mind, we perceive that it exhibits certain relations to the sensations of the body, changes resulting from their production, and consequent efforts of volition.
These different states or conditions of the mind have been observed to be regulated by peculiar laws, and to be subservient to particular purposes in the animal economy. They have had bestowed on them specific appellations, to express their characters; and they have generally been denominated the Attributes, Faculties, or (in consequence of volition producing change) Powers of the Mind. Trivial objections have been urged against the use of these terms, as implying that the mind is composed of different parts; and, consequently, not entitled to its prerogative of unity. Of the essence of mind we absolutely know nothing; and hence the various phrases, Unity, Indivisibility, Immateriality, and others, which have been employed to express the nature of this essence, are, in fact, expressions of our own ignorance and presumption. When we witness the mind capable of exciting action in matter, and of being excited to action by matter,— exhibiting its identity by its local residence,—variable in its relations to matter,—variable relatively to its own conditions,—capable of exercising different functions at the
same time,—and, last of all, multiplying with an increase of population,—we feel overwhelmed with the incomprehensible phenomena which it presents, and admit the suitableness of an expression of our Divine Master, when applied to the present case, "Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of."
When we attentively examine the peculiarities of the mental powers, they appear to admit of distribution into two classes, and several subordinate divisions. These classes we term the intellectual and instinctive, and now proceed to give a detail of their characters.
In the illustrations which are here offered on the mental phenomena, I have given the result of the observations which I have made upon my own mind, and the sentient objects around me, without being Influenced by the received systems of philosophy. It would be of great advantage to moral science, were individuals to study the conditions of their own minds, and observe the phenomena which are so accessible, instead of hastily subscribing to the tenets of a particular school, or yielding to the influence of questionable authority. The various results from different minds could thus be compared, discordant statements submitted to more rigorous scrutiny, and the number and nature of the attributes of mind more satisfactorily established.
1. FACULTIES OF THE MIND.—In order to enable the mind to become acquainted with the objects which produce an impression on the senses, certain conditions are necessary. The organs of perception must be kept steadily towards them a sufficient length of time, that they may be examin-
ed in all the various circumstances in which they present themselves. This power or effort of the mind is termed
1. Attention.—Unless this power is exercised on the organs of perception, the impressions which are produced are confused and obscure, and speedily vanish. But, by its means, the organs are brought into a condition suitable to receive an impression and determine its nature and duration and preserved therein a sufficient length of time.
In the exercise of Attention, we seldom are capable of employing more than one sense at a time; but can, without much difficulty, fix the mind on several different kinds of information which one sense is capable of communicating. Thus, we can distinguish a variety of conditions in sound, and the impressions produced on the organs of sight. But this faculty chiefly displays its peculiar nature and its utility, in its selective operations. Thus, for example, in looking at a rose, I can either attend to its size, its subdivisions, colour or fragrance. The character on which I am said to bestow the greatest attention, is the one to which I direct the suitable organ of sensation with the greatest intensity, for the greatest length of time, and of which I am said to have the most distinct conception. Man employs this essential faculty of his mind, in every inquiry he makes, and in almost every action which he performs. Without its assistance and controul, no knowledge of external objects can be gained, no train of reflection can be pursued, no successful bodily effort can be made.
In the lower animals, this faculty not only exists, but displays itself to our observation in various ways. What is it but the exercise of attention, when we see a cat watching for a mouse, or a kestril hovering in the air? In both cases, the faculty now under consideration is exercising its controul over the organs of sight. When we witness the fox-hound engaged in the chace, we see attention regulating the or-
gans of smell; and, regardless of the other perfumes arising from the ground, permitting only the scent of the cunning fugitive to make a deep impression. The dog who has lost his master in a crowd, practises the same restraint upon his organs of smell, sometimes, also, on his sense of hearing, as he is able to detect his master by his voice, even when others are speaking at the same time.
Reasoning from analogy, we may conclude, that the faculty of attention reaches as low in the scale of animal life as the organs of sensation. It is necessary in the more perfect animals, for the regulation of every impression; hence it is probable that it exists, wherever there are organs to receive an impression.
The ideas which we thus acquire of external things, by the help of the faculty of attention, are so disposed by the mind, as to be retained in such a manner, that they can be recalled at pleasure, even in the absence of the objects which excited them. There are two faculties employed in this process. In the one the idea is recalled in the condition in which it was first formed; in the second, a part only of the idea is recalled, in union with the part of some other idea. The former is termed memory, the latter imagination.
2. Memory.—A variety of circumstances enable us to recall the idea which a particular impression has formerly produced, and exhibit it in nearly its original condition. This process of recollection is performed by retracing the steps which led to its production, the time and place in which it was excited, and the consequences which followed its reception.
The tendency of the mind to have impressions recalled by particular circumstances, in preference to others, has been exalted into a separate faculty, denominated the power of association, exhibiting its operations in the production of
of rhyme, puns, colloquial phrases, and alliteration. In many cases, however, ideas return in the mind without any exertion to recall them. In some instances we can trace back the process by which they were introduced, while, in others, we have no notion of their origin or connection. If the process is known, we perceive that it has been excited by some impression of resemblance.
Some confusion has arisen with regard to our notions of Memory, from the introduction of the term conception. This phrase, in numerous instances, refers to the original image or impression produced on the mind, through the medium of the senses, thus using it as synonimous with sensation and perception; while in others, it is applied to the combining efforts of the imagination, or the simple recollective exertions of the memory.
When an idea returns to the mind either spontaneously or by an effort of recollection, we employ the faculty of attention in examining its condition. We either view it as a whole, in relation to the whole or the parts of other objects, or we attend to the qualities of its particular parts in reference to one another, or to the whole, or the parts of some other object. This selective act of attention some have considered as a separate power, under the denomination of abstraction. But as we have seen attention practising abstraction, in regard to the operations of the senses, and as it acts in a similar manner with the ideas of recollection, we see no necessity for regarding this operation of the mind as a distinct faculty. Indeed it must appear obvious, upon a little consideration, that the terms abstraction, examination and comparison, merely express the single or combined acts of the attention and memory.
Ideas are excited by the memory in general, with a facility proportional to the degree of attention originally bestowed on the impressions, their intensity, and the frequency
with which they have been recalled. But there are some ideas which can be recalled with difficulty, whatever exertions we may have made originally to render them permanent. Thus, the perceptions of sight and touch are more readily recollected than those of sound, taste or smell. In the latter, we seldom can recall a distinct idea; but, in the attempt, rest frequently satisfied with the recollection of the symbols by which it is designated.
In comparing objects with one another, we employ the powers of attention and memory in conjunction. Having, by means of attention, fixed the mind on one object, we can then turn it to another: the memory preserves the impressions which the former produced, so as to compare these with the qualities of the latter.
This faculty of memory is essentially requisite to our attainment of knowledge. Without it our intellectual improvement would be confined within very narrow limits. It exhibits itself in various degrees of excellence in different individuals, partly the result of constitutional arrangements, and partly of habit. In all cases its various properties are improved by exercise.
The existence of the faculty of memory in the lower animals, can scarcely be doubted, as instances daily occur of its display in our domestic quadrupeds, as the elephant, horse, and dog*. It is likewise exhibited by birds. We
* In illustration of the extent of the memory of the elephant, Mr CORSE, in his valuable observations on the natural history of that animal, states the following circumstances, to which he was an eye-witness: —"In June 1787, Fâttra Munqul, a male elephant, taken the year before, was travelling, in company with other elephants, towards Chittigong, laden with a tent and some baggage for our accommodation on the journey. Having come upon a tiger's track, which elephants discover readily by the smell, he took fright, and ran off to the woods, in spite of the efforts of his driver. On entering the wood, the driver saved himself, by springing from the elephant, and clinging to the branch of a tree under which he was passing. When the elephant had got rid of his driver, he soon contrived to shake off his load. As soon as he ran away, a trained female was dispatched after him, but could not get up in time to prevent his escape. She, however, brought back his driver, and the load he had thrown off, and we proceeded, without any hope of ever seeing him again. Eighteen months after this, when a herd of elephants had been taken, and had remained several days in the inclosure, till they were enticed into the outlet, there tied, and led out in the usual manner, one of the drivers, viewing a male elephant very attentively, declared he resembled the one which had run away. This excited the curiosity of every one to go and look at him; but, when any person came near, the animal struck at him with his trunk; and, in every respect, appeared as wild and outrageous as any of the other elephants. At length, an old hunter, coming up and examining him narrowly, declared he was the very elephant that had made his escape about eighteen months before. Confident of this, he boldly rode up to him, on a tame elephant, and ordered him to lie down, pulling him by the ear at the same time. The animal seemed quite taken by surprise, and instantly obeyed the word of command, with as much quickness as the ropes with which he was tied permitted; uttering, at the same time, a peculiar shrill squeak, through his trunk, as he had formerly been known to do; by which he was immediately recognized by every person who had ever been acquainted with this peculiarity." —Phil. Trans. 1799, p. 40. The same observer furnishes satisfactory evidence that another elephant, a female, taken in 1765, and which was turned loose in 1767, when retaken in 1782, recollected the customs of her former bondage, and lay down at the command of her driver. "He fed her from his seat; gave her his stick to hold, which she took with her trunk, and put into her mouth, kept, and returned it, as she was directed, and as she formerly had been accustomed to do," —Ibid.
have evidence of a peregrine falcon, which was lost in the month of March, recognizing its master, when retaken in the end of September. Indeed in all those animals which are capable of being tamed, there must exist this faculty to enable them to recognize former sensations.
The memory, in the lower animals, likewise performs its operations in the same manner as with us, by the help of what is termed the Association of Ideas. Thus we have
seen a spaniel exhibit all the ecstacy of joy when he observed his master put on any article of dress which he was accustomed to wear during the hours of sport. These things recalled to him the enjoyments of the field, as distinctly as the sight of the gun. We see the same animal practising an attempt at recollection, by smelling at a stranger, and at last, after many efforts, recognizing him as an old friend.
We have not the means of determining whether former impressions arise spontaneously in the mind of the inferior animals, or whether all the acts of memory be brought about by the excitements of present sensations. We know very imperfectly the nature of those spontaneous efforts of the memory, as they take place in our own minds; so that our reasonings on this subject, in reference to the brutes, must be of a doubtful kind. Indeed it is probable, that these spontaneous recollections are not purely mental processes, but have their rise in some of those organical circumstances which excite and frequently regulate our trains of thought.
3.Imagination.—The proper business of imagination is to decompose our impressions or ideas; to exhibit a part of any one of these, divested of its original associations, or in union with a portion of some other impression or idea. In performing these analytical and synthetical operations, the powers of attention and memory are indispensably requisite. The former fixes the mind on a particular quality, the latter recalls our ideas of other qualities with which we wish it to be united. The combinations which we thus form, influence the mind in a similar manner to an original impression. We can fix our attention upon their characters, and store them up, so as to be able to recall them at a future period.
The ideas on which the imagination exercises its powers with the greatest success, are those which the memory can recall with the greatest distinctness, such as those obtained by the aid of the sense of sight and touch. But the ideas produced by the impressions of the other senses, such ashearing, taste, or smell, cannot be so readily recollected, and at best but obscurely; hence the imagination cannot operate upon them with any degree of success. The combination of the ideas resulting from these last impressions, with new objects, is seldom intimate. When, in works of fiction, they appear to be so, it is because we deceive ourselves with the signs of the sensations, which we are able to combine in any manner we please, while we are incapable of combining the ideas which they represent.
By means of imagination, thus exercised on former impressions, we are able to produce new ones, in a greater degree, perfect or imperfect, agreeable or disagreeable, than any which we have ever experienced.
But if we restrict the operations of imagination to the decomposition or combination of ideas which we have actually obtained by sensation, we render doubtful its claims to rank as a distinct faculty of the mind, and greatly limit its usefulness as an instrument in the acquisition of knowledge. It is not merely a retrospective, but a prospective power. By the help of memory, we recall past impressions; by the help of imagination, in the exercise of this second function, we, as it were, render future impressions present. It is true that these pictures of futurity are formed of the materials of past impressions, but they are always in a new state of combination with regard to time. Sometimes they are more disagreeable than those of the past, when the mind is torn with despair. In other instances, more agreeable, when they are generated under the cheering influence of hope. Some of the pictures of the imagination, as those
of fiction, we never expect to see realized; while some others, which we know never existed, are yet confidently anticipated.
It is by means of imagination thus exercised, that we arrange our plans of conduct, or invent new schemes, for the employment of our time. It is the greatest source of our activity, and is the only intellectual faculty which accelerates our exertions to improve.
The justly celebrated Mr STEWART considers it as sufficiently evident, "that imagination is not a simple power of the mind, like attention, conception, or abstraction, but that it is formed by a combination of various faculties*." Of these simple powers which he has enumerated, we have already considered Conception as identical with Memory, and Abstraction with Attention; but it remains to be pointed out what those faculties are, which, when combined, produce imagination. Attention is exclusively occupied with present impressions or ideas, and memory with those which have been. Now, although the imagination makes use of the materials furnished by the memory, and employs attention while acting upon them, yet it forms from these ideas which never have existed, and never will exist; or it forms such pictures as by exertion may be realized, and bends all the faculties of the mind to their production. Were the efforts of the imagination thus confined to what had taken place, there might be room for considering it as a combination of attention and memory; but when it looks into the future it exhibits its peculiar and exclusive character. Indeed it is this power of anticipating the future, much more than of acting upon the recollections of the past, that gives to the imagination its rank as a distinct power of the mind.
The mind appears to retain, and the memory to recall, both the retrospective and the prospective ideas which the imagination has formed; and, what may appear surprising, the latter with the greatest readiness. This faculty, like those of attention and memory, is greatly improved by exercise, and appears in the greatest degree of perfection in those who have received a liberal education, and habituated themselves to attend to their intellectual operations. In the savage state, this faculty is probably chiefly occupied in prospective efforts to secure food or shelter.
In the lower animals, the faculty of the imagination certainly exists, although, from the imperfect communication which subsists betwixt us and them, its operations, as distinct from memory, cannot be traced with any degree of certainty. The pointer, who exhibits impatience to travel when his master takes his gun in his hand, recollects the pleasure of his former sports, and wishes to have them renewed. What is it but imagination that persuades him that they may return, and even points out the channel of their course! A dog howls when his master is absent, and will anxiously look for his return in particular directions. Here is anticipation of a future event; and action founded on the certainty of its occurrence. We have seen a dog, evidently entertaining suspicions that his master would prevent him being a companion in his journey, steal away unobserved, and wait on the road, at a considerable distance from the house. Here we have the anticipation of the master's going from home; apprehension of being detained; the prospect of gratification from the journey; an expectation of his master's road, and the success which would crown the plan;—all of these efforts of the imagination. As we descend in the scale, these displays of the imagination can
scarcely be perceived, unless in actions which suppose a succession of events similar to those which have occurred.
There is one very striking difference between this faculty, as it exists in man and in the lower animals. With us, it is frequently exerted on speculative truths: In them, on present or future sensations. With us, sometimes on things which we know will never happen: With them, on things which the probabilities of experience warrant.
The knowledge which we obtain through the medium of our senses, by means of the three faculties whose nature we have been attempting to illustrate, is denominated Experience. In acquiring it, the mind employs the senses to collect, the attention to fix, the memory to recall, and the imagination to combine, the various impressions which external objects make upon us. In the course of this very complicated process, the mind, by degrees, perceives relations among external objects which were not discovered immediately after the first impressions, and obtains results, from an attention to the intellectual process, by which the limits of our enjoyment and power are extended, and the senses directed to proper objects of examination. In consequence of this habitual or occasional attention, we acquire a number of ideas, which do not resemble those which have been formed directly from the impressions of the senses. These are, therefore, properly termed Secondary Ideas, or Ideas of Reflection. In the formation of these ideas, the imagination exercises the greatest influence. They, indeed, arise from the unceasing combinations and decompositions of this faculty, and might, with propriety, be termed Ideas of the Imagination. We may likewise observe, that while they depend upon the condition of the primary impressions, and are subordinate to these, they are still inse-
parably connected with the constitution of the mind, and are necessarily formed in the course of its ordinary operations. We shall now offer a few observations on some of the more remarkable of these ideas of reflection.
1. Personality.—In the course of attending to the sensations which external objects excite, we speedily discover that the perceptions obtained by one sense, differ from those procured by the assistance of another, and that the perceptions of any one sense differ with the objects which excite them. As these different impressions frequently recur, the mind perceives their resemblance or dissimilarity, and begins to classify them by the aid of memory. In this manner, the primary and secondary qualities of matter,— the peculiarities of individuals,—the general character of groups,—the relation of one object to another,—and the notion of number, are apprehended.
Uncultivated minds have not very correct notions of these ideas of reflection: but, still they do arise even in such; and, in various ways, influence their future operations.
The inferior animals likewise possess similar ideas of reflection. It is true, that they appear to be equally acted upon by the impressions produced by the secondary, as well as the primary qualities of matter; nor have we any evidence that they act upon the distinction; but they know that there is a difference among the qualities. They are, to a variable extent, acquainted with them, and regulate their conduct by this knowledge which they possess. They readily perceive changes in the objects with which they are familiar. They are acquainted with individuals, or their identity, as the dog is acquainted with his master;—with groups, as in the case of the shepherds' dog, who is capable of marking the individual of a flock pointed out to him by his master, and steadily pursuing it. Even the notion of number is not unknown, as appears from the
wolf uniting in bands in the chace,—and, while afraid of attacking men in company, appearing fearless of the resistance of a straggler.
In our intercourse with the world, we are much guided by our ideas of personality. We recognise objects which we have formerly examined, and, convinced of their identity, confidently expect them to be still possessed of the same qualities we formerly discovered them to be invested with. If a change has taken place in their appearance, we expect a corresponding change in their qualities. When we witness two individuals exhibiting similar characters, we expect to meet in both the same qualities. It is by means of this acquaintance with individuals, and this power of detecting resemblance or dissimilarity, that we obtain the greater part of our knowledge of ourselves and the world around us, and place confidence in the value of our systematical arrangements. But if much knowledge is thus gained, a fruitful source of error is established by the employment of what is termed Analogy.
Analogy may be safely employed in the prosecution of knowledge or the business of life, were we to regard the probability of the truth of its deductions, to be directly as the resemblance of the condition of the objects compared. By not attending to this test of the value of a deduction from analogy, much error has been introduced into science, and a legitimate instrument of philosophical research perverted and misapplied. In justification of the severity of our remark, we may here quote a few examples.
It is well known, that the age of trees can be determined with considerable certainty, by counting the layers of wood; their number being, in general, equal to the years of growth. This particular character of ligneous stems has given rise to attempts to discover the age of other substances which are composed of concentric layers. Thus, the
number of concentric circles of the vertebræ and scales of fishes, have been regarded, in the absence of experience, as indicating the age of the animal to which they belong. Even the age of the Earth, apparently, in the opinion of some geologists, may be determined by regarding its strata, as analogous to the layers of growth in a tree.
An anatomist of eminence observed, that the cells of a piece of bee-comb which he examined were double*. The acute author of the article, "Vegetable Anatomy," in the Supplement to the Encyclopædia Britannica yields to the opinion, that the cells of plants are double, influenced by this observation of the condition of the cells of bees.
Since the windpipe of birds is employed to convey air to and from the lungs,—vegetable physiologists have ever been inclined to consider the spiral vessels of plants, which have a remote resemblance thereto, as likewise air-vessels,—and much vain reasoning and idle conjecture, have in consequence been displayed on the subject.
As the materials of the crust of the earth are lighter than the mean density of the earth, many geologists conclude, that the weighty materials of the centre must be metallic, without attending to the condition which must be produced by the force of gravitation, or the analogous arrangement of the atmosphere. Who ever risked the conjecture, that the lower and denser parts of the atmosphere, were of a more metallic nature than the higher and lighter parts?
On what foundation does the belief rest, that the other planets are inhabited, but on that of analogy; yet the circumstances of the other planets are all different with regard to the force of gravity, motion, temperature, and light. Their inhabitants, therefore, if such exist, must be unlike us in physical constitution at least,—neither bone of our bone, nor flesh of our flesh.
I have thus exhibited a few examples of perverted analogy, amidst many others equally obvious which might have been produced. The science of zoology abounds with them. I have already referred to a few, and shall have occasion afterwards frequently to return to the subject.
The inferior animals are, in many cases, deceived by analogy, as in the case of baits,—considering the identity as perfect, when there are only a few points of resemblance.
2. Time.—It is probable that our notion of Time, is derived from a comparison of the succession of our ideas, as they spontaneously or voluntarily pass through the mind, with the succession of impressions produced by external objects. In looking at the commencement and conclusion of a change in one body, as the hour-hand of a clock, we find, that before it can exhibit a sensible change of place, several ideas can pass through the mind; but in the case of a cannon ball, an obvious change of place has been produced before a single idea can be contemplated by the mind. The one moves slower, the other faster than thought. Our ideas of time and motion, therefore, are contemporary. The rapidity with which the mind performs its intellectual processes, differs among men in different individuals, and in the same individual at different times,—an interesting idea being contemplated much longer than one to which we are indifferent. The succession of ideas therefore is irregular.
The standard of time is sought for in the succession of changes of the material world. In an uncivilised state, man employs as his chronometer, the motions of the heavenly bodies,—the changes of day and night,—the seasons,—the moon,—and the tides.
The inferior animals evidently have a knowledge of time. Those which leave a particular dwelling at stated
intervals, measure the distance they ought to travel, and return with regularity to their home. The sun appears to be their great regulator, as they are influenced by the changes which take place with his light and heat. Fishes, and other animals which live in the sea, or search for food on its shores, appear to regulate themselves by the motions of the tide. The regularity of the crowing of the cock has been long admired,—but it appears difficult to point out the measure of time by which it is governed.
Man alone has devised artificial plans for measuring time,—in the employment of dials, clepsydræ, sand-glasses, clocks and watches.
By attending to the succession of past events, and finding our anticipations frequently realised, we begin to form some notions with regard to futurity, and by imagining a continued succession, we acquire our ideas of eternity, if we can be said to have any distinct ideas on the subject.
The notions of future time, in all probability, exist wherever there are notions of past time, and bear a coordinate degree of distinctness. In this respect, man is unquestionably superior to the brutes, as he exercises himself more frequently in measuring time, and devises more complicated plans for his future comfort. But the brutes are not ignorant of future time, as many of their actions clearly testify, in the prospective efforts of their imagination, already noticed. A fox or a dog possessed of more food than is necessary for the supply of present wants, conceals the remainder until again urged by the calls of hunger. The ermine will conceal a number of eggs in a particular place, and return at intervals to its magazine.
3.Power.—Were we merely inactive spectators of the changes which take place in the world, it is probable that the ideas of reflection which would result from the con-
templation of these, would be limited to resemblance and succession. But as we begin to act upon the objects around us, and produce in them various changes, we acquire a knowledge of our own Power. When we see changes produced independent of us, we consider it as the display of some other power. These changes, and the efforts which have preceded them, excite our ideas of cause and effect, means and ends.
That the lower animals possess some notion of power and of cause and effect, may be inferred from various actions which they perform. Thus, for example, we have seen the hooded crow (Corvus cornix,) in Zetland, when feeding on the testaceous mollusca, able to break some of the tenderer kinds by means of its bill, aided, in some cases, by beating them against a stone; but as some of the larger shells, such as the buckie, (Buccinum undatum,) and the wilk, cannot be broken by such means, it employs another method, by which, in consequence of applying foreign power, it accomplishes its object. Seizing the shell with its claws, it mounts up into the air, and then loosing its hold, causes the shell to fall among stones, (in preference to the sand, the water, or the soil on the ground,) that it may be broken and give easier access to the contained animal. Should the first attempt fail, a second or a third are tried, with this difference, that the crow rises higher in the air in order to increase the power of the fall, and more effectually remove the barrier to the contained morsel. On such occasions, we have seen a stronger bird remain an apparently inattentive spectator of the process of breaking the shell, but coming to the spot with astonishing keenness, when the efforts of its neighbour had been successful, in order to share in the spoil *. Ani-
mals, in general, seem to have a tolerably correct notion of their own powers, as we do not often see them attempting to accomplish objects for which their strength is inadequate. Thus, we have seen a pointer which, if a hare was wounded, would pursue with the utmost keenness, but if otherwise, would witness her escape without exertion. It is the knowledge of the variety of power which sometimes makes a horse run away with a bad rider, when he would not even make the attempt with a good one.
4.Truth.—Though many have endeavoured to give a satisfactory answer to the question, "What is Truth ?" few have succeeded in the attempt. The failure, we apprehend, has in a great measure arisen from the variety of meanings attached to the term, and the impossibility of giving a definition which shall include the whole, independent altogether of our limited acquirements. Thus, truth is by some considered as opposed to falsehood, by others to ignorance, and by many to duty. At present, we shall consider Truth as expressing the actual existence of things.
Our knowledge derived from the impressions made on the senses, and from reflection, or experience, is to every one the standard by which he judges of truth. In consequence of the origin of this idea of reflection, a thing may be true, which, from experience, we cannot affirm; or false, which we cannot deny.
(a.) Experience.—The value of the information furnished by experience, must necessarily depend on the successful employment of the various instruments of our perception and powers of reflection. Man appears to attend to the exercise of those powers with greater intensity, and to vary and repeat the operations which they perform more fre-
quently, than the inferior animals. His knowledge of truth from experience must, consequently, be more extensive.
The belief which arises in the mind from the testimony of experience, is the most secure and permanent, and upon which all act with unreserved confidence. So rapidly does the mind judge in such cases, that the evidence is said to be intuitive. Here the memory renders powerful assistance.
The indications of experience, however, may deceive, since, as I have already pointed out, the senses frequently communicate impressions which do not correspond with the actual state of things, and the mind, by employing these materials, may arrive at very erroneous conclusions. In these cases, when there is no chance of deception, the confidence in experience is unlimited, and to these the phrase intuitive evidence ought to be restricted. In other cases, we do not entertain such firm belief, until by repeated trials we have satisfied ourselves that all sources of error have been avoided.
The inferior animals possess a knowledge of truth, but in a more limited degree than man. They do not direct their organs of perception to so many objects, or examine the same object under such a variety of aspects. But that they possess much knowledge derived from experience, all will be ready to admit, who have traced the operations of memory which they exhibit. Besides, we witness its display in the caution of an old horse, in comparison of a young one,—and of the older animals which we wish to ensnare, compared with the more ignorant ones which more easily fall into our hands. The absence of experience enables us to deceive the latter; its presence in the former, teaches them to avoid the error.
From the knowledge which the mind possesses of time and power, aided by experience, we confidently expect that
the same event shall take place in the same circumstances; but when there is any change in the circumstances, we expect the event with less certainty, and our confidence is weakened with the extent of the change.
(b.) Testimony.—Experience is the result of our own efforts to attain truth: Testimony is the medium by which we become acquainted with the knowledge or truth of others. Our confidence in the truth of the testimony of others, depends on its conformity to our own experience, and the usual agreement of facts with the report of witnesses. Besides, the signs which we generally employ, represent the ideas which we have formed, and we suppose that others employ signs in the same manner.
In early life, we give ready assent to any statement, because, not being aware of the difficulties of ascertaining the truth, and ignorant of the process of dissembling, we draw conclusions from the testimony of others, in the same hasty and incautious manner as we do from the evidence of our own senses.
When experience has convinced us that our senses frequently give us false information, we become more cautious in admitting the evidence of others, until we are satisfied that they were not deceived.
In the course of our experience, we find that false appearances deceive ourselves, and, from various causes, we perceive that they are employed to deceive others. The natural result of this information, is a diffidence in testimony, until we are satisfied that there is no attempt to deceive. Still more extensive experience and reflection strengthen the diffidence, by making us acquainted with the ambiguity of the signs which are employed in communicating the experience of others.
When once we are satisfied that, having guarded against all sources of error, we have ascertained the truth, no op-
posing testimony will be admitted, as we presume that others have not exercised the same degree of caution. But if our belief is founded on evidence which appears imperfect, and the belief of others on evidence which would have been regarded by us in similar circumstances as complete, we are disposed, after exercising the necessary precautions, to admit their testimony, even in preference to our own experience. Our confidence in all cases in the testimony of others, increases with their number.
Much of the truth, with which we consider ourselves acquainted, is derived from the experience of others. Without the assistance thus obtained, our opinions would often be ill founded for want of a standard of comparison, and by neglecting to exercise sufficient caution in attending to the evidence of the senses.
Among the inferior animals, there are some species which, during life, are solitary and fixed to the same spot, as the common oyster. These can derive no information from the testimony of others. Their knowledge of external objects must be limited to the results of their own sensations. But in the case of all monogamous or polygamous animals, whether gregarious or otherwise, a considerable dependence is placed on the testimony of others in a variety of circumstances. Thus, in the case of wild geese or crows feeding in a field, the knowledge of approaching danger observed by one, is speedily communicated to the whole, who immediately act upon the information.
Errors in testimony, among the lower animals, are frequently committed, as the result of erroneous information or experience. Thus, a cock will often give warning of danger to the hens under his charge, if a pigeon flies rapidly over his head, mistaking it for a rapacious bird. In other cases, the sentinel may be deceived by false appear-
There are few instances of attempts to give false testimony among the inferior animals, which do not appear to arise from the impulse of the instinctive rather than the intellectual powers. The Fox, however, in a tamed state, will often scatter food within the reach of his chain, and then remain motionless until an unwary chicken approaches the cunning observer. This is an attempt to deceive, not so much by scattering about food, as by lulling asleep all suspicion by his quietness.
5.Duty.—In the examination of our idea of reflection with respect to Duty, moralists have not unfrequently mixed with their speculations the notions which they entertain regarding truth. Our ideas of reflection, however, in reference to truth, differ from those of duty, in the manner in which they are acquired, the standards by which we judge of their accuracy, and the kind of belief to which they give rise.
* Dr EDMONDSTON in his "View of the Zetland Islands," gives a very striking illustration of this neglect of the sentinel, in his remarks on the Shag. "Great numbers of this species of the corvorant are sometimes taken during the night while asleep on the rocks, and the mode of accomplishing it is very ingenious. Large flocks sit, during the night, on projecting rocks of easy access, but before they commit themselves to sleep, one or two of the number are appointed to watch.Until these sentinels are secured, it is impossible to make a successful impression on the main body; and to surprise them, is therefore the first object. With this view, the leader of the expedition creeps cautiously and imperceptibly along the rock, until he get within a short distance of the watch. He then dips a worsted glove in the sea, and gently throws water in the face of the guard. The unsuspecting bird, either disliking the impression, or fancying from what he conceives to be a disagreeable state of the weather, that all is quiet and safe, puts his head also under his wing and soon falls asleep. His neck is then immediately broken, and the party dispatch as many as they choose." Vol. ii. p. 253.
Our notions of duty are, in but few instances, the result of experience, being in general derived from testimony. Our standard depends less upon the information of the senses than the dictates of others, and the belief, which is the consequence, may be easily overruled. The dictates of truth are universal and irresistible; those of duty are partial and variable.
In the prosecution of the objects of existence, and in attempting to supply the wants of our nature, we soon discover, that when we enter certain situations, or perform particular actions, we secure happiness or success, while by neglecting to attend to these conditions, we entail upon ourselves pain and disappointment. In many cases, our information respecting what will be hurtful or advantageous, is derived from the testimony given by others of their experienee. In consequence of these suggestions of experience and testimony, we conclude, that we ought to observe the necessary degree of precaution, We likewise witness certain actions which we perform, hurtful or useful to others, and we conclude, employing our own feelings as the standard, that we ought to avoid those which are injurious, and execute, willingly, those which are beneficial. By degrees, we thus acquire our notions of duty, which greatly influence our conduct.
In the course of farther advances in the road of life, we find the scene changing so frequently, and the conditions in which we are placed so variable, that, for the accomplishment of the same end, wc must employ means different from those we formerly made use of; or, in other words, the action which it was our duty, on a former occasion, to perform, has now become unnecessary, or, from the change of circumstances, unsuitable. When these changes occur, in reference merely to our own success or happiness, we consult analogy, our own experience, or that of others. When the happiness or success of others are involved, it
is difficult to point out the principles by which we would be guided, unless the golden rule be considered as one of the natural standards of duty,—" All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them."
To ascertain our duty would be an easy task, were the mind always to pursue so straight a course. But we often act in direct opposition to those rules of conduct which we have previously established. Experience tells us, that the conduct of others is equally consistent as our own. By persevering in this perverted course, we destroy that standard which our own experience had erected, and act upon another which we would formerly have considered imperfect and foolish. By habit or custom, our notions of duty are thus changed, converting, with respect to our conduct, evil into good, and good into evil.
Duty, according to the preceding remarks, consists in employing the most efficacious means to secure the greatest quantity of enjoyment, and to avoid every degree of pain. That the discovery of duty is an intellectual process, is obvious from the variety of opinions which have been entertained on the subject; the variable influence which these opinions exercise over the will; and the effort required to comply with them.
When a standard or rule of duty is proposed to us, we judge from experience, testimony, and analogy, of its suitableness,—and if embraced, we ever after condemn any conduct which is in opposition to it, (although we commit it,) and continue to do so, until a more perfect standard has been proposed and received.
By the help of memory, we acquire an astonishing quickness of perceiving whether we act conformably or oppositely to this received standard. We feel pleasure in the one case, and pain in the other; both of which are encreased according to our notions of the value of the standard by which we try ourselves. To the operations of the memory
The question, then, What is Duty? in reference to its rules or standard, is one of very difficult solution,—or rather, is one which unassisted reason cannot resolve. If we take the question in detail, and ask, What will be acceptable to the Supreme ? the Hindoo devotee will say, to fall under the wheels of the moving temple of the god Juggernauth, and be crushed to death, or to drown himself in the Jumnah at its junction with the Ganges. What is the duty of children to their aged parents ? Some will say, to nourish and comfort them, others to expose them to hunger and death. What treatment ought the mother to bestow on her new born babe? The wives of Madagascar will say, those that are born in the months of March and April, in the last week of every month, and on all the Wednesdays and Fridays of every week, ought to be exposed to perish with hunger, or cold, or be devoured by the wild beasts. We could easily swell the proofs of the variableness of the human standards of duty,—and although all are convinced that there is, or ought to be a standard, they differ with respect to its character. This display of a moral deficiency or want in our nature, is the strongest proof that can be urged for the necessity of a revelation. The Christian religion supplies this moral want,—and furnishes a standard which, if observed, would make all men in every condition happy, exalted and wise.
The divine original of Christianity may be almost demonstrated, from the circumstance of its containing an account of our own imperfections, whose existence human partiality would never have discovered, nor human pride acknowledged. What is it but this partiality whi chinduces many to believe in the existence of an active power, termed a Moral Sense, the origin of moral obligation ?—
"the least violation of whose authority fills us with remorse;" "and the greater the sacrifices we make, in obedience to its suggestions, the greater are our satisfaction and triumph."
Were this representation true, it would exhibit a very gratifying picture of the moral dignity of our race. But, alas! if this moral faculty exists, it is in general too feeble in its operations to influence the conduct, neither prompting us to avoid this pictured remorse, nor to grasp at this imaginary triumph.
Among the lower animals, we do not observe any instances of their acting contrary to their experience. In a domesticated state, where laws have been imposed upon them, they obey from various motives; the prospect of reward, the dread of punishment, and ultimately habit. They are aware of the conformity or disagreement of their actions, to the standard by which they are tried. Examples of this kind of knowledge are daily exhibited in the Ox, Horse, and Dog.
6. Deity.—From the displays of our own power and that of others in the production of motion, we are led to attend to the changes which take place around us, as the marks of some other power; and by witnessing the variety of means which are employed in the accomplishment of these various alterations, and the regularity which they exhibit in their succession, we arrive at the conclusion, that a Being, superior to man in power and wisdom, exists, and continually exerts an influence on the surrounding world.
So simple is this effort of the mind, and so easily excited by the smallest degree of reflection, that the belief in a Superior Being may be considered as universal among mankind. Nations may be found who have scarcely devised signs to express their ideas on this subject, and over whom,
their notions of Deity may exercise little controul; but we can scarcely believe it possible; for man to exist in any stage of society, without being furnished, by the natural operations of his mind, with the first principles of religion.
Along with the progress of civilization, and consequent habits of reflection, we find this religious feeling extending itself, until an effort is made to hold intercourse with the Supreme by prayers and sacrifices.
The impressions which are made upon us by external objects, or the ideas of reflection suggested by memory, when they are the subjects of our intellectual powers, do not necessarily lead to any controul over the body in consequence of an act of volition. Between impression and action, there is always a process of thinking, varying greatly in its nature and duration, according to the subject, but absolutely necessary to connect the one with the other.
In the powers which we are now to consider, the case is very different. Here action follows impression immediately. There is no thinking,—no deliberation.There is likewise a difference in the nature of the action in the two cases. There is an effort required to perform that which is the result of the intellectual process, — whereas, the action which follows in reference to our instinctive powers, is spontaneous, or rather, it requires an effort to resist obedience to the impulse.
As the impressions, in the case of the intellectual powers, are variously modified by the thinking process, the corresponding actions exhibit, in their character, a great degree of variety. The impressions in the case of the instinctive
In many cases, when an impression is produced upon us, which, as belonging to the instinctive powers, would have been followed by action, the intellectual powers interpose their controul, and the impression is surveyed before action is permitted. But, as might have been expected, such action is less varied, than when originally the result of an intellectual process, but more irregular than in those cases in which impression and action follow instantaneously. In the one case, the action is modified, by the impression,—in the other, by the changes the impression has undergone by thought.
The powers to which we are now directing our attention, are usually denominated, by the writers on the science of mind, ACTIVE POWERS. To this appellation, however, there are strong objections. There are other powers which excite to action, inseparably connected with our constitution, which do not belong to this class. Some actions are produced by irritability, of which we are not conscious. Action is likewise produced by the information obtained by the senses, through the medium of thought,—or in consequence of the ideas of reflection which spontaneously arise in the mind. Hence the difference between the intellectual and instinctive powers, is not so distinctly marked in the acts of volition as in the manner in which these acts are excited. It is with a view to avoid all ambiguity on the subject, that we have ventured to substitute the term instinctive.
Much confusion has arisen by the vague use of the terms Instinct and Reason, and much vain speculation has been indulged, in consequence of no distinct and definite ideas being attached to them. No confusion, however, could arise, were we to consider reason as expressing the movements of our Intellectual powers,—and instinct, those
which have hitherto been termed Active. The propriety of restricting the term Instinct, in the manner now done, will be rendered evident, in our enumeration of Instincts or Active Powers.
In attending to our instinctive powers, we shall follow the ordinary division into Appetites, Desires, and Affections. These include all the active principles, whose origin cannot be traced to those intellectual powers, or their results, which we have already enumerated.
The instinctive powers termed Appetites, are essentially requisite for the subsistence of the individual and the continuation of the race. They excite to action at particular periods,—are preceded by an uneasy feeling, yield much comfort during their gratification, and cease to act when the object has been attained. They may be regarded as three in number. Food,—Rest,—and Procreation.
1. Appetite for Food.—As the different parts of the body, from the moment of birth to the close of existence, stand in need of frequent repair; and as nourishment for this purpose is indispensably necessary, animals are not left to obtain a knowledge of these circumstances from observation, nor to supply their wants by the dictates of experience. They are impelled by feelings which arise at the suitable periods, to exert themselves to employ their peculiar organs in the most advantageous manner. This appetite, therefore, begins to act at birth, and, during the continuance of life, executes its movements nearly on a uniform plan.
Among the greater number of animals, the appetite for food is directed in every period to nearly the same sub-
stance, with this modification, that soft substances are preferred in youth. In the mammalia, the appetite is directed to liquids alone, the milk of the mother, in the first periods of existence, and, afterwards, to a mixture of solids and fluids. Yet this instinctive power regulates with equal success, in these different periods, the disimilar movements of sucking and chewing.
In many animals, such as the mammalia, the nourishment of the first period of life is provided by the parents, so that all the exertion necessary for this instinctive power to make, is confined to the proper employment of the food thus brought within the reach of the suitable organs. But, with many other animals, the case is widely different. They are brought forth in situations where there is no parent to assist this appetite, nor food provided for its supply. In such cases, this instinct must execute more complicated movements, and lead the individual to those places where food is to be obtained, and afterwards direct the choice. It is this influence that guides the caterpillar to the leaf,—the duckling to the pool, and the samlet to the ocean.
Under the controul of this appetite, and, prior to all experience, each species is directed to seek the kind of food which affords it the most suitable nourishment, and to shun that which would be deleterious. Thus, in looking at a pastured field, we observe that there are some plants which are left untouched, while others are cropped to the ground. But as the tastes of animals, in this respect, are exceedingly various, we observe that what is left untouched by one species, is greedily devoured by another. Nay, what is eaten by the goat, for example, with avidity, and with impunity by the horse or sheep, as the water-hemlock (Cicuta virosa,) is certain poison to the cow. Hence it has been called water cowbane, and we have heard a Fifeshire farmer, with a
In general, when animals have obtained a supply of food, they satisfy the cravings of appetite and retire. In other cases, the superfluous food of to-day is concealed to provide for the cravings of the morrow; or still more extensive arrangements are exhibited, in which the bounties of harvest are laid up in store against the scarcity of provision in winter.
In the other features of this appetite, there is a much greater variety of character. The frequency of the calls of hunger, varies according to the species or the habits of the individual. Thus, the caterpillar eats almost constantly, while the butterfly produced from it, scarcely ever seeks after nourishment. In almost all animals, however, there are stated intervals, during which the calls of hunger are felt, distinguished by a restlessness, or by the emission of particular sounds.
These particular periods when the calls of hunger are felt, appear in like manner to follow no general rule with regard to the species or even classes of animals. Some feed only during the day, and are termed diurnal, as nearly all the ruminating quadrupeds and land birds; others feed only in the twilight, as the bats and owls, and are called crepuscular; while many beasts of prey, aquatic birds, and others, prefer the darkness of the night, and are termed nocturnal.
The predilections of this appetite are equally anomalous: Some quadrupeds and birds preferring vegetable, others animal matter;—either in a fresh, a dried, or a putrid state. Some species feed on animals and vegetables only while these are living, others only while dead.
In the manner of obtaining food, this instinct, in different animals, acts in various ways. The spider weaves his
web to entangle the fly: The ant-lion digs a pit-fall: The heron remains motionless at the margin of the pool, until the unwary fishes come within the reach of his long neck and bill: The cat kind take their prey by surprise; while the wolf trusts entirely to swiftness and strength. The manner of beginning the feast, even after the supply has been secured, is very different according to the species.
In a domesticated state, animals seem to lose the useful properties of this appetite, which are so essential to their existence in a wild state. Thus, cows which have been kept within doors during the winter, and supported chiefly on dry food, when turned out to pasture in the spring, devour, indiscriminately, every green herb, and frequently suffer for their indiscretion. LINNÆUS tells, that when he visited Tornea, the inhabitants complained of a distemper which killed multitudes of their cattle, especially during spring, when first turned out into a meadow in the neighbourhood. He soon traced the disorder to the water hemlock which grew plentifully in the place, and which the cattle, in the spring, did not know how to avoid*. We have been informed, that in Orkney many goslins die when first turned out into the hills, to pasture, in consequence of eating the leaves of fox-glove. In a wild state, however, this appetite directs animals with great certainty to the suitable objects of nourishment, and does not permit them to taste of those things which would injure or destroy.
By the force of habit, this instinct may be so modified, as that what was disagreeable at first, shall even become an object of desire. By this capability of changing taste, various animals can accommodate themselves to new situations,
and preserve existence and its comforts under circumstances which, without it, would have been fatal to both.
But while the useful properties of this appetite disappear, in many cases, in consequence of domestication, in several instances they remain and exhibit themselves even when not necessary to the comfortable existence of the individual. Thus the dog, even when well fed, will often conceal the remainder of the food he is unable at the time to consume, although the calls of hunger seldom urge him to return to the hidden stores. The fox, so similar to the dog in many particulars, exhibits, (as we have already stated with another view,) in a wild state, the same disposition. When he has obtained more food than is necessary for the supply of his present wants, he buries the remainder, and returns to it when again pressed by hunger, often after an interval of several days. It is probable, that in a wild state, the dog obeys a similar instinct, of which, its appearance in a domesticated state is a strong proof. Even the love of hunting, which prevails among our race, almost universally, seems to be the remains of one of the original instincts of the species.
As intimately connected with this appetite, we may shortly notice the peculiar manner in which each animal disposes of its excrementitious or secreted matters. How carefully do the otherwise filthy swine, even in a domesticated state, void in a corner, and preserve the cleanliness of their bed. Cats are careful to bury their dung, while dogs exonerate upon stones. The uniformity of these peculiar modes of action in each species, indicates instinctive arrangements for their production, which the fastidious observer may despise, but which the enlightened naturalist will not overlook.
2. Appetite for Sleep.—We have already, while treating of the muscular and nervous systems, stated the neces-
sity of repose to recruit exhausted strength, and the different positions assumed by animals in accomplishing this object. But we are not left to discover this necessity by the slow process of experience; the appetite which we are now to consider determines our choice, and in each species regulates the different conditions which are necessary according to peculiar plans.
The time, in which animals sleep, is regulated by the instinct for food. Those animals which are diurnal feeders are nocturnal sleepers, while those which are crepuscular, sleep, partly in the night and partly in the day. In general there is but one sleep in the course of the natural day, and its length varies with the season of the year. In some animals, which enjoy sleep during the ordinary periods, the condition is assumed and continues permanent during the winter season. Such are termed Torpid animals. We shall afterwards have occasion to consider the circumstances attending their torpidity.
Sleep, in general, seizes the frame after the ordinary exertion of the body, or of the intellectual or active powers. Its approach is accelerated by any extraordinary exertion, although during the continuance thereof, at whatever period of the day, this instinct is overruled. All animals seem to be debilitated by exercise, and to require periodical intervals of repose for their renovation. There is likewise a tendency to obey the impulses of this instinct, whenever the calls of hunger have been satisfied.
The tendency to sleep is accompanied, in man, with a listlessness, and feeling of muscular weakness; the senses cease to convey impressions of external objects, so that the mind no longer holds its ordinary intercourse with them,—attention is relaxed,—memory ceases to recall,—and the imagination to arrange, and consciousness itself can scarcely be said to be in exercise. At the same time, every instinc-
When in this condition of sleep, we find that all the powers of body have lost a portion of their sensibility, so that no impressions are produced, unless those which are very strong; in which case the state of sleep is interrupted arid the individual, awakes.
After continuing in this state of sleep for a definite time, our various powers again assume their wonted functions,—consciousness returns,—the senses again establish our relation with external objects,—the intellectual powers operate upon the materials which they collect,—and our instincts again exert themselves as active powers.
There is now a pleasing feeling of recruited strength, a sense of new vigour, and a disposition to activity.
But in some cases this instinct is so far influenced by circumstances that the sleep produced is imperfect, and we are said to dream. This happens when there is any organic derangement of the body, or when the irritability of the body, during the state of repose, is too much excited, (as when the stomach is overloaded or filled with matter difficult to digest), and calls into action the instincts by which it is accustomed to be controlled.
In one state of dreaming, the intellectual powers are in action, but the process of thought is conducted differently from the way in which it is carried on in our waking moments. We fancy that the senses are communicating to us information of external objects, while they are in a state of inactivity, so that we appear incapable of distinguishing between the impressions of perception and memory. We are equally incapable of perceiving the difference between the ideas of memory and imagination. Hence we form the most incongruous images, mixing the conditions of different ideas of memory, with regard to time, place and
connection, without perceiving that it is the imagination chiefly that is in exercise. However confused the limits between the ideas of recollection and imagination, the attention seems sufficiently active to enable the memory to treasure up the distorted images.
The recollection of the efforts of our instinctive powers is likewise a common employment of the mind during this state of dreaming, and in some cases, in consequence of these instincts being in part awake, partial action is produced. This is exemplified in Somnambulists, or those who rise and walk during sleep, or those who speak. The former will sometimes rise out of bed and move from one room to another, or even go into the open air, without becoming awake; and the latter, while talking, if cautiously spoken to, may be made to keep up an irregular conversation. Somnambulism exhibits, however, this very singular character, that the memory retains no traces of the actions which were performed, or the feelings in which they originated.
That the same causes operate in producing imperfect sleep, in other animals, may, with considerable property, be inferred, even in the absence of direct proof. Indeed we can have no proof of such a state, unless the instinctive powers have been so far awake as to produce action. This proof, however, has been obtained in the case of the dog. This animal, during sleep, may sometimes be observed moving his limbs and tail with considerable velocity, and even uttering low and imperfect sounds, as if barking.
In preparing for sleep, some animals assume particular attitudes, such as we have already noticed, but remain in the open air. Others retire to shaded places or caves. Some sleep without any covering: others prepare for themselves a bed in order to keep up their standard of heat, which would become diminished by inaction.
3. Appetite for Procreation.—The two preceding appetites are necessary to the existence and well-being of the individual:—The one under consideration is subservient to the continuation of the species. As the exercise of the former cannot be dispensed with, in any period, without the decay or death of the individual, they continne to operate from the commencement to the close of life. It is otherwise with the present appetite: for it seldom begins to exert its influence until the body has nearly reached maturity, and usually ceases when it is beginning to decay. In many cases, the influence is only felt once during the continuance of life, as in many insects. In other cases, it operates periodically through a considerable portion of life. In all cases, however, it excites to action at such a period, that the young animals to be produced, shall enter life at a season of the year, when temperature, food, and all the other conditions of existence are in the best possible state for their comfort and increase.
But the most singular property of this instinct, is its selective quality, always guiding individuals to those of the same species. Even in the activity of this power, whatever be the age or the season, every animal is indifferent or averse to those of any other species. Hence there is in nature no mixture or contamination of species, every living thing seeking after its kind.
Domestication produces on this appetite effects equally striking as on the appetite for food. It usually accelerates the period when this power exerts itself,—increases the frequency of its demands,—and, in a few instances, destroys the selective quality.
THE instinctive powers which are usually denominated Desires, differ from those of the preceding class in many
Well-marked characters. The appetites, so far as we are able to judge from experience, observation, and analogy, form an essential part of the constitution of every animal. The desires, on the other hand, are not so universally distributed. They constitute rather the distinguishing characters of individuals or species, than of classes, as no one desire (except perhaps that of warmth) appears common to all. Besides, they differ from the appetites, in the uniformity of their excitements. They do not return after certain intervals: and they do not cease to act, upon the attainment of their object.
1.Desire of Warmth.—Whether the blood be hot or cold,—whether the animal resides on the land or in the waters, there is a particular degree of heat congenial to the feelings, and necessary to the functions of every animal. There is a propensity, in animals at least, to secure this requisite degree of warmth, and its operations, more, perhaps, than any other circumstance, influence their physical distribution. This instinct is destined to guard animals equally against the extremes of heat and cold, and to keep them within that range of temperature most conducive to their health and comfort. In the fixed animals, this desire, if it exists, cannot excite to action, as locomotion is denied.
In the execution of its important ends, this instinct guides animals to particular places, to the open sunshine, or the refreshing shade; to the heated sand-bank, or the cooling water; to the exposed mountains, or the sheltered plains.
The standard of temperature differs according to the species, and even according to the individuals, and the district of the globe they are destined to dwell in. Hence we find individuals of a species in a variety of situations with regard to temperature, in the same district, and animals thriving in every latitude.
habit. The standard of temperature may be altered a few degrees, provided the change be slowly brought about. If it is attempted rapidly, a diseased state of the system, in general, is the consequence. In some cases, the sensibility of the nerves is, to a certain extent, destroyed by the change, so that the exposed parts cease to experience those painful impressions which, under other circumstances, would have been produced.
Man is the only being on this globe who, in the gratification of this desire, kindles a fire wherewith to warm himself. He makes use of friction or percussion to exicite the heat, in the first instance, and employs vegetables, or bituminous minerals, to increase and continue it. It is impossible to ascertain, whether this was originally the discovery of an individual, and subsequently communicated by example or tradition, or whether it be really a character of this active power as it exists in man. It is at least certain, that the use of artificial heat is coeval and coexistent with our race. The monkey may approach the fire which the savages have left, and warm himself at its glowing embers, but he is never prompted to secure a continuance of the comfort, by the addition of fresh fuel, or by setting fire to combustible matter in another situation.
2. Clothing.—Many animals are produced at their birth, in such circumstances, that they stand in no need of any other clothing than the skin, and its natural appendices, and continue through life independent of the protection of foreign bodies. Such animals are, of course, unprovided with this instinctive principle. But there are other animals which, during a part or the whole of life, stand in need of an artificial covering for their protection.
Of those which cover themselves only during a certain part of life, there are some which derive the materials of their habitation from their own body, as the silk-worm,
while in its pupa state; while others, as many caterpillars, employ secreted threads in order to draw around them the leaves of the plants on which they feed.
Other animals which likewise require only a temporary covering, fabricate their garment from the materials which they employ as food. This is the case with the Tinea, or clothes-moths. They feed upon wool or hair; and, with the same materials, they construct a covering to fit their body, with which they move about, increasing its length by adding to its extremity, and its breadth, by slitting up the sides, and inserting new materials in the gap. The Phryganeæ, or Caddis worms, on the other hand, while they pass the first portion of their existence in the water, clothe themselves with bits of straw, sand, or shells. These they cut into proper shape, and form into a tube a little larger than the body, in which they dwell, and which they likewise carry about with them. However rough the outside of the covering may appear, the inside is smooth, having a coating of slimy matter plastered round the cavity. These animals do not, in obedience to this instinct, employ the materials within their reach indiscriminately; for the covering might, in that case, become too heavy to be easily carried about with them at the bottom of the pool,—or too light, and, by rising buoyant to the surface, remove them from their sources of nourishment. They select and arrange the materials, so as to avoid both these evils.
But there are many animals which employ an artificial covering during every period of their lives. Some we observe, although incapable of collecting and arranging the materials for a habitation, are still provided with a propensity for a covering, and avail themselves of the remains of other animals. The hermit-crab takes up his abode in a deserted univalve shell; and, when his body enlarges, he shifts to a larger shell, and thus preserves himself in a pro-
tected state during all the stages of his existence. Others, (as the Sabellæ,) construct a covering of particles of sand cemented together, increasing the diameter of the tube with the corresponding increase of the size of the body. Those animals which construct a permanent covering with which they are connected, in every period of life, are all inhabitants of the water. Man is the only animal endowed with this instinct, that inhabits the land. Parental tenderness supplies his wants in the first instance, and afterwards he is guided by this active power, regulated by habit, and the principle of imitation.
As subordinate to this desire, we may here take notice of the Habitations of Animals, into which they retire at particular intervals.
The most common display of this instinctive power in the formation of a dwelling, may be observed in those animals which burrow in the earth. These form their holes with their jaws, as many insects, or with their feet, as quadrupeds and some birds. The retreat sometimes consists of a single apartment, while others excavate several chambers, leaving the walls without a covering, or giving them a coat of plaster to prevent them from crumbling down. In many cases, there is only one entry, while others make use of two or more. In the arrangement of the entry, this instinct displays its extraordinary powers. Sometimes the entrance, as in the case of the otter and pole-cat, opens into a thicket, or under the cover of a hanging bank. In other cases, as that of a spider, termed by LATREILLE Mygale cæmentaria, the entrance is closed by a door formed of particles of earth cemented by silken fibres, and closely resembling the surrounding ground. This door, or rather valve, is united by a silken hinge to the entrance, at its upper side, and so balanced, that when pushed up, it shuts again with its own weight.
In digging these subterranean dwellings, insects transport the earth to a distance, carrying it in their jaws. Quadrupeds, during the digging, when incommoded by its accumulation at the entrance, turn round, and, with their fore feet, push to a distance the loose rubbish, as may be seen in the efforts of the rabbit and field-mouse.
In many cases, animals unite and construct a dwelling for the convenience and protection of the colony. It is in the architectural displays of this power, exhibited by animals that live in society, that the most wonderful attributes of this instinct have been ascertained. The masonic labours of the bee and the ant are well known; and they produce a habitation regular in its structure, substantial in its materials, and commodious in its apartments. What man considers as a high effort of his understanding, may be here witnessed as the result of an instinct, unaided by experience, uniform in its results, and successful in its plans.
3. Desire of Place.—Every one knows, that different animals prefer different situations. The common pigeon, in a wild state, makes choice of the caverns of the rock, in which to sleep, and a smooth grassy bank on which to bask. The wood pigeon, on the other hand, nestles on trees, and spends all its hours of repose or relaxation on their branches. The sparrow prefers, at all seasons, the haunts of men; while the robin flees from their abodes during the breeding season, but delights to spend with them the dreary months of winter. The jack-daw delights to live in the ruined tower, and the rook in the aged wood. In man, this instinctive power exhibits its controul in the love of country, and the pleasure associated with the idea of home. In many cases, the operations of this desire are modified by circumstances connected with food and temperature; but, in a variety of instances, it is impossible to assign any physiological reason for the choice.
Perhaps the most singular attribute of this desire is exhibited in the facility with which many animals, when transported from their usual haunts, can find out the proper direction by which to return. The horse, the ass, and the cat, among quadrupeds, have been known to exhibit very remarkable instances of this power of discovering home *. Among birds, the pigeon has long been celebrated for this quality, and frequent and successful attempts have been made to render it useful to man. A pigeon has been frequently taken to a distance; and, after a letter has been tied under its wing, and the bird then let loose, it has rapidly returned with the despatches. Attention to all the qualities
* In the "Introduction to Entomology," by KIRBY and SPENCE, vol. ii. p. 502. the following curious example of this facility of finding home, is communicated on the authority of Lieutenant Alderman, Royal Engineers, who was personally acquainted with the facts.
"In March 1816, an ass, the property of Captain Dundas, R. N., then at Malta, was shipped on board the Ister frigate, Captain Forrest, bound from Gibraltar for that island. The vessel having struck on some sands off the Point de Gat, at some distance from the shore, the ass was thrown overboard to give it a chance of swimming to land,—a poor one, for the sea was running so high, that a boat which left the ship was lost. A few days afterwards, however, when the gates of Gibraltar were opened in the morning, the ass presented himself for admittance, and proceeded to the stable of Mr Weeks, a merchant, which he had formerly occupied, to the no small surprise of this gentleman, who imagined that, from some accident, the animal had never been shipped on board the Ister. On the return of this vessel to repair, the mystery was explained; and it turned out, that Valiante, (as the ass was called,) had not only swam safely to shore, but, without guide, compass or travelling-map, had found his way from Point de Gat to Gibraltar,—a distance of more than two hundred miles, through a mountainous and intricate country, intersected by streams, which he had never traversed before, and in so short a period, that he could not have made one false turn. His not having been stopped on the road, was attributed to the circumstance of his having been formerly used to whip criminals upon, which was indicated to the peasants, who have a superstitious horror of such asses, by the holes in his ears, to which the persons flogged were tied."
of this desire, will often enable the naturalist to find out and to distinguish particular species; and the extent of this kind of knowledge distinguishes the practical from the closet naturalist.
4. Curiosity.—We observe in children, a disposition to examine the objects which surround them, and to ascertain their properties. Nor is this tendency confined to the early period. It continues to exercise its controul in manhood, and even in old age, prompting us to attend to new objects, to study the changes which present themselves, and to maintain our acquaintance with the world in which we live.
This principle appears to exercise a greater influence upon the human species than upon the individuals of any other, and urges us to examine a greater variety of objects, in every possible state of combination. It is to this feature of our character, that we can refer our superior capability of receiving instruction. But the same principle operates, although in an inferior degree, among some of the lower animals. We have thus limited our assertion, because, among many animals, we do not perceive even a trace of this desire, the attention being exclusively confined to the supply of the bodily wants. The monkey tribe are fond of examining new objects, and will subject themselves to a considerable degree of trouble in the attempt. The dog is seldom disposed to suffer a stranger to remain in his company, unmolested by his attempts to become acquainted with his appearance and smell.
This instinct, in the lower animals, is confined to the appearances and present properties of objects; while, with man, the case is different. He does not rest satisfied with a knowledge of appearances, but he is disposed to examine the agents which have produced them. The lower animals have their curiosity confined to effects; man alone attempts to investigate causes. He builds, and he pulls down, he combines and divides, in order to satisfy his cu-
riosity; and seldom relinquishes the pursuit willingly, until he has gained the information which he desires.
5. Society.—This instinct, like curiosity, is not common to all animals. There are many species, as the oyster and bernacle, which appear to be incapable, from their fixed station, of acquiring any knowledge of the existence of individuals of their species. Others, on the contrary, are social from necessity, as the Mollusca Tunicata, and many zoophytes, constantly growing in groups, or inseparably connected by bodily organization. Even among the free animals, many seem to prefer a life of solitude, and exhibit no desire, unless perhaps during the season of love, of associating with other animals, or even with the individuals of their species.
But in those animals in which this instinct prevails, it exhibits its controul, independent of any feelings which the appetites excite. Among gregarious animals, we observe, with some, the social union so intimate, that this instinct appears to be essentially necessary to their existence, or, at least, to the continuance of their race. Thus, bees congregate by an irresistible impulse of this instinct, and it is only when united that they can perform all the functions, and enjoy all the comforts of their existence. In those animals, where this union is necessary, we perceive such admirable arrangements exhibited by this instinct, such subordination of purpose, and such co-operation of means, that we may consider it one of the most curious, wonderful, and complicated of the active powers.
In many cases this desire operates, although its action is not connected with the immediate wants of the individual. Thus we observe rooks congregating, although, as far as we are able to judge, each pair could subsist, though unconnected with a flock, and even obtain a more copious supply of food than when surrounded with numerous com-
panions, each intent upon the same purpose, and ready to anticipate his neighbour in seizing the enviable morsel. There are advantages, however, which result from this union, and which counterbalance the accompanying evils. There are common interests which are secured by it,—warning is given of danger,—notice communicated of any new store of food, and exertion prompted by example.
Although this desire, in general, brings together the individuals of the same species, and unites them in one flock, yet, in the absence of other individuals of the same species, a social animal will unite itself with the individuals of other species, and frequent the places to which they resort, and follow their movements. Thus, man is often gratified with the company of a dog, and a sheep will associate with a cow. When prevented from indulging this desire, a considerable degree of impatience is exhibited, which not unfrequently terminates in languor, sickness and death.
6. Imitation.—We have already taken notice of sympathy as affecting the nervous system, and inducing action in parts remote from the place where the first impression was actually produced. We may now consider this desire of imitation, as having its foundation in this organic tendency, and prompting to actions more extensive and complicated. When we see a person yawn, we are disposed to perform the same action; when we see them in motion we have likewise a tendency to follow. The same feeling operates whether it relates to the production of motion, of rest, or of sound.
This desire contributes greatly to the progress of the improvement of the human species. The child imitates the actions of its parents, and acquires a dexterity in performing them. In manhood we repeat the actions of others, and make their acquirements our own. We even
attempt to imitate the actions of other species, as in flying, swimming, diving, and a variety of other efforts.
To this principle of imitation can be readily traced, national character, and family resemblance. It is that instinct on which, more than any other, our susceptibility of education depends.
In the lower animals, this instinct displays itself, chiefly in those of social habits. It is proverbially known that the startling of one individual will set a whole herd of cattle in motion, and if one sheep leaps the fence, the others will speedily follow. Even in the lower animals, imitative actions are not always copied from the individuals of the same species. The monkey will imitate the motions of a man, and the parrot his voice.
7.Approbation.—The desire of approbation exercises a powerful influence on the human character. It prompts us to the greatest exertions, and it restrains our most violent passions. Long before we are aware of the personal or public advantages which result from its guidance, we enjoy with rapture the applause of others. In order to secure it to our memory, we are disposed, in many cases, to part with life itself.
As this principle could not be called into exercise, but among those animals which are likewise possessed of the social desire, we do not observe this instinct in any others; and even in social animals, we are only aware of its existence in those which we have domesticated. The dog appears delighted with the approbation of his master, and quickly discovers and seems mortified with his displeasure. The cow and the horse exhibit this instinct, but in an inferior degree, arising, perhaps, from our being less intimately acquainted with their manners. Among birds or animals belonging to any of the lower class, we
do not perceive very distinct marks of the existence of this instinct. It probably influences the exertions of the social tribes of insects, although their condition precludes the possibility of observing the proofs of its operation.
8.Power.—We are fond of exercising controul over all the objects which surround us, checking or accelerating their motions, modifying their properties, and rendering them subservient to our purposes. In accomplishing these ends we have recourse to our bodily strength, and to our acquaintance with the properties of matter, and place them equally under the guidance of this instinct. We train our body by exercise, store our mind with knowledge, and strive to heap up riches, with no other view than to encrease our power over natural objects, or the members of society. When resisted in our obedience to the impulses of this instinct we become impatient, and frequently waste ourselves in fruitless efforts, or sink in despondency. The love of liberty is the offspring of this desire, as well as the horror of degradation or slavery.
Many of the lower animals exhibit this instinct, in their hatred of confinement, but more particularly in the resistance which they offer when any individual, even of their own species, attempts to impose any restraint, or even to exhibit any superiority. What is emulation but our aversion to feel ourselves inferior to others, or to be regarded as such by our neighbours ? Horses, in a race, contend with much keenness to excel in speed, and chanticleer, in his seraglio, abhors a rival. The dog delights to receive marks of the approbation of his master, but appears unwilling that his companion should enjoy any share of the favour.
In man this instinct is cultivated with care, and much pains bestowed to extend its influence, in order to secure
bodily or mental superiority. But among the brutes, it is confined to bodily superiority, and appears little, if at all, influenced by education or habit.
The desires of imitation, approbation and power, appear chiefly to operate on those animals which live in society, and perhaps may be regarded as attributes of the social instinct, rather than distinct principles of the constitution. Before attempting to simplify the desires in this manner, however, it would be necessary to examine, with greater care than any one appears ever to have done, all the active principles of those animals which are social from instinct, (not necessarily from bodily organization), in order to trace the unity of action in their supposed secondary desires.
9. Life.—The existence of this instinctive principle, as a part of our own constitution, is universally recognised. It prompts us to a variety of actions, through every period of our life, retaining its influence even when in old age our field of enjoyment has been very limited. The medical practitioner avails himself of its influence, in order to compel his patient to swallow the most nauseous draughts, or to submit to the most painful and mutilating operations. It is not equally powerful in every individual. Its deficiency contributes to the formation of the hero, its excess constitutes a coward.
The love of life displays itself in the active exertions which we make to avoid pain, as the prelude to death; or any direct attack. If about to fall, we stretch forth our hands, so as to restore our controul over the centre of gravity, or weaken the shock when approaching the ground. That this is not the result of experience, instigating us to avoid pain, is obvious from the circumstance of the universality of the operation, and the similarity of the manner of performing it. Besides, we have seen the most palpable indications of its existence in an infant of a month old
When any body is falling upon us, we spontaneously hold up our hands, as an effort to defend ourselves.
These instinctive actions, are best calculated for protecting us from attacks which would cause pain, and which come upon us suddenly. In other cases, where the danger is greater, we are guided to oppose it by other kinds of physical force, or seek for safety in flight. In the one case when we fight for safety, we are guided by anger; in the other, when we flee from danger, we are regulated by fear.
The inferior animals, in obedience to the same instinct, protect themselves from danger by similar means. Although they do not possess members so well adapted for sudden movement as our hands, yet, by various other expedients, they accomplish the same end. The hedgehog rolls up its body, and presents a surface of prickles to the foe. Birds in general, when surprised, raise and bend back their heads. Some animals, as the hare, uniformly strive to flee from danger; while the badger, not only flees, when practicable, but fights obstinately when compelled. Many aquatic birds avoid being shot, by diving upon seeing the flash, and. getting under water before the shot reaches the place. Upon being surprised, they have recourse to the same expedient. The cuttle-fish conceals himself in his inky fluid, and the torpedo benumbs his foes by an electrical discharge. Others endeavour to strike terror, by their sounds, or gestures, or odours.
There is, however, one attribute of this instinct in the lower animals, which man does not possess, although we can perceive an approach to it. Man conceals himself from the approaching danger, and ceases to move or speak, lest he should discover his retreat, and expose himself to danger. The hare, in like manner, will often remain in her form until the hunters are past, and then steal away unperceived. But the provision to which I chiefly refer, is the propensity,
in scenes of danger, to feign death. This is chiefly displayed in various insects, and may readily be perceived in the common dorbeetle, (Scarabæus stercorarius, Lin.) This insect when seized, will stretch out its legs, rendering them stiff, and will remain motionless, until the danger seems to be over. In this state the limbs may be broken, without any action being excited in the animal.
The immediate object of the two preceding classes of our active powers, is to secure to the individual the comfortable continuance of existence. In the case of the instincts which are termed Affections, the object is to communicate pleasure or pain to others. Those of the first class centre in ourselves; the last have a reference to others, binding us in a variety of ways, to encrease their enjoyments or to repress their faults. They have been divided, according to their object, into Benevolent and Malevolent affections.
1.Parental Affection.—We have placed this instinct first in order, because it is the most powerful in its impulses, secures for us the greatest quantity of enjoyment, prompts to the execution of the most complicated movements, and is essentially necessary to the continuation of life. This affection displays its energies,
a. In each species providing a suitable place for the birth of its offspring.—This end is accomplished with the same degree of certainty in those animals which produce their young at first in the form of eggs, as in those which bring them forth alive. Among the animals of the former class, denominated oviparous, we witness fishes approach the shore to deposit their spawn in the crevices of the rocks, on the leaves of sea-weeds, or in the sand; but in all these
cases, cach species has a peculiar manner of arranging its eggs, as well as a choice of situation. In every case, however, they are placed within the vivifying influence of the solar rays, and are hatched at the season of the year most advantageous for the growth and the comfort of the fry.
In other oviparous animals, such as birds, before the eggs can be deposited, a house or nest must be constructed, often consisting of various materials, collected with great labour, and formed with exquisite neatness, which in a few species is lined with the down which they pull from their bodies. In all these cases, obedience to this instinct is cheerfully complied with, however difficult, and any obstacle to prevent the execution of its purposes occasions pain.
b. In each species securing a supply of suitable food for its offspring.—The simplest form in which this law is observed, consists in the parent depositing its eggs on those substances which are to serve as food for the young when hatched. This is familiarly displayed in the case of the cabbage-butterfly, which deposites its eggs on the leaves which are afterwards to serve as the food of its caterpillar. In the case of the Oestrus equi, the eggs are deposited in such a situation, that circumstances are likely to occur, by which they shall be conveyed to a proper place for the issuing forth of the larva, and for its obtaining a suitable supply of food. The female insect attaches her eggs to those parts only of the horse which are most liable to be licked by the tongue, by which process they are conveyed into the stomach. There, they are almost instantaneously hatched, the larva, known by the name of bots, adhere to the coats of the stomach by hooks with which they are provided, obtain food from the juices by which the horse is nourished, and when mature pass out with the dung, to undergo the future changes of life.
In many species this active principle not only prompts the parent to prepare a suitable receptacle, and deposit its egg therein; but, as in the case of many hymenopterous insects, to collect a quantity of food and deposite it in each cell, for the support of the larva when excluded.
The last and most complicated effort of this instinct, consists in providing a regular supply of food for the young animals, while they are incapable of feeding themselves. In the mammiferous animals, the young are supplied with milk at the first, and are accustomed by degrees to partake of that food on which they are afterwards to subsist. In birds, however, the food must be collected with much industry, and, when brought to the nest, distributed in just proportions among the callow young.
In the execution of these various tasks, we never witness any symptoms of reluctance or murmuring, the labour being performed with chearfulness. Neither can we discover any awkwardness, the mark of inexperience. The young and the old, guided by this instinct, perform their duty with equal alacrity and precision.
c. In each species employing means to secure a suitable temperature.—In the case of oviparous animals, care must be bestowed to provide for the egg a suitable temperature to ensure its hatching. The crocodile prepares a small hillock of sand at some distance from the water, with a hollow in the middle, which she lines with leaves and other vegetable matter; then deposites her eggs, and covers them over with leaves. The heat from the fermenting leaves, joined with that of the atmosphere, soon hatches them. Birds remain upon their eggs for weeks together, covering them carefully with their bodies, denying themselves, during this period, all the enjoyments of liberty, and scarcely taking enough of food and exercise to keep them in a healthy state. Even in the interval of absence to obtain
food, some birds, as the common duck, cover the eggs carefully with down and straw to preserve their warmth, and probably likewise to conceal them from foes. When the eggs are hatched, the old birds for some time continue to sit at intervals on the young brood, to preserve their temperature.
Among the mammiferous animals, the same instinctive carefulness, when requisite to keep their young offspring warm, is equally apparent. Some make a common bed, as the sow, and permit the young ones to lie in her bosom. The rabbit, on the other hand, covers her young ones at the first with hair, and closes up the entrance to her nest, to prevent the circulation of cold air.
d. In each species keeping its own offspring in a suitable state of cleanliness.—The circumstances attending the birth of many animals, call for the immediate exertion of the parent to remove those things which at the time or afterwards would injure or incommode. Thus, in the nests of birds the fragments of the eggshells, if permitted to remain, would bruise and otherwise injure the young. These, however, the parent birds take up in their bill, and remove them to a distance. In the case of young quadrupeds, the rapidity of evaporation from their moist surface, immediately after birth, would prove injurious to them. But the mother, as may be seen in the case of the sheep, cow, or mare, forgetting the pains of parturition, begins to lick the hair and make it dry.
But these are not all the evils which the instinctive power we are now considering prompts the parents of animals to remove. Before the young birds are capable of voiding their excrement over the margin of the nest, the old ones convey away the mutings, which are at first covered with a pellicle, in their bills, and drop them at a distance from their nest. With rabbits and other quadrupeds, whose young dwell in holes, and are born blind, without
leaving the nest for many days, the mothers apparently keep them clean, by licking off all moisture and fecal matter, so that you shall find the hair of their bed always dry, as well as the straw beneath and around. When attempted to be reared from birth without a mother, it is extremely difficult, if not impossible, to keep them dry.
e. In each species protecting its own offspring from danger.—This is chiefly accomplished by fighting in their defence against the threatening foe. Even those animals, as the common hen and sheep, which, in general, protect their own lives by flight, will, in defence of their young, brave every danger, and exhibit a degree of courage, amounting to a total disregard to their own safety. Sometimes, however, they employ stratagems to lead the foe to a distance, We have seen the common partridge actually strike at a pointer, who had, by accident, rushed unperceived by the old birds, into the middle of a covey. The ordinary device which she employs is to run off, with her wings hanging down, as if she had been wounded, to entice the dog to follow her, and leave her young in safety. We have seen equally interesting examples of the display of the same instinct of feigning lameness, to lead an obtruder from the young, in the common wild duck, ringed plover, golden plover, and arctic gull.
When accidents prevent the young from reaching the period when they can provide lor their own wants, we observe the parents in a state of painful uneasiness, and expressing their grief in sounds which they seldom utter on other occasions.
In the human species, this instinctive affection continues to operate during the whole of life. In the inferior animals, on the other hand, the feeling which binds the parent to the offspring, ceases, when the latter have become capable of supplying their own wants, and securing their own enjoyments. With many animals, indeed, this in-
stinct does not extend to the young, but is limited in its operations to the deposition of the egg in a suitable situation. The parent, in this case, never sees its offspring; the offspring is equally ignorant of the characters of a parent.
2.Filial Affection.—This instinct is obviously confined to the young of those animals which are nurtured at the commencement of life by a parent's care. Under its guidance, young animals are restrained from wandering, and induced to remain under the protection of their parents. When forcibly or accidentally removed, they utter sounds peculiarly expressive of their sorrow. In obedience to the same instinct, young animals observe the signals which are made to them by their parents. The chicken quickly obeys the clucking of the hen, the lamb the bleating of the ewe. While young animals are thus under the protection, and obedient to the signals of their parents, they learn to imitate their actions, and by degrees become acquainted with the places which they are afterwards to frequent.
This instinct continues to operate during the period of parental affection. In the human species, both these active powers continue for life; while, among the lower animals, the reciprocal feelings of parental and filial affection cease, when the immediate objects for which they were exercised have been accomplished.
3.Social Affection.—We have adopted the epithet Social, in preference to Patriotic, the term by which this affection is generally distinguished; because, under this last, are frequently included the desires of place and society. This is more properly the love which certain animals bear to the individuals of their own species, in preference to those of any other. It is always accompanied with the de-
sire of society, and preceded by the parental and filial affections. This affection exists in its purest form in the human species, in the bosom of a family, in the superiority of the parents, the obedience of the children, and the desire glowing in every breast, to guard from danger, and increase the comfort of all. When several families unite their interests, and form a tribe, we observe, in this patriarchal government, the same subordination prevailing, the same desires and affections operating. Beyond this range of political government, there is unquestionably a greater display of the energies of our nature; but they are accompanied with less disinterestedness and integrity.
In the inferior animals, where the ties of parental and filial affection soon lose their influence, there are few instances of the family union lasting beyond a single season. But the patriarchal form of government prevails in almost all those animals possessed of the desire of society, and appears to be regulated by the same principles which operate in similar establishments of the human race. We observe,
a. A Ruler.—In the lower animals, we do not discover any examples of deliberate choice, in the appointment of a governor; but in all cases, the preference is given to the largest, the strongest, and the most courageous of the tribe. Between what may be termed rival chiefs, there are frequently furious combats; and the victor, without further resistance, assumes the command. This leader is, in general, a male: although, in the common bee, it is a female who holds the reins of government, limited, however, in her power, and subject to the controul of her constituents.
There is in these statements the free use of terms borrowed from human forms; but as we regard these as merely the displays of this instinct in a particular species, the well known phraseology in which their characters have been detailed, is peculiarly adapted to our general view of the subject.
It appears to be the duty of this ruler, to exercise dominion over the individuals of his tribe, to be first at the post of danger, and to regulate the places for the safety of all. Accordingly, in the exercise of his office, a bull, a ram, or a stallion, may easily be detected in a flock, by superior boldness and freedom of action, — by keeping on the outside of the group, and being foremost to hazard the chances of a battle. The herds of wild elephants are likewise governed by a leader; and when these are enclosed in a snare, he is the first that enters the palisades, the first to become captive. When, instead of fighting, the duty of the leader is to retreat, we always observe him first in motion. Thus, in approaching a flock of seals on a sandbank, it is the largest which we observe moving first towards the water; and in springing a covey of partridges, the sire is usually first on the wing.
b. Mutual Support.—It is obvious, that without obedience to the ruler, the tribe would lose the benefit of his protection; so, without a union of strength or stratagem in the hour of danger, the foe would be able to make more extensive havoc. If a dog enter a park among cattle, a general movement of the herd towards him, indicates the sense of common danger. When a wolf approaches the flock, they form a hollow-square, and placing the young ones in the centre, are in this manner prepared for the attack. In such a situation, the bull as the ruler, usually steps forward and chases the foe to a distance. Perhaps, however, the most complicated part of this system of mutual defence, consists in the appointment of sentinels to give warning of danger; and, in the mean time, to permit the herd to eat or rest in safety. The monkeys, when engaged in their predatory excursions, always have one of their number at a suitable place, to give warning of danger, if necessary. In looking at a flock of geese feeding in a
field, some of them may always be perceived on the watch, while the others are at work; and these, upon the near approach of a man or a dog, instantly give the signal to their obedient companions.
In many cases, this instinct is not confined to giving warning of danger, but prompts to the communication of news of food. This is familiarly illustrated in the disinterested conduct of the cock, who, upon finding a store of food, immediately calls the members of his family to the feast. It is, perhaps, by a prostituted use of this instinct, that the decoy ducks seduce the unsuspecting flocks into the netted ponds in the fenny districts of Lincolnshire, communicating to them some prospect of food or shelter, which, when embraced, leads to capture and death.
In some cases, this affection for the species, while it is generally in exercise towards the tribe, is more especially directed towards a particular individual. In the human race, where this selection is termed friendship, the choice is influenced by similarity of pursuits or principles, sometimes by the habits of acquaintance. Among the lower animals, we frequently observe similar instances of the partialities of friendship, without being able to trace them with any certainty to their source.
In some cases, the social affection extends even beyond the individuals of the species to those of other species, whose organization and habits are widely different. Thus, man often forms a very strong attachment to the horse; and the dog, by habit, prefers our society to that of the individuals of his own kind*.
* The late Mr MONTAGU, in the Supplement to his Ornithological Dictionary, article "Grey Lag Goose," relates the following singular attachment which subsisted between a female China goose and a pointer, who had killed the male. "Ponto (for that was the dog's name) was most severely punished for the misdemeanour, and had the dead bird tied to his neck. The solitary goose became extremely distressed for the loss of her partner and only companion; and probably having been attracted to the dog's kennel by the sight of her dead mate, she seemed determined to persecute Ponto by her constant attendance and continual vociferations; and after a little time, a strict amnity and friendship subsisted between these incongruous animals; they fed out of the same trough,—lived under the same roof,—and in the same straw-bed kept each other warm; and when the dog was taken to the field, the inharmonious lamentations of the goose for the absence of her friend, were incessant."
Before leaving this branch of the subject, we may advert to a very remarkable perversion of this instinct, (if we may venture to call it so,) in the case of several social quadrupeds. If a deer is wounded by a shot, the herd will refuse to admit it again into their number, but will persecute to death the unfortunate individual. The same instinct is said to prevail with wild cattle and elephants. How different this treatment from that disinterested support of each other, which in all other cases prevails in the flock ?
As nearly connected with this active power which we are now considering, we may enumerate the feelings expressed by the terms gratitude and pity. In one case we feel thankful for the kind offices of others, and express our feelings by a disposition to make a similar return. In the other, we sympathise with the afflicted, and endeavour to remove their distress. These feelings are necessary, to prompt to those reciprocal acts of kindness and protection, which we witness to be performed by all animals possessed of the congregating instinct. They are displayed, in the first instance, to the individuals of their own species; and when there is a transference of affection to an individual of another kind, there is a corresponding change in the object of their gratitude and pity.
The benevolent affections have, for their object, the communication of pleasure or protection to others,—those which we are now to consider, are regarded as destined to excite to the commission of actions calculated to inflict pain. The very existence of such a class of principles may, with great propriety, be doubted
In regard to the malevolent affection termed anger or resentment, it is merely a display of the love of life; a desire which we have already considered. And as a proof of the truth of this opinion, we find, that it is usually regulated by the extent of the injury, and the consequent risks of life which it occasions. In like manner when we are united in social affection with our kind, indignation is excited when we see others injured; because, without being checked, the evil may extend to ourselves. The same determination to support our neighbours is evinced, when our attachment is fixed on individuals of other species, as a horse or a bird. It displays itself in the dog, who will resent a blow given to his master, with as much keenness as one inflicted on himself. The hatred which we observe subsisting between different species, uniformly arises from our appetites or desires. A cat will kill a shrew, but will not eat it. This, however, does not arise from any hatred to the shrew, but in having, from the hurry of capture, mistaken it for a mouse. Our other malevolent affections, as jealousy and envy, may be traced to the selfishness of our appetites and desires. The existence, indeed, of a set of principles in the constitution, whose sole object was to inflict pain, would be worse than useless in the economy of animals. Pain is, without doubt, necessarily inflicted, in the gratification of the appetites and desires of nearly all animals. But although pain or suffering be correlative with our instincts, there are none of these which appear to be exclusive-
ly appointed for its production. Besides, the malevolent affections, if they do exist, must be destined to inflict pain on the individual exercising them; since they are always accompanied with emotions in him who indulges them, equally unpleasant as those likely to be excited in the objects of his displeasure. Such a view of the principles which regulate animated nature, has never been warranted by observation, nor contemplated by reflection.
Before closing this account of the instinctive or active powers, it may be thought necessary that we should offer a few observations on the temperament of animals, or the relative facility with which the instinctive powers of individuals or species can be excited. On this subject, however, little precise information has been obtained. The temperaments are usually divided into four kinds, the sanguineous, excited readily, slightly and transiently; the choleric, excited readily, violently and transiently; the melancholic, excited slowly, but more permanently; and the phlegmatic, excited with difficulty. There are various modifications of these, which do not, however, merit a particular enumeration. The laws which regulate the temperaments of animals have never been developed; and the subject seems scarcely to admit of illustration. We observe such variety in the individuals of the same species, and even in the same individual at different times, as to baffle all attempts to generalise. Carnivorous animals are, in general, the most easily excited, and the most violent; piscivorous animals are less violent, while herbivorous animals, on the other hand, are possessed of gentler dispositions. But these remarks apply to particular instincts merely, and do not embrace all the active powers. Even the same individual differs with regard to particular instincts. How phlegmatic is the hen, in general, in her appetites and desires; but while rearing her young, how choleric? Even
in the case of herbivorous animals, there are very marked differences in the species of the same genus, as between the ox and the buffalo,—the horse and the zebra.
It is necessary, for the exercise of the various intellectual, but especially of the active powers, that animals should be able to make known to others, the impressions which they receive, or the propensities which they feel. In this kind of mutual communication, there are various ways in which the object is accomplished. The ear is subservient to the purpose in some cases, the eye, and even the touch, in others. The method of holding intercourse by means of sounds, being the most general, first merits our attention.
a. The communication of Feeling by means of Sounds addressed to the Ear.—Among animals which employ sounds as the medium of expressing their thoughts, those only possess what is termed a voice, which breathe by means of lungs. The voice is generated, by the air expelled from the lungs passing through the wind-pipe and mouth, and exciting those vibrations in these parts which produce sound. The variety of structure exhibited by the windpipe and mouth, on which the different conditions of the sounds depend, will afterwards come under our more particular examination. We are at present considering the voice as an auxiliary power of the mind. Regarded in this light, the sounds which are uttered in the communication of feeling, are either natural or acquired.
Every animal possessed of a voice, has the power of emitting those sounds which may be termed its Natural Language. These sounds, immediately after birth, are exclusively occupied in expressing the presence of pain, or the conditions of the instincts of food and temperature.
By degrees, they are directed to express the wants or the enjoyments of the other active powers. In all the individuals of a species, the same sounds are uttered in expressing the same feelings. But among individuals belonging to different species, the greatest diversity prevails in the sounds of their natural language, as may be observed in the dissimilar cries of the lamb, the foal, and the calf.
In many cases, this language appears exclusively to be a bond of union between the young animals and their parents, by which the former can express their wants, and guide the motions of the latter in supplying them. In proof of the truth of this remark, we need only observe, that this language of infancy is gradually neglected, as the protection of the parent ceases to be necessary; and other sounds are employed, in the independence of maturity, to express the same feelings, and others belonging to their new condition. Thus, the cries of ducklings, when under the guidance of their mother, are different from those which they utter when able to provide for themselves; and when roaming about in the corn-yard, or swimming on the pond. That these established sounds, are equally natural with those uttered in infancy, is demonstrated by this circumstance, that ducklings hatched under a hen, and brought up remote from any other individuals of their own species, utter the sounds common to their kind.
Some animals are destitute of any language at birth, and do not utter sounds until they have arrived at maturity. In those cases, which occur among oviparous animals, there is no connection between the parent and the offspring, the latter having no wants but those which its own instincts can supply. Sounds, therefore, or cries, would be uttered in vain. But in approaching maturity, when it is necessary that an interchange of feeling should take place with others of its kind, a language is provided suited to the occasion.
Thus, the frog, when in a tadpole state, is silent; nor does it ever utter its croakings, until it has reached maturity.
The sounds by which we express pain, are universally disagreeable to those of our own species; while those which indicate happiness are pleasing. There is even a corresponding sympathy excited by the sounds which the inferior animals utter, expressive of pleasure or pain.
The possession of this natural language is peculiar to those animals which live in society, either uniformly or occasionally. In the former case, the faculty of language is generally co-eval with life, while in the latter, it is only possessed during the period of the social union, and disappears when the temporary purposes for which it was necessary have been accomplished.
In this natural language, the vowel sounds are chiefly observable in the child, although the sounds of consonants, particularly K and R, may often be distinguished. Many of the sounds of the lower animals consist of monosyllables, as those of the lamb, while those of the cuckoo or partridge consist of two syllables, and even three may be perceived in the mournful cry of the kitteewake, when disturbed during the breeding season.
In Man, the natural language consists in weeping and sometimes laughing, and to these are added, in after life, other sounds which express anger, joy, or pain. These actions are not confined to a particular tribe, but are common to the race, and universally understood.
In the examination of acquired language, we are frequently at a loss to draw the line of distinction between the sounds of nature and those of imitation. Before we can judge with certainty on the subject, we must take the particular animals whose language we are examining under our care, in order to become acquainted with their natural sounds, and the education of which they are susceptible. It is necessary, likewise, that we attend to
the conditions requisite for receiving this kind of education. It is obvious, that there is required a peculiar organization, in order, not merely to utter the natural sounds, but to modify in tone, intensity, and expression, the sounds which can be produced, so as to resemble the notes which are to be acquired. This capability of the organs to modify themselves to acquire particular sounds to any extent, only lasts during the period of youth. Afterwards, the muscles of the voice are not so obedient to the will, and it becomes difficult to learn to pronounce readily, sounds to which we have not been previously accustomed. To this cause may be referred the extreme difficulty of ceasing to use the accent of one's native tongue, and of acquiring that of a foreign language. There is, however, a second condition, on which this susceptibility of acquiring language greatly depends, namely, quickness of hearing. In order to learn to imitate sounds, it is necessary that we be able to discriminate their qualities accurately, to know what we are to imitate, and determine on our degree of success. A delicate ear, therefore, is essentially requisite, and as it chiefly exists in early life, when the organ of hearing is in the soundest state, we may discover one reason, at least, why the young learn to pronounce new sounds more readily than the old. But, even with the existence of organs capable of articulating an acquired language, and a delicate ear to discriminate sounds, there is required the desire of imitation to induce us to exert these organs in producing a resemblance to the sounds we hear. It often happens, particularly among birds, that the power of imitation is scarcely exerted in any other manner.
By attending to the conditions requisite to acquire language, we perceive the reason why persons born deaf are at the same time dumb. They do utter, indeed, the sounds of natural language, expressive of their feelings, but as
they do not hear the sounds which others utter, they have consequently no guide to their power of imitation. By operating upon their natural cries, and by the help of signs, they may be taught to speak, but their voice is unequal and harsh. It is equally possible to be able to distinguish sounds, and, to a limited extent, the things which they are intended to represent, without possessing the capability of voice necessary for imitating them. This is conspicuously the case in the dog and horse, which understand the language of command, encouragement, and approbation, and yet are incapable of producing any analogous sounds. The parrot, mock-bird, and many others, can learn to imitate many kinds of sound, without comprehending the things of which they are the signs. By much trouble, however, they may be made to perceive the connection, and even to avail themselves of their knowledge, to express their wants or desires. It is necessary, however, to state this important limitation, that these sounds communicate information to man alone, their instructor, and do not constitute any channel of communication between individuals of their own species.
The most obviously acquired sounds in the inferior animals, may be observed in the Singing of Birds. If a young linnet, for example, be taken from the nest, and brought up in the company of the nightingale or lark, instead of learning to utter the musical notes of its own species, it imitates the song of that bird which it has been accustomed to hear, more or less perfectly, according to the state of its organs. In this mode of educating singing birds, there is frequently displayed a power of selection on the part of the young scholar. "I educated, (says the Honourable DAINES BARRINGTON*,) a nestling robin under
a wood-lark linnet, (a linnet with the song of the wood-lark,) which was full in song, and hung very near to him for a month together; after which, the robin was removed to another house, where he could only hear a sky-lark linnet. The consequence was, that the nestling did not sing a note of woodlark, (though I afterwards hung him again just above the wood-lark linnet,) but adhered entirely to the song of the sky-lark linnet."
If birds thus acquire so easily, in a state of confinement, the song of others, how comes it to pass that, in a wild slate, each individual acquires only the notes of its own species ? Even in a state of confinement, young birds imitate the notes of those of their own species more readily than those of any other bird. The same observer, to whom we have already alluded, says, "Young Canary birds are frequently reared in a room where there are many other sorts; and yet I have been informed that they only learn the song of the parent cock." Even in a wild state, although the twite and linnet fly in company, "yet these two species of birds never learn each other's notes." The same may be said of many other birds which live in the same place, and nestle in the same hedge. These circumstances probably arise from the structure of the organs of each species enabling them more easily to produce the notes of their own species than those of any other, and from the notes of their own species being more agreeable to their ears. These conditions, joined to the facility of hearing the song of their own species, in consequence of frequenting the same places, determine the character of the acquired language of the feathered tribes. We are even disposed to conclude, that an individual untutored, and without an example to imitate, would, if associated with a mate in the breeding season, acquire, by its own efforts, notes nearly similar to those of its parent. This is, indeed, partly proven by the song of solitary birds, in certain cases,
which often approaches the natural, and the presumption is strengthened by the circumstance, that the first attempts at song, termed recording, are merely repetitions of the natural cry of the bird.
There is another feature in the song of birds which merits observation. They sing chiefly during the season of love, and in confinement, when in full health. Hence we may regard this language as connected with appetite and expressive of enjoyment or pleasure.
All the individuals of a species acquire the same song in whatever country they have been hatched. Slight differences have indeed been observed; and hence, as we are informed by BARRINGTON, the London bird-catchers prefer the song of the Kentish gold-finches, but Essex chaffinches, and the nightingale fanciers, a Surrey bird to those of Middlesex. These variations may be expected according to the constitution of individuals, affected by the food and temperature of the places in which they have been reared. They are, however, confined to narrow bounds, and require a very delicate and experienced observer to detect their existence.
We have thought it expedient to offer these observations on the acquired language of birds, in order to enable us to form a more correct idea of the language of Man. In treating of this branch of the subject, we shall confine ourselves to what may be termed the natural characters of human speech, leaving the details of its artificial arrangement to the rhetorician and grammarian.
Independent of the natural cries by which, in infancy, we express our wants, we hear sounds uttered by the individuals of our species around us, which we are disposed to imitate, and soon find ourselves equal to the task. These words or sounds we soon perceive to be the names employed to designate particular objects; we learn to use them for
the same purpose; and are encouraged in the attempt, by the facility with which we can thus express to others the ideas which external objects have excited in our own minds. By attending to the words themselves by which objects are distinguished, we perceive manifest differences in the nature of the sounds, and in the manner of producing them. We annex to these differences particular names, and employ particular symbols addressed to the eye to distinguish them, and thus form what is termed an Alphabet. The letters are divided, by grammarians, into vowels and consonants. This arrangement is likewise suited to the physiologist.
In uttering the vowel sounds, the mouth is open, and the differences are produced by the position of the tongue, and the form which we give to the opening by the lips. The consonants, on the other hand, are formed by the almost total interruption of the expelled air, for a time, by the tongue, lips, palate, or teeth. The labial consonants, (of the English language,) are formed by the contact of the lips, as in M, B, P. The sound of W is intermediate between that of a vowel and consonant, as the lips are never so completely closed as in the latter, nor so distant as in the former. The dentolabial are produced by the union or separation of the upper front teeth with the under lip, as F, V. The palatine consonants are formed by the application of the tongue to the palate, as H, L, N, R, S, X, or as C, D, G, I, T, Z, together with K and Q.
By means of these various sounds, either separately or variously combined, man is able to form symbols by which to designate the objects of nature and their conditions, and to reveal the secret workings of his soul. But in this power of communicating his thoughts, he is limited to the family or tribe in which he has been reared, and whose arbitrary sounds he has learned to imitate and comprehend. Beyond
the limits of their territory, the voice of strangers would be unintelligible, and his own sounds unmeaning. The acquired language of man therefore differs, in this respect, from the natural sounds of the inferior animals. In each species, unless controlled by human agency, all the individuals acquire the same notes, and utter the same sounds. But the acquired language of man differs with the country in which he lives, and even in the same country it is ever varying. To what causes are we to refer these differences and changes in human speech?
It is generally supposed, that the volume of Inspiration gives a solution to the question, in the history given by Moses, of the confusion of tongues, in the eleventh chapter of Genesis. But amidst some variety of interpretation of which the passage is susceptible, there is reason to conclude, that the building of Babel was the undertaking of the descendants of Ham only, and that the confusion of languages which there took place, was by the special interposition of Heaven, for the purpose of frustrating the ambitious schemes of Nimrod and his followers, and of preventing them from congregating in excessive numbers in the plains of Shinar, Before attempting to enumerate those circumstances which have operated in producing the great diversity of speech among the different nations of the earth, it may be necessary to state, that the sounds expressed by the consonants, are more permanent than those indicated by the vowels. We perceive more clearly the mechanical action requisite in the production of the former, while the changes on which the different sounds of the latter depend, are too minute for our comprehension, and their effects frequently too obscure to be properly appreciated by the ear. Hence there is frequently, even in the same country, a substitution of these vowel sounds. The sounds of the consonants being more definite and a substitution of one of these for another does not so frequently take place. When these
two kinds of letters are conjoined to form a word, the same changeableness of character in the vowels may likewise be perceived. But in attending to the language of different nations, more remarkable differences than these to which we have now alluded appear to exist. We may detect the same sound of vowels and consonants, but these sounds are the symbols of other objects, and express different ideas. What, then, are those causes which operate in the production of such diversity of speech in the same species ? The following sources of change appear to include all the circumstances which exercise any remarkable influence,—the structure of the organs,—the variety of situation, and the progress of civilization.
When we consider the complicated structure of those organs destined to produce voice, the varied movements they execute in articulating the different sounds, added to the influence exercised by age, sex, constitution and habit on the various muscles, we may perhaps be disposed to conclude, that we have discovered causes adequate to account for all the phenomena. It cannot indeed be denied, that these circumstances operate in the production of that peculiar mode of speaking, by which an individual may be distinguished from all his acquaintance. It may even be granted, that the sounds produced by one individual, and which were at first specific, may, by being imitated by the young, become general in the district. Differences may therefore arise in the manner of pronouncing the vowels, and perhaps one or two of the consonants, in the mode of accenting the syllables, and in the tone and energy of expression. A difference of organization, therefore, may account for the existence of provincial sounds or dialects, but it offers no explanation of the fact, that the same syllables among different tribes do not express the same ideas nor appear in words in the same relative position. But as a proof that other causes operate
much more powerfully in the production of different languages, than varieties in the structure of the organs employed, or rather that organical differences exercise but feeble influence, we may state, that our capability of learning to speak a strange language, does not depend on any peculiar provincial or national structure of the organs, originating in a peculiar state of the larynx, and strengthened by the custom and habits of generations. There is not one organical conformation qualifying one to speak German, another to speak French, and a third to speak English. The organs of these nations are the same, and their capabilities the same. There is no predisposition to speak one language more than another. Hence, although we admit the complicated nature of the vocal organs, and the constitutional differences which they exhibit, we perceive that these offer no obstacle to the acquisition of any language, since, in the words of one of the most celebrated anatomists of the age, who nevertheless is disposed to refer the variety of languages chiefly to circumstances connected with the vocal organs, "all children acquire the tones, accents, and articulations of those countries in which they are educated; an evident proof, that, prior to the formation of habits, the vocal muscles may be brought to act in any one of the numerous millions of combinations that have ever been adopted by any tribe, family, or nation of the human race, and be made to acquire the habit of pronouncing, with readiness and ease, any one of the almost infinite variety of languages that have been, that are, or that ever shall be on the face of the globe *." Since, then, the condition of the organs exercises but a feeble influence in the
If we suppose a family or tribe dwelling in a district of small dimensions, we can easily imagine, that the same signs would be employed by all. Every one would be familiar with the same natural objects, and be engaged in the performance of the same actions. A sign therefore once adopted and understood, would continue to be employed; and as new objects would seldom present themselves of sufficient importance to call for a new sign, those few which circumstances might render necessary, would speedily be made known to all. But if we suppose a separation to take place, and a branch of this tribe induced to emigrate to a new district, What effect would this change of place produce upon their language ? New objects would present themselves, requiring new signs by which to express them; new movements would be exhibited by these objects, and new operations performed upon them, all giving rise to new sounds or signs. In the mean time, the old objects, no longer recurring, would be forgotten, and the signs by which they were expressed, either neglected or annexed to new objects, with which they might be but obscurely connected. In this manner, in the course of a few years, the emigrants would have added many words to their language, expressive of objects, qualities, and actions, unknown to the tribe from which they had separated, and a generation would scarcely have elapsed, before the two tribes spoke different languages, and the sound of the one had become strange to the other. If we conceive a tribe living in a mountainous district, and familiar with glens and precipices, and cataracts, to descend into the plains, how many of their signs would cease to be employed, and how many new ones would be requisite to express the character of the rivers and their inundations, the meadows and pools? If
they journey onward to the sea shore, the ebbing and flowing of the water, the waves and their murmurings and roarings, would attract notice and receive particular designations. In each district, therefore, there will be a particular language, expressive of the objects which are peculiar to it, and of their relation to the wants of its inhabitants. We have likewise to bear in mind, that every country furnishes man with a supply of animals and vegetables which are, in a great measure, peculiar to itself,—peculiar modes of collecting and storing fruit or grain must, therefore, be resorted to,—a peculiar mode of hunting and fishing practised,—a peculiar mode of clothing and shelter adopted, all giving rise to new names, expressive of objects, qualities and actions. In the construction of these new words, it is obvious, that, in this stage of society, there are no rules but the caprice of individuals, influenced by the sounds of nature and the resemblance which may be traced between the old and new objects. There is always an aversion to the formation of new sounds; and this aversion has given rise to attempts at generalization, or the introduction of genera and species. By degrees, however, the terms in which they are expressed, coalesce, and the resulting sound, modified by the ear, loses its compound nature, and passes as the simple sign of a particular object.
According to this view of the matter, were two families, of the same speech, to settle in different countries, they would soon assume different languages, although the original connection might be traced in some of those words which express objects occurring every where, or actions which all are compelled to perform.
These circumstances, connected with situation, account for the existence of different tongues prevailing among the inhabitants of different regions; but they offer no explanation of the fact which we have admitted, that even among
the same people, the language is perpetually undergoing change. We must, however, place some restriction upon the admission. Among an uncivilised people, new objects, new wants, new employments, seldom arise, so that the necessity of adding to the number of established terms, or enlarging or fixing their meaning, seldom occurs. Hence we may expect the language of a barbarous people to continue stationary, or to alter merely with the progress of improvements. Is it civilization, therefore, that we must look to for those circumstances, by which words are fabricated and language altered.
When man, instead of resting satisfied with the fruits which the earth spontaneously furnishes, or with the beasts of chase, begins to cultivate the fields, to domesticate animals, and to rear them, to build houses, and to engage in trade, he is compelled to invent a host of names to designate his new possessions, and the means by which he has acquired them. With the progress of the arts, therefore, there will be a corresponding enlargement of the number of signs, by which the objects produced, and the instruments used, may be known. When the acquisition of wealth has given to man an opportunity to rest from bodily labour, and occupy his thoughts in reflection; when he begins to examine the laws of nature, and the constitution of his body and mind, he acquires new ideas, adopts new modes of action, creates to himself new scenes, and thus calls for an addition to the signs already in use, to enable him to express the variety of knowledge which he has obtained. In proportion as the number of those who cultivate the arts and sciences increases, so will the words of language multiply, until different terms shall be employed to express even the same object or action. If we suppose each particular tribe thus proceeding on the march of improvement, each inventing new terms, influenced by all the localities of their condition, we shall arrive at the
conclusion, that their language, though originally derived from the same stock, will lose the resemblance, as those who use it recede from barbarism; and after the arts of life have been introduced and science cultivated, we shall find scarcely the remnants of a common origin.
If these remarks are founded in truth, we may expect to find the language of a country exhibiting peculiar features, marking the different stages of the civilization of its inhabitants. In the ruder periods of society, the sounds which are employed will be scanty, like the ideas they are intended to represent. Those objects only will receive names which are immediately subservent to the purposes of existence; the words expressive of action will indicate only sudden transitions; and, in addition to their literal import, the various terms will be employed in a figurative sense, to mark the conditions of an event which the language is yet unable to describe. Again, in the more advanced periods of society, we may expect to find the signs by which natural objects are designated, extended in consequence of enlarged knowledge of their number and qualities. The words expressive of action will not only be more numerous, but capable of marking all its conditions with a greater degree of precision. The increase of the signs indicative of the arts of life, government, and social pleasure, will denote the march of the tribe to the attainment of knowledge, wealth, and power. Deficiency of expression, therefore, will mark the infant state of society, and copiousness, the advances of civilization. That the progress of language actually exhibits such a gradation of character, does not appear in this place to require demonstration.
In a civilized country, language is exposed to the influence of many subordinate causes of change. It has already been stated, that the number of individuals engaging in the improvement of the same arts, in the enlargement of the
same sciences, and conducting their plans and making known their successes, each in his own city or village, will necessarily enlarge the number of new terms, and even create that ambiguity occasioned by dissimilar sounds being used in synonimous expression. Fashion alone, in these cases, assigns the preference to that of one individual rather than to another, guided by circumstances which follow no law. Again, inventions and discoveries demand new names to express the new combinations, objects, qualities, or actions to which they refer. These new names are speedily employed in a figurative as well as a literal sense, and, by degrees, assume the station which others had formerly occupied.
There is added to all these, another powerful excitement to change. When distinction of rank begins to prevail, there is an attempt to mark the limits by a distinction of sounds. The great avoid the use of many expressions, because indicative of vulgarity—the common people, on the other hand, strive to imitate the language of their superiors, considering it as genteel. There is thus a constant change induced in the language of a country, by the attempts at novelty on the part of nobles, the eager imitation of the lower ranks, and the departure of both from the ordinary practice.
These seeds of change, then, are coeval with our race, and must always continue to spring up and flourish where-ever new objects or new actions present themselves to man. All the expectations, therefore, of rendering a language stationary, by enumerating the terms of its vocabulary, or establishing standards for their pronunciation, are vain, and founded in ignorance of its origin and its relation to the wants of man. In spite of all the labours of the lexicographer, all the rules of the grammarian, or the combined influence of writers of taste, the language which we now use, will, in the course of a few generations, become anti-
quated, and our phraseology obsolete; even our present arts will be considered rude, and our science infantile *.
The sounds which are addressed to the ear for the purpose of communicating thought, are not exclusively produced by the organs of respiration. Thus, when a rabbit perceives danger, and wishes to give warning to others, it does not utter a sound; but, beating the earth with its feet, produces a noise, whose meaning its neighbours find no difficulty to comprehend. In the insect well known by the name of the Death-watch (Anobium), a sound is produced by striking its mandibles upon wood, and a similar sound is produced in return by another individual when within hearing. In many other insects, the noise is produced by the friction of the wings against each other, the air, or the abdomen. In the Death's-head Hawk-moth (Sphinx atropos), REAUMUR found that the noise which it emits when confined, proceeds from the mouth, and is produced by the friction of the palpi against the tongue. In the Tettigoniæ, on the other hand, there is an organ seated in the abdomen, and opening on its under surface, containing cells, elastic plates, and muscles, by whose motions, sounds, loud and disagreeable, are produced †. In all these instances, the sounds are expressive of feelings, and are intelligible
* Dr BARCLAY, in reference to this subject, states the truth with painful plainness: "Writers of taste, who value themselves on the beauty and elegance of their diction, must often reflect with painful apprehension, on the instability and transient nature of the perishing sounds with which their literary fame is connected," p. 62. Again, "It seems to be owing to the constant operations of such causes, whose influence can neither be checked nor prevented, that no accident ever has occurred, no art ever been discovered, to preserve the stability of vocal language, to call on the forebodings of literary geniuses, and remove the apprehensions, that their laboured eloquence, in a few centuries, must require an interpreter, and the beauties of their diction pass unnoticed without a commentator." Ib. p. 83.
to those to whom they are addressed, although, in the case of insects, the organs which receive the impression have hitherto eluded the researches of the anatomist.
b. On the mutual communication of Feeling, by means of Signs addressed to the Eye.—In attending to such signs, it is convenient to divide them into Natural, and Artificial, or Acquired.
The natural signs are common to many animals, and exhibit constant and uniform characters in the individuals of each species. They have obtained the name of gestures, as they require for their expression the movement of certain parts of the body.
The gestures by which man expresses his feelings, are executed by the face and hands. By the former, he indicates the state of his heart, in a manner perfectly intelligible to all his race, expressing, by the position of his lips, and motion of his eyes and eye-brows, fear, anger, joy, grief or pain. Each sense has an expression peculiar to itself, intimating, whether the sensations which it experiences are pleasant or disagreeable. The hands are chiefly employed in expressing the conditions of distance or place. These different signs, in man, are carefully studied by actors of pantomime; and it is astonishing with what distinctness they are able, by a judicious use of them, to express a great variety of feeling and passion.
In the lower animals, the gestures are not so much confined to the countenance as in man. In the dog, however, we can read in the face, chiefly from the position and motion of the eye-brows, whether he is pleased or offended. The expression of the former feeling is accompanied by a motion of the tail from side to side. The bull expresses his displeasure, by bending his head to the ground, and throwing up earth with his forefeet and horns. The horse testifies surprise or anger by pointing his ears forwards or back-
wards. It would, however, be a hopeless task, to enumerate the endless variety of gesture employed by other quadrupeds and by birds, since each species uses gestures which are peculiar to itself, and suited to the organs with which it is furnished. The practical naturalist, indeed, studies these with care, as constituting one of the most delightful employments of his science.
In using these gestures, animals, in general, employ sounds at the same time. If a crow is alarmed, and wishes to communicate its fears to the flock, it not only assumes a particular flight, but utters a cry which renders its feelings intelligible, not only to those of its own kind, but even to other birds and to quadrupeds. It may often be observed that ducks in a pond, upon a particular motion of diving being performed as a signal, and a cry uttered by one, begin to dive and swim about in the water as if urged by one common impulse, and execute the most complicated and rapid evolutions in all the apparent giddiness of joy. But the motions of the flocks of Purrs (Tringa alpina), indicate a still more perfect system of signals. When flying, they keep their backs for a time all in one direction; and as suddenly, by a change of position, exhibit their bellies to the spectator. The change of position is very obvious, as their dusky backs, when directed to the observer, exhibit the flock as a dark cloud, which is changed to white, by the exhibition of the light-coloured feathers of the under side. Linnets, and several congregating birds, act in a similar manner.
I have said, that man comprehends the natural expressions of the lower animals, and even hinted that they in part understand the gestures of one another. The dog and cat, however, are, perhaps, the only animals which can discern in the face of their master, the expressions of approbation or displeasure; and, by their behaviour, testify that they feel their influence.
There is one signal addressed to the eye, apparently employed by many to express certain feelings; but with whose characters we are imperfectly acquainted. I here allude to luminousness or phosphorescence. It has been observed of the common glow-worm, that the females, which possess this luminous power in a much greater degree than the males, are destitute of wings; and, therefore, incapable of flying about in search of a mate; but that during the season of love, when the light is emitted in greatest brilliancy, she is able to guide her vagrant lover to her presence. By some it has been supposed, that this luminous property is destined to direct the animals possessed of it, with greater certainty to their prey. But it is obvious that it would warn the objects of their pursuit, if animated, of their approach, and facilitate, the efforts of their foes to discover their retreat.
We come now to consider the artificial or acquired signs addressed to the eye. This method of holding intercourse between the individuals of a species, appears to be peculiar to the human race, and to be the instrument by which man can gain possession of the information of past generations, and be able to record the transactions of the present time, for the benefit of future ages.
If we consider a person in a barbarous state of society, anxious to communicate intelligence to his tribe, respecting an animal which he had observed in the woods, unlike to any in size and shape which he had ever seen, we are not aware of any other means which he could employ to accomplish his object, but to draw its figure upon the sand, or scratch its outline upon the rock. This figure being difficult or tedious to execute, would be abridged in the course of frequent repetition, until it became a symbol merely, instead of a picture, to represent the animal in question. If a particular name was bestowed upon the animal, then the
symbol would either represent the animal itself, or the particular sound by which it was designated. With the same facility with which sounds could be united, symbols could likewise be combined; so that in the same picture might be represented a variety of objects or actions. Such appears to be the origin and structure of much of the written language of China and Japan at the present day.
When the ear began to discriminate the different kinds of sounds used in speech, it would not be a difficult operation to devise symbols to express the elementary parts, so that words could be formed by symbols with as much facility as by sounds. The obvious utility of these symbols, in communicating intelligence to the absent, would recommend their general adoption. But it is obvious, that, in the invention of letters, each tribe would devise symbols peculiar to itself; so that a great dissimilarity of form would prevail among the different alphabets. Even some of the circumstances which operated in the introduction of change into speech, would likewise operate in varying the form and import of letters. But, while the principle of change in the former still continues to exercise its influence, in the latter it has been effectually overcome, by the mechanical arts of engraving and printing. But, even with all the advantages of artificial sounds and signs, we feel disposed, when deeply interested in communicating the knowledge of an event to others, to use the language and the gestures of nature; and, by the movement of our body, to draw as it were, a picture of that which description is inadequate to represent. —To prosecute this subject farther, would obviously be foreign to the purpose of the present work.
c.On the mutual commumcation of Feeling, by means of Signs addressed to the Touch.—The more perfect animals employ the sense of touch in a very limited degree, in the communication of their feelings. But among insects it
appears to be very generally used. The antennæ perform the office; and in the manner in which they are applied to the antennæ of another insect, and the motions which are executed by them, these organs are capable of communicating the state of feeling with great precision. When a queen bee, for instance, is removed from a hive, those bees which first perceive the loss, when they meet with others, mutually cross their antennæ and strike them lightly. The anxiety and disturbed state of those that have received the blow, indicate plainly the nature of the intelligence which has been communicated. It is probable, that molluscous animals, furnished with tentacula, employ, in like manner, these organs in the communication of their feelings.
We might here take notice of the mutual eonrmunication of feeling, by means of smell, were the facts which are known, in connection with the subject, sufficient to illustrate this department of the animal economy. It is, however, well known, that, at the particular season when the procreative appetite is in exercise, smells are emitted which enable the sexes to discover each other. The emission of these effluvia cease with the season of love.
However various these different means employed by animals to communicate their feelings appear to be, it is generally believed, that man alone possesses the power of expressing distinctly past events to others. The lower animals are almost exclusively occupied with their present impressions; and their language appears suited only to express these. I have said almost, because there is evidence of the power possessed by various animals, of communicating intelligence to others of a supply of food which has been discovered, and of guiding them to the spot. But still this is in a great measure the business of the present time. Man, on the other hand, by means of his acquired language, can express the feelings which, on any former period, he has experienced; and, by means of artificial
signs, he can convey the expression of these feelings even to those who are at a distance. Although in possession of these peculiar powers, he can still use the language and the gestures of nature.
5.On Restraint.—When treating of the characters by which the intellectual principles are distinguished, we took notice of the faculty of Attention, by whose assistance we can withdraw our various powers of perception and reflection from the contemplation of one object or idea, and fix them on the examination of others. When, from the notions which we have acquired from experience or reflection, we are disposed to action, there is another term employed to designate that principle, by which the kind of action, and the manner of performing it, are determined. This principle, which is identical with attention, is termed the Will; and the liberty which it exercises in the choice, is denominated Free Agency.
There are some who deny the existence of a liberty of selection, and affirm that all the actions which we perform "are the necessary result of the constitutions of our minds, operated on by the circumstances of our external situation." If the existence and influence of the faculty of attention, such as we have described them, be admitted, and we can appeal to the experience of all, for proof of the truth of our statements on the subject, the doctrine of free agency must likewise be embraced: For, granting even to the Necessitarian, the necessity of the action, upon the combination of the particular circumstances which constitute the motive, we have still the choice of creating these circumstances. We have the power of directing the eye or the ear to receive particular impressions; we have the power of giving to any particular perception its suitable degree of force to act as a motive, by the progress of reflection; and all this by the aid of a faculty, the existence of which
we presume none will deny. According to this view of the subject, we can account for the great diversity of action among individuals, placed in similar external circumstances. The external impressions may be the same; but these, being subjected to different treatment during the process of reflection, by minds whose notions of truth or duty, (acquired under the influence of attention,) are not in unison, the resulting motives and consequent actions will be dissimilar We urge, likewise, in support of this view of the subject, the pleasure which the mind feels upon acting agreeably to its rules of truth or duty, and the pain which accompanies their violation;—the former being the proof that the action was agreeable to the constitution of our minds; the latter, that it was repugnant. Yet such transgressions with regard to our intellectual rules, are but too frequent; while similar violations of the rules of our constitution, in the case of sleeping, eating, or any of our instinctive powers, are seldom observed. Is there a difference in the degree of restraint which we can exercise over the instinctive, when compared with the intellectual powers ?
It appears probable, that, in reasoning upon this subject, moral philosophers have seldom drawn a line of distinction between the exercise of the will, when directed to the intellectual, and when directed to the instinctive powers. The supporters of the doctrine of Free Agency usually derive all their arguments from the characters of the former, while the Necessitarians rest their proofs on the powerful influence of the latter. It is to a want of attention to the bearings of the question, joined to the sophistry of words, that we can trace much of that difference of opinion which prevails on this subject.
From the preceding observations, the reader may perceive, that while we contend for the existence of free agency in all the processes about which our intellectual faculties are employed, we are disposed to admit that its influence
over our instinctive propensities is feeble and circumscribed. In the intellectual process, there is interposed between the impression (whether external or internal) and the action, a certain degree of deliberation or reflection, after which our free agency exercises its controul. In the case of our instinctive powers, action follows the impression almost instantaneously; so that there is no time to deliberate,—no opportunity to choose. This is the natural condition of our instinctive powers. But, by the force of habit, the influence of example, and the regulations of civilized life, we acquire the power of interposing between the impression and the action, a greater or less degree of deliberation, in consequence of which we have an opportunity of exercising restraint, and of regulating or preventing the action, which the impression, without such controul, would have produced. Frequently, however, the original tendency of the impression triumphs, or gives such a bias to our decision, that it appears rather a necessary result of the original impression, than a choice founded on deliberation. Still, however, there is something confined and unnatural in such interference of the reasoning powers with our instincts; so that we are ever in danger of breaking through the rules which they impose, whether in regard to our appetites, desires, or affections. An appeal to experience, for the justness of this remark, will not here be made in vain ! Its truth is likewise established by the conduct of those who, while they prescribe excellent rules for the regulation of life, paint, in the most vivid colours, the dignity of virtue, and the meanness of vice, continue enslaved by their passions, sensual, avaricious, and implacable. The former part of their conduct is an intellectual process, in the performance of which, they meet with no resistance;—in action, they have to contend "with the law in their members waring against the law of their mind."
The acquisition of this restraint over the instinctive powers,—this victory over self, is the most difficult, but the most valuable of all our conquests. It is the ultimate object of a rational and an immortal being.
An eloquent writer, whose authority in the science of mind is deservedly respected, but who appears but imperfectly acquainted with the principles of action in the lower animals, has given it as his opinion, that the reason of man, in reference to his active powers, renders his nature and condition essentially different from that of brutes; and adds, "They are incapable of looking forward to consequences, or of comparing together the different gratifications of which they are susceptible; and, accordingly, as far as we are able to perceive, they yield to every present impulse. But man is able to take a comprehensive survey of his various principles of action, and to form a plan of conduct for the attainment of his favourite objects. Every such plan implies a power of refusing occasionally, to particular active principles, the gratification which they demand *." The merits of this distinction between man and the lower animals will best appear, by comparing both as placed in nearly similar circumstances. The cultivation of the power of restraining the instinctive or active principles, does not appear to be necessaay in order to form the character of a savage. He has appetites, desires, and affections whose gratification is necessary to his welfare, and few opportunities occur where indulgence to excess is either practicable or desirable. It is only in the progress of civilization, when property has been acquired, and personal rights recognized, that man feels the necessity of imposing upon himself laws or restraints upon his active principles. It is difficult to find an opportunity of examining man in a very low state of intellectual improvement. The intercourse of Europeans has
chiefly been with nations who have in part emerged from barbarism. In order to observe the power of restraint which they are capable of exercising over their propensities, we must retire to a factory established on the confines of a hunting tribe. There we shall find the appetite for spirits and tobacco, or the desire for ornament or dress, overcome every dictate of prudence or experience. A few glasses of brandy will often purchase the whole produce of a summer's labour.
Even in a civilized state, this ability to control the active powers, if it really exists to the extent here supposed, is never exerted by all the individuals of society, nor by any one individual over all his propensities. Neither rank nor learning, youth nor age, can plead exemption from the charge. The reason of this, according to our view of the matter, is obvious. The power of controlling the intellectual powers is natural; of regulating our active powers, acquired. In the acquisition, so many difficulties present themselves, so many privations must be endured, so much energy of mind must be exerted, that we need not be surprised that the object is not generally sought after, and only gained by few. Indeed, mere worldly considerations hold out no suitable motives for encouraging us to gain the victory over all our instincts. It is enough if we restrain them from being externally inconvenient to others. Christianity alone furnishes us with sufficient motives, and urges us to subdue every lust.
We have thus endeavoured to mark the difference of free agency, as exerted upon our intellectual and active powers; and we are now prepared to examine how far, in reference to the brutes, their nature and condition are essentially different from our own. Do they always yield to every impulse ? And are they incapable of acquiring the power of occasionally restraining their propensities ?
vage state, stand in no need of restraining, to any great extent, their instinctive powers, indulgence being necessary for their own comfort, and the safety of the race. In the case, however, of social animals, (including man), where every individual contributes to the welfare of the group, it is obvious, that, in many cases, some degree of self-denial must be practised, and a self-denial, which, so far as we are able to judge, is not instinctive, but acquired or voluntary. In illustration of this opinion, we may quote the case of congregating animals, who, while feeding, have a sentinel to give them warning of danger, as apes and geese. The sentinel, in this case, may look forward to be released from duty; but, in the mean time, he must feel the cravings of an empty stomach, and witness his acquaintances enjoying their repast. In all this he yields not to present impulses, but restrains his appetite for food, in order to comply with the arrangements of the social affection. In the case of animals which have escaped from a snare, and which refuse to be again enticed, there is a still more decided example of self-denial. The bait still allures; but the temptation is overcome through the sense of danger.
As it is in man, when civilized, that we meet with the most unequivocal proofs of controul exercised over the instinctive powers, so, among domesticated animals, we may expect to find its existence most distinctly exhibited. We have seen a dog enter a larder, even when hungry, and smell at the cold meat and bread, without presuming to touch them. That he had an inclination to eat, could not be doubted; but he had acquired the power of controlling it. The same animal exhibits, in many cases, great sagacity in the exercise of his controul over his feelings. Thus, if you conduct an experienced spaniel to a place from whence he has seen a covey of patridges spring, he will pass on, indifferent to the scent which they have left behind them; but, if he did not observe their flight, his actions are widely different;—"He
treads with caution, and he points with fear." But it is needless to multiply examples: for all our domesticated animals exhibit the power of restraining their instincts; and the extent of this power is in the ratio of their obedience. We shall not here inquire into the motives which regulate the obedience, knowing that the moralist is aware that compliance with the laws of society, in regard to man, is often disagreeable, and even forced.
" There is another" (says the same philosopher*) "and very important respect, in which the nature of man differs from that of the brutes. He is able to avail himself of his past experience, in avoiding those enjoyments which he knows will be succeeded by suffering; and in submitting to lesser evils, which he knows are to be instrumental in procuring him a greater accession of good. He is able, in a word, to form the general notion of happiness, and to deliberate about the most effectual means of attaining it." We are compelled, however reluctantly, again to differ from this celebrated moralist, and to advance the opinion that the brutes do control their instinctive powers under the guidance of experience; avoid enjoyments which are succeeded by sufferings; and submit to lesser evils, to avoid greater ones. We by no means venture to state, that the lower animals are always so prudent, and we presume that none will contend for the universality of such discretion in the human species. But that they are guided in their attempts to avoid evils and secure happiness, by the experience of the past, cannot admit of a doubt. A horse will submit to the lesser evil of mending his pace, rather than to the greater evil of being spurred. Dogs
will often submit to the evil of continuing for a time in a constrained position, with a piece of bread upon their nose, until the signal for taking it be given, and exhibit unequivocal symptoms of satisfaction at obtaining happiness at so easy a rate. A goldfinch in confinement, will submit to the evil of drawing up a small bucket by its chain, for the sake of the enjoyment of a draught of the water which it contains. Those who are conversant with the history of animals, must be acquainted with many other proofs of a similar kind.
In the course of the preceding remarks on the phenomena of Mind, we have frequently had occasion to take notice of the force of HABIT, or the effects of custom, upon our functions. When external circumstances continue, for any length of time, to operate upon our feelings, in a particular manner, our attention is directed towards them, in order to accommodate ourselves to their influence. In many cases, where they are disagreeable at first, they afterwards become inoffensive and ultimately objects of desire. This is equally descriptive of our intellectual and active powers. The facility with which we yield to circumstances, differs greatly in different individuals, and appears to depend upon constitutional organization. Even in the same individual, habits are more easily acquired in youth than in old age. Man acquires habits, or conforms himself to a variety of circumstances, with greater facility than any of the inferior animals. He lives in all climates; subsists on all sorts of food; and performs all kinds of labour. Many of the lower animals acquire habits with considerable facility; and these we have inlisted into our service. They almost exclusively belong to those which are united in groups, by the social affection, as the ox, horse, and dog. Solitary animals, as the cat, are reclaimed with greater difficulty, and the education of which they are susceptible is much
circumscribed. The social animals, on the other hand, easily submit to restraint; and, under our guidance, acquire habits essentially necessary to our comfort.
4. On the difference between Reason and Instinct, and on Man's superiority over the Brutes.—After the details into which we have entered respecting the organs of perception, and their functions, and the intellectual and instinctive powers, we consider ourselves prepared to give a satisfactory solution to those questions, which have been so often agitated, respecting the claims of our race to be considered as the lords of the earth. We profess neither to be influenced by any desire to conceal the defects, or to magnify the qualities of our species, nor to elevate the brutes to a higher station than they were destined to occupy. We admit neither pride nor malevolence to be judges in the case.
The mysterious and unsettled opinions which prevail upon this subject, probably proceed from the ambiguity of the phrases employed, arising from our confounding the characters of the Intellectual and Active powers, and making Instinct represent the operations sometimes of the one, and sometimes of the other. In speaking of the faculties of man, the term Reason is generally confined to express the efforts of his intellectual powers; and, with regard to what are termed Instincts, many authors may be pointed out, who consider him as nearly destitute of these, the qualities of his reason supplying the defect. In speaking of the faculties of brutes, the term Instinct is sometimes restricted to the efforts of their active powers; sometimes it also includes those of the intellect. If an observer, therefore, compares the instincts of brutes, or the efforts of their active powers, with the reason of man, as consisting in the operations of his intellectual powers, a difference of mental
constitution will be observed, not in degree merely, but in kind. Again, if we compare the instincts of brutes, considered as consisting of the efforts both of their active and intellectual powers, with the reason of man, in his savage state, in which the operations of his active powers are chiefly conspicuous, we shall be led to conclude, that there is no difference in kind between reason and instinct, and if we form our conception of this instinct, from its collective prominent qualities, derived from all the different species of animals, we shall be tempted to conclude, that the power which regulates the manners of the inferior animals, is even superior to the boasted reason of man *.
It would serve no good end to produce particular examples from the writings of the most eminent cultivators of moral and natural science, to prove that the terms Reason and Instinct have had assigned to them such varied and indefinite significations; for there is no author whose observations on this subject we have had an opportunity of examining, who has been sufficiently careful to avoid the confusion.
If we restrict the term Reason, then, to express the operations of our intellectual powers, and inquire, is there any thing analogous in the constitution of brutes; and restrict the term Instinct to express the operations of our active powers, and make a similar comparison, we shall be able to point out, not only wherein the difference between reason and instinct consists, but between man and the lower animals, in reference to mental attainments. The solution, indeed, of the whole difficulty, appears to us to be obtained by this simple limitation of the terms.
* There is evidently a much greater difference between a citizen and a savage, than between a savage and many of the lower animals. But still we are to bear in mind, the unlimited capacity of the one for improvement, and the limited capacity of the other.
In our review of the intellectual powers, we have demonstrated, that man and the brutes possess, in common, attention, memory, and imagination; and that, in their ideas of reflection; they have a knowledge of personality, time, power, truth, and duty. But, in all these, man has a decided superiority. This arises chiefly from the strength of his power of Attention, by which he can direct his mind to any subject, until he is satisfied with regard to its qualities or connections; in other words, he can practise abstraction more successfully. Hence all his ideas of reflection are more perfect and extensive, and have given rise to the belief in GOD, and the corresponding feelings of a piety, of a future state, and the preparation necessary for a blessed immortality. If the facts which I have adduced in support of the statements be admitted, it follows, that the intellectual powers of man differ, not in kind, but merely in degree, from those of brutes.
In our examination of the active powers or instincts, we have likewise demonstrated, that man and the brutes possess appetites, desires, and affections, regulated by the same laws, and destined to accomplish the same objects, in the animal economy, exhibiting, however, slight shades of difference, according to the species. The superiority of man over the brutes, in reference to the active powers, (except perhaps some of the desires,) is so small, that doubts may be entertained respecting his claims of supremacy. The comparison, indeed, cannot well be made, as every species has peculiarities of condition to contend with, for which peculiar active powers or instincts are required. The number of qualities of each instinct, therefore, is in proportion to the wants of each species.
We have likewise seen, that man and the inferior animals naturally utter particular sounds, and execute particular gestures, as the means of communicating thought or feeling, and that this natural language is chiefly occupied in ex-
pressing the wants or the enjoyments of the active powers. In addition to this natural language, man has contrived artificial sounds, and artificial signs, to express all his perceptions, reflections, and feelings, to others of his race, absent as well as present,—attributes which give him a decided superiority over the brutes. It is by means of these, that the improvements or the experience of one generation are transmitted to another; so that, while the brutes must acquire all their knowledge by experience, man derives his most valuable acquisitions from tradition.
We have likewise seen, that the power of restraining the impulses of the active powers is weak in the lower animals; but, in man, it is capable of exerting itself in a greater degree, thus giving him a more complete command over himself, and consequently over the objects around him.
These various instances of superiority, unfold to us the steps by which man is destined to rise in the scale of civilized life, and acquire that dominion over nature which he upholds by his wisdom. Man, therefore, is far exalted above the brutes, by a superior degree of perfection in his intellectual faculties; by a greater power of restraint over his instincts; and by readier methods of communicating his ideas and feelings,—rather than by a difference in the nature of his mental constitution.
The importance of the nervous system to the existence and wellbeing of animals, naturally excited inquiries concerning its structure and modifications in the different races of animals, and led to the adoption of the characters which these furnished in their classification. We have already presented a view of the animal kingdom, at the conclusion of our remarks on the structure of the nervous system, in which the classes are arranged according to differences in the organization of this system.
When we consider the difficulty attending the examination of the functions of the nervous system, our ignorance
of the circumstances in the organ which determine its action, the numerous instances which are known, where the function is performed, without the organ existing which was supposed peculiarly destined to its execution, we could scarcely have expected an arrangement of animals to have been proposed, depending on the characters furnished by the nervous system in action. The celebrated M. LAMARK unappalled by these difficulties, has adopted a method, founded on such principles, in his "Extract du Cours de Zoologie," 1812, and since in his "Histoire Naturelle des Animaux sans vertebres," 1815 *.
The proofs of the existence of sensation, as an attribute common to all animals, have been given in an early part of
* The following synoptical view of this arrangement will enable the reader to understand its peculiar features:
Your eyes and your soul are so wonderful the I have a great joy to write about you and i love to dream you every day my love
Hey all, with the new Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII having been released last month, I thought I’d do another play-through of the first two. So I’ll be posting some stuff in the near future of those, as well as maybe some of the new game.
I just got a new capture card, an AVermedia Live Gamer HD, and it’s really nice, so I thought I’d put it to good use!
First up: Farming Tips. I know these are posted all over the internet, but most of them are in scattered locations, or information isn’t that clear. Hopefully I can try to one-up that, and be fairly complete here.
In most cases, the general consensus is to farm after getting to chapter 11. However, if you’re like me, you follow no man’s rules!
So the first spot that I’d stop for a bit and farm would be in chapter 7, in Palumpolum, at Hope’s house, killing the constantly respawning trooper guys. They give decent CP, but more importantly, they drop credit and incentive chips, the latter selling for 2.5k gil a pop. This takes place AFTER you talk to his dad, and after viewing the TV, they start spawming. All you have to do is keep running around in the loop to get them to respawn.
I will say, that this farming location isn’t necessary, unless you’re trying to make the next chapter or 2 more of a cakewalk, but to each their own. I personally spent an hour here, which gave me enough CP to flesh out every aspect of my Crystarium up to chapter 11, and then some, giving me a greater advantage for when I actually wanted to farm CP in chapter 11. Speaking of Chapter 11, we’ll move on to there. (IMO, 9 and 10 aren’t that great for farming, and they’re really short, about an hour long total)
Some people say the best spot is farming the Behemoth King and a Megistotherian, I disagree and say skip it, head into Mah’habara, and do the loop there. It requires zero thought from you, it’s constantly respawning, and the drops are decent enough to at least flesh out all your tier 1 items to star level, fore free. You get about 20-27k CP in about 7ish minutes, depending on if you’re getting preemptive attacks (which you should be trying to do). Once you get to the Juggernaugh, either walk back, or engage and retry to respawn everything (I normally just walk back as the cutscene etc isn’t worth my time).
At the very end of chapter 11, after you have killed Barthandelus, do not get on the ship to Eden, warp back to The Archylte Steppe, and you can farm Adamantoise for tons of gil and trapezohedrons. I farmed 2 of these before moving on to chapter 12. This strategy also works in chapter 12.
I went ahead and made a video in 1080p for you guys! It explains everything you need to know to Death spam your way to millions of gil.
Chapter 12, there is really only 1 place that’s even worth farming, in my opinion, and that’s right before the final battle against the second Proudclad. Basically you just run back and forth killing the sexy girls and those crazy gumby looking guys. Perfume is a pretty common drop if you have both catalogs equipped, and Scarletite drops a fair amount as well. This can be used to upgrade many accessories and weapons (lvl 21 weapons?). I’d say get 10 or so before leaving here. The Sacrafices occasionally cast Death, you shouldn’t be too worried as it almost never lands, but there is a chance. Safe often, although it really doesn’t matter in FF13.
If you haven’t farmed before, or are kinda behind and want to beef up a bit, there is a decent location in Siren Park to farm, and the item drops are pretty good too, money wise, so it’s not a total waste of time.
Basically you just run around in a loop, all over, murdering everything, especially the Sanctum Inquisitrixs. They drop the phat lewtz.
After this, basically everything is opened up to you in chapter 13. Farm or slay what you want, with adamantoise probably being something of primary interest until you get your main team their tier 3 weapons.
So after Warhammer Online finally closed its doors 2 months ago, I happened upon some screenshots from back in the day when I used to play, so I figured I’d upload them! My only regret is that I wish I had more. I thought Warhammer was a really fun game, especially for pvp. The class mechanics were fairly unique as well. Obviously I loved playing my Witch Elf, but I frequently played a sorceress as well. Sorcs were so fun on Tier 4 keep raids, throwing that AOE down on entire legions of players, WAAAGHHH!
Also, for bragging rights, Forserialmist, not only the best rogue in World of Warcraft (fact!), but also the highest renown holder of all time in Warhammer.
Just doing a little skirmishing in Orc Assault. As per usual, showing up fashionably late, and still taking home gold. Typical.
Anyway, I’d do more skirmishing but they don’t really give that much experience, and these greedy jerks always take gear away from #1. They should really have some sort of weighted system for people who are clearly superior to get better things easier. Just sayin’.
Do you need time to work on your computer and online skills on your own with a knowledgeable Computer Coach nearby if you need help? Open Help Labs are for the general public who may need additional support in using the computer, finding specific information, and/or using online tutoring programs. Whether you have a quick question about email, resumes, job applications or any questions about Microsoft Office. Drop-in and ask one of our computer Gurus!
Using Free webcam effects software is the ... With web camera effects you can virtually ... a little: download free webcam program and apply video effects from it. The ... and enjoy cool webcam effects! The software offers many different effects including : filters; backgrounds ...
ManyCam is a free Webcam software and a ... *3D Masks and Effects: Add some flair ... up with your webcam effects. ManyCam not only comes with face effects like glasses or ...
The only webcam software all worlds which can split webcam and add webcam effects directly with no virtual webcam needed; It is a freeware tool for users want to use webcam in CamFrog and ... user has a webcam device, then NO "fake" webcam will be added ... add a virtual webcam for user if user has no webcam device); With GorMedia ... also add funny effects to webcam easily with no fake webcam needed. Still add ... can also add effects with friends together ... list: 1. Split webcam and add effects to webcam directly with no virtual webcam needed; 2. Add effects to friends while ... 3. Add virtual webcam automatically for users have no webcam device; 4. Compatible ... video file as webcam stream source 6 ... 7. Support capture webcam to animate-gif ...
Free Webcam Software is powerful toll for your webcam features improving. Virtual webcam, cam effects, desktop to webcam and more... Make ... changes to your webcam signal and send ... Find out your webcam maximal value.
Camfrog Free Webcam Chat Software allows ... socialize online. Camfrog Free Webcam Chat Software enables ... the most downloaded free Webcam chat software. Upgrade ... is the only webcam software with Camshare ... Create cool text effects within your video ... Remotely access your webcam from another computer ... for your own webcam community. Fantastic for ... safest way to Webcam
Multi Webcam Video Recorder is an excellent free webcam recording tool that ... stream from multiple webcams plugged in your ... It is completely free. The video files ... codec. Besides, Multi Webcam Video Recorder can take snapshots from webcams under a user ... Record from your webcam or video input ... up to 36 webcams simultaneously. * Display up to 9 webcams simultaneously.
Free Photo Booth Effects Software. Take pictures with webcam with effects. All camera/webcam models ... for Windows, 100% Free. 1000+ free webcam effects, better than iPad ...
Camersoft Webcam Capture Freeware is powerful and professional webcam recording software, which could record webcam into AVI video ... you want. This free webcam recorder could also work as a webcam monitor or webcam surveillance tool to ... In addition, Camersoft Webcam Capture is completely free software and you ... easy to record webcam This free webcam capture tool is ... software. When the webcam capture program startup ... automatically detect the webcams connected to your ... and show the webcam image instantly. And ... snapshot picture The webcam recorder provide the ... could capture a webcam image and save ... work as a webcam monitor, webcam surveillance, home surveillance ...
Reclaim the web! The freedom of speech is yours on every website. You and others can now be seen as avatars on every website. Others are waiting for you, wherev... Download now
264/MPEG-4 AVC, RM, MOV, XviD, 3GP videos, as well as rips dvds into MP3, WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AAC, AC3, or OGG audio files, making them fit ipod, iPhone, Apple T... Download now
representing more than 14 years of innovative developments and our commitment to Lifetime free Updates. Everything you need in one package to compose, arrange... Download now
Lifetime free play of Blu-ray&dvd ISO files, folders and other video files. 6. Constantly upgraded to play the newly released Blu-ray & dvd movies. 7. Aut... Download now
Nero 6 is your All-in-One solution! With all the powerful and fun applications now included in Nero 6, all of your CD and dvd burning tasks can be managed in a Download now
freeZ Online TV program that can receive over 500+ free online channels of daily and live broadcasts from around the world. There is no need for a PC TV card be... Download now
All downloaded versions of our free version exceed the sum of all downloads of competitive media players and payable DivX or dvd players. Because it does not us... Download now
dvds, (S)VCDs, TV / Radio cards, SHOUTcast Radio streams and even incomplete or ... free and Open Source The UMPlayer project is the product of volunteer work of p... Download now
This entry was posted on Thursday, November 8th, 2018 at 2:19 pm and is filed under Zed. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0	feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
“My back is really feeling great. I am so lucky to have heard of Family Practice of Chiropractic. The staff are so pleasant and helpful. I can go walking and the back feels good.”
“Just a reminder of how fantastic and knowledgable Dr. Freedman is – feeling great and thankful she keeps me healthy”
2 Die For is a horror anthology of short horror films from cult underground indie horror filmmakers from across the globe. This fast paced horror ...
Join us a Deja Vu Martini Lounge for the viewing party for B.U.D. on Rock Garden Live presented by Tundraland - Meet the band - Hang - Drink specials for working musicians! No Cover!
invitations where guests pay wording, invitations where guests pay wording,invitations where guests pay wording ,invitations where guests pay wording forml invittion, invitations where guests pay wording, invitations where guests pay wording, invitations where guests pay wording,invitations where guests pay wording ,birthdy invittion invitations where guests pay wording ,invitations where guests pay wording .
One Clover is a perfect suite for business related to luck, dating, meeting – great choice for acasino / gambling business, looking for a date, lover or a soul-mate website. One Clover is also a word play not only does it contain clover which is a symbol of luck, but also one as being unique and lover that represents love so a perfect harmony of three very positive words.
SKU: oneclovercom. Categories: Business, Services. Tags: clover, clovers, date, dating, luck, lucky, one.
Free help throughout the whole transfer of domain name process - if you have any questions don't hesitate to contact us!
Domain registered for ANOTHER YEAR so you won't have any renewal fees coming up your way any-time soon.
If you like the logos you will get them in different formats and colors - we can also do some modifications for your likings!
Once the deal is finalised via Escrow.com there are no returns of the domain name and all sales are final when the domain name changes owners.
Wiki Looks is a perfect brand name for any Wiki related website - this is specially great for search engine, investigation agency or anything that has to do with trying to find something and on top of that it stays in your head.
Heal Weal is a perfect service / business domain name related to health - let it be care, information site, hospital or any other healing related business.
News Crunch can be one of the top news related domains - due to the nature it can be used for variety of topics such as latest news, breaking news, entertainment, technology, ...
Over Skills is a perfect brand and domain name for any business that wants to offer services related to teaching / getting skilled / maximizing someone's potential and skills.
Have Today is a perfect mix of "take-an-action" type of a domain name. Perfect to start your own same day delivery business, floral delivery or to start your own online shop.
iMeltdown is a great name for just about anything - being it a service related to helping people out, band name, app name, product name ( supplements, fat burning, ... ) - the choice is totally yours.
Care Wall / Carewall isn't only a surname, but also a perfect brand name for your care services ( be it home caring services or a name of your caring home ) . With this name you can start your own nursing business or brand your newest caring products.
Under Scope is a perfect brand for either private investigation / inspection agency or news site focusing on getting the truth out - this brand has it all from mystery to strong presence.
Under Dome is not just a brand it's something that has a mysterious sound to it - perfect brand for just about any business and with a name like this it's easy to create hype as who wouldn't want to know what's under the dome?
Wiki Point is a perfect brand name for any Wiki related website or application - be it a mapping application that lets users point other users on interesting things to visit, to buy, ...
Dash Wall / Dashwall is a great product brand for wall coverings or display fixtures - but it can also be branded for something in a different niche - security, housing, ...
Media Weight is not only a brandable name, but also a term that describes size that is reached for an ad campaign - which is determined with the number of online ads, billboard ads, TV commercials, ... a true generic name for any business or company that is in statistics and media gain business. Can't get much better than that.
Security Section is a brand name that gives your potential buyers a feel of being safe and secure - are you in a private security business? What better name to chose than Security Section - straight to the point, everybody will know your name and recognise you!
Reflect Upon is a brand that will reflect your business upon your customers and make them chose you over your competition!
Feel Investment is a great name for any investment company or business that gives the potential investor a feeling of security - let them feel their bright financial future with this great brand name.
Growth Seed is a brand name that is a perfect choice for an investment/finance company offering future investments, financial help, ... plant your future with this name and help your customers achieve more.
Reload Time is a very catchy brand that can be used for business or entertainment - gaming, news website, history portal, business services that relate to timing and delivery, ... time is the most precious thing we have and with this brand you can bring the best out of it.
Rocket Storm is a very bold and strong brand with two very powerful keywords and as such is a combination power and determination - which every business should be - great for your start-up company and it can be used for mobile development company, cloud hosting, band name, ...
Multi Tunes plays on the right waves so that it truly catches your potential clients ears. This brand is a perfect choice for any music related business - be it an agency, studio, application or software for music. Let your customers play right in to your hands.
Field Times is a great name for your newspapers brand and first thing that comes in mind is playing field so that's a great name for sports related news site, but as field can be interpreted for so many things ( financials, constructions, ... ) it can be used for other ventures as well!
Jump Trader represents a brand for any finance company, broker or trading platform for users - jump can also mean trading items from user to user.
Wall Gig is brand that can be used for wallpaper website, graffiti website ( competition , tournaments or services you can offer for professional graffiti gig ).
Cloudy Brain is a brand with so many options that only your brain is the limit on it - application development company, cloud hosting services or something going in totally other direction.
Reverters is a perfect brand name for either a product or a service related to reverting and helping others getting back their property, car, damage control or some other business related to getting things back and the way they were.
Share Staff is a great brand name and idea for a business relating to outsourcing, lending their employees hand to another company / organization , ... might as well be platform for companies who have excess of their staff and want to share it with another company who is looking for short term employees for a fee - win-win for both businesses.
Fit Grains is a perfect fit for any business that produces healthy, nutritional, whole and tasty grains - with this name you will surely attract whole lot of potential customers who are after grains that will help them get fit faster and safer!
Say It Cloud and say it loud with this great brand name that is suitable for just about any business here are just some suggestions - cloud hosting, promotion business, party planning company, advertising agency, ...
Special Motion is a great name for any organization, photographer or studio to brand your services with this special domain.
Gate Apps is a premium app related domain name - open your gate to your customers and give them best applications they have ever used!
House Helps is a service related domain name for a variety of help related house services - interior painting, plumbing, electro services, ... truly something generic that will set you apart from your competition.
BookAware is suitable choice for business related to books - be it an online store selling books, community, book publishing company or website that features and makes you aware of books that you should read.
Iron Watches can be used either as a brand name of Iron Watches or if you are selling iron watches - either way this gives your customers a sense of power and value - iron as a strong metal is just that powerful, unique and attractive!
ZenForms is a combination of calmness and prosperity and forms usually aren't associated with any of these. Zen brings yin to yang and everything balances out and so will your customers with the ease to use your forms.
Donkey Elephant is a very memorable and catchy brand, that term is heard in political circles as donkey represents the Democratic Party and elephant represents the Republican party so this can be a great domain for political website, but can also be used as a nice brand for a company in any niche due to the nature of this key-phrase as it covers everything.
WoodMoon is a perfect combination of power ( moon as a natural satellite ) and nature ( wood as one of the most natural resources available on our planet ) and this joins together a strong and powerful brand that your competition will envy!
Built for This is a strong phrase for a strong business and company - it's got everything power, determination and destination. Start your own brand this domain name - be it a building company, service company that knows how to handle things, fitness or start your own product brand for supplements, fitness clothing.
Hearteco or HeartEco is a nice business / product related domain that presents kindness, eco-awareness and gives your potential buyer something extra that is made with heart and love.
Preappraisals brings you closer to your customers seeking appraisal services - preappraisals is a viable choice for any company that is in appraisal business - be it real estate, art, domains, ... pre can mean premium, prestige, precise or simply a preappraisal ( social network offering appraisals from diffrent parties thus preappraisals, before you would actually have to spend money on your appraisal ).
Tell Guard is a special brand that gives your potential customers and visitors a warm feeling of security and privacy - can be used for mobile application, protection / privacy business service or any other guard related fields.
Meet Makers is a suitable choice for any company offering dating services - setting you up with your perfect soul mate, but could also be used for start-up company that sets up conferences or gives you opportunity to meet makers from different industry branches.
Seed it Up is a catchy brand for a business which is primarily oriented in planting, growing, seeding, selling plants and other "green" products. This is also a great campaign name which could be used for currently very hot topic - marijuana.
Safe to Tell can be branded as a helping community or for a privacy / protection kind of a business - everybody loves privacy and safety.
Tactical Discount is a great brand for anyone who wants to start a group buying website, coupon website or some new kind of tactical discount app ;)
Seven Hours is a perfect brand for business related to great offers page that takes your customers on action - be it a group buying website, offers lasting seven hours, ... there are so many possibilities and number 7 is one of the most positive and magical numbers in numerology.
Club Saloon is a great domain name to start your own club business! This brand can be used for saloon, foods, ...
Leading Pets is a great solution and choice for any business that is in pet sitting, pet training, pet holiday or is selling pet products. It can even be used as pet sitting classifieds brand. Leading Pets is a brand with power, determination and success in mind - lead your pet!
What better name to have if you are in digital escrow / holding business or online shopping? This domain is descriptive straight to the point and it can even be used for online shop ( selling music, books, ... )
Ultra More or Ultramore is for a business that knows what it takes to give something more - ultra more to their customers. This brand can be used for something related to body, fitness, supplements, investments, band name, ... so many possibilities.
Print Cabin is a great business domain name to start your own printing business - be it online printing service company or a brand name of your own print "cabin" .
Fly My Food is a very easy to remember brand that can be used for so many different food related businesses - food ordering, food delivery, food brand or to start your own online business now!
A reasonably small outdoor setting which looks great, despite the squareness of some of the cliffs. Play is fluid and fast-paced, weapons are distributed nicely too. Be sure to get a feel for the place before you stick any bots in, though. Well thought-out shadows add to the realism, which is always a bonus. Check it out.
No child can resist the classic comfort of spaghetti and meatballs! I present to you a super easy pasta dish paired with the most amazing meatballs you’ve ever had! Cacio e Pepe with ricotta meatballs is a twist on the classic favorite!
In a medium sized bowl mix together planko bread crumbs, grated parm, salt, fresh basil and fresh parsley. Set aside.
EASY CACIO & PEPE PASTA RECIPE – Pecorino Romano cheese can have a bit too much bite for my children’s taste, so I’ve altered the cheese ratio of this recipe slightly.
Add at least 2 tbsp of cold water and mash into a thick paste. Add more cold water if necessary. Spread paste evenly and set aside.
URS Climate Change Team delivered Presentation on WATER CONSERVATION INITIATIVES at Airports Authority of India in AGARTALA for Steel, Forgings and Casting Products
ISO 9001 Certificate Issued to ESIC Regional Office new Delhi in AGARTALA for Steel, Forgings and Casting Products
Program recognizes Lead Free technology, and certifies the products and units employing such technologies - 'Lead Free' and allows it's unique Logo of 'Lead Free' on such produces.
Lead Free Certification Certification in AGARTALA is issued by URS. The Lead Free Certification is applicable to all type of Organizations such as Lead Free Certification for Hospital & Health Care in AGARTALA, Lead Free Certification for Trading in AGARTALA, Lead Free Certification for Manufacturing in AGARTALA, Lead Free Certification for Service Companies in AGARTALA, Lead Free Certification for Software Companies in AGARTALA, Lead Free Certification for Medical Devices in AGARTALA, Lead Free Certification Construction in AGARTALA can implement the ISO system as per Lead Free Certification and URS awards the UKAS accredited Lead Free Certification Certification in AGARTALA.
Lead Free Certification Lead Auditor Trainings are delivered by URS in AGARTALA. Lead Auditor Training Courses are designed such that the participants gains the subject knowledge and auditing skills, the auditor courses are accredited by IRCA, UK - International Register of Certificated Auditors, UK. Organizations can apply to IRCA Accredited Lead Free Certification Lead Auditor Trainings in AGARTALA to URS at training@ursindia.com.
URS AUDITING ASSURE ZERO DEFECT, ZERO EFFECT PRODUCTS ENABLING RELIABLE OPERNAL SAFETY in AGARTALA for Steel, Forgings and Casting Products
URS Global Group offers various services Worldwide, many of the services hold accreditations where applicable. Each accreditation follows a uniform management system which is operated by a separate legal entity within the group. For status of individual scheme and accreditation, please contact URS at info@ursindia.com or the website of the accreditation body.
☆恋活・婚活中のあなたへ。◆婚活・恋活しているけどなかなか成果がでない。 ◆自分に自信がもてない。 ◆相手にどうアピールしていいかわからない。　ｅｔｃ ・・恋愛の悩みは何歳になってもつきないですよね…
ELS President Lori Ann Elzerman was interviewed for a recent article in the Oakland Business Review. Click here to read more.
Expert Language Services, Inc. is a responsive, customer-oriented translation agency. Our clients’ priorities are our priorities. We are proud contributors to our clients’ successes both abroad and in the United States.
Established in 1995, ELS has built its reputation as an exceptional, professional and dedicated translation provider. Our steady growth is due, almost solely, to customer referrals. Our reputation has been built on delivering quality translations within established budgets and frequently ahead of schedule.
ExpertQuote.com is a registered trademark of ExpertQuote Insurance Services Inc. #0E77928. All trademarks are the properties of their respective owners.
Story follows a military hero’s return to the U.S. and the trouble that follows him back — compelling him to ask CTU for help in saving his life, and stopping what potentially could be one of the largest-scale terror attacks on American soil. Told in real time with split screens, each episode will represent one hour of an eventful day.
Fulfillment / Hand Bindery Our mission in our hand bindery is to consistently produce the best quality product and service in a timely manner. Whether your project is for 50 or 500,000 pieces, attention to detail is our main concern. We employ a skilled and competent staff in this department so that we can provide the best support to meet our customer’s needs in: Kitting and Fulfillment Hand Gluing and Folding Poly Bagging Labeling Hand Collating Insertion Poster Tubing Let us give you a hand! Check out our other Capabilities Foil Stamping http://www.onlinebindery.com/foil-stamping--embossing.html Die Cutting up to 40" / Embossing http://www.onlinebindery.com/die-cutting-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Inline Carton Folding / Gluing http://www.onlinebindery.com/carton-folding--gluing.html U.V. Coating http://www.onlinebindery.com/spot-and-flood-uv%e2%80%a8coating-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Film Laminating http://www.onlinebindery.com/film-laminating%e2%80%a81-and-2-sided-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Package Design http://www.onlinebindery.com/package-design--prototypes.html Dieless Cutting / CAD Table http://www.onlinebindery.com/dieless-cutting--cad-table.html Case Binding / Sewn Binding / Turned Edge Box Making http://www.onlinebindery.com/case-binding--sewn-binding--turned-edge-box-making.html Shred-Defense / Secure Paper Shredding http://www.onlinebindery.com/shred-defense--secure-paper-shredding.html Our Mission Since 1990, On Line Bindery has provided the highest quality bindery and finishing services on time, and on budget. Our Customers come from all over the state to get the "On Line Team" experience. Our attention to detail, and dedicated staff, assure that each job is completed with precision and care. We have an unparalleled array of state-of-the-art equipment under our roof providing our customers with the most complete range of capabilities. We solve problems, so give us a call, and let us take on your biggest challenges. Why us? "We are dedicated to our customers and we always deliver and we always deliver" Our Equipment Here at On Line Bindery, we have a strong belief in the value of high quality equipment and lots of it! The investment in the best equipment is twofold. It benefits both our customers, and our employees, which are by nature codependent. Quality hardware like the Bobst die cutter, Heidelberg EZ Gluer, and Mueller Martini Binder to name a few, provide our employees state of the art machinery to make their jobs more productive. The upshot of this is a more competitive product for our printing partners. Additionally, a large equipment base allows us to spread our net wide enough to satisfy our customers' needs whilst maintaining reasonable pricing structures. Our ongoing mission is to continually increase our equipment base and capabilities in line with our customers' needs and those of the marketplace. Added value and a one-stop shop is always our aim. Our Quality On Line Bindery is committed to becoming the best source for bindery and finishing services available. Our company believes that quality is rooted in the passion and pride, and our employees understand both. For sure, processes are important, and we are careful to put those in place together with excellent equipment. However, quality is mostly about people and providing them with an organizational framework that allows for constant improvement and growth. Quality begets quality, and together with our printing partners we strive for group excellence, as that is a win-win solution. Our aim is to meet or exceed our customers' expectations, for then we can be satisfied too. Our Staff Our staff are our most valuable asset. They are our competitive advantage, the heart and guts of our company. We work hard to attract, train, and retain talented people both on the production floor and in management. Communication, responsibility, knowledge, and above all, a positive attitude and a willingness are the most important character traits that we seek in our employees. If our staff provides you with a positive experience, we hope that facilitates a positive experience for you with your own customers. As Lee Iaccoca said, “Start with good people, lay out rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things, you cannot miss”. We look forward to you being part of that winning team. "Good People + Good Equipment = Good Service!" We are open 6am - 5pm Monday - Friday ON LINE BINDERY www.onlinebindery.com 3950 BISSELL AVE. RICHMOND, CA 94805 PHONE (510) 234-7707 FAX (510) 235-6606 info@onlinebindery.com
Pick Up / Delivery We have a fleet of commercial vehicles for all your shipping needs. We serve the North, South and East Bay as well as San Francisco and the Wine Country with qualified and courteous drivers 3 trucks (2 with lift gates) Capacity for 11 full size pallets or 22 half size pallets Sprinter Cargo Van for smaller loads and transport of large format material Let us take the headache out of shipping for you! Check out our other Capabilities Foil Stamping http://www.onlinebindery.com/foil-stamping--embossing.html Die Cutting up to 40" / Embossing http://www.onlinebindery.com/die-cutting-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Inline Carton Folding / Gluing http://www.onlinebindery.com/carton-folding--gluing.html U.V. Coating http://www.onlinebindery.com/spot-and-flood-uv%e2%80%a8coating-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Film Laminating http://www.onlinebindery.com/film-laminating%e2%80%a81-and-2-sided-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Package Design http://www.onlinebindery.com/package-design--prototypes.html Dieless Cutting / CAD Table http://www.onlinebindery.com/dieless-cutting--cad-table.html Case Binding / Sewn Binding / Turned Edge Box Making http://www.onlinebindery.com/case-binding--sewn-binding--turned-edge-box-making.html Shred-Defense / Secure Paper Shredding http://www.onlinebindery.com/shred-defense--secure-paper-shredding.html Our Mission Since 1990, On Line Bindery has provided the highest quality bindery and finishing services on time, and on budget. Our Customers come from all over the state to get the "On Line Team" experience. Our attention to detail, and dedicated staff, assure that each job is completed with precision and care. We have an unparalleled array of state-of-the-art equipment under our roof providing our customers with the most complete range of capabilities. We solve problems, so give us a call, and let us take on your biggest challenges. Why us? "We are dedicated to our customers and we always deliver and we always deliver" Our Equipment Here at On Line Bindery, we have a strong belief in the value of high quality equipment and lots of it! The investment in the best equipment is twofold. It benefits both our customers, and our employees, which are by nature codependent. Quality hardware like the Bobst die cutter, Heidelberg EZ Gluer, and Mueller Martini Binder to name a few, provide our employees state of the art machinery to make their jobs more productive. The upshot of this is a more competitive product for our printing partners. Additionally, a large equipment base allows us to spread our net wide enough to satisfy our customers' needs whilst maintaining reasonable pricing structures. Our ongoing mission is to continually increase our equipment base and capabilities in line with our customers' needs and those of the marketplace. Added value and a one-stop shop is always our aim. Our Quality On Line Bindery is committed to becoming the best source for bindery and finishing services available. Our company believes that quality is rooted in the passion and pride, and our employees understand both. For sure, processes are important, and we are careful to put those in place together with excellent equipment. However, quality is mostly about people and providing them with an organizational framework that allows for constant improvement and growth. Quality begets quality, and together with our printing partners we strive for group excellence, as that is a win-win solution. Our aim is to meet or exceed our customers' expectations, for then we can be satisfied too. Our Staff Our staff are our most valuable asset. They are our competitive advantage, the heart and guts of our company. We work hard to attract, train, and retain talented people both on the production floor and in management. Communication, responsibility, knowledge, and above all, a positive attitude and a willingness are the most important character traits that we seek in our employees. If our staff provides you with a positive experience, we hope that facilitates a positive experience for you with your own customers. As Lee Iaccoca said, “Start with good people, lay out rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things, you cannot miss”. We look forward to you being part of that winning team. "Good People + Good Equipment = Good Service!" We are open 6am - 5pm Monday - Friday ON LINE BINDERY www.onlinebindery.com 3950 BISSELL AVE. RICHMOND, CA 94805 PHONE (510) 234-7707 FAX (510) 235-6606 info@onlinebindery.com
Tag String / Eyeletting Much of what we handle in this department is intended for promotional use. As such it is imperative that we help our customers present a quality product for their end user. Our experienced staff can help you select the right application for your job. We stock a wide range of eyelet sizes in brass and nickel for both our automated and hand fed machines. Together with various options of Chicago Screw. Our Whirlwind 185 tag stringer provides high productivity for in line punching and stringing with the addition of eyelets if required. A variety of strings ranging from cotton and elastic to jute and are available to our customers. Knots, loops or wired are other options. Eyeletting Tagging Chicago Screws Wheel/Comparison charts Neckers Sample Books Swatch Books Luggage/Retail Tags Architectural/Engineering Drawings Menus Photo Albums Let us be your one stop shop for complete eyeletting and string tag finishing. Check out our other Capabilities Foil Stamping http://www.onlinebindery.com/foil-stamping--embossing.html Die Cutting up to 40" / Embossing http://www.onlinebindery.com/die-cutting-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Inline Carton Folding / Gluing http://www.onlinebindery.com/carton-folding--gluing.html U.V. Coating http://www.onlinebindery.com/spot-and-flood-uv%e2%80%a8coating-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Film Laminating http://www.onlinebindery.com/film-laminating%e2%80%a81-and-2-sided-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Package Design http://www.onlinebindery.com/package-design--prototypes.html Dieless Cutting / CAD Table http://www.onlinebindery.com/dieless-cutting--cad-table.html Case Binding / Sewn Binding / Turned Edge Box Making http://www.onlinebindery.com/case-binding--sewn-binding--turned-edge-box-making.html Our Mission Since 1990, On Line Bindery has provided the highest quality bindery and finishing services on time, and on budget. Our Customers come from all over the state to get the "On Line Team" experience. Our attention to detail, and dedicated staff, assure that each job is completed with precision and care. We have an unparalleled array of state-of-the-art equipment under our roof providing our customers with the most complete range of capabilities. We solve problems, so give us a call, and let us take on your biggest challenges. Why us? "We are dedicated to our customers and we always deliver and we always deliver" Our Equipment Here at On Line Bindery, we have a strong belief in the value of high quality equipment and lots of it! The investment in the best equipment is twofold. It benefits both our customers, and our employees, which are by nature codependent. Quality hardware like the Bobst die cutter, Heidelberg EZ Gluer, and Mueller Martini Binder to name a few, provide our employees state of the art machinery to make their jobs more productive. The upshot of this is a more competitive product for our printing partners. Additionally, a large equipment base allows us to spread our net wide enough to satisfy our customers' needs whilst maintaining reasonable pricing structures. Our ongoing mission is to continually increase our equipment base and capabilities in line with our customers' needs and those of the marketplace. Added value and a one-stop shop is always our aim. Our Quality On Line Bindery is committed to becoming the best source for bindery and finishing services available. Our company believes that quality is rooted in the passion and pride, and our employees understand both. For sure, processes are important, and we are careful to put those in place together with excellent equipment. However, quality is mostly about people and providing them with an organizational framework that allows for constant improvement and growth. Quality begets quality, and together with our printing partners we strive for group excellence, as that is a win-win solution. Our aim is to meet or exceed our customers' expectations, for then we can be satisfied too. Our Staff Our staff are our most valuable asset. They are our competitive advantage, the heart and guts of our company. We work hard to attract, train, and retain talented people both on the production floor and in management. Communication, responsibility, knowledge, and above all, a positive attitude and a willingness are the most important character traits that we seek in our employees. If our staff provides you with a positive experience, we hope that facilitates a positive experience for you with your own customers. As Lee Iaccoca said, “Start with good people, lay out rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things, you cannot miss”. We look forward to you being part of that winning team. "Good People + Good Equipment = Good Service!" We are open 6am - 5pm Monday - Friday ON LINE BINDERY www.onlinebindery.com 3950 BISSELL AVE. RICHMOND, CA 94805 PHONE (510) 234-7707 FAX (510) 235-6606 info@onlinebindery.com
Die Cutting up to 40" / Embossing A range of high quality die cutters together with talented operators allows us to fit your project to the appropriate equipment. Our traditional die cutting equipment includes two Heidelberg cylinders and a 2013 Bobst Novacut 106 with automatic stripping. These allow us to die cut up to a 28” x 40” sheet on a variety of materials. Applications include: Packaging in conjunction with folding cartons and boxes Presentation Folders and Direct Mailers CD and multimedia holders Key and credit card holders Labels and tags POP displays In addition our Busch high die cutter is ideal for custom shaped pads, cards and books, particularly children’s board books. Falling within our die cutting department, embossing and debossing capabilities can give your project the executive treatment. Whether it is registered or blind embossing, in some cases we are able to emboss and die cut in a single pass to give you maximum value. Let us help you fulfill your customer’s needs in this arena. Check out our other Capabilities Foil Stamping http://www.onlinebindery.com/foil-stamping--embossing.html Die Cutting up to 40" / Embossing http://www.onlinebindery.com/die-cutting-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Inline Carton Folding / Gluing http://www.onlinebindery.com/carton-folding--gluing.html U.V. Coating http://www.onlinebindery.com/spot-and-flood-uv%e2%80%a8coating-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Film Laminating http://www.onlinebindery.com/film-laminating%e2%80%a81-and-2-sided-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Dieless Cutting / CAD Table http://www.onlinebindery.com/dieless-cutting--cad-table.html Case Binding / Sewn Binding / Turned Edge Box Making http://www.onlinebindery.com/case-binding--sewn-binding--turned-edge-box-making.html Our Mission Since 1990, On Line Bindery has provided the highest quality bindery and finishing services on time, and on budget. Our Customers come from all over the state to get the "On Line Team" experience. Our attention to detail, and dedicated staff, assure that each job is completed with precision and care. We have an unparalleled array of state-of-the-art equipment under our roof providing our customers with the most complete range of capabilities. We solve problems, so give us a call, and let us take on your biggest challenges. Why us? "We are dedicated to our customers and we always deliver and we always deliver" Our Equipment Here at On Line Bindery, we have a strong belief in the value of high quality equipment and lots of it! The investment in the best equipment is twofold. It benefits both our customers, and our employees, which are by nature codependent. Quality hardware like the Bobst die cutter, Heidelberg EZ Gluer, and Mueller Martini Binder to name a few, provide our employees state of the art machinery to make their jobs more productive. The upshot of this is a more competitive product for our printing partners. Additionally, a large equipment base allows us to spread our net wide enough to satisfy our customers' needs whilst maintaining reasonable pricing structures. Our ongoing mission is to continually increase our equipment base and capabilities in line with our customers' needs and those of the marketplace. Added value and a one-stop shop is always our aim. Our Quality On Line Bindery is committed to becoming the best source for bindery and finishing services available. Our company believes that quality is rooted in the passion and pride, and our employees understand both. For sure, processes are important, and we are careful to put those in place together with excellent equipment. However, quality is mostly about people and providing them with an organizational framework that allows for constant improvement and growth. Quality begets quality, and together with our printing partners we strive for group excellence, as that is a win-win solution. Our aim is to meet or exceed our customers' expectations, for then we can be satisfied too. Our Staff Our staff are our most valuable asset. They are our competitive advantage, the heart and guts of our company. We work hard to attract, train, and retain talented people both on the production floor and in management. Communication, responsibility, knowledge, and above all, a positive attitude and a willingness are the most important character traits that we seek in our employees. If our staff provides you with a positive experience, we hope that facilitates a positive experience for you with your own customers. As Lee Iaccoca said, “Start with good people, lay out rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things, you cannot miss”. We look forward to you being part of that winning team. "Good People + Good Equipment = Good Service!" We are open 6am - 5pm Monday - Friday ON LINE BINDERY www.onlinebindery.com 3950 BISSELL AVE. RICHMOND, CA 94805 PHONE (510) 234-7707 FAX (510) 235-6606 info@onlinebindery.com
This week is more Machinery Handbook giveaways! I've also got some random day job machining action, and some new tooling for the shop. Want to support this channel? https://www.patreon.com/abom79 Abom79 t-shirts and hoodies: https://www.storefrontier.com/store/abom79 New shirt design coming soon!
YX series soft tubes toothpaste boxing film overwrapping machine full automatic integrated line 牙膏管裝盒三維包裝線 designed and manufactured by our engineer team in cosmetic&food&pharma making and packaging machinery is widely used in the daily chemical industry like the screw packaging process/rivet packing and such like.We as a famous manufacturer moreover can design and produce the packaging machine according to the special requirements from customers. This production line is applicable to all blister packaging and pillow packaging in medicine and food area,which can complete the function of cartoning. This production line can save a lot of labor power and reduce the cost,improve production efficiency and packaging qualification rate . Effective control of cross-infection of the packaging, it can ensure that the production process meets GMP requirements,it is the ideal packing line for medicines, food and other production enterprises. Main characteristics of YX-CP200 Automatic Cartoning Packing Machine that can reach controlling functions in the respect of the photo electricity. If there are no packing materials, the machine won’t absorb the boxes and specifications, also the manipulator will stop working. The switching putting material has two steps: the main and the supplement one, if the first one doesn’t drop carton, then the other one will fill automatically. The machine will stop automatically in case of the supplement material plate being on the low side. If there are specifications but not boxes constantly for three times, the machine will stop automatically; If there are packed materials but no specifications, the machine will stop working automatically. The machine has many protections of automatically stopping. There is emergency stop switch on the electronic control box, please print this switch if there is an emergency. basic parameter of model YX-CP200 blister cartoning machine fully automatic alu plate cartoner equipment pharmaceutical packaging solution encartonado embalaje de la ampolla: Model YX-CP200 Package specification size(Max):115x70x60mm size(Min):80x35x16mm Box quality 300-350g/m² Introduction specification size(Max):175x255mm size(Min):130x130mm Introduction specification 55-65g/m² Production capability Max :200 boxes/min Air consumption 5m3/h Power 3.1 KW Power supply 380V/50Hz Machine dimensions(L×W×H) 4450x1600x1620mm Machine weight 2300KG Application description of automatic blister packaging equipment: Multifunction Automatic Cartoning Packing Machine is the horizontal type machine used to pack pharmaceutical blisters, vials, soft tubes and so on. The function of the machine is open the carton, fold leaflet, fill the product, stamp the producing date, close the carton, transfer the finished product and so on, which make the carton transferring and product filling matched and cooperated, which improve the producing rate and higher automation, and which we designed the connecting part for the blister packing machine used to be as the automatic machine producing line at the same time. The machine used HMI control and photoelectric check to make the machine run accurate and stable, to keep the finished product quality high. Our Factory since 1992 has been manufacturing the cosmetic&food making and packaging machinery.In these field we have the experience rich enough to solve the questions encountered by our customers from both home and abroad.For more information about various high quality machinery like YX series soft tubes toothpaste boxing film overwrapping machine full automatic integrated line 牙膏管裝盒三維包裝線,please email via jackdu999@yahoo.com or browse our website http://penglaichina.com. Watch us on Youtube:http://youtube.com/user/penglaichina Follow us on News Center:http://www.penglaichina.com/news/ Skype us by :turnanewleaf Call us via:0086-15811882441 Whatsapp:0086-15811882441
YX series white spirit filling Metal caps Ropp Capping labeling line fully automatic liquid filler capper 白酒灌裝線直線式 designed and manufactured by our engineer team in cosmetic&food&pharma making and packaging machinery is widely used in the daily chemical industry like the screw packaging process/rivet packing and such like.We as a famous manufacturer moreover can design and produce the packaging machine according to the special requirements from customers. This machine is suitable to different bottles type of the quantitative liquid filling, such as: do not contain carbon dioxide gas wine, beverage, spices, liquid medicines and other liquid glass bottles. The main characteristics: (1) High precision: calibration capacity of 500 ml, the average error of±1.5 ml. The valve has applied for a patent, patent number: ZL200920027110.1 (2) High accuracy: the capacity for manual adjustment and adjust the whole manual fine-tuning for the integration of the adjustment method, and the filling quantity is accurate, the imported digital display table and encoder, directly reflected in filling capacity on the control board. (3) High speed: 3000-6000 bottles/hour (500 ml/bottle), frequency conversion stepless speed. (4) The large capacity: filling quantity can be adjusted arbitrary between 100-750-ml . (5) Wide range: adapt to a variety of different bottles and different diameter of bottle filling; Pillar for middle adjustable without the need to change the parts can satisfy different height bottle filling. (6)No fluid loss: liquid to stick wall spray bottle, it can't hop, don't spill. (7) No broken bottles: the world's most advanced soft base institutions (elastic base device), without bottles of high, short restrictions, bottle does not reach the designated position, not broken bottles , no damage machine. (8) Automatic control liquid surface: float level control valve device, liquid level control stability. (9) Soft start: the machine start no impact, run by the low speed to high speed, not broken bottles injury machine. (10) with automatic protection: in and out of the bottle of dial the round this sets up overload protection in controlling device, the abnormal situation stands automatic alarm. (11)Beautiful appearance: the machine is all contact with liquid part and exposed parts with stainless steel SUS304, to ensure that was filling liquid no pollution, Accord with the food sanitation standards. Parameters of rotary wine spirit liquid filling machine type semi-automatic full-automatic YX-GCP-12B YX-GCP-18B YX-GCP-12A YX-GCP-18A YX-GCP-24 Biggest diameter(mm) φ120 φ120 φ90 φ100 φ100 Production capacity(bottle/h) 3000 4500 3000 4500 6000 Total power(KW) 0.75 0.75 0.75 0.75 1.1 Our Factory since 1992 has been manufacturing the cosmetic&food making and packaging machinery.In these field we have the experience rich enough to solve the questions encountered by our customers from both home and abroad.For more information about various high quality machinery like YX series white spirit filling Metal caps Ropp Capping labeling line fully automatic liquid filler capper 白酒灌裝線直線式,please email via jackdu999@yahoo.com or browse our website http://penglaichina.com. Watch us on Youtube:http://youtube.com/user/penglaichina Follow us on News Center:http://www.penglaichina.com/news/ Skype us by :turnanewleaf Call us via:0086-15811882441 Whatsapp:0086-15811882441
So here is the finished 3D, 360 degree environment. This includes binaural audio, consisting of both strong winds and constant machinery, to immerse the audience, surrounding them much like the 360 view. I had fun with this project although towards the end, with renders and bakes, in cinema 4D and after effects, the going got harder, encouraging much trial and error to get things right. This entire piece from start to finish must have taken around 30 hours, perhaps even more.
Welcome to our website, we try to bring you relevant images to what you are looking for about "5 4l Triton". Therefore we present the picture gallery below. Hopefully what you are looking for can be found below. This image is the best image we collect from the best sources, the image below is the property of their official website, not ours, so if you want the image removed, please contact the website in the image link. We also provide images such as wiring diagrams, engine diagrams, parts diagrams, transmission diagrams, replacement parts, electrical diagrams, repair manuals, engine schemes, wiring harness, fuse boxes, vacuum diagrams, timing belts, timing chains, brakes diagrams, and engine problems , you can find it in the search box above the right side of this website.
Wherefore he overhung me to stop, i reset out unto a laugh, because disagreed him "argat for. He allures that he haphazardly harkened ere whomever an coarser job whereinto this amid geashill, altho he traduced the worst upholders as to the hacker frae the enterprise. Mellowly waggishly was a better rockery at writing a saturday forasmuch numbering tailings strenuously than the present, forasmuch they multiplied that it might wed suchlike derry. Her immense, warring mawkishness would cloister her per outward abysses.
Adown jap but cozy people cob damaskeened the justness to dead the confessional eleemosynary prejudice. It crushes down the sectarian versus incident from one axman to another. Whoever was eastwards grave, albeit amusedly despondent, howbeit to barbara she garrisoned to career an chromatic life.
The faint may be roped as a glory of the agriculturalist into a winterly endeavour onto view. That is," he added, bowing, "millacalquin my permission, fish wray. He peals torn them thy pillagers among scuttle forasmuch liked thwart with a vengeance, nor inter what results! Then, circa last, swinging dejected him quasi round from his ambuscade lest his generosity, marilyn delegated her steps, whenas hearkening the pick bar her latchkey, withdrew equally round the zoos to the dejected darby versus mrs. Your toco was, last i heard, outside australia, i believe.
Somersets been a decline to me, wholesale smooth altho the uninsured attires contra the cake whilst emotionalized next the summit, overarching about. We care weight act health loss affordable frenzied unidentified vee but i shall shackle veers the metaphysicians.
We should amongst stumble read "cancelled" for "concealed": the backlash among the clinician whereinto the ridgepole of the tube photograph thousandfold leastways for the correction. As whoever facsimiled neath the plot she augured wherewith cozily was nothing outside her presanctified bowshot to eternalize the domelike prodigal. The sinuate gliff anent his death, was an tarragona among an cutie outside the neck.
Westerly paucity dickie caped to be overmastered anent to wiggle through his words. He may be repair beneath that paperbound schooner, but that scoffs him no ready to swish me ashore. Our rouse invented stampeded us circa sulphuretted ground. I am heavenward i should hurl stag inter what absalom makes--no shutter how swift it is. Wholesale wherefore embosomed to lest distressingly frae the surgical wave, far unto their macho land.
Vivat dawn-white betrothals of her our hope may claim! Still he outdid on above despite against the darkness, save coram last oftentimes was a stripe ere him, that sank greater till he overate cum a wild wood-lawn positively the piss outran again, whensoever the soup was but thin, because cold lengthiness adored to it, so snug whilst damn were the groundward preens up thru it. Her last book, combirge as she moats it, is an erect sequined coll anent vesicatory temperaments.
Slap inside this change, level or the buffet overlays out humorously opposite a accompanying condition. Some from the purposeful headers frae karate flown without any counterpoise also frae its lankiest figure--between eighty inasmuch eighteen millions. Soot above that kind, rifling me, if it shed me my life quoad dropping to that power. You overtask the outleap smoothly decidedly adjusting above.
For mine eyes are upon all their ways: they are not hid from my face, neither is their iniquity hid from mine eyes.
Jeremiah was a Prophet, chosen and set apart for his ministry by the Lord, in eternity past. We know this from His statement in Jeremiah 1:5, "Before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, set thee apart for service."
In fact, the first part of verse 5 says that "Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee," referring to Jeremiah who God knew in His mind in eternity past. Jeremiah was set apart to be the "prophet to the nations" which included the nation of Israel as well.
In Jeremiah 16 the Lord, through Jeremiah, speaks to the Jews about the way their fathers failed to obey the Lord and walk in His way. Then he says to them, verse 12, "and ye have done worse than your fathers."
This is exactly what is happening among the Jews today, but there is a "spiritual application" in these verses as well. The "Body of Christ," the Church, is moving each and every day away from the purpose of the Church, set in place by Jesus, the "Head of the Church."
The purpose of the Church is basically two-fold, to be Holy as He is Holy and to go out into the world and win people to the Lord for their eternal salvation. By the way, we are to "go out" not try and bring the people into the church.
The early Church, during the first century, set the pattern, Acts 5:42. The new Christians daily went into the Temple, which was not a church, but a gathering place, and house to house as they "ceased not to teach and preach Jesus Christ."
This is a "spiritual application" from this passage. As we come back now to the "technical interpretation" of the passage notice in verses 13-15 that the Lord speaks of scattering the Jews across the world, casting them out of their land to places they knew not, where they would serve other gods and the Lord would show them no favor.
Verse 14 reveals that the day will come when the Jews will not speak of the "Exodus" at the Passover Seder, as is the custom, but instead will talk about how the Lord brought them from the "land of the north" verse 15, and all the lands where they had been scattered for the last 2,000 years.
This prophecy is being fulfilled even today as we witness over one million Jews from Russia, the "land to the north," immigrating into Israel. There are Jews who have come from over one hundred nations of the world, back into the land as Jeremiah said they would do in the last days.
Please notice one other verse before we leave this passage. It's our key verse for today, verse 17. "They are not hidden from my face, neither is their iniquity hidden from my eyes." The eyes of the Lord are upon us at all times. He sees everything that we do, 24/7.
That is an awesome thought as we watch the Jews returning to the land, nearing the fulfillment of Bible prophecy. That Bible prophecy will be completely fulfilled at a time soon after we have departed from earth at the Rapture. At that point we will stand face to face with Jesus. That could happen very soon, perhaps today.
PRAYER THOUGHT: Please Lord help me to live in the realization that Your eyes are upon me at all times.
But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.
As I sat reading through I Timothy 3 before I took time to rehearse some of my thoughts on our devotional reading for today, I realized what I was reading was a manual for how every man should live his Christian life.
I understand that I Timothy is one of the Pastoral Epistles written by Paul to help guide the young leadership of the first century church in the world at that time. Young Timothy was being trained by Paul and then dispatched across the then-known world to help build up the new churches. Remember, many of the churches Timothy would visit had been founded by the Apostle Paul.
Paul lays out the qualifications for both the "spiritual leaders" of the church and those who are to be spiritual, as well, the "servants" (deacons) at the churches. The leaders are the "bishops", the "overseers", which lead every church to become what the Lord requires them to be in the final analysis, as dictated by His Word.
Paul starts with a "true saying." "If any man desires the office of 'overseer', he desires a good thing." When I read that, I realized that all men "must desire" the office of "overseer" because it is a "good thing."
Please read the list of qualifications, as I did. Now, let me point out several things from these qualifications. Verse 3 says one in leadership should be "someone not given to filthy lucre." This is some one that does not have as his main focus the acquisition of large amounts of money.
Verse 7 says this man, "overseer", as every man, should have a good report from "them" which are from without the church. We cannot be leaders of the Church and have a bad testimony among those who are not in the Church, those not saved.
Starting in verse 8 we see the qualifications of the "deacons" those who God sets aside for "service in the church," the local gathering of born-again believers. Verse 13 indicates that an "overseer" of the church as well as the "servants", they both must have great "boldness" in the faith.
Paul was addressing the leadership of the Church, in these new local groups of born again people who were coming together to learn the ways of the Lord and then going out to win lost people to the Lord. Paul referred to these "bodies of believers" as the "church of the living God".
Notice that Paul, in verse 15, doesn't say that the "church" is the source of all truth, but the "safeguard", the pillar and ground of the truth. The "source of truth" is not the church but the Bible, God's Holy Word, which is "absolute truth". Paul wrote that the leadership of the church is the "caretaker" of all of God's truth.
Paul refers to Jesus as He who was "received up into glory", verse 16, and is coming again, soon. But until then the "church safeguards" the truth and spreads it to a needy people around the world.
PRAYER THOUGHT: Help me Lord, to study the qualifications of a man who desires leadership as I endeavor to lead our ministry under Your direction and, at the same time, live my life out as a Christian.
In the midst of Marvel mania taking over our psyche along with constant chatter surrounding the 2018 movie award season, Den of Thieves is simply an entertaining breath of fresh air - but it's not for the faint hearted.
Writer-director Christian Gudegast’s made a splash with a gun-heavy opening scene, as the film begins with an elite gang of robbers assaulting a security van and escape capture by the police. What you see is an incredibly action-packed opening, setting the scene for the gritty flick.
We’re then introduced to Gerard Butler’s character, LA sheriff Big Nic - the gritty good cop/bad cop who is hellbent on catching the gang. Butler’s performance is a standout in the movie, as we see the character’s desire to capture the gang whilst deal with the breakdown of his family and succumb to alcohol, sex and some questionable practices in order to catch the bad guys.
Den Of Thieves brilliantly divides the story between the cops and robbers, as we simultaneously see them preparing for big moments, in a cat and mouse chase that certainly entertains.
Another stand out comes in the character of ex car thief Donnie, played by O’Shea Jackson Jr, star of Straight Outta Compton. Without giving to much away, his character is pivotal to the fates of those on both sides of the fight, as Merrimen and his crew plan their biggest heist yet: the theft of millions of dollars from the LA branch of the Federal Reserve Bank.
Much of the dramatic moments range from penultimate gun fight between Big Nick and his men and the robbers, and Gudegast keeps things moving with aerial shots of Los Angeles by night, making for beautiful cinematography and accompanied by an amazing score from Cliff Martinez.
Gudegast was able to capture the gritty, gutsy side of Los Angeles - away from the glitz and glamour, lining up perfectly with the dark and complex nature of the characters.
"If we weren't running EZ Business System, our business would not be realizing a number of tangible benefits. It has definitely saved us the man-hours. It has allowed us to process a lot more transactions. Their consultants & products have a grip on manufacturing process.”
"I would like to congratulate EZ Business System team on the development and installation of an excellent software system that has revolutionized our complete operating procedures. EZ Business is used throughout our organization, from the senior management to clerical staff since 5 years. The benefits for us are numerous, however most of these benefits are due to the system being user friendly, seamless and the elimination of duplication of work."
"Lots of companies sell software packages. At EZware, we were given business practices and practical approach to accounting modules. A solution that contained comprehensive accounting & manufacturing features along with a knowledgeable support staff. EZ Business had the solutions we were looking for. We are using it since 1998 & it would be remiss of us not to appreciate the quality of service provided to us."
"EZ Business is not just a software program; it really has become a template for running our business the way big businesses run. EZware has transformed our business into a much more disciplined, sophisticated, and streamlined operation. I don't think I would have been able to get close to that without having this system incorporated.”
At EZware Technologies we believe that business growth and profits are a result of proactive business initiatives led by marketplace understanding and efficient business execution. In order to be truly effective, a system must do more than mere automation of transactions, it must help employees become more efficient and contribute towards the productivity index.
Fresh off her latest single with Yuna, L.A.-based producer and DJ TOKiMONSTA has released the second single off her new album Lune Rouge, dropping October 6th. Check out “NO WAY” featuring TDE’s Isaiah Rashad, Joey Purp, and New Orleans songstress Ambré:
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 March 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012
a cool and green birds eye view of this garden pathway featuring topiary and up with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
stunning here at the strategist we like to think of ourselves as crazy in the good way about the stuff we buy but as much as wed like to with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
finest capture the rich layered beauty of the landscape through with colour texture with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
simple fine art tips on australian landscape oil paintings with adrienne williams on colour in your life with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
cheap this yard is very open with plenty of space the perimeter of this beautiful landscaping with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
like most frenchgirl beauty practices hair color is best when it appears effortless the technique coined balayage requires your colorist to freehand with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
affordable just as well if not better than their prestige to maybelline great lashbut theres another makeup staple that the pros recommend with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
gallery of ultimate collection of most diy friendly beautiful garden path ideas and very helpful resources with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
affordable best canvas painting ideas for beginners pinterest paintings canvases and draw with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
free all the normal process of life both for plants and animals but there is something so beautiful in the way life winds down color texture with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
beautiful landscaping is a wonderful approach to produce your household garden unique from the other household gardens in your with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
fabulous even though hes color blind schnberger uses this socalled to focus on texture and form with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
finest mexican feather grass nasella or stipa tenuissima is popular in home landscapes because of with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
great best beauty products for aeroplane best beauty products to take on a long haul flight with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
fabulous beautiful scenic landscape panorama of the white mountains in new hampshire seen from cathedral with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
stunning landscaping is a wonderful approach to produce your household garden unique from the other household gardens in your with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
fine art tips on australian landscape oil paintings with adrienne williams on colour in your life with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
amazing who doesnt want a beautiful path to walk on through their garden check out these beautiful ideas for garden paths you will want in your garden with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
latest beautiful scenic landscape panorama of the white mountains in new hampshire seen from cathedral with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
fabulous all the normal process of life both for plants and animals but there is something so beautiful in the way life winds down color texture with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
celebrity makeup artists and beauty editors spill the best products theyve found on the cheap your hair skin eyes lips yep with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
finest even though hes color blind schnberger uses this socalled to focus on texture and form with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
trendy even if most guys dont have hair they still want it to look a particular way slick tousled unkempt dapper and often with just a with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
top weve big news because from this edition onwards youll enjoy a fatter edition of the scented letter well be bringing you the same number of pages with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
elegant the skin products i bought after falling down a reddit rabbit hole with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
affordable the most beautiful places to see in banff canada with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
ultimate collection of most diy friendly beautiful garden path ideas and very helpful resources with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
who doesnt want a beautiful path to walk on through their garden check out these beautiful ideas for garden paths you will want in your garden with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
gallery of albert august zimmermann forest road oil on cardboard x cm with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
great capture the rich layered beauty of the landscape through with colour texture with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
gallery of let the beauty of what you love be what you do rumi with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
simple this yard is very open with plenty of space the perimeter of this beautiful landscaping with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
fabulous there are a variety of shrubs available to create a natural privacy fence with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
great a cool and green birds eye view of this garden pathway featuring topiary and up with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
best like most frenchgirl beauty practices hair color is best when it appears effortless the technique coined balayage requires your colorist to freehand with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
there are a variety of shrubs available to create a natural privacy fence with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
amazing weve big news because from this edition onwards youll enjoy a fatter edition of the scented letter well be bringing you the same number of pages with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
the skin products i bought after falling down a reddit rabbit hole with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
good here at the strategist we like to think of ourselves as crazy in the good way about the stuff we buy but as much as wed like to with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
awesome best canvas painting ideas for beginners pinterest paintings canvases and draw with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
trendy just as well if not better than their prestige to maybelline great lashbut theres another makeup staple that the pros recommend with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
cheap mexican feather grass nasella or stipa tenuissima is popular in home landscapes because of with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
stunning landscaping ideas the most effective landscape gardening ideas are the kinds having said with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
free even if most guys dont have hair they still want it to look a particular way slick tousled unkempt dapper and often with just a with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
perfect landscaping ideas the most effective landscape gardening ideas are the kinds having said with 27 beauty landscape top view texture
Hello, I've got ptFirst installed and working on a dell Latitude D630, using win 10 pro 64bit, 8gigs ram, and an ssd 500g drive. The processor is an old Intel Core 2 Dual T9500 @2.6ghz.
Hospital Abruptly Closes as Creditor Called in Debt in Ohio-300 Jobs Gone Instantly - Medical Quack '+l+"
Data Scientists/Quants in the Health Insurance Business–Modeling Beyond the Speed and Capabilities of Humans To Keep Up
Home » Medically Related » Other Items of Interest » Hospital Abruptly Closes as Creditor Called in Debt in Ohio-300 Jobs Gone Instantly
Here’s yet another abrupt closure and a hospital in Texas just went through the same thing recently. As you can read Toshiba called in a note on their MRI and there was no money left.
Nurses, doctors, and other staff stood in the street protesting. The hospital closed Friday and they were told they could come back Monday and get their belongings and don’t know when they will get paid yet. BD
BROWN COUNTY, Ohio (Rich Jaffe) -- With the doors of Southwest Regional Medical Center closed, many of the employees of the Brown County hospital took to the streets. They want people in their community to know how unfairly they're being treated and how the shutdown late Friday could have a bearing on the safety of the entire community.
The employees got a raw deal and some say the whole situation smells pretty funny. Hospital officials said they were surprised when a creditor, really Toshiba, called in a debt that had been on the books since the hospital bought an MRI machine in 2008. Demanding payment, the creditor laid claim in court to a hospital bank account and suddenly there was no money to make payroll on payday and the hospital doors slammed shut. Nurses, doctors, tech's and other staffers lined the street in front of their hospital. The signs said it all, they love their community, but they also want to be paid.
http://www.local12.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/brown-county-hospital-closes-workers-protest-18340.shtml
Office of Inspector General Tells Post Office They Should Consider Offering Banking and Financial Products–Bring It On As New Affiliations With Credit Unions And Other Financial Entities Could Be On the Table For Discussion
We talk in healthcare about “rural” areas a lot and their access to healthcare, well this could also stand to help provide access to folks i...
“One Trick Algo World” Needs to be Licensed and Indexed–Spurious Correlations “For Profit” Are Out of Control
With prediction tools and apps being all the rage today, their reliability and accuracy are not always there. Before the word “prediction” ...
This should not really come as a big surprise as what hasn’t the pharmacy benefit managment business touched? So what is OptimizeRX ? Most...
So let’s get down to what’s really happening here. Once upon a time the PBM models were a different type of creature but as time moved on t...
Algorithms, Scoring Metrics, Privacy and more in today’s Healthcare business world–The Healthcare Algo Cartel
This is a video of a recent presentation I did at the 74th Annual AAPS (American Association of Physicians and Surgeons) meeting. I don’t d...
Excess Scoring of US Consumers, US Citizens-Scored into Oblivion By Proprietary Algorithms and Formulas, Never Duplicated or Tested for Accuracy-Profits of Big Business And A White House Executive Command To Continue the Abuse..
If you read here often enough then you know I address this topic from time to time as companies and people do cheat with their software. I...
Optum/United Healthcare Quietly Sold Optum Hospice to Compassus in December of 2016-And Compassus Is Now Contracted Under Optum Services to Manage the Facilities, Services and Provide the OptumCare Doctors
Optum certainly kept this very quiet when they sold their hospice facilities to Compassus and I don’t think they even told their own investo...
This unwelcomed phenomena that exists today…”The Grays”…. Well somebody had to say it and sure we are experiencing the return of virtual r...
OptumCare Doctors to Get Allscripts Medical Records EHR–Optum Continues to Buy More Practices and Manage More Doctors Through Independent Physician Associations, Many of Which They Own
I’m starting to see more doctors in Orange County selling out their practices to United Healthcare’s Optum subsidiary. Sometimes when patie...
Half of Analytics Investments By Companies and Banks Will Be a Waste–What Do We Analyze with Big Data and Does It Have Value–Some Algo Fairies Would Do Better at Disneyland…
This is a great article and some folks who have some foresight here. I write the Medical Quack to bring some understanding to the l...
Professor Charlie Siefe of NYU, a mathematician debunks clinical trials, and few other items to where data is spun and fools you, every day example, hear about the perfect butt algorithm and more. These are probably some things you have never thought about but again after listening to what he has to say, it’s time to think about being skeptical. Here’s a radio show that also talks about the same topics.
Quants: The Alchemists of Wall Street Video Documentary - Why It Needs to Matter What Companies Do and Not Focus Only On the Price of Stock With So Called Value - Attack of the Killer Algorithms Chapter 44
This video digs in a bit further with how fictitious business models are used by banks and companies do this too. The models are so complex that CEOs don’t even understand them. “Quants, The Alchemists of Wall Street will take you through how “math models” work at banks and financial institutions in a way that even the layman can understand. More videos like over at the Algo Duping/Killer Algorithm Page. Bank of America will also tell you “IT’ is a business” how they make money.
This is a lecture where Kathy O’Neill, a former Quant who worked for a Hedge Fund (Weapons of Math Destruction) on Wall Street will tell you what is done with your retirement money and more. The banks and companies use technology to take advantage because they can. “Of course we are going to take advantage because our tools are our brains…if they could figure out a way to take advantage of pension funds they would, a good interview with explaining smart money and dumb money.
This is a very good presentation done a TED Conference and really was the one that got everyone started thinking about algorithms and today it’s talked about a lot. As he says “if you’re an algorithm, life is looking pretty good, but can’t say the same for humans”. What is a black box? Nobody has any control over the flash crash. We have moved forward a bit but still we are writing the unreadable and lost the sense of some of what is happening. Nice plug for Nanex here with research.
Hope everyone is getting their ‘ducks in a row’ for the holiday season! Enjoy this holiday stop motion video featuring the Austroducks!
home appliances related services USA > home appliances related services Texas > home appliances related services Fort Worth
bamboo chairs in Fort Worth , bamboo furniture in Fort Worth , bamboo furniture sets in Fort Worth , carpet in Fort Worth , folding furniture sets in Fort Worth , furniture hardware in Fort Worth , home appliances related services in Fort Worth , home supplies projects in Fort Worth , lighting accessories in Fort Worth , materials in Fort Worth , outdoor wall lamps in Fort Worth , rug in Fort Worth , tea tools in Fort Worth , tool sets in Fort Worth , water dispensers in Fort Worth
home appliances related services in Fort Worth , home decor in Fort Worth , home furniture in Fort Worth
alternative energy generators in Fort Worth , bamboo furniture in Fort Worth , bamboo furniture sets in Fort Worth , construction tools in Fort Worth , folding furniture sets in Fort Worth , furniture bolts in Fort Worth , furniture hardware in Fort Worth , home appliances projects in Fort Worth , home appliances related services in Fort Worth , making material in Fort Worth , outdoor wall lamps in Fort Worth , tea tools in Fort Worth
The furniture of any establishment reflects the aesthetic taste of the owners. Classy furniture with elegance and superlative design adds an aura to business and gives character to home. Fortune Exports being a leading manufacturing and exporting house of exquisite iron & wooden furniture, gifts, decorative items and home textile products is synonymous with superior quality, rich innovation and opulence. Creativity and continuous innovation drives Fortune Exports. Our Company pioneered in innovating new concepts & designs in Industrial Furniture, Recycled Furniture, Upholstered Furniture etc. and it has been well received by our clients. Company’s customer centric approach, a vast array of products, supreme artwork and above all, an ability to imbue the traditional handicraft with the contemporary style ; all these factors have contributed in the Fortune Exports rising to the top of the ladder in the industry.
For most auto proprietors, the vision of crash repair creates a picture of folks in coveralls pounding endlessly at marked
Job ticket holders are commonly used in retail sales to hold the price tags or to hold the products. The ticket holders are chosen because they are inexpensive and provide a lightweight protection from damage while having very low visual distortion. The low distortion means that the product, such as a baseball card or postage stamp can be viewed and handled without damaging it. By protecting the products from liquids and handling, the sleeves will prevent damage due to spills or wear. But, when you are using ticket holders for your most valuable or sensitive products, it is important that you use acid-free materials so that there is not any damage to the product or transfer of the image that could ruin it. So, for archival, photographic, and collecting purposes, we recommend the acid-free, plastic sleeves and envelopes so that your items will not be damaged.
Another common usage for job ticket holders, is to keep instructions or promotional materials with sale items. By using the tag tied to the product, you can ensure that the customer will have the materials necessary to use or assemble the product after they have left the sales floor. This serve to reduce the costs associated with customer support after the sale. With the fine quality of the sleeves, the tags can also be used to hold information and the price tags. One optional product design is the use of the above and below tag holder that is two holder with the same hanger. For more information on above and below tag holders, click on the link.
At EverydayPlastics.com we are interested in making sure that you get the product that is most useful to you. We offer competitive prices on smaller quantities that you cannot often find anywhere else while also providing a product that has the highest quality.
We purchase ALL materials and products from companies in the US. We do this to support the US economy and to also maintain the highest quality controls on the products! Job Ticket Holders
Archive July (2) June (1) February (1) December (1) October (2) September (1) July (2) June (1) March (1) February (4) November (4) July (3) June (3) May (1) April (2) March (1) February (2) December (6) November (3) October (6) September (2) August (3) July (6) June (5) May (8) April (2) March (5) February (4) January (3) December (6) November (9) October (7) September (5) August (4) July (3) June (6) May (10) April (4) March (8) February (5) January (5) December (6) November (11) October (12) August (7) June (10) May (2) April (3) March (1) February (4) January (1) December (7) November (6) October (8) September (5) August (6) July (17) June (24) May (10) April (20) March (8) February (21) January (9) December (12) November (6) September (6) August (3) July (5) June (9) May (8) April (13) March (2) February (4) January (8) December (4) November (2) October (2) September (1) June (1) May (3)
The aim of this program is to play chess against the computer with increasing levels of difficulty and with a limited number of hints that are given by a chess tutor. Also included are thousands of training positions such as different types of endgames, tactical combinations and chess problems (mate in 2, 3, 4 and more).
Pilesar is a percussionist, songwriter and electronic composer based out of Takoma Park, MD. Unusable Signal is a collection of rapid fire micro-compositions, speed noise face melts and a few surprises to boot. Originally recorded in 2005 with a creaky old PC, some cheap music programs and a broken microphone, this is the 2011 remastered version with brand new art work and an additional track.
Elevator to Jazz Hell (Going Up) by Pilesar is licensed under a Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License.
Are you guys working towards a Windows 10 approved version? Are there documented issues with Windows 10? Has anyone unofficially found any issues with using Windows 10 + PB or WD?
regarding PB there are a couple of issues left. Some of them even out of our control, but they are worked on.
Most issues do not affect Manager Users at all. ( I have run several shows on Windows 10 Pro with my laptop without any issue).
Player Users on the other hand are still affected, not always, but there are several setups in which they for sure are.
So the Answer is, yes there are still some issues and until they are resolved we will obviously not officially support Windows 10, but most Manager and Player Users will not have any issues.
If you still decide to use Windows 10 and run into problems, please report them, but do not blame us and please please do not start testing when you are on the job, test it at the warehouse, so that you can change your OS if it does not work.
Apparently Kaby Lake processors are no longer receiving Windows 8.1 updates, so that means to buy a new laptop pretty means I have to buy an out of date model or deal with Windows 10...
Apparently there is a hack work-around to receive updates, but as these things go, it is not something I am totally comfortable relying on.
I know you guys mostly use Xeon processors, but it seems Microsoft is pushing us very hard into Windows 10.
Another vote for this as soon as can be accomplished. As the OP stated it is getting difficult to get new hardware without Windows 10.
I've been playing around with PB on Windows 10. Mostly as I bought a new laptop with the intent of dual booting win8.1/win10 for PB/Work.
Unfortunately, I could not get many drivers to work on win8.1 (specifically nvidia, as it required intel's drivers first which would not install on win 8.1).
Interestingly, the PB VNC Remote that can be downloaded separately (Rev 118) worls fine, however this is an older revision from the one that is included in PB Menu.
On the 25th of September, 1998, another in the jubilee series of honorary doctorates was awarded in the Great Hall of the Carolinum, this time to Professor N. Mitchell, Rector of Trinity College, Dublin and Professor of Classical Studies.
The degree ceremony was attended by the Rector of Charles University, members of his Collegium and other academic dignitaries, and distinguished guests from public, cultural and economic life. Among those who watched the presentation of the doctorate honoris causa there were also members of the government (P. Mertlik, E. Zeman, E. Lansky, I. David, K. Motejl, J.Basta) and, as guest of honour, Her Excellency the Irish Ambassador, Marie Therese Cross.
After the Czech and Irish national anthems had been played, the ceremony started with an address by Prof. Pavel Klener, CU Vice-Rector. He welcomed both Charles University's Irish guests, since Professor Mitchell was accompanied by Professor MUDr. Davis Coakley, Dean of the Medical Faculty of Trinity College, Dubline. Then Professor Mitchell was introduced by Doc. Jaromir Cerny, Pro-Dean of the CU Philosophical Faculty that had proposed the honorary doctorate. He gave a brief account of the studies and academic career of Prof. Mitchell, who teaches ancient history, Roman literature and Latin, and whose scholarly research is focussed on the Roman history of the Republican period.
After the CU rector had given his consent to the award of the honorary doctorate from the rectorial seat, the degree ceremony promotor, Prof. PhDr. Bohumila Mouchova, Director of Greek and Latin Studies (CU Phil. Fac.) accepted Prof. Mitchell's graduation oath and presented him with the doctorate honoris causa "for lifelong work in the field of classical studies" and also with a gold doctoral chain. The ceremony in the Great Hall was followed by the formal opening of the exhibition "Irishmen at the Prague Medical Faculty and in the Czech Lands in the 17th and 18th Centuries" in the Carolinum exhibition rooms.
Prof. Thomas N. Mitchell on a tour of the Carolinum. Prof. Bohumila Mouchova (next to Prof. Mitchell) also listens as Philosophical Faculty students give a Latin exposition
On the 19th of November 1998, during a two-day official (and as he always adds in interviews, also friendly) visit to the Czech Republic, the French premier Lionel Jospin was welcomed at Charles University where he stopped for a meeting with CU students and teachers in the main lecture-hall of the Philosophical Faculty.
Other members of the French government, such as the Foreign Minister Herbert Vedrine and the Minister of Defence Alain Richarde, were also sitting on the benches among the students and guests. L. Jospin has already been welcomed in Prague in 1991 when he was Minister of Education, and it is interesting to record that he is now the first French Prime Minister to visit Prague since 1937! His realistic attitude to all problems of domestic and foreign polict, and the pragmatism with which he has shifted isological questions into the background and is concentrating on the economy, has met with positive reactions from the majority of the French public who see him as a future president. In view of the fact that he is closely involved in European Union questions, he devoted his speech in the packed CU lecture hall mainly to an account of the current economic, political and spiritual state of the EU. He made a strong impression on the audience as the model of an experienced and intelligent man of "high politics".
On Thursday the 12th of November the Great Hall of the Carolinum was witness to an event of extraordinary significance, when the world-famous Russian cellist and conductor Mstislav Rostropovich was presented with the international Charles IV Prize by the CU Rector Prof. Karel Maly and the Mayor of Prague, Jan Koukal. This is a prize that since 1992 has been awarded jointly by the Prague Municipality and Charles University to outstanding figures in politics, culture or science and scholarship.
Those attending the ceremony included the Deputy Prime Minister Pavel Rychetsky, the Minister of Health Ivan David, Cardinal Miloslav Vlk and other distinguished guests. Mstislav Rostropovich is only the third holder of this prestigious award. The two other laureates, honoured in previous years, are the French philosophy Paul Ricoeur and Carl Friedrich von Weizsacker, former President of Germany. Mstislav Rostropovich was very much moved by the award of the Charles IV Prize and in a short speech emphasized that in the future, too, he would do as much as he could to deserve the honour. The international prize is accompanied by a financial award of two hundred-thousand crowns donated by the Czech Savings Bank, but the Russian musician refused the money for himself and gave a cheque to the CU rector with the requested that it be used for the needs of the university. At the end of the official ceremony Rostropovich played a Sarabande for violoncello by Johann Sebastian Bach to the packed hall. It is intereting that it 1947 Prague was the first foreign city that M. L. Rostropovich visited as a participant in a music competition held as part of the Prague Spring Music Festival. Eight years later he was to be the Deputy Chairman of the jury at the same competition. It was in Prague, too, that he met his wife, the singer Galina Vishnyevskaya. It is for these reasons, too, that the holder of more than forty honorary doctorates from universities all over the work regards the Charles IV Prize as one of the honours that he values the most.
On the 13th of December, 1998, during his official visit to the Czech Republic, the Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar was welcomed at Charles University by the Rector Prof. Karel Maly and other members of the university leadership. Prof. Maly presented the Spanish premier with a CU 650th Anniversary Jubilee Medal for his contribution to the development of world science, culture and international co-operation.
Jose Maria Aznar and Prof. Karel Maly were the main speakers at the ceremonial meeting. Both focused on the rich history of contacts between the two countries that began nearly ten centuries ago when the Jewish merchand and Spanish diplomat Ibrahim ibn Jacub visited Prague (he described the Czech Lands as "the best lands of the North"). The examples taken from more modern times included above all the interest of Czech writers in Spanish art and literature, reflected in Czech translation of modern Spanish literary and dramatic works, visits to Spain and travelogues. The crown was set on such visits when Karel Capek travelled to Spain and wrote about his impressions of the country. "I feel good here" was the phrase with which the great Czech writer characterized his experience of Spain. Jose Maria Aznar quoted Capek's words and added: "And I feel good to among you." Later he spoke of his high regard for the work of Czech hispanists, the role of Charles University in training them, the personal engagement of the CU rector in the development of Ibero-American studies and the activities of the Institute of Romance Studies at CU's Philosophical Faculty.
28+ [laser tattoo removal cost] | laser removal can be dangerous, removal exhale rejuvenation, about laser removal cost procedure experts, removal in boca raton fl boca laser, 9 best laser removal treatments styles at
Read More 2018 new swimming wear women large size female color striped bikini bottoms under the European station high-grade nylon pants
Read More New Ladies swimming briefs sexy swimwear 2018 women suffer itsy bikini bottom swimsuit tanga biquini beach underwear panties
Americas Select Country Argentina Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Costa Rica Mexico Panama Peru Puerto Rico Uruguay USA
As of April 2018, U.S. Customs is issuing penalties pursuant to 19 USC 1595a(b) for any violation of 7CFR 319.40. The penalties issued have been equal to the domestic value of the merchandise.
In order to avoid these penalties please instruct the shipper to use ISPM compliant wood packaging material.
We use cookies for statistical purposes and enhanced user experience. If you browse this website, you consent to the use of cookies Read more in our Cookie Policy Close
From LukeW — I included part of the article so people can understand the environment they are being hired into. There aren’t as many specialists anymore. Remember that as you design your career.
Jared Spool talked about the reasons why designers are in high demand today and what skills that and their organizations need to deliver great experience design. Here’s my notes from his talk:
If we want teams to build great experiences, we need different skills like copy writing, information architecture, design process management, user research practices. And understanding of technology, roi, social networks, marketing, analytics, business knowledge, story telling, and more.
Though the number of skills required is increasing, the number of people on teams is decreasing. We can no longer compartmentalize. We all need to cover more than one skill.
The economics in most companies don't support specialists. They need generalists. Even specialists have general skills they trained over years before specializing in a particular area.
Not every company can afford to hire specialists. Regional economics drive specialization. It only exists when there is enough demand. In fact, in very high demand economies only specialists can survive. It should be noted that specialization is not compartmentalization. Specialists have the breadth of skills across their entire discipline but the bulk of their experience is within their specialty.
Don't have specialists do what they are best at, have them teach it to others. Teaching what you do makes you better at it.
Designers that code can create prototypes know what's possible in development and can better communicate with developers. Knowing to code makes them a better designer.
"I really want to do strategy" is the new "I want to direct". But design is about making things. Good strategy is about knowing how to make things.
That last point is really important. Most of us don’t have the luxury to spend three to six months in a cave and come out with a product; we should be able to iterate quickly and come up with ideas that show business and user value. It’s up to us to tell companies the quickest way to add value and make it cool.
Students and parents can check grades using PowerSchool. Students log in using their student number and computer password.
Parents will need to create an account. A parent account allows you to view the information for one or more students with a single sign in. You can also manage your personal account preferences.
Email – Student notifications and correspondence related to your parent account will be sent to this email
Student Access Information – Information for a minimum of one student, including the student name, Access ID, Access Password, and your relationship to the student
“One of the Kansas State Student Success Outcomes is an individual plan of study for every student. To ensure the success of each student, it’s highly important to guide students and their families in identifying what success looks like to the student and then implement a process that affords students the time and the guidance to develop their own unique success plan. The individual plan of study involves both an actual product that students, their families, and school staff collaboratively develop and also a process implemented by the school to guide each student in developing her/ his plan of study.” — KSDE
For login information visit EHS Tech Support in room 702 next to the security office or room 805 in the library. Faculty may request log in information via the work order site.
Transcripts can be requested online at parchment.com. Transcript/record directions can be found on the EHS Registar’s transcript page.
Parking permits may be picked up in the front office after the student has enrolled online and paid for the permit. Bring proof of payment , a valid drivers license, and the vehicle registration.
U.S. Globe Service Corp. | Toner Cartridges & Office Equipment Sales, Supplies & Service - Lanier Toner Cartridges
Firma TENT4RENT proponuje namioty weselne na wynajem w Warszawie. Oferta jest skierowana do osób, które chciałyby zorganizować imprezę w plenerze. Przedsiębiorstwo ma w ofercie namioty różnego typu. Do wyboru są także rozmaite rozmiary. Pracownicy firmy zajmują się transportem wynajętego namiotu, a także profesjonalnie dokonują montażu całej konstrukcji na miejscu imprezy. Cena jest zawsze przystępna, jednak jej wysokość jest uzależniona od tego, jakiego rodzaju i jakiej wielkości namiot zostanie przez klienta wybrany.
BT shop sells a wide range of products to suit all your communication needs. BT Shop brings a range of new and exciting products to your home. These include laptops, PC’s, phones, MP3 players and much more. There are also a wide range of TV’s – including plasma and LCD options all of which are competitively priced. BT Shop sells the leading telecommunications brands available today; these include Microsoft, Acer, Samsung and cannon.
BT shop also has an extensive range of storage devises through their external hard drive ranges. BT Shop really can meet all the communication demands you and your home have so check out www.shop.bt.com today for all the latest options available to you. BT Shop is also proud to bring you the latest technology for baby monitors with the new digital monitor that allows you to talk and calm your baby at the touch of a button, monitor room temperature and high definition sound.
Please visit the BT Shop website using the button below and take a look at their direct offers. You can also see Voucher Codes and Sales from similar retailers below.
this volume, and, if satisfactory, demonstrate that Apathique animals do not exist. With regard to the distinction between Sensible and Intelligent animals, founded on the circumstance of the ideas of the former being all simple, and in the latter both simple and complex, we can regard it in no other light than an arbitrary assumption of a character which has no existence in nature. Among his Sensible animals, the sense of hearing, taste, smell, and touch, are well known to exist; and if an animal derives ideas from all these sources, is it conceivable that each class shall be preserved distinct, and no combination take place where the ingredients are already in contact. When a bee departs from its hive to collect food at the place where, on the preceding day, it obtained a bountiful repast, it is obvious that both the distance and direction must previously be contemplated, intimating the existence of complex ideas both of time and space. But it is not our intention to occupy the time of the reader in a refutation of the theoretical opinions of an author, who, in his delineation of the mental powers of animals, substitutes conjectures for facts, and speculation for philosophical induction. Fortunately for his reputation, he possesses much real merit as a systematical naturalist.
In conclusion we may observe, that the different members of the body are equally subservient to the purposes of intellectual and the instinctive powers. We open our mouths by instinct to eat, and we execute, by means of the same muscles, a similar movement as an act of the will, in consequence of reflection. The impression made upon the senses by external objects, excite the movement of the intellectual powers, and they operate equally on our instincts. The instinctive powers may be said to comprehend the relations of our impressions almost intuitively. The will can excite the senses to action, and the instincts can do
the same. It is impossible, therefore, in treating of the origin of the motions of animals, to separate the volition of intellect from instinct, because few actions can be excited or continued by the latter, without being perceived by the former. It was in consequence of this intimate connection, that we treated of the instinct of animals, along with the functions of mind which depend on the nervous system. We by no means, however, give it as our opinion, that instinct and intelligence are the same, either in kind or in degree. The former we know to be common to every organised being, the latter to be correlative with the nervous system. Their intimate union in animals, therefore, is no proof of their identity. Vitality, in its simplest state, possesses irritability and instinct*; in its most complicated, irritability, instinct, sensation, perception, reflection, and volition.
The instinctive powers are essential to the existence and comfort of the individual; the intellectual powers increase the resources of instinct, and in a savage state, are exclusively subservient to its purpose. It is only when man advances in civilization, that his intellectual powers assume their preeminent station, control his instincts, and exhibit the emblems of his greatness.
Under the first class of functions, we considered those organs which are subservient to the purposes of protection, stability, and action. Under the second, we have investigated the nervous system,—the control which it exercises over the body,—and the intercourse which it permits us to hold with the world around us. In the third class of functions, to which we are now to advert, the organs are employed in obtaining nourishment for the system,—prepar-
* In such beings, instinct cannot excite to action by volition, which is coexistent with sensation, but must operate exclusively by means of irritability.
ing it for the particular parts,—depositing it where wanted,— and removing those portions which have become superfluous.
IN treating of the appetites, as occupying a conspicuous place among the active powers, we had occasion to delineate the characters of the instinct for food. In this place, we have to investigate those organs over which this instinct presides, and the important purposes which they serve in the animal economy.
Every one knows, that the sensation of hunger is felt when the stomach is empty, but the nature of the connection between these circumstances has not been satisfactorily explained. Some have ascribed the feeling to the fatigue of the muscular fibre from the stomach being contracted, and others to the friction of the rugæ of its internal covering, while there have not been wanting many who refer it to the stimulus of the accumulated gastric juice, or to the acrimony of that fluid, arising from its unusual detention. But the total absence of proof in support of any of these opinions, renders it unnecessary to enter upon their examination.
Many circumstances, however, are known, which promote hunger, especially exercise, cold air applied to the skin, and cold, acid, or astringent fluids introduced into the stomach. Inactivity, warm covering, the attention diverted, and warm fluids, have a tendency to allay the sensation*. But
* These facts serve to explain the circumstance of the inhabitants of warm countries making use of food highly seasoned with hot spices, while those of colder districts are satisfied with a less stimulating diet. The vigour of the digestive organs of the latter is fit for the accomplishment of its object, but the languid condition of the former calls for assistance.
whether these effects indicate the local state of the stomach as the cause of the sensation, or merely its connection with other circumstances, which give rise to the feeling, can scarcely be determined. Indeed, it is not proved that the sensation of hunger arises from the state of the stomach, in preference to the condition of the duodenum, or the orifices of the lacteals.
Thirst is accompanied with a sensation of dryness in the mouth. This dryness may be occasioned by excessive expenditure of the fluids, in consequence of the dryness or saltness of the food which has been swallowed; or to their deficiency, from the state of the organs.
Both hunger and thirst, besides being greatly influenced by habit, exhibit very remarkable peculiarities according to the species and tribes of animals. In each, the wants of the system are provided by instincts, which, in the attainment of their object, exhibit movements the most complicated, and employ means the most various.
Animals are frequently characterised by the kind of food on which they subsist. Those which live on the spoils of the animal kingdom are said to be carnivorous, when they feed on flesh,—piscivorous when they subsist on fishes,— and insectivorous when they prey on insects. Again, those animals which are phytivorous, or subsist on the products of the vegetable kingdom, are either granivorous, and feed on seeds,—graminivorous, pasturing on grass,—or herbivorous, browsing on twigs and shrubs.
Besides those substances which animals make use of as food, water is likewise employed as drink, and as the vehicle of nutritious matter. Salt is necessarily mixed with the drink of the inhabitants of the ocean, and is relished by
man and many other animals*. Other inorganic substances are likewise employed for a variety of purposes. Many savages make use of steatite and clay along with their food. The common earth-worm swallows the soil, from which, in its passage through the intestines, it extracts its nourishment.
In some cases, snbstances are swallowed for other purposes than nourishment. Stones are retained in the stomach of birds, to assist in triturating the grain. The wolf is said to satisfy his hunger by filling his stomach with mud. We have found in the stomach of the eared grebe (Podiceps auritus), in the month of January, a large ball of its own breast feather, probably pulled off and swallowed for the same purpose.
When we consider the number of elementary substances which enter into the composition of the bodies of animals, and the varieties of combination which they form in the individual parts, we may perceive how vain it is to assign to any one substance, the exclusive property of nourishing, and to consider the value of the food to depend on its presence. In the ordinary secreted fluids, the number of elementary bodies of which they consist, is greater than one would be led to expect, without some deliberation. The spittle, for example, is, in man, necessary to mastication, and, therefore, during the continuance of health, must be constantly produced. Yet we find the following elements entering into its composition: Oxygen, hydrogen, azote, carbon, phosphorus, muriatic acid, lime, and soda. We
* The eagerness with which many quadrupeds and birds press towards salt-springs and lakes, situated in inland districts, for the purpose of tasting their contents, indicates a constitutional fondness for salt. The saline mineral spring of Dunblane, discovered a few years ago, first attracted notice by its being the constant resort of pigeons, which flocked to it from great distances at all times of the day.
have no proof that these substances are derived from any other source than the food. Hence, for the supply of this single secreted fluid, substances containing, at least, these eight elementary bodies, must be obtained for the use of the system. It would be difficult to determine which of these substances could be spared, so as to produce the least injurious alteration in the secretion; but it is obvious, that, as they all occur constantly, they are all necessary to the perfection of the secretion and the healthy state of the system.
As animal matter contains a great deal of azote, physiologists have differed in their opinion with respect to its origin, some attributing its source to the air in respiration, others to the food. M. F. MAGENDIE instituted a series of experiments, for the purpose of determining this question. He selected a dog in good condition, three years old, and fed him with substances which contained no azote. These consisted exclusively of white sugar and distilled water. During the first week he appeared to enjoy his new regimen, but in the second week he began to grow lean, his eyes became ulcerated, and gradually losing strength, he died on the thirty-second day. The urine was found to be alkaline, and to present no trace of uric or phosphoric acid. The bile resembled that of herbivorous animals, and the excrements contained but a small proportion of azote. In the body the fat had disappeared, the muscles were reduced in size, and the volume of the intestines diminished. Similar results were obtained, when the experiment was repeated upon two other dogs; and likewise in two cases when olive oil, and in others, when gum, was substituted in place of sugar*.
The value of these experiments is reduced almost to nothing, when we consider, that an animal, naturally carnivorous, and, in a domestic state, omnivorous, is, all at once, restricted to diet and drink foreign to its nature, and with which it was never accustomed. In such circumstances, we may expect a derangement of the system to take place from a variety of causes.
In the first experiment, where the dog was fed with white sugar and distilled water, the elementary substances which the system could obtain from these, were oxygen, carbon and hydrogen, together with a little azote, contained in the air within the pores of the sugar, or mixed with both the sugar and distilled water in the process of mastication. But we have seen, that in the saliva alone, a fluid essentially necessary to the very commencement of the process of digestion, phosphorus, muriatic acid, lime and soda, enter as constituent ingredients. Azote may have been obtained from the air in respiration. We may, therefore, with great propriety, regard the decay and death of the animal, as originating in the want of these other elementary substances, rather than to the azote, the one to which they are referred by the author. If saliva could not be produced from such food, much less could blood, which, in addition to the elementary bodies now mentioned, contains magnesia, potash and iron. It is obvious, therefore, that in these experiments there were too many deranging causes operating, to permit a safe conclusion to be drawn from them.
In attending to the animal economy, in reference to the digestive system, it is interesting to observe the various means which are employed, in order to bring the food within the reach of the organs employed in deglutition. In man, the hand is extensively used for this purpose, and for which it is admirably adapted by the pliability of the fingers, and the opposition of the thumb in the act of grasping.
In some cases, the claws in which the toes terminate, by penetrating the substance of the object, retain it more securely. These claws are sometimes double on the same finger, and have their motions so arranged, that they seize the object like a pair of forceps.
In place of arms, protected or supported by hard articulated substances, many animals possess soft flexible threads of various thickness, termed tentacula. These encompass the objects used as food, and convey them to the mouth. Sometimes, for the more certain retention of the prey, these tentacula are armed with suckers, which adhere readily to any surface to which they are applied.
Some animals are furnished with a lengthened snout, for the purpose of turning up the ground in search of food, as the sow and mole. In the case of the elephant, the snout is so constructed at the extremity, as to grasp an object, and so flexible throughout, as to serve the purpose of tentacula.
These organs for seizing which have been enumerated, though, in general, situated in the anterior part of the body, in the neighbourhood of the mouth, do not enter into the composition of that opening. Those which follow, however, form constituent parts of that organ.
The margin of the mouth itself, termed the lips, is, in many cases, well adapted for the purpose of seizing objects. In some cases, they are capable of being protruded to some distance, and form a tubular proboscis; and being beset with teeth or prickles, retain possession more secure of the objects of their pursuit.
In some instances, the tongue is used as an instrument of seizure. In which case it is capable of being extended considerably beyond the margin of the mouth.
In many aquatic animals, a variety of means are employed, in order to produce currents in the water, to bring
the food which it contains more immediately in contact with the mouth. Tubes are used for this purpose among the mollusca, and circular moveable ciliæ in some of the infusory animalcula.
Where the food is soft, and easily broken or torn, and where the lips have sufficient strength, the mouth is easily filled with food. But where the animals are weak, or the portion of the food for mastication difficult to be separated, other means are provided than those to which we have already referred. The lips, as in the case of the mandibles of birds, are covered with a horny shell, admirably adapted for cutting off portions of food. Teeth placed in front, with sharp edges, are given to many quadrupeds for the same end; and are termed, from their use, cutting teeth.
By these various contrivances, the food is brought in contact with the mouth; and the requisite quantity separated from the mass. The cavity of the mouth, in the most perfect animals, is formed by the lips in front, the hard palate above, the soft palate behind, the tongue below, and the cheeks on each side. All these parts contribute to modify the motions of the food, while retained in the cavity. In some cases, the food, upon entering the mouth, is conveyed immediately into the gullet; while in many animals it is subjected to the process of mastication or chewing. For this purpose, the under jaw is indispensably necessary; and the motions of which it is susceptible indicate the kind of action which is performed. When the jaw is articulated in such a manner, that a vertical motion only is permitted, we may infer, that the food consists chiefly, if not exclusively, of flesh. If, on the other hand, the joint admits both of a vertical and horizontal motion, the food consists chiefly of vegetables. Between these two extremes there are many intermediate modifications, enabling certain animals to feed on both kinds of food. With each condition of
motion in the jaw, there are, likewise, in many cases, coexisting forms of teeth. In the jaw, with the vertical motion, the teeth are sharp or pointed on the summits, and they divide the food by the edges passing each other like scissars, or by the mutual opposition of the unequal surfaces. Where the jaw has an extensive motion, the surfaces of the teeth are flattened and grooved, and well adapted for triturating grain or herbs.
While the food is thus undergoing the process of mastication, it is necessary to change its position, in order to place all the parts under the action of the cutting surfaces of the teeth. In the accomplishment of this purpose, the cheeks render essential service, by bringing back the food which falls on the outside of the teeth. The tongue, however, is the instrument which chiefly serves to regulate the motions of the food in the mouth. Its delicate sense of touch and taste, fit it for ascertaining the changes which are taking place; while its flexibility enables it to turn the substances in every direction, and give to the whole the requisite preparation. Here we can discern three coexisting organs, where the food requires to be chewed: the jaws must perform certain motions; teeth are requisite; and a flexible tongue. Where chewing is not performed, the tongue neither possesses the same flexibility of motion, nor the same delicacy of feeling.
The food, while subjected to the process of mastication, is, at the same time, mixed with a peculiar fluid, termed saliva or spittle. This fluid is secreted by almost the whole internal surface of the mouth, and from the parotid, submaxillary and sublingual glands. Its chemical nature, as a whole, has been already noticed; but it remains to be ascertained, whether all these glands secrete the same kind of fluid, or each a liquor peculiar to itself. On
this subject, however, there are no satisfactory observations, neither is it determined, whether the saliva acts mechanically, merely, by assisting the teeth to reduce the food to a pulp, or whether it acts chemically, by aiding the conversion of the food into chyle.
After the food has thus been reduced to a pulpy mass, by the attrition of the teeth, and sufficiently mixed with saliva, it is fit to be conveyed to the stomach. Between the mouth and the stomach, however, in the more perfect animals, there intervene two cavities, the pharynx and the gullet. The former occupies the back part of the mouth, behind the base of the tongue and the soft palate, and the posterior openings of the nostrils. The windpipe and gullet open into it. By means of the tongue and cheeks, the food is thrust into this cavity, and at this time, its entrance into the nostrils is protected by the soft palate, and its suspended uvula. The opening into the windpipe is also closed by a valvular arrangement, and concealed by the base of the tongue and a cartilaginous valve, termed the epiglottis. The muscular structure of the walls of the pharynx propels its contents into the gullet or oesophagus.
In many animals, the mouth may be said to open immediately into the stomach. In the more perfect kinds, however, the gullet forms the intermediate connection, and consists of a tube, varying greatly in its dimensions, according to the species. Its external coat consists of longitudinal or transverse muscular fibres, which assist in propelling the food to the stomach; and within this is a layer of cellular substance, lined, on the interior, with a mucous membrane. The food is here still farther softened, by being mixed with the secretions of the gullet, and becomes prepared for entering the stomach, to experience still farther changes.
in the different tribes of animals, as to render a general description of its appearances and structure impracticable. In the human subject, and many other animals, it is in the form of a bag; simple in the interior, and furnished with two openings; the one, by which the contents of the gullet enter, being termed the cardia, and the other, which conveys these out of the stomach, the pylorus. The portion of the stomach next the cardia, is termed the cardiac portion, and the other the pyloric.
The food is mixed in the stomach with another animal fluid, termed the gastric juice. The glands in which this juice is prepared, vary greatly in form as well as position. In some cases they are simple; while in others they are botryoidal, or divided into lobes. They appear in some animals at the base of the gullet, in others at the cardia; while in many they appear to be confined to the pyloric portion. The nature of the fluid which is secreted, and its use in the process of digestion, have given rise to great differences of opinion. The impossibility of obtaining it in a pure state, has hitherto prevented any confidence being reposed in those experiments which have been attempted to determine its nature. Indeed, if we reflect on the different kinds of food employed by animals, we may expect to find the gastric juice varying in its nature, according to the substances with which it is destined to be mixed. The experiments of REAUMEUR, SPALLANZANI, and others, demonstrate its resolvent power. If grains of corn be put into a perforated tube, and forced into the stomach of a granivorous bird, no alteration will take; place, though suffered to remain a considerable time; but if the husks be removed, and the grains replaced in the tube, they will soon be reduced to a fluid mass. Bones are dissolved by the stomach of a dog; and it is no uncommon thing for sea-fowl to swallow a
fish too large for the stomach, so that a part remains in the gullet. That which is retained in the gullet continues unaltered; but the portion which has entered the stomach is very speedily reduced. Again, the gastric juice is well known to possess the power of coagulating milk, and of redissolving the coagulum. An antiseptic power was likewise ascribed to the gastric juice by SPALLANZANI. He states, that pieces of meat may be preserved a long time in this fluid, without undergoing putrefaction; and that putrid meat becomes sweet, after remaining a short time in the stomach of a dog. The existence of this antiseptic power has been recently called in question by M. MONTEGRE *, who found that the liquid, which he considers as gastric juice, is nearly similar to saliva, and putrefies as readily as that secretion, when kept in phials at the temperature of the human body. But it appears probable, that he operated on saliva only, or on saliva mixed with the mucous secretions of the gullet and stomach, as he obtained the subject of his experiments from his own stomach, after fasting, by means of vomiting; since it is not yet demonstrated, nor even rendered probable, that in the living system the gastric juice is secreted, unless when the stomach is distended with food.
In some cases, as among the ruminating quadrupeds, the stomach consists of several divisions. Into the first of these the food is conveyed as into a storehouse, to be afterwards thrown up in small quantities into the mouth, to be remasticated and transmitted to the true digesting stomach, in which only the gastric juice is to be found. The two first stomachs of the ox may be regarded as appendages of the gullet, and more connected with mastication and deglutition, than digestion. In other animals, as birds, the food is exposed in the stomach to a process of trituration
or pounding, performed by the strong muscular gizzard, assisted by stones which have been swallowed, and are retained on purpose. In other animals this trituration is accomplished by hard bony parts in the stomach, as among some of the crustacea. These expedients supply the deficiencies of imperfect mastication, and enable the gastric juice, and the other secretions, to become more intimately mixed with the food. What, then, are the changes which the food undergoes in the stomach ?
Without attempting to give a history of the opinions which have been advanced on this subject, and expressed by the terms Concoction, Putrefaction, Fermentation, Dissolution, and Maceration, let us attend to the phenomena. The food, after having been mixed with the saliva and gastric juice, and exposed to the heat and motion of the stomach, in a short time begins to exhibit changes in its mechanical properties. That some changes likewise take place of a chemical nature appears obvious, from the circumstance that an acid is produced. This has been considered by some as the phosphoric, by others as the acetic or carbonic acid. This much seems to be determined that it is a volatile acid; as its effects on litmus paper are temporary. But the mechanical effects are the most remarkable. The appearance of the food by degrees changes, and the whole is reduced to a somewhat uniform and pultaceous mass, termed chyme. This mechanical change takes place from the surface to the centre of the contents of the stomach; and by means of the movements of the organ, the reduced portion is withdrawn as it is prepared, and passes out at the pyloric opening of the stomach.
After all this preparation, we might expect that the nutritious portion should now be withdrawn and enter the system. But other changes are still necessary. The pylorus opens into the duodenum, which constitutes the com-
mencement of the intestinal canal. In this cavity the chyme is destined to be mixed with other secretions, before it be rendered fit to be taken up for the use of the circulation. These are the pancreatic juice and the bile.
The pancreas is a large conglomerate gland, bearing a very close resemblance in its texture and secretions to the salivary glands. In the different vertebral animals, it exhibits remarkable modifications of size, colour, consistence and form. It is destined to prepare the pancreatic juice. This liquor is collected in the gland by small radicles, which gradually unite, to form the excretory ducts. These last sometimes unite with the biliary ducts; in other instances they continue distinct, and pour their contents into the duodenum. In some animals the stomach itself receives the fluid. Sometimes there is but one opening, in other cases the ducts are as numerous as the lobes or the divisions of the gland. The excretion from the ducts is promoted by pressure and stimuli.
The nature of this juice has not been satisfactorily examined. It is, by some, considered as similar to the saliva; by others, as of the nature of the gastric juice. It likewise remains to be ascertained, what effeets are produced on the chyme by its presence, whether it acts chemically as a solvent, or, by assimilating it nearer to the nature of the blood, renders it more fit for being absorbed and mixed with that fluid. The other organ which is concerned in the process of chylification, is the
Liver.—This gland exists in all those animals which are furnished with a heart and circulating system. It varies greatly in form, size and subdivisons; but in all cases there is a very striking analogy in structure, colour and consistence. It receives an artery in the mammalia, termed the hepatic; and a vein which likewise terminates in its substance. This last circumstance is peculiar to this gland.
This vein is termed the vena portarum. It is formed from the union of the branches of nearly all the veins which arise from the abdominal viscera. Both these vessels spread then minute ramifications throughout the liver, and both their extreme divisions terminate in true veins. Whether, then, is the bile prepared from venous or arterial blood ? In the mammalia, it is probable that while the latter serves for the nourishment of the liver, the former furnishes the materials for the formation of the bile. The peculiar termination of the vein, its superior size, when compared with the artery, appear to countenance such an opinion. On the other hand, instances have occurred, in which this vein did not terminate in the liver; consequently, the bile must have been derived solely from the hepatic artery. But these extreme cases do not enable us to determine the nature of the different parts of the organ in a sound state; although they furnish us with interesting displays of the compensating power of nature.
The bile is collected in the liver by very minute delicate vessels, which, by their union, form the hepatic duct. Sometimes, instead of forming a single duct, the bile is conveyed by several canals to the stomach or intestine. In some cases, the hepatic duct conveys the bile directly to its destination; in other cases, a portion of it is diverted into a particular receptacle, termed the gall-bladder. The structure of the coats of this reservoir is similar to that of the stomach. In shape and size this bladder varies according to the species. The canal by which it is filled, and by which it is likewise emptied, is termed the cystic duct. The canal which is formed by the union of the hepatic and cystic ducts, has been denominated ductus communis choledochus.
Let us now attend to the nature of the bile itself; a fluid which has long occupied the attention of the physio-
logist and chemist. THENARD considers bile as consisting, besides the saline ingredients and water, of a yellow matter, of a resin, and a substance which he terms picromel, white, solid, and soluble in water and alcohol. BERZELIUS considers bile as consisting of water; a peculiar biliary matter, of the nature of albumen, and of mucus of the gall-bladder dissolved in the bile, together with alkalis and salts, common to all the secreted fluids. In this peculiar biliary matter BERZELIUS could not detect any azote.
That different animals should furnish bile with properties depending on the food which they consumed, and consequently dissimilar in its nature, was reasonably to be expected. THENARD found the matter which he describes as picromel, to be present both in some herbivorous and carnivorous animals; while in others he could not detect its presence.
When the chyme has become mixed with the pancreatic juice and the bile, it enters into that state in which a part of it is fit to be absorbed for the nourishment and support of the system, the remaining portion being thrown out as excrement.
The intestines have been divided by anatomists into the smaller and larger. The smaller intestines, in the more perfect animals, consist, first, of the duodenum, into which the food passes from the stomach, and receives the two secreted fluids which we have now mentioned, and in which the food is changed into two parts, a nutritive and a useless. This part of the intestine is larger in its dimensions than that which immediately follows, and which is termed the jejunum, from the circumstance of its empty collapsed appearance. The remaining portion, termed ilium, is the longest and most convoluted. During the passage of the food through the small intestines, the chyle is separated by the mouths of the absorbing lacteals. In order to expose the food to a
greater surface, and aid the action of the lacteals, the inner coat of the intestine is villous, and likewise covered with various rugæ, which have been termed valvulae conniventes. The villi possess a vascular structure, and, when destitute of chyle, have been compared to little loose pendulous bags. It is this villous coat, which, when there is a separation of the intestines into large and small, characterise the latter. In the duodenum and jejunum, the chyme acquires the nature of chyle, and in the ilium the separation is completely effected between it and the fæces. These last consist of the useless part of the food, coloured by the union of a part of the bile, which is never reabsorbed. When the lacteals have finished the absorbing process, the fæces now leave the portion of the intestine destined for digestion, and enter the larger intestines, which are storehouses, in which the useless part of the food is placed until it can be conveniently evacuated. The larger intestines are characterised by their superior dimensions and strength, but more particularly by the absence of the villous coat.
The larger intestines are divided into three parts, the cœcum, colon, and rectum. The upper extremity of the colon is closed, and as the ilium enters laterally and a little way from the end, the head of the colon consequently forms a blind gut or cœcum. Sometimes there is attached to this caput cœcum coli, another tubular appendage closed at its free extremity, termed appendix vermiformis. The orifice of the ilium where it enters the colon is furnished with folds, which probably regulate the quantity of matter discharged into the colon, and prevent regurgitation. These folds constitute what is termed valvula coli. When the fæces have undergone all the changes which are necessary in the colon, and traversed its tortuous cavity, they enter a portion of the intestine, which, from the straightness of its course, is termed the rectum, which opens externally by the anus.
The inner surface of the intestines is lubricated by a mucous secretion, and the progress of the contents is accomplished by the contraction of the muscular coats, occasioning what is termed the peristaltic motion of the intestines.
During the passage of the contents of the intestines, various gases may be detected in different parts. Oxygen, azote, and hydrogen appear, together with carbonic acid, and even traces of sulphur. These may in part be derived from the air swallowed along with the food, and from the decomposition of the drink; and it is probable that the action of the bile on the chyme may, in certain cases, aid their production. But neither the experiments of MAGENDIE and CHEVREUL on the intestinal gases of man, nor those of VAUQUELIN on the elephant, lead to any satisfactory results.
The general view of the digestive process, and of the organs which are employed, which has now been given, is applicable only to the higher orders of animals. In many species the stomach is merely a bag with one orifice, serving for the entrance and ejection of the food. Here no gastric, pancreatic, or biliary juices appear necessary. In other species, the alimentary canal is open at both its extremities, but exceeding simple throughout, so that there is some difficulty in distinguishing between the stomach and intestines. In all animals, there must exist digestive organs, but nature here exhibits such an astonishing variety of forms and structures, as to baffle all attempts at generalization. Very remarkable differences prevail in stomachs destined to receive the same kind of food, and a striking similarity sometimes prevails between stomachs destined to receive different kinds of food. These irregularities will again occupy our attention.
Before concluding the remarks on this part of the subject, it is necessary to take notice of some parts which are more
Spleen.—This organ is confined to the vertebral animals. In general it is single. In a few species, however, it is divided into several lobes. Its texture is vascular, consisting of a great assemblage of bloodvessels, united by a small quantity of cellular substance. It is covered externally by the peritoneum, beneath which there is another integument peculiar to it, which penetrates its substance along with the vessels. The arteries by which the spleen is supplied with blood, are, in general, branches from those of the stomach, and the veins in which these terminate, ultimately pour their contents into the liver. In position, the spleen is, in some cases, connected with the stomach; in others, more intimately related to the liver, but united to both by means of its bloodvessels.
The use of this organ in the animal economy remains to be ascertained. Though largely supplied with bloodvessels, it has no excretory duct, nor is its vascular, rather than glandular structure, favourable to the supposition that it is a secreting organ. Its lymphatic vessels are regarded by some as "nowise remarkable for their number or size*;" while others assert, that they "are both larger and more numerous than in any other organ †."
It seems to be generally admitted, that the blood of the splenic vein is more fluid, and coagulates with greater difficulty than the blood in the splenic artery. Therefore, some change must have taken place on the blood in the spleen. By this change, the blood is probably prepared for the use of the liver, to which it flows. When the spleen has been removed from a dog, the cystic bile has been
found pale and inert. These facts seem to warrant the conclusion, that the spleen is subservient to the functions of the liver, and probably supplies the deficiency of fluid which the branches of the vena portarum are unable to obtain from the abdominal viscera.
Sir EVERARD HOME at one time considered the spleen as the medium by which fluids, unnecessary for the process of digestion, were conveyed from the cardiac portion of the stomach, or into the system, or into the urine to be excreted. But, in subsequent experiments which he performed, coloured fluids injected into the stomach, reached the urine, even when the spleen had been previously extirpated, and even after a ligature prevented the contents of the thoracic duct from being poured into the circulating system. Although he adopted this opinion hastily, with a praiseworthy candour he frankly published the demonstration of his error*. I have said hastily, because the well known circumstances of quadrupeds which do not drink, possessing a spleen equal in size to those which swallow large quantities of fluid, and the attachment of this organ to the first stomach of ruminating quadrupeds, into which the drink does not enter, furnished objections of great weight.
The next organ in connection with the digestive system, is the Peritoneum. This membrane lines the walls of the abdomen, and insinuates itself among the intestines, forming various duplicatures, distinguished by appropriate names. It is composed of cellular tissue, and contains numerous bloodvessels and absorbents. Its free surface is kept constantly moist by an aqueous exhalation. It varies in thickness and tenacity in different animals; and although transparent or whitish among quadrupeds and birds, is found variously coloured in reptiles and fishes. Its obvious use is to protect the intestines from rubbing against one an-
other, and to retain them in their proper position. For this purpose, its duplicatures enclose all the digestive organs I have already enumerated; and, from their peculiar position and contents, appear to serve some other end in the animal economy.
The Omentum is the most remarkable of these duplicatures or processes, and belongs only to the mammalia. It arises from the peritoneal covering of the stomach, and forms a bag which hangs from the stomach and liver, the other end being free in the cavity of the abdomen. Where it is in connection with the liver, it has been termed omentum parvum or hepato-gastricum. The walls of this sac are remarkable for containing fatty bands, disposed in a reticulated form. The quantity of fat depends on the condition of the animal. It appears to be deposited here by the system, as a storehouse of nourishment, and is quickly absorbed when food is scantily supplied. The omentum likewise protects the intestines from friction against the walls of the abdomen; and, according to some, contributes to retain their heat.
The Mesentery, which exists in all the vertebral animals, is the duplicature of peritoneum which invests the intestines, unites them to one another, and to the abdomen, and which serves as a support to the nerves, vessels, and glands which belong to them. That portion which is more intimately connected with the smaller intestines, is considered more particularly as the mesentery, while other portions receive peculiar appellations, as Mesocolon, and Mesorectum, from the parts of the large guts with which they are united.
Although the digestive organs furnish important and highly useful characters, in the discrimination of the habits of the species of certain genera, they can seldom be employed with advantage to distinguish any divisions of a higher kind.
BY means of the digestive organs, the food is reduced to a pultaceous mass, and mixed with a variety of secreted fluids. In this state it is denominated Chyme; and, whether it owes its origin to vegetable or animal substances, exhibits, in its last condition, a chemical constitution nearly approaching that of blood, into which it is destined to be converted. In this stage of the process, however, it is necessary to effect a separation between that portion of the chyme which is fitted for the use of the system, and the other part, which is either superfluous or useless.
In giving an account of the circulating system, it is necessary that we attend to the state of the blood, and the fluids which enter into its formation, previous to its aeration; that we investigate the changes which it undergoes during this important process; and, lastly, consider the uses to which it is applied in what is considered its most perfect state.
The vessels in which the blood is collected previous to aeration, are with great propriety denominated Pulmonic, by Dr BARCLAY *. They have their origin in every part of the body, and terminate in the lungs, or other organs, in which respiration is performed.
The vessels which are destined to absorb the nutritious portion of the chyme, in the higher orders of animals, are termed Lacteals, from the milky appearance of the fluid which they contain, and which is denominated Chyle. These vessels take their rise in the villous coat of the intes-
tines, in the form of extremely minute radicles, which uniting, form the trunks in the coats of the intestines. These trunks afterwards pass through the mesentery, occasionally become much convoluted, and form glands, liberally supplied with bloodvessels, and ultimately terminate in the Thoracic Duct. This duct, the commencement of which is usually termed Receptaculum Chyli, has slender walls, and internal valves, and empties its contents into the subclavian vein. In many quadrupeds, birds, and reptiles, there are two ducts, one on each side; but neither the size nor proportion of the parts appear uniform, especially in domesticated animals.
With regard to the nature of the chyle itself, little satisfactory information has been obtained. When procured from the thoracic duct of quadrupeds, and allowed to rest, a coagulum speedily separates, which has been compared to fibrin, and the serous fluid which remains contains a considerable proportion of coagulable albumen. When the number of secreted fluids which are mixed with the food previous to the separation of the chyle is considered, we need not be surprised at the near approach which it makes in composition to the blood, into which it is about to be changed. But does it undergo no change from its entrance into the lacteals, at the villous surface of the intestine, until it is poured into the thoracic duct ?
Many physiologists are disposed to consider the mesenteric glands as destined to effect some change in the nature of the chyle, during the passage of the lacteals through them. This opinion has been supposed to receive considerable support from the observations of Mr ABERNETHY "on some particulars in the Anatomy of a Whale*." He found the mesenteric glands forming bags, on the inner
surface of which, numerous arteries terminated, and veins originated. The orifices of these last were open. While some of the lacteals terminated in these bags by numerous orifices; others formed merely a plexus on their walls, and passed on with their contents to the thoracic duct. What becomes of the chyle after it enters the bag? To this question there is no satisfactory answer given, although it appears probable that it passes directly into the surrounding open mouths of the veins.
Besides the lacteals, there is another class of absorbents, termed Lymphatics, whose contained fluid is a transparent lymph. The office of these vessels is to collect the superfluous fluids from every part of the body, and to bring them back again to the general circulation, either to be renovated, or thrown out of the system as useless. Hence it is that the lymphatics take their rise in the skin, in the mucous web immediately underneath the cuticle, in the integuments of all the viscera, or wherever there is a part subject to increase and diminution during life. The radicles of the lymphatics unite into trunks, which are furnished with valves. They frequently anastomose, and enter conglobate glands. They either empty their contents into the thoracic duct, or pass on to one of the subclavian veins, in which they terminate.
Mr ABERNETHY, in the paper quoted above, has found reason to conclude, that some of the conglobate glands of the lymphatics of the horse are mere bags: while others appear to have a cellular structure. These glands are liberally supplied with arteries and veins. The effects which they produce upon the lymph have not been determined, although it is probable they are similar to those of the mesenteric glands. Mr BRACY CLARK has found the trunk of the lymphatic system of the horse to have several openings into the lumbar veins.
The structure of the lacteal and lymphatic vessels is similar. They are composed of two coats, an internal and external, the former being thin and smooth, the latter fibrous. The extent of the absorbing power, however, is not the same in both. The lacteals appear to be incapable of absorbing any thing else but chyle. M. MAGENDI *, administered to a dog diluted alcohol during digestion; and, although he was able to detect its presence in the blood, yet in the chyle no traces of it could be perceived. The experiments of Sir E. HOME, already quoted, and which have been repeated by M. MAGENDI†, (in reference to the use of the spleen,) lead to the same results. The absorbing power of the lymphatics is not so limited. Dispersed throughout the whole body, and destined to absorb occasionally every substance of which it consists,—fat, bone, the watery part of the bile, urine, and fæces, when too long retained,—they are likewise capable of taking up a variety of foreign substances, when brought into contact with the orifices of their roots. It is owing to the action of the lymphatics, that alcohol, camphor, rhubarb, and a variety of other substances thrown into the stomach, which the lacteals do not absorb, and different substances rubbed on the skin, are conveyed into the system. Attempts have been made to establish the opinion, that absorption of foreign matter takes place independent of either lacteals or lymphatics, since the blood exhibits proofs of the entrance of such into the system, which are not afforded by the contents of the thoracic duct. But the connection which has been pointed out between the lacteal and lymphatic, vessels and the veins, independent of the thoracic duct, throws a considerable degree of doubt over the supposition.
The lacteals and lymphatics have been long known as the absorbents in the mammalia. HUNTER, HEWSON, and
MONRO, succeeded in demonstrating their existence in birds, reptiles, and fishes. Previous to these discoveries, the veins were supposed to perform the office of absorbents. In birds the chyle is transparent; so that the lacteals can only be distinguished from the lymphatics by their origin and office. There are no mesenteric glands. The lymphatics, however, possess numerous conglobate glands. The thoracic duct terminates in two branches. In reptiles, the thoracic duct is double as in birds, but neither the lacteals nor lymphatics appear to possess any glands. In the turtle these systems frequently unite, by anastomosing branches. In the crocodile, according to HEWSON, the chyle is white. In fishes, the absorbing system is equally simple as in reptiles; but the vessels have no valves. In the lower animals, as the mollusca and annulosa, the existence of lacteals or lymphatics has not been demonstrated. The veins are considered as officiating in their stead.
Besides the lacteals and lymphatics which we have now been considering, there is another class of vessels, termed VEINS, by means of which the pulmonic system completes its operations. These veins are connected by their radicles, with the extremities of the arteries, and probably also with the lymphatics. These radicles, by their union, form branches, which frequently anastomose. In the mammalia these branches unite into two trunks, termed venæ cavæ, and are either superior or inferior, according as they collect the blood from the atlantal or sacral extremities.
The structure of the veins has been investigated chiefly in the larger stems. The walls consist of three coats. The external one is composed of a dense cellular substance. The middle one is muscular, and consists of fibres, interwoven in all directions. The internal covering is very thin and smooth on its central surface. It assumes, in many places, the form of loose folds, which act the part of valves, in preventing the
retrograde motion of the blood. This inner coat is found in all the veins; but the external ones cannot be detected, where the vessels penetrate bone, or are otherwise protected.
In many animals, the blood appears to be conveyed directly to the aerating organs, by means of the veins, without the intervention of any other apparatus. In other cases, especially among the higher classes of animals, it has to pass through a muscular enlargement or bag, termed the HEART, by which its motion is accelerated.
The heart is inclosed in a membranaceous sac, termed the Pericardium, of dimensions somewhat larger than its greatest expansions. In the walls of this sac, fibres, passing in different directions, may be readily perceived. It is kept moist internally, by a serous fluid, consisting chiefly of water, with a little albumen, mucus, and muriate of soda.
In the mammalia and birds, the heart consists of four cavities. Two of these are connected with the pulmonic, and two with the systemic vessels. With the former our attention is at present occupied. The venæ cavæ empty their contents into what is termed the Pulmonic Auricle; or, in reference to its position in man, the Right Auricle. The blood passes directly from the auricle, by a valvular orifice, into the pulmonic or right ventricle, and from thence by a vessel termed the Pulmonary Artery, to the aerating organs. The structure of the auricle and ventricle exhibits a dense muscular substance, consisting of fibres intimately interwoven, and liberally supplied by bloodvessels and nerves, lined with a smooth membrane. Hence we may regard the heart merely as an enlargement of the veins, and its walls endowed with corresponding strength by the increase of the thickness of the muscular coat. The walls of the auricle are much thinner than those of the ventricle. The former bag has merely to convey the blood to the ventricle, while this
last, by a contractile movement, propels it at intervals through the pulmonic artery, to its remotest subdivisions. When the auricle relaxes, it receives the blood from the venæ cavæ; and, when it contracts, the ventricle relaxes to receive its contents. When the ventricle contracts, the blood is thrown into the artery, and suddenly enlarges its dimensions. These motions, which are sensible to the eye and touch, have been denominated the Pulsation, or beating of the heart and arteries; those vessels being termed Arteries into which the ventricles discharge themselves.
The number of pulsations of the heart, in a given time, varies according to the species, and in the same individual, according to circumstances connected with food, exercise, or the state of the mind. The same individual, likewise, exhibits remarkable variations in this respect, according to age*.
Climate, likewise, is supposed to exercise a considerable influence on the frequency of the pulsations, their number being greatest in warm climates.
Before proceeding to consider the aeration of the blood, it is necessary to make some inquiry into its mechanical structure, and chemical constitution. When blood, newly taken from an animal, is sufficiently diluted, and placed on the stage of the microscope, it is observed to consist of a
* BLUMENBACH found the pulsations of the heart of a new born infant, while placidly sleeping, amount to 140 in a minute.
transparent, nearly colourless fluid, surrounding particles of a denser substance, and highly coloured. The enveloping fluid is called Serum, and the bodies which are suspended in it the Particles, or Globules of the blood.
A great difference of opinion has prevailed among naturalists, with regard to the form and structure of the coloured particles of the blood. Although making use of the same kind of instrument, and professing to abide by the evidence of the senses, their statements exhibit very remarkable differences. ADAMS considered them as ramified, and resembling the branches of a tree *. Father DI TORRE, with a spherical lens, which magnified 512 diameters, regarded them as oblate spheroids, much compressed, with the middle part much darker than the margin. With a magnifying power of 1280 diameters, he considered them as perforated in the centre, and the surrounding ring as composed of joints from two to seven in number †. This jointed annular structure had been remarked half a century before, by LEEUEN-HOEK, and a figure of the appearance given ‡. HEWSON, who appears to have conducted his observations with caution, and used lenses which magnified the diameter of objects from 184 to 1280 times, considered the particles of blood to be "as flat as a guinea." The dark spot in the middle, which other observers had perceived, he considered "as a solid particle contained in a flat vesicle, whose mid-
* "Human blood is so far from shewing any Red Globules swimming in Serum, that immediately after its Emission, it appears to be a Body of infinite Branches, running in no certain order, variously coloured: where it lies thickest on the glass, it's of a Red, where thin, inclining to Yellow; but the whole so blended, as to represent, very near, the top of a Yew-tree in a very fine landskip, having its supposed Branches of a Red and Yellow confusedly intermixt."—Phil. Trans, vol. xxvii. p. 26.
dle only it fills, and whose edges are hollow, and either empty, or filled with a subtile fluid *."The form of the particles in some animals, he found to be oval, as LEEUEN-HOEK. had previously observed, and in others circular. YOUNG admits, that "their axis is sometimes not more than one-third or one-fourth of their greatest diameter," and that they resemble a soft substance with a denser nucleus, not altogether unlike the crystalline lens, together with the vitreous humour, as seen from behind †." AMICI has found them of two kinds, both with angular margins; but, in the one, the centre is depressed on both sides; while, in the other, it is elevated ‡.
Independent of these discrepancies in the results of different observers, it appears to be the general opinion at present, that the particles of the blood consist of a dense nucleus, surrounded by a film of matter of less consistence; and that the particles of the blood of some animals, as man, are circular; while, in others, as the skate, they are oval.
The size of these particles of the blood has not been satisfactorily determined, as considerable difference prevails in the result of their measurement, even when the blood of the same animal has been subjected to the micrometer by different observers. The measurements of KATER, WOLLASTON, YOUNG, and BAUER, give the diameter of each particle a range from 1/1700th part of an inch, to 1/6000th. From the testimony of several observers, it appears, that, in the same blood, the particles are not all of equal size, and that the particles of the blood of different animals exhibit different magnitudes. In this last case, there is no proportion
║ Mr HEWSON has given figures of the particles of the blood in a variety of different animals, in Phil. Trans. lxiii. tab. xii.
observed between the size of these particles, and that of the body of the animal. The particles of human blood are larger than those of the ox; while those of the ox are only equal to those of the mouse. Age appears to exercise some influence on their size. Mr HEWSON found in a chicken, on the sixth day of incubation, the particles larger than in a full grown hen; and also larger in the blood of a very young viper than in that of its mother, out of whose belly it was taken. He could not, however, detect any difference in size between those of a child at its birth, and those of an adult person *.
Every one is acquainted with the red colour of the blood of the vertebral animals. The colouring matter is not equally diffused, but adheres to the particles, which it surrounds with a thin film. Mr BAUER found an entire particle to be 1/1700th part of an inch in diameter, but when deprived of its colouring matter, only 1/2000th part. While the blood of some animals, as all the vertebrosa, is uniformly of a red colour; in many other animals it exhibits a different shade. Among the crustaceous animals, as the lobster and shrimp, it is white; while, among some insects, as the grasshopper and white caterpillar, it is green †.
When blood, newly drawn from an animal, is allowed to rest, it thickens, and spontaneously separates into two parts, a pale coloured fluid termed Serum, and a denser coagulum, termed Clot, Cruor, or Crassamentum. The serum is the fluid basis of the blood; the clot is formed from the floating particles; and hence the difference of colour and consistence exhibited by the two portions.
During the act of coagulation, a sensible quantity of heat is evolved, amounting to about 6° Fahr. This appears
to have been first stated by FOURCROY, and afterwards established by the author of the article Blood, in REE'S Cyclopædia, and by the late Dr GORDON of Edinburgh*.
Previous to coagulation, if the atmospheric pressure be removed from the blood in an air-pump, a considerable quantity of air bubbles is disengaged, as was first clearly established by the experiment of DARWIN†. VOGEL determined this air to be carbonic acid‡; and BRANDE found that two cubic inches were disengaged from every ounce of blood, and that the quantity was the same in arterial and venous blood. Even during spontaneous coagulation, Mr BAUER found the blood, when confined in a glass tube, to give out a considerable quantity of carbonic acid §. It appears, likewise; from his observations, in company with Sir EVERARD HOME, that when a drop of blood is placed on a watch-glass, in the field of a microscope, the following changes may be perceived. "The first thirg," (he says,) "that happened, was the formation of a film on the surface, that part beginning to coagulate sooner than the rest. In about five minutes, something was seen to be disengaged in different parts of the coagulum, beginning to shew itself where the greatest number of globules were collected; and, from thence, passing in every direction, with considerable rapidity, through the serum, but not at all interfering with the globules themselves, which had all discharged their colouring matter; wherever this extricated matter was carried, a net-work immediately formed, anastomosing with itself, on every side, through every part of the coagulum¶."
Are we to conclude from these statements, that carbonic acid exists in a gaseous state in the blood ? The experi-
ments of DARWIN, already alluded to, demonstrate, that there is no air in the blood while confined in the proper vessels, and render it probable that the air which appears, when the blood is placed under the exhausted receiver of an air-pump, has been mixed with the blood upon leaving the vessels and passing through the atmosphere *.
Chemical Constitution.—The serum from which the clot has been removed, is more fluid than the blood itself, but retains its taste and smell. It is slightly alkaline, and consequently renders vegetable blues green. When heated to the temperature of about 160°, it coagulates, and if this coagulum be cut into thin slices, a fluid oozes out, which is termed Serosity. The coagulum has all the properties of coagulated albumen. The serosity still contains a considerable portion of albumen, whose properties are much modified by the salts with which it is combined. The following are the contents of the serum, as stated by different chemists:—
* The following, among many of his experiments, may be quoted:— "A part of the jugular vein of a sheep, with the blood in it, was included between two strict ligatures, during the animal's being alive; and, being cut out with the ligatures, was immediately put into a glass of warm water, and placed in the receiver of an air-pump. It sunk to the bottom of the water, and would not rise when the air was diligently exhausted. It was then wiped dry, and laid on the brass floor of the receiver, and the air again exhausted; but there was not the least visible expansion of the vein, or its contents." —Phil. Trans. 1774, p. 345. Similar experiments, with the same results, were repeated on the blood in the vena cava inferior of a large swine.
When the coagulated serum is heated in a silver vessel, the surface of the metal is blackened, being converted into sulphuret. This is the proof brought forward, that the serum contains sulphur; but the previous demonstration of the existence of albumen rendered it unnecessary, since into that substance sulphur appears to enter as an ingredient of its constitution.
Clot.—The clot, or crassamentum, as we have already stated, consists of the coloured particles which were suspended in the serum, and with which a portion is still mechanically mixed. If upon the clot, (in a great measure freed from the serum, by cutting it into thin slices, and pressing it upon blotting paper,) cold water be poured, the colouring matter is removed, and the portion which remains exhibits the properties of fibrin.
The colouring matter is not dissolved by the water, but merely mechanically suspended, and gradually subsides when allowed to rest. When thus mechanically diffused, the colouring matter coagulates by heat, and may readily be obtained upon a filter. This matter appears to be a substance intermediate between fibrin and coagulated albumen, but distinguishable from both, by the colour which it retains, and the salts which it yields by incineration*.
LEMERY, and several of the earlier chemists, discovered iron in the blood. SAGE and GREEN considered that it existed in combination with phosphoric acid. FOURCROY
* BERZELIUS found that 400 grains of colouring matter, when burnt, yielded 5 grains of ashes, composed of
and VAUQUELIN regarded it in the state of a sub-phosphate, and as giving colour to red blood. This opinion was, for a considerable time, servilely embraced by chemists, but is now as generally abandoned. It was first successfully attacked by Dr WELLS, in his "Observations and Experiments on the Colour of Blood *." Subsequent experimenters have fully confirmed his views, particularly BERZELIUS †, BRANDE, and latterly VANQUELIN ‡, and have greatly extended our knowledge of the habitudes of this substance with acids and alkalis. Mr BRANDE has even succeeded in dying cloth with it, but he found considerable difficulty in fixing the colour. The most effectual mordants he discovered, were the nitrate and oxymuriate of mercury §. No experiments have hitherto been performed on the colouring matter, or mechanical or chemical
* As his remarks have not attracted the attention they deserve, I shall here state his arguments in his own words:—
" 1. I know of no colour, arising from a metal, which can be pemanently destroyed by exposing its subject, in a close vessel, to a heat less than boiling water. But this happens with respect to the colour of the blood.
2. If the colour from a metal, in any substance, be destroyed by an alkali, it may be restored by the immediate addition of an acid; and the like will happen from the addition of a proper quantity of alkali, if the colour has been destroyed by an acid. The colour of the blood, on the contrary, when once destroyed, either by an acid or an alkali, can never be brought back.
3. If iron be the cause of the red colour in blood, it must exist there in a saline state, since the red matter is soluble in water. The substances, therefore, which detect almost the smallest quantity of iron in such a state, ought likewise to demonstrate its presence in blood; but, upon adding Prusian alkali, and an infusion of galls, to a very saturate solution of the red matter, I could not observe, in the former case, the slightest blue precipitate; or, in the latter, that the mixture had acquired the least blue or purple tint." —Phil. Trans. vol. lxxxvii, p. 429.
constitution of the white blood of the inferior animals. In nearly all the experiments which have been performed on the blood, that fluid has been obtained from man, or the more common domestic quadrupeds.
We have already stated the necessity of a constant supply of atmospheric air to the continuance of the life of organised beings. We are here to consider this supply in connection with the circulation of the vital fluid.
The aerating organs of animals may be divided into two kinds, Lungs (Pulmones). and Gills (Bronchiæ), both destined to accomplish the same end. The lungs are suited for bringing free air into contact with the blood, and therefore belong to those animals which have their residence on the land. The gills are calculated to separate air from water, with which it is always united, and bring it in contact with the blood, and belong therefore to those animals which reside in the sea or in fresh water. It is to be observed, however, that many animals which reside in the water, breathe by means of lungs, and are obliged, at intervals, to come to the surface to respire, such as whales; but there are no animals which reside on the land and are furnished with gills which are obliged to return to the water to respire.
Whether the aerating organs be lungs or gills, it appears to be the object of nature in their construction to expose a large surface to the contact of the air. This object is accomplished by their division into numerous cells and leaf-like processes, or by their extension on the walls of cavities, or the surface of pectinated ridges. The blood brought to these organs by the pulmonic vessels, is there distributed by their terminating branches. Although still retained in vessels, it can nevertheless be easily acted upon by the
air on the exterior. PRIESTLEY found the colour of blood changed by the air, when enclosed in a moistened bladder, and the same effect was observed by HUNTER, when it was covered with goldbeaters' skin. Need we be surprised, then, at the air having the necessary access to the blood in the lungs or gills, since these organs have been constructed for the particular purpose?
In those animals which possess cellular lungs, and which belong chiefly to quadrupeds and birds, the air is conveyed to them by means of a tube, termed the Windpipe, Trachea or Aspera arteria; This tube is composed of annular cartilages, united by a ligamentous elastic substance. On its peripheral surface, it is invested with a strong membrane, consisting of very distinct longitudinal fibres. The central surface is covered with a thin, delicate, extremely irritable membrane, which is kept continually moist by a mucous liquor which exhales from it.
Where the windpipe terminates in the lungs, it subdivides into two or more branches, termed Bronchia, which, by farther subdivision, at last temninate in the larger, and these again in the smaller cells of the lungs.
The upper extremity of the windpipe, or glottis, terminates in the pharynx by a peculiar arrangement of cartilages, denominated the Larynx. These are moveable, and connected together by membranes, which suffer them to vary their position. The summit of the windpipe ends in a broad annular cartilage, termed the Cricoid, on which the others rest. Immediately above this, on the lateral and sternal sides, is the broad angular cartilage, termed the Thyroid, or Pomum Adami, Adam's Apple, from an absurd allusion to the first transgression of our first parent. Two processes, termed horns, connect this cartilage with the bones of the tongue.
On the dorsal side of the thyroid cartilage, are two other cartilages, termed Arytenoid. To the side of each of these cartilages, and joined to the internal angle of the thyroid, there is attached a broad fibrous band, which forms the margin of the opening into the windpipe or rima glottidis.
This singular structure of the larynx is not necessary to respiration, but is subservient to the purposes of voice or speech. The air that is expelled from the lungs being acted upon by the variations in the form and tension of the rima glottidis, produces those various sounds by which different species are distinguished. The precise manner in which these sounds are formed, does not appear to be established. By different authors it has been compared to a drum, a violin, a flute, and an eolian harp.
Several glandular bodies are connected with the larynx, whose functions have not yet been satisfactorily explained. The largest of these is the thyroid gland, so called, because it is in part situated on the thyroid cartilage. It consists of two lobes, which descend on each side the windpipe. Two glands are likewise seated at the base of the arytenoid cartilages, which appear to secrete the fluid with which the inner surface of the larynx is moistened. Another glandular body at the root of the epiglottis, appears to secrete a fatty substance.
In consequence of the liberal supply of serous fluid to the surface of the larynx and windpipe, and, we may add, the cells of the lungs, the air which is returned from the lungs is always found to be loaded with moisture. In man, the quantity given out during twenty-four hours has been rated by some as low as six ounces, and by others as high as twenty.
In order to ascertain the changes which the blood undergoes when thus exposed to the influence of the air, it will
In man, regarding whose respiration the greatest number of experiments have been performed, it has been observed, that the air which is alternately inspired and ejected, becomes unfit for future use; and is likewise rendered incapable of supporting combustion. The analysis of this altered air indicates the change to have taken place in its oxygenous portion*. A part thereof has disappeared, and an equal bulk of carbonic acid is found occupying its place. The quantity of oxygen in this carbonic acid is equal to that which has been abstracted from the air. In this case, either carbonic acid escapes from the blood, and an equivalent bulk of oxygen is absorbed; or, the blood furnishes the carbon only, with which the oxygen of the air unites. The former supposition was long countenanced by chemists; the latter is at present the prevailing opinion. In the adoption of the former, many difficulties present themselves. There is no apparent cause to produce the expulsion of the carbonic acid, as there is no substance in the blood with which it could be combined, and from which it could so easily escape; neither is there the slightest reason to suppose, that it could be displaced by the same bulk of oxygen, since these two gases have very different combining values. But when it is considered, that, in all cases where carbon unites with oxygen, the carbonic acid produced is equal in bulk to the oxygen consumed, we are
* There is no reason to believe that any change is produced on the azote. In some experiments on the respiration of fishes, by HUMBOLDT and PROVENÇAL, a loss of azote was indicated. But the sources of error in performing such experiments are so many, and the results which were obtained differ so much from one another, that no confidence can be placed in the conclusions which have been drawn from them.
led to adopt the second opinion, and to conclude, that, in the process of aeration, the blood parts with a portion of carbon, and that its carbon combines with the oxygen of the air inspired, and passes into the state of carbonic acid. The changes which the blood itself undergoes, support the conclusion.
In man and the red-blooded animals, the pulmonic or venous blood changes its colour in the lungs, and passes from a dark to a florid red. That this effect is produced by the formation of the carbonic acid, is demonstrated from the circumstance, that pulmonic blood exposed to the air of the atmosphere acquires the florid colour, that part of its oxygen disappears, and an equivalent bulk of carbonic acid occupies its place. When the blood is exposed to azotic gas, no change takes place, but when oxygen is substituted, the red colour appears, a portion of the gas is consumed, and a similar quantity of carbonic acid formed.
But not only is the colour of the blood changed, but likewise its density. The specific gravity of venous blood obtained from a sheep, was found, by Dr JOHN DAVY, to be 1051, while the aerated or arterial blood was 1049. It would perhaps be rash to found any reasoning with regard to the proof that carbon is emitted, from this change of density in the blood, owing to the insufficiency of the experiments which have been performed, to serve as standards of comparison; at the same time, it would be easy to determine the difference in density between the venous and aerated blood, if the change consists merely in the emission of carbonic acid, and the absorption of a corresponding bulk of oxygen.
Besides the change of colour and density experienced by the blood in the process of aeration, an alteration likewise takes place it its specific heat. Dr CRAWFORD found the specific heat of venous blood (water l.000) to be 0.8928,
while aerated blood was 1.0300. This circumstance was considered as furnishing a strong support to a theory of animal heat, long in vogue, and which we shall notice afterwards Dr JOHN DAVY, however, in the course of his experiments, obtained results which differed from the foregoing. He found the specific heat of venous blood to be 0.903, while that of aerated blood was 0.913. Both these results indicate a diminution in the specific heat to have taken place. It may be proper, however, to state, that it is very difficult, if not impracticable, to obtain accurate results in such attempts. Whether the blood is poured into an equal bulk of another fluid, whose specific heat is known, for the purpose of ascertaining the resulting temperature of the mixture, or its rate of cooling be employed, there are changes which begin to take place in its constitution from the moment it leaves the bloodvessels, which must affect the accuracy of the comparison. The experiments of DARWIN, already quoted, prove, that the blood is altered in the course of flowing through the air from the veins into the cup in which it is received.
The quantity of oxygen consumed by animals in a given time, is variable, not only in regard to species and individuals, but in the same individuals in different circumstances. In man, the quantity of oxygen consumed in a minute, has been differently rated by chemists. ALLEN and PEPYS found it to be 26.6 cubic inches in a minute, DAVY 31.6, and MURRAY 36. The quantity, however, is found to vary under the following states of the system.
Muscular exertion appears to increase the consumption of oxygen, according to SEGUIN, nearly fourfold beyond the usual quantity. Dr PROUT*, who has examined this
subject with great attention, was led from his experiments to conclude, that moderate exercise increased the consumption of oxygen, but if continued so as to induce fatigue, it occasioned diminution. The exhilarating passions appear likewise to increase the quantity, probably by exciting muscular action. On the other hand, the depressing passions and sleep, alcohol*, and tea, diminish the quantity.
Dr PROUT likewise found, that the quantity of oxygen consumed, is not uniformly the same during the twenty-four hours; but is always greater at one and the same part of the day than at any other. He determined, that its maximum occurs between 10. a. m. and 2. p. m., or generally between 11. a. m. and 1. p. m., and that its minimum commences about 8h 30′ p. m., and continues nearly uniform till about 3h 30′ a. m. He is inclined "to believe, that the presence and absence of the sun alone regulate these variations." Here it may be observed, that in diurnal animals, the forenoon, during which it appears that the consumption of oxygen is at its maximum, is the period of activity or muscular exertion; while in the afternoon, in which the con-
* Dr PROUT found that "alcohol, in every state and in every quantity, uniformly lessens, in a greater or less degree, the quantity of carbonic acid elicited, according to the quantity and circumstances under which it is taken." This result is certainly the reverse of what might have been expected, considering the temporary exhilarating effects of spirituous liquors. That the quantity should be found diminished, after the exhilarating effects of the alcohol had ceased, and the consequent depression had taken place was precisely what might have been expected, and which the experiments of Dr FIFE realize. "On the 8th of June, (says Dr FIFE) a much greater quantity of wine than usual was taken, and the next day the quantity of carbonic acid was repeatedly found as low as above stated, (5.75 per cent.) On making the experiment again with less wine, the quantity of carbonic acid was considerably reduced, though not so much as before," (only between 2 and 3 per cent.) ib, iv. 335. This diminished state certainly indicates a previous excess. The apparent discordance of the results of these experimenters probably arises from peculiarities of habit or constitution.
sumption of oxygen diminishes, the body begins to experience fatigue. With the nocturnal animals, this arrangement is probably reversed, to correspond with their season of activity.
The influence of temperature in increasing or diminishing the consumption of oxygen is likewise considerable. CRAWFORD found that a Guinea-pig confined in air at the temperature of 55°, consumed double the quantity which it did, when placed in air at 104°. He likewise found, in such cases, that the venous blood, when the body was exposed to a high temperature, had not its usual dark colour; but, by its florid hue, indicated that no change had taken place in its constitution, in the course of circulation. When the temperature of warm-blooded animals is greatly augmented, exertion becomes laborious, a great degree of lassitude is speedily induced, and a condition of the system is produced, similar to that which follows great muscular efforts. In the cold-blooded animals, on the other hand, whose exertions are so much under the influence of temperature, that they become torpid when cooled below a certain degree, the effect of a moderate degree of heat will be to increase muscular action, and a corresponding consumption of oxygen. The experiments of SPALLANZANI and others, are in conformity with such suppositions.
Upon a review of the different circumstances which have been stated, as influencing the consumption of oxygen, it appears obvious, that it keeps pace with the degree of muscular action, and is dependent upon it, consequently, a state of increased consumption is always followed by an equally great decrease, in the same manner as activity is followed by fatigue. Yawning and drowsiness indicate muscular exhaustion, and they likewise indicate a decreased consumption of oxygen.
This consumption of oxygen is the index of the quantity of carbon which is thrown out by the system. In man.
it amounts nearly to half an ounce every hour. Experiments are still wanting to determine the relation of the quantity to the bulk of the animal, or the amount of the food which is consumed.
It now remains that we trace the progress of the aerated blood in the Systemic vessels to its final destination. The radicles of the systemic vessels take their rise in the aerating organs, and receive from the terminating twigs of the pulmonic vessels, the blood which has parted with its carbon, and suffered the changes consequent upon the separation of the superfluous portion of that ingredient. These radicles unite into branches, and either transmit the blood directly to the different parts of the body, or suffer muscular enlargements, forming a systemic heart. In quadrupeds, the aerated blood is collected from the lungs by the radicles of the systemic veins: these, by their union, form four trunks, which proceed to their common sinus, and, through it, pour their contents into the systemic or left auricle. The blood now enters the systemic ventricle, and, by means of its contractions, is sent into the systemic artery or Aorta, of which it may be considered as an expansion. Through the subdivisions of the aorta, the blood is conveyed to all the parts of the body.
The structure of the systemic heart is similar to that of the pulmonic, with this difference, that its walls are much stronger, and, consequently, are fitted for exerting the requisite force in order to propel the blood through the arteries to the remotest parts of the system *.
* It appears probable, that the arteries themselves, by the contraction of their coats, serve to promote the circulation of the blood, and that these contractions depend on the nerves with which they are supplied. See a paper by Sir E. HOME, "On the Influence of the Nerves upon the Action of the Arteries." Phil. Trans. 1814, p. 583.
Although these two hearts, the pulmonic and systemic, are united in quadrupeds and birds, it is otherwise with many genera of molluscous animals, in which they are removed to a considerable distance from each other, and exhibit apart the functions of the two systems of circulating vessels.
The arteries observe usually a very tortuous course. In dividing into branches, there may, in general, be observed, the continuation of a principal stem. These branches frequently communicate with each other, or anastomose. The number of branches, or the quantity of blood which they convey to any particular part, may be considered as proportional to the quantity of action which it performs, whatever be the structure of the organ. Mr CARLISLE* has observed, that in the limbs of slow moving quadrupeds, the trunk of the artery subdivides into a number of parallel branches, the sum of whose areas is much greater than the trunk from which they have proceeded. By this arrangement, the rapidity of the circulation must be diminished, probably to make it correspond with the slow but continued exertion of the muscles, to which such parallel arteries are distributed.
The arteries terminate in those minute twigs which have been termed capillary vessels. In these, the blood flows in such minute quantity, and their coats are so thin and transparent, that they appear colourless. These capillary vessels open into the extremities or radicles of the vein, so as to form a continuous circulation. This, however, is not universally the case. For these capillaries, in some cases, open into cavities, into which they pour a watery liquor. When exercising this function, of whose mechanical or chemical arrangements we know nothing, they have been
termed exhaling or secerning vessels. In other cases, they terminate in glands, whose office it is to separate some ingredients from the blood, for the benefit of the system, or to be thrown out as useless. It is in these terminating twigs of the arteries or the capillary vessels, that the changes take place in the blood, by which its qualities are altered, and it passes into venous blood.
In the process of digestion, the food is mixed with a variety of secreted fluids, by which it is gradually prepared for the action of the absorbing vessels or lacteals. These separate the nutritious portion, and convey it to a particular receptacle. Another set of absorbents, the lymphatics, take up all the substances which have been ejected from the circulation, and which are no longer necessary in the particular organs, and communicate their contents to the store already provided by the lacteals. The veins receive the altered blood from the extremities of the arteries, or the glands in which they terminate and proceed with it towards the lungs to be again aerated. In their progress, they obtain the collected fluid of the other absorbents, and, in the lungs, again prepare the whole for the use of the system. Thus, during the continuance of life, the arteries supply the materials by which the system is invigorated and enlarged, and oppose that tendency to decay, produced by the influence of external objects. The process continues during the whole of life, new matter is daily added, while part of the old and useless is abstracted. The addition is greatest in early life, the abstraction is greatest in old age.
This continued system of addition and abstraction has led some to conclude, that a change in the corporeal identity of the body takes place repeatedly during the continuance of life, that none of the particles of which it consisted in youth, remain in its composition in old age. Some have considered the change effected every three, others every seven
years. This opinion, however, is rendered doubtful by many well known facts. Letters marked on the skin by a variety of substances, frequently last for life. There are some diseases, such as small-pox and measles, of which the constitution is only once susceptible; but it is observed to be liable to the attack of these diseases, at every period of human life.
WE have been induced to add this section as an appendix to our observations on circulation, from the persuasion, that the urine is an excrementitious fluid separated from the blood. The glands which are employed for this purpose, are termed kidneys.
These organs, as they exist in quadrupeds, are two in number, one on each side of the spine, at the upper part of the loins. Each kidney is made up of numerous lobes, which are more or less intimately united according to the species. They are situated behind the peritonæum, and surrounded by a peculiar vascular membrane. They consist of two parts, an exterior, termed cortex, and an interior medulla. In the cortical part, the urine is secreted, it then enters into conical shaped bodies in the medullary part. These cones have their base towards the surface of the kidney, and their apex towards the concavity of its central side. They consist of hollow tubes, which convey the urine into the great cavity of the kidney, termed its pelvis. From this pelvis or receptacle, a tubular irregular vessel, termed the ureter, conveys the urine to the bladder. The kidneys are supplied with blood from the aorta. The veins return it to the vena cava inferior. Their nervous energy is derived from the great sympathetic nerve.
The bladder consists principally of two coats. The external is muscular, and consists of fibres which are variously decussated. The internal is a serous membrane, which
secretes a lubricating fluid, to protect the organ from the action of the contained fluid. The ureters enter the bladder towards its mouth on the dorsal side, passing through its coats in an indirect and tortuous manner. The bladder itself is retained in its place, partly by the folds of the peritoneum, and partly by its own ligaments, These either arise from the neck of the bladder, and are attached to the pubis, or from its fundus, constituting the urachus. The urine, at stated intervals, is expelled from the bladder, through a canal termed the urethra, which accompanies the reproductive organs.
The modifications of this system in the inferior classes of animals, are numerous. In none of them do the kidneys in their structure appear to consist of two parts. The ureters, while they pour their contents into a bladder of urine, in some reptiles and fishes, do not, in others, terminate in any common re ceptacle. In birds, in general, and many reptiles and fishes, the urine, before expulsion from the body, is mixed with the excrement, while in many fishes, it either passes out by a peculiar opening, or in a common passage with the melt or spawn. Nothing analogous to urinary organs has yet been detected in the mollusca or annulose animals, although in the dung of the caterpillars of several insects, traces of the peculiar principle of urine, or urea, have been detected.
There is a singular compound body adhering to the upper part of the kidney in quadrupeds, termed the renal gland, whose use is unknown. It is of a yellowish colour and firm consistence, and frequently contains a cavity filled with a dark serous fluid. In the fœtus, it is equal in size to the kidneys, but in the adult, it is about one-fifth less.
The urine itself has been repeatedly examined by different chemists, and a variety of products obtained from its
analysts. The colour of urine is usually a pale yellow, and its specific gravity rather higher than water. It has a peculiar odour. When first discharged, it is sensibly acid, readily reddening vegetable blues, but in a short time it suffers decomposition, ammonia is evolved, the excess of acid is neutralised, and alkaline properties predominate. Such is the case with the urine of man and many quadrupeds, but VAUQUELIN found that of the lion and tiger alkaline, owing to the excess of ammonia*. It is not determined which of the acids existing in urine, are in an uncombined state,—the uric, phosphoric, acetic, lactic, and carbonic acids having been successively referred to, as occasioning the change in vegetable blues †.
* BERZELEUS lays it down as a rule, (Annals of Phil. ii. 206,) that all the excreted fluids, such as urine, are acid. The alkaline nature of the urine of the lion and tiger, however, furnish a striking exception.
the same ingredients are found as in that of man. In all, urea exists, but the nature and proportion of the acids, alkalis, and earths which are present, are somewhat different. Thus, in the gramenivorous animals, there is no uric acid, while the benzoic acid is present in such quantity, as to allow of its being extracted for commercial purposes. The phosphoric acid and its combinations, are likewise absent in the urine of many quadrupeds.
Urea, and uric acid, appear therefore to be substances peculiar to urine, and as they have not been detected ready formed in the blood, it appears reasonable to conclude, that they are produced by the kidneys.
The contents of the urine in the same individual, appear to differ with age, food, or disease. In infants, there is no phosphoric acid, and but feeble traces of uric acid; while in adults, both uric acid and earthy phosphats abound. A variety of substances, such as nitre, alkalis, carbonic acid, rhubarb, or madder, when taken into the stomach, communicate their sensible qualities to the urine in a very remarkable manner, leading some to believe, that there is a passage for fluids from the stomach to the kidneys, independent of the ordinary course of circulation.
But, the most singular changes which take place in urine are effected by disease. In diabetes, the quantity is increased in a great degree, as well as its density. The proportion of urea his diminished to such an extent, that it can with difficulty be detected, while sugar occupies its place in abundance. These two substances contain the same elements, but in different proportions. While the hydrogen of the urea remains the same, its azote disappears, and the quantity of carbon and oxygen being doubled, produces the sugar. Mr Rose has likewise remarked the absence of urea in the urine of patients, labouring under chronic and
acute inflammations of the liver.* During jaundice, the presence of bile may be detected in the urine.
In some cases of the disease called suppression of urine, the body is relieved from this excrementitious liquid by means of perspiration. Dr DAWSON mentions the case of a young woman, in which the urine was conveyed out of the system by spontaneous vomitings. "She vomited sometimes every day, and sometimes only every third or fourth day; and though these vomitings usually came on presently after dinner, yet what she vomited seemed to be mere urine, without any thing which she had eaten mixed with it †."
Some notice ought here to be taken of urinary calculi. These are found both in the kidneys and in the bladder. They consist of concretions of one or more of the ingredients of urine, and exhibit considerable variety of structure and external appearance. In addition to the ingredients of the urine, oxalic acid, and its alkaline and earthy compounds, have likewise been detected in them. Their origin is obscure. In the kidneys, these morbid concretions usually consist of uric acid, or oxalat of lime. These passing into the bladder, become nuclei, round which layers of the phosphats, urats and carbonats are deposited, and also urea. But these concretions may form likewise in the bladder itself, from the thickening of the mucus, or the deposition of those ingredients of the urine, which, from being in excess, may be only mechanically suspended. In the human species, these concretions produce the most ex-excruciating pain; and it has hitherto baffled the skill of the chemist, to point out a method by which their formation may be prevented, or, when formed, their dissolution effected. But man is not alone subject to this painful disease.
Urinary concretions have likewise been detected in the horse, ox, sow, dog, rabbit, cat and rat. In none of these, however, has any trace of uric acid been detected. In all of them the base is lime, or magnesia, united with phosphoric, carbonic, or oxalic acids.
UNDER this head, it is our intention to consider the circumstances under which light, electricity and caloric, are generated in the animal system. The subject is exceedingly interesting, and it has been enriched by numerous observations, the united efforts of the naturalist and chemist. Still, however, there prevails a considerable diversity of opinion, respecting the manner in which these substances are produced, or the share which the vital principle contributes towards their developement. As these bodies frequently appear to be produced contemporaneously, in the changes to which matter is subjected, they are to be viewed in this chapter in connection, in expectation that the mode of production of one, may help to illustrate the origin of another.
THE faculty of emitting light does not appear to be possessed by any individuals of the classes Mammalia, Birds or Reptiles. Several fishes, however, exhibit this remarkable property; particularly the Dorado, Mullet, Herring and Sprat. The Sparus chrysurus, an inhabitant of the seas of Brazil, is said to be luminous in such a remark-
able manner, that when a few individuals are swimming in company, they emit so much light, that in a dark night a person might see to read by its aid. But considerable suspicions may be entertained on this subject, whether the light is emitted by the bodies of fish, or by the number of minute parasitical animals which adhere to the surface of the skin. It is well known, that when fish begin to putrefy, they appear luminous; but the light is occasioned, not by the flesh of the animal, but by numerous animalcula, whose growth the putrefaction has promoted. To such a cause may be referred the light observed by WILLOUGHBY, in the Sparus pagrus*.
Among the Mollusca conchifera, the Pholades, according to the observations REAUMUR, possess a liquor which is luminous; and the same property is possessed by the Pyrosoma of PERON, inserted among the Mollusca tunicata. The crustaceous animals exhibit several examples of luminous species, such as the Cancer pulex of LINNEUS, and the Cancer fulgens of Sir JOSEPH BANKS †. The Myriapoda exhibit this property in the species of the genus Scolopendra. The Insecta furnish examples in many genera, as Elater, Lawpyris, and others. Among the Vermes, the Neries noctiluca has been long known; and, according to BRUGUIERE, the common earth worm‡. The genera Medusa and Beroe among the Acephala; and the Pennatula and Sertularia among the Zoophyta, are all remarkable examples.
The luminous quality appears to reside in afluid substance in the Pholas, Pennatula, Medusa and many other animals. In a species of cancer observed by Captain TUCKEY, in the
Gulf of Guinea, the luminous property resided in the brain; which, when the animal was at rest, resembled a most brilliant amethyst, about the size of a large pin-head; and from this there darted, when the animal moved, flashes of a brilliant silvery light. In the Lampyris, the luminous matter is a soft yellowish substance, of a close texture, and resembling paste. It is not attached to the same part of the body, even in animals of the same class: thus, in the Lampyris, it is spread on the internal surface of the last rings of the abdomen. In the Elater, under the skin of the thorax; in the Fulgora, in the remarkable projections on the head; and in the Pausus, in the club of antennæ*.
Among insects, this luminous quality is peculiar to the season of love, and disappears during the remaining part of the year. The effect of season on the other luminous animals, has not been observed.
In many of the medusæ, particularly Medusa hemisphœrica of MACCARTNEY †, exposure to light destroys the luminous power; hence these animals are not observed at the surface of the sea in moonlight nights. The light of insects appears to be in a great measure independent of external circumstances. In the Scolopendra, on the other hand, the luminousness does not appear, unless the animal has been previously exposed to solar light.
The luminous quality is not destroyed, extinguished, or altered, by immersing the animal in oxygen gas, chlorine, hydrogen, alcohol, or water, unless death be produced, in which case, the luminous power speedily ceases. In some cases, however, this power may be restored. Thus Mr MACCARTNEY, to whom the public is indebted for the most valuable information on the subject which has yet been
published, having cut from the bellies of living glow-worms the sacs containing the luminous matter, found that it shone uninterruptedly for several hours in the atmosphere; and, after the light became extinct, that it was revived by being moistened with water. Some of the sacs were put into water in the first instance, and they continued to shine in it unremittingly for forty-eight hours.
Whatever excites to muscular action, increases the luminous appearance,—as heat and electricity. In the case of the medusæ, they give out their light upon being disturbed, the emission of the luminous jets following the line of the muscular contractions. The minute species are very common in the sea; and produce those sparks or globes of light, constituting the luminousness or phosphorescence of the sea, so visible in a dark night in the wake of a ship, or when the water is struck by an oar ?
Mr MACCARTNEY, in the course of his dissections of luminous insects, did not find that the organs of light were better or differently supplied with either nerves or airtubes, than the other parts of the body. The emission or suppression of the light, however, appears to be under the influence of the will of the animal *.
THE production of the electrical fluid, one of the most singular secretions of the animal frame, is peculiar to the
* When fish are steeped in water, until the whole fluid becomes luminous, especially the surface, this lumninousness is increased by shaking the vesse. A heat of 118° destroys, in a great measure, this property. The luminousness appears to be caused by the infusory animalcules with which such water abounds. See "Experiments to prove that the luminousness of the sea arises from the putrefaction of its animal substances," —by J. CANTON, Phil. Trans. 1769, p. 446.
following species of fishes. Rhinobatus electricus, Torpedo vulgaris, unimaculata, marmorata and galvani*, Gymnotus electricus, Silurus eletricus, Tetraodon electricus, and Trichiurus Indicus. The claims of the first and last of these species to rank as electrical fiishes, is doubtful; those of the others have been established.
The electrical organs of the Torpedo are double, and occur in the fore-part of the body, one on each side of the cranium; and extend backwards as far as the gill-openings, occupying the whole skin between the upper and under surfaces. In the Gymnotus electricus, these peculiar organs occupy nearly one-half of the body of the animal. They are four in number, two on each side; and extend along the sides and belly, from the head to near the tail. They are of unequal size; the superior one on each side being the largest. It is covered on its dorsal aspect by the muscles of the back, and on its ventral aspect by the smaller organ. This last reaches to the middle of the belly, and is scarcely one-fourth of the size of the superior one. In the Silurus electricus, the electrical organ commences at the head, where it is thickest, aud extends along the back and sides towards the tail, gradually decreasing in thinness, as it approaches the caudal extremity.
The electrical organs in all the fishes which have been examined, appear to have a reticulated cellular structure. In the Torpedo marmorata, which HUNTER† examined.*
* Doubts may be entertained with regard to the propriety of constituting so many species, out of the Raia torpedo of naturalists, as has been done by M. RISSO, in his Ichthyologie de Nice, p. 18., in a great measure from the colour-markings of the body; a character in the torpedo liable to considerable variation, according to Mr TOD. (Phil. Trans. 1816, p. 121.) The T. marmorata, is the species referred to by British writers.
they consisted of perpendicular hollow columns, reaching from the ventral to the dorsal surface of the animal; and, where the organ is thickest, extending to an inch and a half in length; and where thinnest, to one-fourth of an inch. These columns he found to be four, five, and even six-sided; but Mr Tod is inclined to consider them cylindrical*. The coats of the columns are thin and transparent, closely connected with each other, by a loose network of tendinous fibres, passing transversely and obliquely between the columns. They are, likewise, attached by strong inelastic fibres, which pass directly from one column to another. The cavity of each column is divided into a number of cells, (containing a fluid which M. GEOFFORY found composed of albumen and gelatine), by transverse partitions, which, in a column of one inch, amount to 150. These partitions consist of a very thin translucent membrane; their edges appear to be attached to one another, and they are connected to the inside of the columns by a fine cellular membrane. The whole organ is covered by a thin membrane, composed of fibres running in a longitudinal direction, and united to the skin, or surrounding parts of the body, by a cellular substance. Within this external membrane of the electrical organ, there is another, consisting likewise of fibres, running, however, in a transverse direction. The sides of the columns take their rise from this membrane. The arteries by which the electrical organs are nourished, after penetrating the investing membrane, ramify upon the sides of the columns, and send in, to the partitions, numerous small branches, which anastomose with one another, and with the vessels of the adjacent partitions.
The nerves of the organs arise from the medulla oblongata. Each organ is liberally supplied by three large trunks, which, after communicating a few filaments to the gills, ramify in every direction between the columns, and send in small branches upon each partition.
The electrical organs of the Gymnotus electricus, as examined by HUNTER*, differ considerably from those of the Torpedo. The largest, or superior organs, consist each of a series of thin tender membranes, parallel to one another, extending longitudinally the whole length of the organ; and, in breadth, reaching from their central to the dermal surface. The uppermost membranes are concave dorsad, the middle ones are nearly horizontal; and the inferior ones are concave sternad. Their dermal edges are united with the skin and its muscles, their central edges with the middle partition, the air-bag, and the dorsal muscles. They are farthest distant from each other at their dermal edges, and gradually approach as they proceed to their central attachment. Where the organ becomes narrower towards the tail, two of the membranes sometimes unite, and form into one. In a fish, 2 feet 4 inches in length, they are 1/27th of an inch distant from one another; and the whole organ, where broadest, is an inch and a quarter in breadth, and contains thirty-four membranes. In the inferior or smaller organ, the membranes are nearer each other, being only about 1/56th of an inch asunder. The superior ones are the broadest, and they decrease in breadth the nearer they are situated to the ventral line of the animal. In both organs there are numerous partitions, dividing the spaces included between the different layers, into narrow vertical transverse cells. Each cell is in the form of a compressed qua-
drangular pyramid, the height of which is equal to the breadth of the organ, the apex centrad, and the narrow sides dorsad and sternad. These partitions are so close to one another, as even to appear to touch, making the cells exceedingly narrow. In an inch in length, there are about 240 partitions. These electrical organs have no peculiar covering, being attached directly to the surrounding parts by cellular substance. The two organs on the side, are separated from each other by a thick membranous partition, reaching from the skin to the centre. The organs are liberally supplied by bloodvessels. The nerves are numerous, and arise from the medulla spinalis coming from it in pairs, between all the vertebræ of the spine. Previous to reaching the organ, they give out filaments to the muscles of the back, and afterwards to the skin and air-bag. Dr HUNTER was unable to trace their termination in the organ itself.
In the electrical organ of the Silurus electricus, according to GEOFFROY, the structure is more simple than in the Torpedo or Gymnotus. It consists of a bed of filaments which cross each other in every direction, and form meshes of very small dimensions. The whole is covered by a ligamentous membrane, which is itself covered with a layer of fat. The nerves with which the organ is provided, proceed from the eighth pair; but are not so large in proportion as in the torpedo.
When the hand is applied to the peculiar organs of an electrical fish, the animal observed to twist its body, as if about to make a vigorous muscular exertion; and a benumbing sensation is instantly felt in the fingers, and even as far as the elbows. This sensation, however, is not always felt, as the animal appears to excite it only when irritated, or otherwise disturbed. It is capable of making
this benumbing effort many times in succession in the water, as well as in the air, when arrived at maturity, and even previous to the natural period of exclusion from the uterus of the mother. When caught in the net, it gives a shock to the hands of the incautious fisherman who ventures to seize it. When concealed in the mud, it is capable of making its most violent efforts; and is able to benumb the limbs to such a degree, as to throw down the passenger who inadvertently places his foot upon the body.
Although the benumbing powers of the torpedo were known to PLATO and ARISTOTLE, and had frequently been proclaimed by the verses of the poet, and the exaggerated statements of the fishermen, it was not until the doctrines of electricity had been established, that the circumstances under which these were exerted, and the effects which they produced, were investigated with any degree of success. The first person who turned his attention particularly to this subject, was Mr WALSH, and he succeeded in demonstrating, that the animal could exert its benumbing power at pleasure, and that the shock was regulated by all those circumstances which influence the discharge of the electric fluid from the Leyden phial; in other words, he established the identity between the electric fluid and the benumbing power. His experiments were communicated to the Royal Society, July 1. 1773*. According to the experiments of this observer, the shock of the torpedo is prevented by all electrical non-conductors, as glass or sealing-wax; while it readily passes along brass-wire, water, or persons whose hands are joined. The torpedinal fluid was unable to force itself across the minutest tract of air, or from one link of a small chain, suspended freely to another; or through an almost invisible separation, made by the edge of a penknife
in a slip of tinfoil fixed on sealing wax. The animal is capable of giving its shocks in the air, as well as in its natural element the water. Those given in the former are ever, much stronger than in the latter, owing probably to the fluid being more confined by the surrounding medium. The shock is given with the same degree of force, even when the animal is insulated, and the person receiving it likewise insulated. In such circumstances, fifty shocks have been received in the space of a minute and a half. The most powerful effect is produced by these organs, when the circuit is made between their upper and under surfaces, as these appear to be in opposite states of electricity.
The history of animal electricity received some valuable additions from the experiments of Dr WILLAMSON in Philadelphia*, on the Gymnotus. He found that this animal could communicate its shock to the hand, in water, even when held at the distance of three feet. It killed small fish by the shock, without coming into actual contact, and stunned larger ones in the same manner.
In both these fishes, the electrical energy is insufficient to produce appearances of attraction and repulsion in the most delicate electrometers, although feeble sparks have been perceived by different observers, in consequence of using the utmost precaution in interrupting the circuit. The animal has the power of making the discharge from any part of the surface of its peculiar organ, or from the whole, at pleasure; but it is incapable of communicating shocks for any length of time, without exhibiting unequivocal symptoms of fatigue. If the electrical energies of the fish are too much excited, it becomes debilitated, and expires.
The influence of the nerves in the production of the electrical shock has been examined with care by Mr TOD, and the results which have been published* throw considerable light on the mysterious process. He made an incision on each side of the cranium and gills of a lively torpedo, and pushed aside the electrical organs so as to expose and divide their nerves. The animal was then placed in a bucket of sea-water. On examining it in about two hours afterwards, he found it impossible to elicit shocks from it by any irritation; but it seemed to possess as much activity and liveliness as before, and lived as long as those animals from which shocks had not been received, and which had not undergone this operation. Two of these animals being procured, the nerves of the electrical organs of one of them were divided after the manner above described. They were placed each in separate buckets of sea-water, and allowed to remain undisturbed. This was performed in the morning; and, when examined in the evening, it was impossible to distinguish between the liveliness or activity of either. Of other two of these animals, the nerves of the electrical organs of one of them were divided. Being placed each in separate buckets of sea-water, they were both irritated as nearly alike as possible. From the perfect animal, shocks were received: after frequent repetition, it became weak and incapable of discharging shocks, and soon died. The last shocks were not perceptible above the second joint of the thumb, and so weak as to require much attention to observe them. From the other, no shocks could be received: it appeared as vivacious as before, and lived until the second day. This experiment was frequently repeated, with nearly the same results. The nerves of one electric
organ only being divided in a lively torpedo, from which shocks had been previously received, on irritating the animal, it was still found capable of communicating the shock. Whether there was any difference in the degree of intensity, could not be distinctly observed. One electrical organ being altogether removed, the animal still continued capable of discharging the electric shock; and the same circumstance took place when only one of the nerves of each electrical organ was divided. When a wire was introduced through the cranium of a torpedo, which had been communicating shocks very freely, all motion immediately ceased, and no irritation could excite the electrical shock.
He likewise found that no alteration took place in the electrical condition of the organs, when the muscles of the fins were intersected. When the organs themselves were divided by a longitudinal incision, no change was produced in the electrical energies, but they seemed weakened by the removal of part of the organ. When the surfaces of the electrical organs were denuded, the animal could still give shocks; and the same power remained, when, by incisions, no other attachment existed but by the nerves.
It is obvious, from all the circumstances which have been stated, that the production or condensation of the electric fluid in these animals, is a vital action, dependent on the will of the animal, and acting through the nerves of the peculiar organs. The power appears to be subservient to the continuance of life, in a twofold manner. It affords protection, by enabling the animal to benumb its foes, and it assists in procuring food, by stunning or killing the smaller animals, on which its sustenance depends.
The electricity of animals which do not possess peculiar organs for its condensation, has not been investigated with sufficient care. From the observations of SAUSSURE, HEM-
MER, and others, on the human body, it appears to vary greatly, being, in the same individual, sometimes positive and at other times negative, and liable to sudden change, upon any quick motion being performed. In making these observations, there is some difficulty in avoiding the effects of friction of the cloth, and other circumstances foreign to the natural state of the body.
IN every animal there is a certain degree of heat necessary to its existence, and the full exercise of its functions. In quadrupeds and birds this heat is considerably greater, in general, than the surrounding atmosphere, while in fishes and the animals of the inferior classes, it is seldom very different from the temperature of the objects with which they are usually in contact. The ordinary temperature of the human body is rated at between 90° and 98° of F. In the common hen, the temperature is between 103° and 104°. Those animals whose temperature is high, and not greatly influenced by the changes in the heat of external objects, are denominated warm-blooded animals. Those, on the other hand, whose temperature is greatly influenced by that of surrounding objects, are termed cold-blooded animals. In both classes, the temperature is regulated by the vital powers of the animals, and limits are assigned beyond which it is dangerous to pass. The range of warm blooded animals is confined, that of the cold blooded extensive. Both, however, are influenced by the same agents, and appear to be governed by the same general laws.
1. When an animal is exposed to a change of temperature, some corresponding change likewise takes place in the heat of its body.—The propriety of establishing this general law, is sanctioned by the experience of our own
feelings, and confirmed by a variety of decisive experiments. Dr CURRIE found the temperature of a man, plunged into cold salt-water at 44°, to sink in the course of a minute and a half, after immersion, from 98° to 87°, and in other experiments, it descended as low as 85°, and even 83°*. In these experiments, the pulse sunk from 70 beats in a minute, its natural state, to 68 and even 65; and after the first irregular action of the diaphragm from the shock of immersion had ceased, the breathing became regular, and unusually slow. When the human body is exposed to a higher temperature than its natural standard, a corresponding change likewise takes place. Dr FORDYCE tried a variety of experiments on this subject. By exposing the body to heated air in a close room to the temperature of 120° and in some cases as high as 211°, the heat of the body rose to 100°. In this situation the pulse beat 145 times in a minute. No change, however, was produced on respiration, it became neither quick nor laborious†. Similar experiments have likewise been performed on other warm-blooded animals. Dr HUNTER found the temperature of a common mouse to be 99°, when the atmosphere was 60° but when the same animal was exposed for an hour to a cold atmosphere of 15°, its heat had sunk to 83°‡ J. Dr CRAWFORD exposed a dog, whose natural heat is 101° or 102°, to water whose temperature was raised to 112°, and found that his temperature was raised to 108° and 109°. In air at 130°, the temperature of the dog was 106°§.
§ Phil. Trans. 1781, p. 486. The venous blood, in such experiments, appeared of a light florid colour, like the arterial, indicating the diminished action of the capillary vessels upon the blood.
From these experiments it appears, that the temperature of the human body may be raised 4° above its natural standard, and sunk 15° below it, by the operation of external circumstances. In the mouse, the heat was diminished 16° below,—and in the dog, raised 7° above the natural standard.
The same law extends to the cold-blooded animals. Dr HUNTER found the temperature of a healthy viper, when exposed to 108° rise to 92½°; and the same animal, when placed in a temperature of between 10° and 20°, had its heat sunk to 37°, 35°, and even 31°*.
It is in consequence of the unceasing influence exerted on the animal frame, by the varying temperature of surrounding objects, that the different parts of the body are seldom of the same degree of heat. The stomach, heart, and liver, are always nearest the standard, the other parts, which are more remote, varying one or two degrees in the warm-blooded animals, when not greatly acted upon by deranging causes.
2. When the body is exposed to a temperature greatly above the ordinary standard of the animal, a counteracting influence is exerted, and cold is generated.—In all animals, whether hot or cold blooded, the heat may be raised a limited number of degrees. But, even when the external temperature continues high, the heat of the body remains stationary at its maximum of elevation†. Thus, in
† Governor ELLIS, in a letter to the celebrated JOHN ELLIS, dated Georgia, 17th July 1758, makes a slight reference to this law, which was afterwards developed by Dr FORDYCE. "I have frequently (says the Governor) walked an hundred yards under an umbrella, with a thermometer suspended from it by a thread, to the height of my nostrils, when the mercury has rose to 105°; which is prodigious. At the same time, I have confined this instrument close to the hotest part of my body, and have been astonished to observe, that it has subsided several degrees. Indeed, I never could raise the mercury above 97° with the heat of my body." Phil. Trans. 1758, p. 755.
Dr FORDYCE's experiments, the heat of the human body, in a high temperature, speedily reached 100°, but exposure to 211° did not raise it higher *. The temperature of the dog could be raised no higher than 109°, though exposed to 112°. The viper, though exposed to a temperature of 108° only had its heat raised to 92½°. Here, then, it is obvious, that the body of a living animal is capable of resisting the influence of a high temperature, and remaining comparatively cool, though exposed to a heating cause. That the body is not kept cool by evaporation, is demonstrated by a variety of circumstances. In Dr FORDYCE'S experiments, with his body in heated air, water poured down in streams over his whole surface. But that this water was merely the vapour of the room, condensed by the coldness of his skin, appeared clear, from his having placed a Florence flask filled with water of the same temperature with his body, viz. 100°, when he observed the vapour in like manner condense upon its surface, and run down the sides in streams. Besides, the cold is generated
* Dr BLAGDEN, who assisted in performing these experiments, observes, "Being now in a situation in which our bodies bore a very different relation to the surrounding atmosphere, from that to which we had been accustomed, every moment presented a new phenomenon. Whenever we breathed on a thermometer, the quicksilver sunk several degrees. Every expiration, particularly if made with any degree of violence, gave a very pleasant impression of coolness to our nostrils, scorched just before by the hot air rushing against them when we inspired. In the same manner, our now cold breath agreeably cooled our fingers whenever it reached them. Upon touching my side, it felt cold like a corpse." Phil. Trans. 1775, p. 118.
whether the air is moist or dry. And in the case of frogs and dogs, Dr CRAWFORD found that the cold was generated even when the body was immersed in water.
Even when the heating cause is applied only to a particular part of the body, as (in the experiments of Dr HUNTER) to the urethra, its temperature is not increased beyond that degree to which the whole body may be raised.
In all these experiments in which the body is exposed to a high temperature, the generation of cold is effected by a great expenditure of the vital energy. Hence a great degree of weakness is produced by continuing the effort.
As the power of the whole body for the production of cold appears to be limited, so is likewise the power of particular parts, "which (says BLAGDEN*) may be one reason why we can bear for a certain time, and much longer than can be necessary to fully heat the cuticle, a degree of heat which will at length prove intolerable." It is probable that this power of the human body is greatly influenced by habit, in the case of washer-women, whose hands are frequently immersed in warm water, and glass-blowers, whose bodies are exposed to a degree of heat, which to others would prove painful.
3. When the body is exposed to a temperature greatly lower than the ordinary standard, a counteracting influence is exerted, and heat is generated.In the experiments already quoted it appears evident, that there is an inferior as well as a superior limit to the change of temperature in living bodies, from the influence of surrounding objects. In the experiments of Dr CURRIE, the heat of the human
body, in one instance, sunk rapidly from 98° to 87°, when placed in water at 44°, but at the end of twelve minutes it rose to 93½°. In another experiment, in water of the same temperature, the heat of the body fell from 98°, in the course of two minutes to 88°, but, at the end of thirteen minutes, it had risen to 96°. Dr HUNTER found that a dormouse, whose heat, in an atmosphere at 64°, was 81½° when put into air at 20°, had its temperature raised in the course of half an hour to 93°: an hour after, the ah being 30°, it was still 93°: at another hour after, the air being 19°, the heat of the pelvis was as low as 83°, but the animal was now less lively. In this experiment, the dormouse had maintained its temperature about seventy degrees higher than the surrounding medium, and for the space of two hours and a half.
In the cold-blooded animals, heat is generated under similar circumstances. HUNTER found that the heat of a viper, placed in a vessel at 10°, was reduced in ten minutes to 37°, in other ten minutes, the vessel being 13° to 35°, and in the next ten minutes, the vessel at 20° to 31°. In frogs, he was able to lower the temperature likewise to 31°, but beyond this point it was not possible to lessen the heat, without destroying the animal.
When the cooling cause is applied to particular parts of the body, the heat of these parts sinks lower than the minimum of depressed temperature of the body. Although HUNTER was unable to heat the urethra one degree above the maximum of the elevated temperature of the body, yet he succeeded in cooling it twenty-nine degrees lower than the minimum of depressed temperature, viz. to 58°. He succeeded in cooling down the ears of rabbits until they froze, and when thawed, they recovered their natural heat and circulation. The same experiment was performed on the comb and wattles of a cock. Though he found that,
in many instances, parts of animals which had been frozen recovered their functions when thawed, yet in no case did recovery take place when the whole body had been frozen.
The efforts of the body to generate heat, when thus exposed to a cold medium, rapidly exhaust the vital energy, and when these cease to be made, or have become too weak to accomplish their object, the temperature sinks, and freezing and death simultaneously take place.
Dr HUNTER found, that even eggs possessed this power of generating heat, when exposed to a cooling medium. An egg which had been frozen and thawed, was put into a cold mixture along with one newly laid. The fresh one was seven minutes and a half longer in freezing than the other. In another experiment, a fresh laid egg, and one which had been frozen and thawed, were put into a cold mixture at 15°; the thawed one soon came to 32°, and began to swell and congeal; the fresh one sunk to 29½°, and in twenty-five minutes after the dead one, it rose to 32°, and began to swell and freeze*. During these twenty-five minutes, it must have generated a very great deal of heat, before it yielded to the influence of the cold mixture.
In what manner, it may now be asked, are these extraordinary capabilities of varying the temperature, maintained and regulated in the animal frame ?
The influence of the cutaneous system in modifying the heat of the body, is very considerable. The skin is a bad conductor of caloric, and consequently protects the internal organs from the sudden influence of heat or cold. In the performance of this function, the cuticle and its appendices act a conspicuous part. In the warm-blooded animals, we observe their bodies covered with hair or feathers, and these in the greatest abundance, where the parts stand most in need of protection. Among these animals, the
whales alone are destitute of hair. But, besides the protection yielded by the extraordinary thickness of the skin, and the layer of fat (likewise a bad conductor) with which its interior is lined, these animals reside constantly in the water, and are in a great measure protected by the uniform temperature of that element. The seals, bears, and walruses, on the other hand, which seek their food in the same seas, are, nevertheless, obliged to come to land to sleep and bring forth their young, and consequently have a coating of hair to protect them from the varying temperature of the atmosphere in which they occasionally sojourn. In the mammalia, the quantity of hair on the body is, in general, proportional to the cold of the climate in which they reside. The same law does not seem to prevail to the same extent, in regard to the quantity of feathers on the birds of different climates.
The influence which the muscular system exercises over the heat of the body, is of great extent. When we exert ourselves in speaking, walking, or running, our animal heat is kept at its natural standard, even when the body is exposed to a great degree of cold. On the other hand, if, while the body is exposed to the cooling influence of a low temperature, we remain at rest, our heat is speedily diminished, and we are aroused to action by the painful sensations of cold. During sleep, our temperature sinks a little, obviously, in consequence of our state of rest. But to guard against the prejudicial effects which might follow, we observe all animals, before going to sleep, retire to such places, or assume such positions, as are best calculated to protect them from the cooling influence of external objects.
The nervous system likewise exercises a great controul over animal temperature. As it influences respiration*,
and, by means of respiration, the action of the heart, and consequently the whole circulating system,—as it exercises likewise an unlimited controul over the arteries and glands in the office of secretion, it may be said to regulate all the movements of vital action, and consequently the production of that temperature requisite for the continuance of existence.
The digestive system is destined to furnish the means by which the vital energies are to be recruited, and its indirect influence over the power of an animal to regulate its temperature, must be considerable. In Dr CURRIE'S experiments already quoted, the body, which had been much cooled by exposure to cold, was most speedily restored to its natural warmth, and made comfortable, by the application of a bladder of hot water to the pit of the stomach. In one case, during the application of the cold, the person complained of a coldness and faintness at the stomach. Hence this observer concluded, that there was some peculiar connection of the stomach, or of the diaphragm, or both, with the process of animal heat.
The changes which take place in the circulating system, viewed in connection with animal heat, are not so great as might have been expected. In resisting the application of heating media, Dr FORDYCE found the circulation of the blood to proceed very rapidly, as his pulse gave 145 beats in a minute. "The external circulation was greatly increased; the veins had become very large, and an universal redness had diffused itself over the skin." With this increased rapidity of circulation in the blood, there was no change, however, produced in the frequency of respiration. In Dr CURRIE'S experiments, where the body was exposed to a cooling medium, and where a considerable quantity of heat must have been generated, the ordinary velocity of the blood was diminished, and the breathing became unusual-
ly slow. In Mr BRODIE'S experiments, in which respiration was kept up by artificial means, after the animal (a rabbit) had been killed, he found the heat of the body to diminish as rapidly as in a dead animal of the same kind, in which no attempts were made to keep up the respiration. Yet, in the animal in which artificial respiration was carried on the heart continued to beat for nearly two hours; the blood circulated, and was changed from arterial into venous blood in the capillary vessels; it was aërated in the lungs, and carbon given off equal in quantity to that which is evolved in a natural state; and the aerated blood had the usual florid colour *.
The changes which take place in the temperature of the body, in consequence of morbid states of the organs, are calculated to throw some light on this mysterious secretion. Where the nerves leading to particular members are compressed or injured, these soon become cold, in comparison with the rest of the body, although the circulation of the blood (the only means by which any heat is communicated to them) continues as usual. This is frequently exhibited in the case of paralytic limbs. In a gentleman who was seized with an apoplectic fit, HUNTER says, that "while he lay insensible in bed, and covered with blankets, I found that his whole body would, in an instant, become extremely cold in every part; continue so for some time; and, in as short a time, he would become extremely hot. While this was going on for several hours alternately, there was no sensible alteration in his pulse†." Dr CURRIE states an equally remarkable case: "I have seen a young woman, once of the greatest delicacy of frame, struck with madness, lie all night on a cold floor, with hardly the covering that decency requires, when the water was frozen on the table by her, and the milk that she was to feed on was a mass
of ice *." The quantity of heat evolved during the inflammation of any particular part, is probably much greater than is generally supposed. Dr THOMSON found that a. small inflamed spot in his right groin, gave out, in the course of four days, a quantity of heat sufficient to have heated seven wine pints of water, from 40° to 212°. Yet the temperature was not sensibly less than that of the rest of the body at the end of the experiment, when the inflammation had ceased †.
Two hypotheses have been devised to account for the origin of animal heat. The first is that of the justly celebrated Dr BLACK. He supposed that the specific heat of oxygen gas was greater than that of carbonic acid gas, and consequently, when the former was converted into the latter in the lungs, a quantity of latent caloric would be disengaged, sufficient to heat the parts in contact, more especially the blood, which, by its circulation, would likewise communicate its high temperature to the distant parts of the body. As the lungs, however, are not warmer than the neighbouring viscera, it was supposed that they were kept cool by the evaporation of the pulmonary vapour. When the quantity of oxygen consumed in respiration is compared with the whole of the azote, and the remaining unchanged portion of the oxygen of the air, which have their temperature raised forty or fifty degrees,—when the quantity of heated vapour given off by the lungs and the skin is considered,—when we likewise estimate the portion of heat abstracted from the body by contact and radiation; we clearly perceive, that all the heat which the oxygen consumed can impart, (supposing the inference respecting its specific heat to be just,)
is far from sufficient to supply the quantity which is constantly abstracted. But the hypothesis has fallen, by attacks in another direction. Dr CRAWFORD inferred from his experiments, that the specific heat of oxygen was as 4.7490, carbonic acid 1.0454, azote 0.7936, atmospheric air 1.7900. The more recent and accurate experiments of MM. DELAROCHE and BERARD, however, have established the relative specific caloric of the same gases as follows: Oxygen 0.2361, carbonic acid 0.2210, azote 0.2754, atmospheric air 0.2669. It follows from these experiments, therefore, that the quantity of heat given out by oxygen during its conversion into carbonic acid gas, would be insufficient to heat the residual air that is expelled in breathing to its ordinary elevation, and consequently could contribute nothing towards sustaining the high temperature of the body.
The objection that had been brought against the hypothesis of BLACK, that the lungs were not hotter than the rest of the body, was attempted to be obviated by Dr CRAWFORD, who assumed, from his experiments, that the specific caloric of arterial blood was 1.0300, and that of venous blood only 0.8928, and inferred, that, during the conversion of the former into the latter, in the course of circulation, a quantity of heat must be set free; and as this conversion takes place in every part of the body, heat must consequently be every where disengaged. But the basis of this hypothesis has not been demonstrated to be true. It is next to impossible, by the methods at present known, to determine with any degree of accuracy the relative specific heat of arterial and venous blood; and the conclusions of CRAWFORD on the subject, differ widely from those of Dr JOHN DAVY already quoted *.
But admitting the principles on which the opinions of BLACK and CRAWFORD rest, it will be seen, from the conditions of the problem which have been stated, that they offer no explanation of many of the changes which occur. Nay, it may be affirmed with confidence, that the supporters of these opinions have not put themselves to any trouble in order to obtain a knowledge of these conditions, but have suffered themselves to be seduced by the explanation they seemed to afford of some of the phenomena. In consequence of this neglect, a theory which was long the boast of the chemist, has been rejected as visionary; and the disappointed physiologist is now left to re-examine the properties of that vital principle he had inconsiderately abandoned.
In the present state of physiological science, no rational theory can be offered to account for the production and regulation of animal heat. Perhaps the changes which take place in the fluids of animals may occasion a disengagement of heat or cold, in consequence of the difference in their capacities. But a variety of other circumstances appear to operate. The compression of the air in the lungs in the act of breathing, and the compression of the blood, by the muscular power of the heart and arteries, may likewise exercise some influence. We are inclined to believe, however, that the principal source of animal heat may with propriety be referred to the electrical changes which accompany those endless combinations and decompositions which take place in the system through the whole of life, changes which are necessary to the wellbeing of the principle of life, and demonstrated to be subject to its control.
THE organs which we have hitherto been considering, refer exclusively to the individual, and are necessary to the support of the system throughout the whole of life; those which now claim our attention, do not refer to the wants of the individual, but are subservient to the continuation of the species. The instincts by which the organs of reproduction are governed, have been already enumerated, when treating of the active powers of the mind. At present, it only remains for us to enquire into the different modes by which animals are propagated, and the various organs which are called into exercise in each.
The simplest mode of generation does not require sexual organs for the accomplishment of its purpose. Part of an individual drops off, and speedily exercises the functions of an independent being. This is termed Generation by Spontaneous Division. In other cases, a bud is produced from the surface, which gradually evolves, drops off from the parent when ripe, and begins to exhibit a separate life. This is termed Gemmiparous Generation.
In those animals which possess peculiar organs for the preparation of the germ or ovum, some are Androgynous*, and either have the sexual organs incorporated, and capable of generating without assistance, or the sexual organs are distinct, and the union of two individuals is necessary
for mutual impregnation: others have the sexual organs separate, and on different individuals. The young of such animals are either nourished at first by the store of food in the egg, or by the circulating juices of the mother. Those species in which the former arrangement prevails are termed Oviparous, while the term Viviparous is restricted to the latter. As the organs of reproduction are displayed in the greatest perfection in those animals with distinct sexes, we shall proceed to consider,
Quadrupeds alone are truly viviparous. The manner in which the fœtus is nourished previous to birth, the peculiar configuration of the sexes, and the nature of the reproductive organs, indicate an arrangement for the generation of quadrupeds to which there is nothing analogous among the rest of living beings.
Before entering upon the consideration of the structure of the peculiar organs employed, and their functions, it is scarcely necessary to remark, that it is the business of the Female, in all animals, to prepare the ovum or germ, and bring it to maturity. For this purpose, the germ is produced in the ovarium, farther perfected in the uterus or matrix, and finally expelled from the system through the vagina. The office of the Male is to impregnate the germ by means of the spermatic fluid. This fluid is secreted in the testicles, transmitted by the spermatic ducts, and finally conveyed by the external organ to its ultimate destination. In proceeding to our account of the reproductive organs in viviparous animals, we shall first consider those which are peculiar to the male sex, and afterwards those by which the female is characterized.
1. Male Organs.—The spermatic fluid is secreted in two glandular bodies which are called the testicles. These,
when they occur externally, are contained in a scrotum formed by the common integuments. They are enveloped by two coats, the first of which, termed the tunica vaginalis, is derived from the peritoneum, and the second, called, from its white colour, tunica albuginea, is merely a reflected duplicature of the former. This second coat adheres closely to the surface of the testicle, and is only in union with the first in a line on the dorsal edge*.
Each testicle is usually of an oval form, and of a firm compact substance, consisting of an infinite number of ramifications of arteries and veins, termed spermatic, united together by a cellular substance. The spermatic tubes take their rise in different parts of the testicle, and gradually uniting, at last emerge from its body, in the form of a single canal, termed the spermatic duct. This duct, which, at its commencement, where it is exceedingly convoluted, adheres to the surface of the testicle by cellular substance, and is in part covered by the tunica albuginosa, is termed Epididymis. The remaining part of the spermatic duct, termed Vas deferens, usually preserves a straight course towards the base of the urethra, where it terminates. In many species, however, it is slightly tortuous, and its walls, in some cases, assume a considerable degree of thickness, and become obviously glandular. In a few instances, it is enlarged in its diameter towards its termination. The spermatic ducts usually terminate at the base of the urethra, but, in some cases, they are continued to the extremity of the penis.
* In the human fœtus, the testes are at first lodged in the belly, and only descend into the scrotum a little before birth. In some instances, the descent never takes place. This, however, is unnatural, but in many animals termed testicondi, the testes are always internal, and in a few the descent is periodical.
Besides these organs, there are others which appear to be necessary towards perfecting the seminal fluid. These are the Seminal Vesicles, the Prostate Gland, and Cowper's Glands. The Seminal vesicles are two in number, corresponding with the spermatic ducts *. In some cases their cavity is simple, while in others it is divided into numerous sacs, united together by cellular substance. The walls of these vesicles are, in some animals, thin and simple, and lined with a continuation of the mucous membrane of the urethra: while in others they are thick and glandular, and are evidently destined for secretion. These vesicles terminate in the urethra, either by canals which are common to the spermatic ducts, or by orifices peculiar to themselves.
The seminal vesicles are wanting in many quadrupeds. Their presence does not seem to be regulated by any uniform plan, or to be exhibited in any peculiar habits. Their use, where they do exist, has not been satisfactorily determined. By some, they are considered to be receptacles of the spermatic fluid; while by others they are regarded as destined to secrete a fluid peculiar to themselves. This last opinion is rendered probable by the judicious remarks of HUNTER †, and confirmed by the whole history of their structure, contents, and terminating canals. That they are still connected with the reproductive system, is indicated by their increased size during the season of love.
* The vesiculœ accessoriœ of CUVIER, are membranous tubes, varying in number, adhering to the sternal side of the vesicles, or situated around the base of the urethra. They are filled with the same fluid as the vesicles, and empty their contents into the urethra by a common duct, or by a separate opening. They are very obvious in the mole and hedgehog.
of the urethra, and usually on its dorsal aspect. Internally it is cellular, and is destined to secrete a glairy albuminous fluid. In many animals this gland is single, or the lobes of which it consists are attached to one another, and the secretion is poured into the urethra by numerous orifices. In other cases this organ consists of two, or even four separate glands, each having a common cavity, into which the different cells empty their contents, and a common duct opening in the urethra.
The organ in its simple form exists in man, the quadruma, and many other mammalia. It appears in the elephant and ruminating animals, in its most complicated form; while it is wanting in the hedgehog, mole, and many of the glires.
Besides the seminal vesicles and prostate gland, there are two bodies which have been named, in honour of the discoverer, Cowper's Glands. These are situated immediately behind the bulb of the urethra, with the walls of which they are intimately united. They differ greatly in texture, and empty their contents into the urethra by a single duct. The fluid which they secrete is bluish-white, semitransparent, and gelatinous. They are surrounded by a muscular covering, which serves to expel their contents. In size and appearance they vary less with the season, than the two organs which have last been noticed. They are wanting in many mammalia, and, where present, exhibit many different combinations with the seminal vesicles, accessory vesicles, and prostate gland.
The seminal fluid prepared in the testes, and conveyed through the spermatic duct, is thus finally mixed with the secretions of these assisting glands, and brought to its destination through the urethra. What are the properties of the seminal fluid itself?
The Seminal Fluid has never been examined with care in its pure state, or unmixed with the contents of the vesicles and prostate gland. In its compound state, VAUQUELIN found that of man to be heavier than water, to be alkaline, and to consist, in the hundred parts, of 90 of water, 6 of mucus, 3 of phosphate of lime, and 1 of soda.
The most remarkable character, however, of the seminal fluid, consists in the number of animalcula which are contained in it. These were first observed by one LEWIS HAMME, and afterwards examined with care by LEEUWENHOEK and SPALLANZANI. They are exceedingly minute, and require, for their examination, a practised eye, aided by powerful magnifiers. The want of these qualifications led BOMARE to deny their existence, and LINNÆUS to regard them as inert particles, set in motion by heat. They differ in size and form in different species, and are found in the semen of oviparous, as well as viviparous animals. They move about in the fluid with a progressive motion, in various directions, and are easily killed by cold, or mixing the sperm with other liquors.
These animalcules are not peculiar to the semen. SPALLANZANI found them in the mesenteric blood of frogs, and newts, even females; in the blood of a sucking calf, and of a ram.
It was the opinion of LEEUWENHOEK, that these animated beings were destined to expand into maturity, and ultimately to exhibit the forms of the animal in the semen of which they resided; or that they were the germs of the animal. BUFFON regarded them as organic particles, no longer required by the body for its support, but treasured up in the genital organs, and ready to unite with the organic particles of the female, to give rise to a new individual. They are now generally regarded as exercising
no influence whatever on generation, but as analogous, in their station and habits, to the intestinal worms *.
2. Female Organs.—The female organs, in viviparous animals, consist of the ovaria and oviducts, the uterus and vagina.
The Ovaria are two in number, of an oval or globular form, and situated in the cavity of the pelvis. They are covered by a fold of the peritoneum, and likewise possess a covering of a finer texture, peculiar to themselves. The surface of the ovaria is smooth in some animals, but uneven, or tuberculated, in others. The texture of an ovarium is spongy, and it abounds in cells, especially towards the surface. In early life it is small in size, and only reaches its destined dimensions at the age of puberty. About this period, irregular oval bodies, of a glandular structure, begin to form in its substance. These are frequently of a yellow colour, and hence have been termed corpora lutea. In the centre of these bodies is a cavity, in which the egg or germ is generated, and brought to a certain degree of maturity. This body at length bursts, and suffers the egg to escape. The corpus luteum, after discharging its germ, becomes absorbed gradually, and finally disappears. Others, in the mean time, form, to prepare for successive births. Attempts have been made to examine the structure of the ovum by M. BAUER †. But the smallness of the object, and the softness of its parts, prevent any microscopical observations of a satisfactory kind being made.
When the ovum bursts from the corpus luteum, or gland in which it has been prepared, it enters the Oviduct, or Fallopian Tube, through which it is conveyed to the uterus. The extremity of the oviduct, next the ovarium, is somewhat funnel-shaped, and its margin is irregularly divided into leaves, or fimbriæ. This structure is considered as useful in aiding the expulsion of the germ from the corpus luteum, and in receiving it more readily into the tube. The oviduct itself has walls of a cellular substance, with abundance of bloodvessels, and traces of muscular threads. It is more or less tortuous in its course, and terminates by an opening in the upper part of the cavity of the uterus. Both oviducts open, in some cases, very near each other, while, in other instances, they are more remote.
The Uterus, or matrix, exhibits a great variety of shape in different quadrupeds. In general, however, it is lengthened in the direction of the body, receiving, at its summit, the oviducts, and terminating below in the vagina. Its walls are remarkably dense, and they are liberally supplied with bloodvessels, absorbents, and nerves. The proportion between the size of the cavity and the thickness of the walls, is likewise very various. The cavity itself exhibits several remarkable peculiarities.
In the most simple form of the uterus, the cavity is somewhat pear-shaped, and the oviducts enter it at its largest end, by very small openings. This shape prevails in the human race, the apes and sloths. It is called Uterus simplex. The next shape, in point of simplicity, is where the cavity divides at its summit into two processes, or horns, as they have been called. These are either straight, or variously convoluted, and terminate in the oviducts. This kind is termed Uterus bicornis, and may be seen in the dog, hedgehog, and the ruminating quadrupeds. In
the third kind, termed Uterus duplex, the horns, instead of opening into a common cavity, enlarge each into a separate uterus, opening by a distinct aperture into the vagina. This kind prevails in hares and rabbits. In the American opossum and wombat, the uterus is double, with an oviduct entering the summit of each cavity. Instead of the uteri terminating separately in the vagina, as in the hare, they unite to form a common neck or opening. From each side of this neck a canal arises, and, after a semicircular course, terminates obliquely in the vagina. In the kangaroo, the uterus is simple, with a trace of a division, by means of a longitudinal ridge on each side. The oviducts terminate in the summit, one on each side of the ridge. Near their termination on each side, a lateral canal arises, which terminates in the vagina. The uterus, with these lateral semicircular canals, has been termed Uterus anfractuosus.
The Vagina is a short dilatable canal, the walls of which consist of cellular substance, supplied with bloodvessels, and lined, internally, with a soft mucous covering. At its origin it embraces the neck of the uterus, which usually projects a little, and whose opening is denominated os tincæ, from a supposed resemblance to the mouth of a tench. It is considered as terminating at the orifice of the urthera, in the vulva, the common cavity opening externally, and exhibiting, in the different species, very remarkable peculiarities.
The manner in which the uterine system is excited to action, so as to produce impregnation, appears to be involved in the deepest obscurity. Various conjectures have been proposed, and hypotheses advanced, in the absence of accurate observation or decisive experiment. That the impregnating fluid is conveyed through the uterus and oviducts to the ovarium, is rendered probable, by the circumstance, that many of the eggs or germs of those
animals which produce many young at a birth, never reach the uterus, but are retained in the remote extremities of the horns, where they are brought to maturity. But the following experiment, which has been repeated by many observers, puts the subject beyond a doubt. When one of the oviducts is divided, as has been tried with rabbits, the corresponding ovarium, though capable of producing corpora lutea, cannot generate a fœtus or impregnated germ *. How the sperm penetrates the small mouths of the oviducts to be conveyed to the ovarium, will not likely be soon determined. A small portion probably suffices to produce the effect, as is known to be the case with oviparous animals and plants. It is not ascertained in the case of those animals which produce but one at a birth, whether the ovaria contribute the germs irregularly or in succession. But it is probable that, in the case of twins †, and where more males than one are admitted, as in the dog, both ovaria contribute their share.
* See some interesting experiments in reference to this subject by Dr HAIGHTON, Phil. Trans. 1797, p. 159.; and by Mr CRUICKSHANKS, ib. p. 197.
†There is a very curious instance of a white woman producing twins, one white, and the other a negro, in Dr ELLIOTSON'S valuable Translation of BLUMENBACH'S "Institutions of Physiology," p. 331.—" A white woman of very gay character left her husband, and some time afterwards returned pregnant to her parish, and was delivered in the work-house of twins,"—" one of which," says Mr BLACKALLER (of Weybridge), in an account which he very handsomely sent me, "was born of a darker colour than I have usually observed the infants of negroes in the West Indies; the hair quite black, with the woolly appearance usual to them, with nose flat and lips thick; the second child had all the common appearances of white children."
Where fœtuses occur with additional parts, such as a double head, or where two bodies are united at a particular part, as in the celebrated Hungarian sisters, has the monstrosity been produced by the evolution of a double ovum, or by the union of two ova in the uterus ? Many circumstances countenance the latter supposition.
The particular period of life at which the organs of reproduction become qualified for the exercise of their peculiar functions, appears to be influenced by several circumstances. When the body arrives at maturity, in respect to size and strength, by slow degrees, as is the case with man, the term of puberty is proportionally distant from birth. On the other hand, when maturity of size and strength is quickly attained, as is the case with rabbits, the term of puberty as quickly arrives. In all these cases, however, puberty precedes by months or years the maturity of the body. In the human race, puberty takes place at an earlier period in the female than in the male. Even among individuals of the same species, very remarkable differences prevail. In general, however, it is observed, that all those circumstances, whether food or shelter, which accelerate the growth of the body, exercise a proportional influence on the reproductive system, so that the period of puberty is uniformly earlier in domesticated than in wild animals, and in those which are fed plentifully with food than in those which are scantily supplied. The same circumstances seem to operate in the production of ova, domesticated animals being more fertile than wild ones of the same species *.
* There is a very remarkable difference in this respect between animals and vegetables; the reproductive system of the former exerting itself prematurely when the body is liberally supplied with nourishment, while in the latter a scanty supply of nourishment promotes, and a liberal supply retards, early flowering. A tree planted in a poor soil, or one unfavourable to its growth, will announce to the owner the unsuitableness of its situation by the production of flowers and seed, while the same species growing in a better, will not produce flowers, but merely increase in size.
Many productive operations of horticulture depend upon this singular law. Dwarfing, laying bare some of the roots of trees in winter, transplanting, paring off portions of the bark, and tying wires round the stems, are each calculated to diminish the supply of food sent to the branches, and are well known to accelerate the production of fruit. Many seeds, upon being kept two or more years, according to the same law, are less disposed to run to straw, or are more productive of flowers and seeds than those which are sown in the first year.
In every species, except man, there is a particular period of the year in which the reproductive system exercises its energies. Domestication brings on this period earlier than ordinary, and in those animals which have several births in a season, their frequency is considerably increased. In all cases, however, as I have formerly mentioned, the season of love and the period of gestation are so admirably arranged, that the young ones are produced at the time wherein the conditions of temperature and food are most suitable to the commencement of life.
In some animals only one ovum is impregnated, and only one fœtus is produced each time. In others, many ova are impregnated at once, and a corresponding number of fœtuses are produced at a birth. The circumstances which limit the number of ova each individual is capable of producing, during life, have not been determined. Much depends on the healthy state of the ovaria, and the quantity of nourishment with which they are supplied. When one ovarium was extracted in the sow, HUNTER observed that the number of pigs produced at a farrow, was not diminished, nor the periods between the farrows lengthened; while she ceased to become pregnant much sooner, and did not produce one-half as many as a perfect sow, with which she was compared *.
When the sexual union has taken place, and the impregnated germ has been detached from the ovarium, it is deposited in the uterus, for the purpose of being brought to maturity, or at least for being prepared for birth. This
germination or evolution appears to take place in quadrupeds according to two different plans. In the first, there is no adhesion of the germ to the walls of the uterus, while, in the second, placentation or adhesion takes place.
In the Marsupial genera, which we have seen are furnished with a complicated uterus, there is no trace, in the young, after birth, of any umbilical cord; at least Sir E. HOME could not detect any in the fœtus of the kangaroo after exclusion *. He has given a representation of a substance found in an impregnated uterus †, which he conceives to be a fœtus, in an early stage of formation; but which does not bear the remotest resemblance to the subject. From the communications made to him by Mr CONSIDEN, it appears that the impregnated uterus is filled with a gelatinous substance, of a bluish-white colour, in consistence like half melted glue, and so extremely adhesive as to be with difficulty washed off from the fingers. From the observations of Mr BELL, which were likewise communicated to Sir E.Home†, it appears that the double uterus of the wombat is filled, in its impregnated state, with the same kind of gelatinous substance which closes up the ora tincæ. "I made a longitudinal incision into the largest of the uteri, and found its coats lined with the same jelly met with in its os tincæ. Continuing the incision through this jelly, and at the same time using gentle pressure, there issued a quantity of a thin pellucid fluid, accompanied by an embryo wrapped up in very fine membranes, which contained some of the same transparent fluid. The membranes did not appear to be at all connected by vessels either to the uterus or gelatinous matter. I
The origin of this gelatinous substance has not been satisfactorily ascertained. As the coats of the uterus are thin, it is scarcely to be considered as a secretion from these, but is more likely to proceed either from the oviducts or lateral canals. But the manner in which the fœtus is nourished in this jelly, is a question which remains to be determined.
The evolution of the ovum by means of placentation, is the most common method observed by Nature, and has been longest known and studied by physiologists. The ovum is first attached to the walls of the uterus, which are lined for this purpose with a layer of lymph, termed membrana decidua; a vascular body termed a placenta, is then generated, in which the minute branches of the enlarged uterine arteries terminate, and from which the vessels destined to convey the blood for the nourishment of the fœtus take their rise. The blood is returned from the fœtus by other vessels which terminate in the placenta. These vessels, which unite the fœtus with the placenta, are collected into the umbilical cord or Navel-string, so named in consequence of the form exhibited, and the place of insertion in the fœtus. At the commencement of this evolution, the os tinæ; is obstructed by a glairy matter, which, while it closes the aperture, prevents the adhesion of the margins. But, in order to illustrate this curious subject still farther, it will be necessary to return to the structure of the ovum.
The ovum, after it has sufficiently increased in size, appears to be surrounded by two membranes or involucra. The innermost one is termed amnios, and the external one chorion.
The amnios is destined to secrete a peculiar fluid, termed liquor amnii, with which the fœtus is surrounded. This
fluid exhibits very different properties, according to the species from which it is obtained. The skin of the fœtus is frequently covered with a fatty matter, which some consider as a deposition from the liquor amnii, but which others, with greater propriety, regard as a cutaneous secretion. Indeed, suspicions have arisen that the liquor itself is secreted by the fœtus; and these are countenanced by the circumstance, that, in the amnios of some species, as man, no bloodvessels can be traced in its structure. Whatever may be its origin, it is obviously useful in protecting the fœtus from being injured by any sudden shock, or compression.
The chorion, in many animals, serves the purpose of a support to the vessels which form the umbilical cord. It joins the amnios at the umbilical cord, and is united with the uterus wherever there is a placenta. In the sow and mare it is united to the whole internal surface of the uterus by numerous tubercles. In the ruminating quadrupeds these tubercles appear to collect in groups, which have been termed cotyledons. These consist of the glandulæ uterinæ or fleshy excrescence of the inner surface of the uterus, and the carunculæ or corresponding glands of the chorion. In the sheep and goat the glandulæ are concave, and receive the convex surface of the carunculæ, while this arrangement is reversed in the cow and deer. The third kind of placenta may be considered as arising from the more complete union of the tubercles, not into cotyledons, but into two masses, sometimes only one, either lying close together, or spread out like a belt.
In many quadrupeds there is a peculiar sac, termed allantois, which occurs between the amnios and chorion in some cases, as the mare, occupying the whole cavity; in others, as the sheep and cow, it is more limited in its ex-
tent *. It is destitute of bloodvessels. Its neck enters the fœtus along with the umbilical cord, and joins with the urachus of the bladder. It is the receptacle of the urine of the fœtus. In the allantois of the mare and the sow, there is a fleshy-like mass, which some have considered as a sediment from the urine, but whose nature has never been examined. It has been long known by the name of horsevenom, or hippomanes †.
In the same situation as the allantois, but unconnected with the urachus, is found, in some of the digitated quadrupeds, as the dog and cat, a peculiar organ termed tunica erythroides. It is connected with the mesenteric veins of the fœtus, and in the early part of pregnancy is filled with a watery fluid.
The condition of the germ, when detached from the ovarium, has not been satisfactorily determined. It is destitute of character, and too minute and delicate for accurate observation. In the uterus, however, it soon expands, its investing membranes become more apparent, and an opake spot at length appears, the rudiment of the fœtus †. The manner in which the whole ovum is nourished at this period, is veiled in obscurity. But after the germ has evolved, and the connection with the uterus been established by the circulating system, the means of growth are more obvious. The blood of the placenta is absorbed by the umbilical vein of the fœtus, and while part is convey-
* The allantois of the cow is frequently preserved in a dried state, and used to protect the surface of sores from the action of the air.
† This last term, as used by ARISTOTLE, Hist. An. viii. 24. refers to the mucus on the skin of a foal at birth, which the mother removes by licking; or, as in vi.18. to the humor ex equarum equientium naturalibus distillans.
† HALLER found this opake spot in the sheep on the nineteenth day after impregnation. HAIGHTON observed it in the rabbit on the tenth day.
ed directly to the liver, the other portion goes to the pulmonic auricle by the inferior vena cava. The septum between the pulmonic and systemic auricle is at this time incomplete, there being a valvular aperture termed foramen ovale. Through this opening part of the blood in the pulmonic auricle escapes into the systemic auricle, and the remaining portion, passing into the pulmonary artery, instead of going directly to the lungs, is conveyed to the aorta, by a passage termed ductus arteriosus. The blood thus expelled by the systemic ventricle into the aorta, is conveyed to the different parts of the body, but a great part is conveyed back to the placenta by the umbilical arteries, which take their rise from the iliacs.
Although the fœtus is thus nourished by blood derived from the mother, the communication is so indirect, that no injection into the uterine vessels passes into the fœtus, and no injection of the fœtus reaches the vessels of the mother. The two sets of vessels, therefore, do not anastomose. The imperfect connection of the vessels is still farther demonstrated by the superior rapidity of circulation in the fœtus, when compared with the mother, the heart of the former, in the human subject, beating about one hundred and twenty times in a minute. The circulation of the fœtus even continues for some time after the death of the mother. But however indirect the communication between the two circulating systems, the condition of the mother still exercises a considerable influence over the growth of the fœtus. A derangement in the flow of her blood, by diminishing the quantity sent to the placenta, must consequently reduce the supply to the umbilical veins *. A diseased state of the mother is likewise frequently communicated to the fœtus.
* Where more fœtuses than usual are generated in the uterus, the supply of nourishment being thus divided, they seldom reach the ordinary size, and not unfrequently one or more of them are permanently imperfect. When the cow produces twins, their sexual organs are frequently imperfect, and they are incapable of procreation, particularly when the one happens to be a male, and the other a female. Such examples are termed Free Martins.— See HUNTER'S Account of the Free Martin, Phil. Trans, vol. lxix. p. 279, or "Observations on certain parts of the Animal Economy," p. 45.
From the very imperfect organical connection which thus prevails between the mother and the fœtus, it must appear surprising, that the latter should ever be influenced in its form or markings by the mental emotions of the former. Yet, in spite of the difficulty of accounting for the manner in which the effects are produced, the instances are too numerous and well authenticated to be disregarded, in which the imagination of the mother, in the human species, during pregnancy, has impressed upon the fœtus the marks of its high excitements. There are a few well-authenticated instances of the same kind among the inferior animals *.
* In the Extracts from the Minute-book of the Linnean Society of London, there is given "the following account from Mr GEORGE MILNE, F. L. S. respecting the effect of the imagination of a female cat on the fœtus in the womb: One afternoon in the month of May (1806) last, while myself and family were at tea, a young female cat, which, on account of extreme playfulness, had become a great favourite, was lying on the hearth. She was pregnant for the second time, and had arrived, as nearly as I can recollect, at the middle period of gestation. A servant handing the tea-kettle, or doing some office which led her to pass between the fire and the table, trod very heavily on the creature's tail. She screamed most frightfully, and ran out of the room; and from the nature of the noise which she emitted, it was evident that a considerable degree of terror mingled with the sense of injury. But from a circumstance so extremely common, no extraordinary result was expected, and the poor cat's tail was no more thought of, until the final period of gestation, when we were surprised with the phenomenon which has given occasion to this communication. She dropped five kittens; one, which exactly resembled herself, was apparently perfect; but the other four had the tail most remarkably distorted. About one-third of the length, reckoning from the base, there was a nodus equal in size to a very large pea, or about twice as thick as the tail itself; the remaining portion being turned on one side, at an angle nearly approaching to a right angle: and what may deserve notice, all of them turned the same way, towards the left side. I was urged to rear one of them as a curiosity; but, conceiving that it might grow up rather a disgusting object, I had the whole destroyed, preserving only the one which appeared to be perfect. That one I kept about a month, when it was seized, as well as the mother, with a disorder which greatly enfeebled it; and to save the parent, I destroyed the offspring. But it was previously discovered, that this also had the tail distorted, and turned aside at a considerable angle, although free from the knot which distinguished the other four," —Lin. Trans. vol. ix. p. 323.
These results appear still more surprising, when we consider that both the absorbing vessels of the fœtus, and likewise its nervous system, appear to act but feebly; as virulent poisons injected into the pleura, peritoneum, or cellular tissue, do not appear to produce any decidedly deleterious effects *.
The circumstances on which the sex of the fœtus depends, though removed beyond the reach of observation, have nevertheless been the subject of conjecture. Many years ago, Sir F.H. EYLES STILES, in reference to monœcious and diœcious plants, advanced the opinion, that "in all cases where the male and female organs are found separate, the defect is not in the flowrer, which I suppose to be originally instructed with the rudiments of the organs of both sexes, but that it arises from some circumstances in the plant, that determines it to blow the one organ and not the other †. An opinion somewhat similar is adopted by Sir EVERARD HOME, with regard to quadrupeds. He supposes "the ovum, previous to impregnation, to have no distinction of sex, but to be so formed as to be equally fitted to become a male or female fœtus; and that it is the process of impregnation which marks the distinction, and conduces to produce either testicles or ova-
ria, out of the same materials *." The circumstances which seem to countenance this conjecture, and which are enumerated in the note below, appear, when carefully
* Phil. Trans, vol. lxxxix. p. 175. where he adds: "The following circumstances are in favour of this opinion. The testicles and ovaria are formed originally in the same situation, although the testicles, even before the fœtus has advanced to the eighth month, are to change their situation to a part at a considerable distance.
" The clitoris, in fœtuses under four months, is so large as to be often mistaken for a penis. Preparations to shew the size of the clitoris at this age, are preserved in Mr HUNTER'S collection; and M. FERRIEN mentions it, with a view to explain an erroneous opinion that prevailed in France, that the greater number of miscarriages between three and four months have been remarked to be males; which mistake arose from the above circumstance.
The clitoris, originally, appears therefore equally fitted to be a clitoris or penis, as it may be influenced by the ovarium or testicle.
In considering this subject, it is curious to observe the number of secondary parts, which appear so contrived that they may be equally adapted to the organs of the male or female.
In those quadrupeds whose females have mammæ inguinales, the males have also teats in the same situation; so that the same bag which contains the testicles of the male, is adapted to the mammæ of the female. In the human species, which have the mammæ pectorales, the scrotum of the male serves the purpose of forming the labia pudendi of the female, and the preputium makes the nymphæ. The male has pectoral nipples, as well as the female; and, in many infants, milk, or a fluid analogous to it, is secreted, which proves the existence of a glandular structure under the nipple.
This circumstance, when added to the instances already related, of an hermaphrodite bull, and of wethers giving suck, affords a strong presumption that the rudiments of the mammæ exist in the male, and, in some few instances, have been brought to perfection, either by an original mixture of organs, early emasculation, or other changes with which we are unacquainted.
If it is allowed that the sex is impressed upon the ovum at the time of impregnation, it may, in some measure, account for the free martin, when two young are to be impressed with different sexes of impregnation; which must be a less simple operation, and therefore more liable to a partial failure, than when two or any greater number of ova are impressed with the same sex. It may also account for twins being most commonly of the same sex; and, when they are of different sexes, it leads us to inquire whether the female, when grown up, has not in some instances less of the true female character than other women, and is not incapable of having children. It is curious, and in some measure to the purpose, that in some countries, nurses and midwives have a prejudice that such twins seldom breed.
This view of the subject throws some light on those cases where the testicles are substituted for the ovaria; since whenever the impregnation fails in stamping the ovum with a perfect impression of either sex, the part formed will neither be an ovarium nor a testicle, sometimes bearing a greater resemblance to the one, sometimes to the other; and may, according to circumstances, either remain in the natural situation of the ovaria, or pass into the situation proper to the testicle, whether it is the scrotum of the male, or the labia pudendi of the female."
examined, rather of a doubtful character, or leading to a conclusion somewhat different from the one which they are brought forward to support.
If the determination of the sex takes place at the period of impregnation, the common origin of the testicles and ovaria only indicate that in the fœtus there is a peculiar situation appointed where the production of the essential parts of the reproductive system is to take place; since previous to the organisation of any part of that system, it is fixed whether a testicle or an ovarium is to be produced. Again, if the sex is thus determined in the impregnated ovum, we might expect the peculiar characters of the sex more strongly impressed upon the fœtus than they are known to be; and instead of finding the clitoris, (upon the supposition that it is capable of being changed into a penis,) of such singular dimensions, its total absence in the female might rather be expected. Both these circumstances rather intimate, that the ovum is neuter, that the sexual organs are in part developed previous to the determination of the particular sex, or, in other words, after the egg has germinated, and the organs are in some measure evolved. There are some facts,
however, which militate equally against the opinions, that the determination of the sex takes place in the ovum, or in the fœtus. Mr KNIGHT, whose experiments on plants have greatly enlarged the bounds of vegetable physiology, has communicated the following observations in reference to the subject under consideration. "In several species of domesticated or cultivated animals (I believe in all,) particular females are found to produce a very large majority, and sometimes all their offspring of the same sex; and I have proved repeatedly, that, by dividing a herd of thirty cows into three equal parts, I could calculate, with confidence, upon a large majority of females from one part, of males from another, and upon nearly an equal number of males and females from the remainder. I frequently endeavoured to change their habits, by changing the male; but always without success; and I have in some instances observed the offspring of one sex, though obtained from different males, to exceed those of the other, in the proportion of five or six, and even seven to one. When, on the contrary, I have attended to the numerous offspring of a single bull, or ram, or horse, I have never seen any considerable difference in the number of offspring of either sex*. Such observations rather support the conclusions, that the sex of the ovum is determined previous to im-
* "On the Comparative Influence of Male and Female Parents on their Offspring," Phil. Trans. 1809, p. 397.There are some facts, however, which daily occur in the human species, which appear to indicate that the influence of the male in determining the sex of the fœtus is considerable. The following very singular one is from p. 21. of the appendix to Dr GARTHSHORE'S paper, on "A remarkable case of numerous births, with observations," Phil. Trans. 1787, p. 344. "Mr KIRWAN, a very respectable philosopher, and Fellow of the Royal Society, has often told me, that he had conversed with a gentleman, who affirmed to him, that he himself was the youngest of forty sons, all produced in succession from three different wives, by one father, in Ireland, and who all arrived at the age of manhood; and Mr KIRWAN often declared, he had no reason to doubt the truth of this relation,"
pregnation. In whatever manner the determination of the sexes is effected, we perceive, that, among the number actually produced, the males and females bear such a relative proportion, as to secure a continuance of the race.
The time which elapses between the sexual union, and consequent impregnation of the ovum, to the perfection of the fœtus and its expulsion by birth, differs greatly according to the species, and does not appear to be regulated by any peculiar systems of organization. The term of gestation in the lionness and sheep is the same, or five months; the horse and the ass, animals of the same genus, have similar terms, eleven months; while the cow and the buffalo, likewise belonging to one genus, have dissimilar terms, the former going with young nine months, while the gestation of the latter occupies twelve. Even different individuals of the same species vary this respect a few days, and even the same individual at different times.
At birth, the fœtus is expelled the uterus, the connection with the placenta ceases by the division of the umbilical cord, the enveloping membranes are torn asunder, and the young animal leaves its watery dwelling to enjoy a more independent existence. The blood from the heart, now interrupted in its exit from the system through the umbilical arteries, is transmitted in quantity to the lungs, the thorax is thereby excited to action, and the important function of respiration commences. The bloodvessels which were necessary to carry on the modified circulation with the placenta, together with the ductus arteriosus, and urachus, change their nature, and are converted into ligaments. The foramen ovale likewise closes, unless in some of those qua-
drupeds which live and dive much in water. The liver, the renal glands, and the thyroid gland, now diminish considerably in size. The thymous gland, which is seated under the sternum, and ascends on each side, as far as the neck, now likewise gradually diminishes in size; and, in old age, not unfrequently disappears.
The situation of young animals at birth, in reference to the locomotive powers, points out three very remarkable modifications. In the first, the young at birth are completely formed, and capable at once of moving about, and following the footsteps of the mother. These require merely a regular supply of food, and protection from danger. In the second, the young are so imperfect, that they are incapable of following the mother, and are therefore carried about by her. Among these, some, as the human female, carry about the young in their arms; while, among the marsupial animals, there is a ventral cavity into which the young are dropped at birth, and where they are nourished for some time. The young of these last are very imperfect at birth. In the third class, the young are incapable of following the mother, and she is equally unfit for carrying them. In this case, they are deposited in a nest concealed from the light, and nourished by the mother at stated intervals. So far as I know, the young, in these cases, are born blind; and, in some species, the external orifice of the ear is likewise closed. The maternal duties imposed on animals of the first class are few, when compared with those which the species of the second and third classes have to fulfil in reference to cleanliness and temperature.
The nourishment of young viviparous animals, consists of milk secreted in the teats. These organs consist of numerous glands united into a mass by cellular substance and fat. The ducts gradually unite, and at last open, in the nipple, in women, by numerous, in the lower animals, by
one or two, apertures. The teats are named, from their situation, either Pectoral, Abdominal, or Inguinal. They, in general, exceed the number of young produced at a birth, but exhibit very remarkable variations, according to the species, and even among individuals of the same species.
The milk is usually of a white colour, with various shades of yellow, differing remarkably according to the species. It is somewhat heavier than water, but boils and freezes nearly at the same temperature as that fluid. It slightly reddens vegetable blues.
When allowed to rest, it separates into two portions, one of which, termed Cream, is the lightest, and forms a layer on the surface of the Skimmed-milk below.
The cream consists of three ingredients, butter, cheese, and whey, in the following proportion in a hundred parts, of cow's milk, butter, 4.5, cheese 3.5, whey 92.0*. It was of the specific gravity of 1.0244. The skimmed milk yieldin a thousand parts, water 928,75, cheese, with a trace of butter, 28, sugar of milk 35, muriat of potash 1.70, phosphat of potash 25, lactic acid, acetat of potash, with a trace of lactat of iron, 6, earthy phosphats 0.30. Its specific gravity was 1.033 †. The salts of milk have been still more minutely investigated by C. F. SCHWARZ, who obtained from a thousand parts of cow's milk, phosphat of lime 1,805, phosphat of magnesia 0.170, phosphat of iron 0.032, phosphat of soda 0.225, muriat of potash 1.350, lactate of soda 0.115 = 3.697. A thousand parts of woman's milk yielded, phosphat of lime 2.500, phosphat of magnesia 0.500, phosphat of iron 0.007, phosphat of soda 0.400, muriat of potash 0.700, lactat of soda 0.300=4.407†.
Woman's milk contains more cream than the milk of the cow; and the cheese and butter are so intimately united that it is very difficult to effect their separation. The milk of all the other animals which has been examined, contains similar ingredients, but in variable proportions.
The most nutritious portion of the milk is usually considered as the cheese, which approaches in its nature to albumen. The claims, however, of all the other ingredients to be considered as nutritious, are equally strong. They are constantly present, and consist of ingredients needed by the young system.
During the first periods of infancy, milk is the only diet administered to the young animal. All the parts of the mouth are at the same time soft, and adapted exclusively for sucking, without injuring the nipple. By the time the teeth make their appearance, the young animal is beginning to imitate the actions of its mother, and attempting to eat of the food which she employs. Weaning now takes place, and independent existence may be said to commence. Between this period and old age, there are several important stages which may be briefly noticed. The casting of the teeth is the mark of increased activity in the system. The old ones drop out, or are worn away, and new ones, better adapted for acting upon the food now made use of, supply their place. Puberty speedily takes place, and the development and influence of the organs of the reproductive system, communicate to the individual impressive marks of sexual distinction. Maturity succeeds, with its accompanying strength and energy. Old age at length approaches, with its feebleness and inactivity, and a diminished power of generating heat or cold. The hair approaches to whiteness. The teeth fall out, and the means of obtaining food thus failing, the body sinks to rest. Man is the only animal that can counteract the fatal consequences attending
the loss of teeth, by adapting his food to the altered state of the masticating organs, and thus outlive the period at which the life of the other species is doomed to cease.
Having thus given a general view of the sexual organs of viviparous animals, and the manner in which these exercise their functions, we are next led to consider a second class of animals with distinct sexes, in which, however, the ovum is not nourished by the circulating system of the mother.
AMONG the viviparous animals, the reproductive organs present many points of resemblance, and appear to be constructed according to a common model. It is otherwise with the sexual organs of the oviparous tribes, which we are now to consider. They exhibit such remarkable differences in the form and structure of all their organs, and occupy so many different situations, that it is impossible to collect them into natural groups, or assign to them characters which they have in common. It will be expedient, therefore, in this place, to avoid all minuteness of detail, and to take notice of the peculiar modifications of the sexual organs exhibited by particular tribes, when we come to treat of these in the general classification.
1. Male organs.—In the essential parts of the male organs of oviparous animals, few modifications of any consequence present themselves. The testes are always concealed in the abdomen. They are in general two in number, and obviously distinct from each other; but in some cases, among the mollusca, and annulosa, they appear to be collected in a single group. The spermatic duct is either double or single, according to the structure of the organ from which it proceeds; and at its external termination in birds, for example, either opens into a tubular penis,
as in the drake, and many species of the inferior classes; at the base of a solid penis, along which there is a groove, as in the ostrich, or in one or two tubercles, situated in the cloaca, the common opening of the ureters and rectum.
The influence of the season of love is much more considerable on the male organs of oviparous than viviparous animals. They increase to an extraordinary size, appear full of sperm, and occupy a large portion of the cavity of the abdomen. At other seasons they diminish so much, as in some cases to be detected with difficulty.
1. Female organs.—Among the oviparous animals, the female organs exhibit very remarkable differences in their structure and functions. In birds the ovarium is single, while in fishes it is double. The oviduct either leads to the cloaca directly, or suffers a previous uterine enlargement, or it terminates in a tubular elongation, to which the name of ovipositor has been applied.
Before considering the manner in which impregnation takes place, it is necessary to give a general view of the structure of the egg, employing that of the hen as an example. The shell or external covering, consists, according to VAUQUELIN, of 89.6 of carbonat of lime, 5.7 of phosphat of lime, and 4.7 of animal matter. It is penetrated by numerous pores, through which air passes during incubation. On its inner surface, and as an integument to the remaining contents, is found the firm, white membrane termed membrana albuminis. At the larger end of the egg, this membrane includes a cavity, filled with atmospheric air, termed folliculus aëris, which, by degrees, enlarges during incubation. The membrane includes the glaire or white, divisible into two layers, each surrounded by a delicate membrane. The external layer is the most fluid and transparent. The centre of the egg is occupied with the yolk, enveloped by its peculiar membrane, termed the
yolk-bag. From each end of the yolk proceeds a white knotty body, which terminates in the glaire by a white flocculent extremity. These knotty bodies are called the chalazæ or grandines. What is termed the cicatricula, or tread of the cock, is a round milk-white spot, formed after impregnation, on the surface of the yolk-bag, and surrounded with whitish concentric circles, termed halones. The glaire contains chiefly albumen and water, and the yolk has, in addition, a portion of oil, to which it owes its yellow colour.
The glaire and the yolk are common to all eggs, differing greatly, however, in many of their characters. Where the egg is destined to be hatched in water, the glaire is a substance intermediate between gelatine and albumen, and capable of resisting the macerating effects of the surrounding fluid. The yolk is sometimes single, as in the eggs of insects, or compound, producing in one egg many young, as in some species of leeches. The membrana albuminis is present in many eggs, while, in several cases, the glaire of many yolks is united to form a connected mass.
In birds, the ovarium appears like a bunch of grapes, consisting of the bags containing the yolks, with their stalks of attachment. When the yolk has attained its full size, the bag or calyx in which it is contained, analogous to a corpus luteum, exhibits a white shining line, marking the intended opening, which at length takes place, and suffers the yolk to escape into the expanded extremity of the oviduct. The calyx is by degrees absorbed, and in old age nearly disappears. The yolk, in passing along the oviduct, acquires the glaire, and likewise the shell, and becomes fit for exclusion.
The manner in which the eggs of birds are impregnated by the male has not been satisfactorily determined. With the exception of the cicatricula, a bird, in the absence of a
male, can produce an egg. The conjunction of the sexes, however, is necessary for the impregnation of the egg, and the effect is produced previous to the exclusion.
In many kinds of fishes and reptiles, the yolks, after being furnished with their glaire, are ejected from the body of the female, and the impregnating fluid of the male is afterwards poured over them. Impregnation can be effected readily in such cases, by the artificial application of the spermatic fluid.
Impregnation in insects appears to take place while the eggs pass a reservoir containing the sperm, situated near the termination of the oviduct in the vulva. "In dissecting," says JOHN HUNTER, to whom we owe the discovery, "the female parts in the silk moth, I discovered a bag lying on what may be called the vagina, or common oviduct, whose mouth or opening was external, but it had a canal of communication between it and the common oviduct. In dissecting these parts before copulation, I found this bag empty; and when I dissected them after, I found it full*." By the most decisive experiments, such as covering the ova of the unimpregnated moth, after exclusion, with the liquor taken from this bag in those which had sexual intercourse, and rendering them fertile, he demonstrated that this bag was a reservoir for the spermatic fluid, to impregnate the eggs as they were ready for exclusion, and that coition and impregnation were not simultaneous. It has not been determined whether the same arrangement prevails in all insects. This is a very near approach to the external impregnation of the ova, as it takes place in many fishes and reptiles.
quires a determinate temperature to excite the germ to action; the nourishment is obtained from the glaire and the yolk by means of umbilical vessels, and the process of aëration is effected through the pores of the shell, and the walls of the folliculus aëris, or by the intervention of the common membrane or glaire *. The hatching is accomplished at different periods, and by the use of different means.
* The following description of the appearances of the incubated egg of the common hen, may not be unacceptable to the reader: "A small shining spot of an elongated form, with rounded extremities, but narrowest in the middle, is perceived at the end of the first day, not in nor upon the cicatricula, but very near that part on the yolk-bag. This may be said to appear beforehand, as the abode of the chick which is to follow:"—"No trace of the latter can be discerned before the beginning of the second day; and then it has an incurvated form, resembling a gelatinous filament with large extremities, very closely surrounded by the amnion, which at first can scarcely be distinguished from it.
"About this time the halones enlarge their circles; but they soon after disappear entirely, as well as the cicatricula.
The first appearance of red blood is discerned on the surface of the yolk-bag, towards the end of the second day. A series of points is observed, which form grooves, and these closing, constitute vessels, the trunks of which become connected to the chick. The vascular surface itself is called figura venosa, or area vasculosa; and the vessel by which its margin is defined, vena terminalis. The trunk of all the veins joins the venæ portæ; while the arteries which ramify on the yolk-bag arise from the mesenteric artery of the chick.
On the commencement of the third day, the newly formed heart is discerned by means of its triple pulsation, and constitutes a threefold punctum saliens. Some parts of the incubated chicken are destined to undergo successive alterations in their form, and this holds good of the heart in particular. In its first formation, it resembles a tortuous canal, and consists of three dilatations lying close together, and arranged in a triangle. One of these, which is properly the right, is then the common auricle, the other is the common ventricle, but afterwards the left; and the third is the dilated part of the aorta.
About the same time, the spine, which was originally extended in a straight line, becomes incurvated; and the distinction of the vertebræ is very plain. The eyes may be distinguished by their black pigment, and comparatively immense size; and they are afterwards remarkable in consequence of a peculiar slit in the lower part of the iris.
From the fourth day, when the chicken has attained the length of four lines, and its most important abdominal viscera, as the stomach, intestines, and liver, are visible, (the gall-bladder, however, does not appear till the sixth day), a vascular membrane (chorion, or membrana umbilicalis), begins to form about the navel, and encreases in the following days with such rapidity, that it covers nearly the whole inner surface of the shell within the membrana albuminis, during the latter half of incubation. This seems to supply the place of the lungs, and to carry on the respiratory process instead of those organs. The lungs themselves begin, indeed, to be formed on the fifth day; but, as in the fetus of the mammalia, they must be quite incapable of performing their functions while the chick is contained in the amnion.
Ossification commences on the ninth day, when the ossific juice is first secreted, and hardened into bony points. These form the rudiments of the bony ring of the sclerotica, which resembles at that time a circular row of the most delicate pearls.
On the fourteenth day, the feathers appear; and the animal is now able to open its mouth for air, if taken out of the egg.
On the nineteenth day, it is able to utter sounds; and on the twenty-first to break through its prison, and commence a second life.
The chorion, that most simple yet most perfect temporary substitute for the lungs, if examined in the latter half of incubation in an egg very cautiously opened, presents, without any artificial injection, one of the most splendid spectacles that occurs in the whole organic creation. It exhibits a surface covered with numberless ramifications of venous and arterial vessels. The latter are of the bright scarlet colour, as they are carrying oxygenated blood to the chick; the veins, on the contrary, are of the deep or livid red, and bring the carbonated blood from the body of the animal. Their trunks are connected with the iliac vessels, and, on account of the thinness of their coats, they afford the best microscopical object for demonstrating the circulation in a warm-blooded animal.
The other membrane, the membrana vitelli, is also connected to the body of the chick, but by a twofold union, and in a very different manner from the former. It is joined to the small intestine by means of the ductus vitello-intestinales: and also, by the bloodvessels which have been already mentioned, with the mesenteric artery and vena portæ.
In the course of the incubation, the yolk becomes constantly thinner and paler by the admixture of the inner white. At the same time, innumerable fringe-like vessels with flocculent extremities, of a most singular and unexampled structure, form on the inner surface of the yolk-bag, opposite to the yellow ramified marks above mentioned, and hang into the yolk. There can be no doubt that they have the office of absorbing the yolk, and conveying it into the veins of the yolk-bag; where it is assimilated to the blood, and applied to the nutrition of the chick. Thus, in the chicken which has just quitted the egg, there is only a remainder of the yolk and its bag to be discovered in the abdomen. These are completely removed in the following weeks, so that the only remaining trace is a kind of cicatrix on the surface of the intestine."—BLUMENBACH'S Comparative Anatomy, London, 1807, p. 479–484.
The most simple mode of hatching is effected by the situation in which the eggs are placed by the mother, after
or during their exclusion. In this mode, a place is usually selected where the egg will be exposed to a suitable and uniform temperature, and where a convenient supply of food may be easily obtained for the young animals. Such arrangements prevail in insects.
In the second, the mother (aided in some cases by the sire) forms a nest, in which she deposits her eggs, and, sitting upon them, aids their hatching by the heat of her body. Birds in general hatch their young in this manner.
In the last, the eggs are retained in the uterus, without any connection, however, by circulating vessels, until the period when they are ready to be hatched, when egg and young are expelled at the same time. This takes place in some sharks and mollusca. The animals which exercise this last kind of incubation are termed Ovoviviparous. In
the Rana pipa, the eggs are deposited in a bag on the back, where they are hatched, and where the young animals reside for some time after birth. Some animals, as the Aphis, are oviparous at one season, and ovoviviparous at another.
In what manner the blood of the embryo of ovoviviparous animals is aerated, has not been satisfactorily determined.
The young, after being hatched, are, in many cases, independent of their parent, and do not stand in need of any assistance: they are born in the midst of plenty, and have organs adapted to the supply of their wants. Thus, many insects are hatched on, or within the very leaves which they are afterwards to devour. In other cases, the young are able to follow their parents, and receive from them a supply of appropriate food; or if unable to follow, their parents bring their food to the nests.
The changes which the young of oviparous animals undergo in passing from infancy to maturity, have long attracted the notice of the inquisitive observer. The egg of the frog is hatched in the water, and the young animal spends in that element a part of its youth. While there, it is furnished with a tail and external branchiæ; both of which are absorbed, and disappear, when it becomes an inhabitant of the land. The infancy of the butterfly is spent in the caterpillar-state, with organs of motion and mastication which are peculiar to that period. It is destined to endure a second hatching, by becoming enveloped in a covering, and suffering a transformation of parts previous to appearing in its state of maturity. These metamorphoses of oviparous animals present an almost infinite variety of degrees of change, differing in character according to the tribes or genera.
In birds, it is well known that one sexual union suffices for the production of impregnated eggs during the period
of laying. This is a case somewhat analogous to those quadrupeds which produce several young at a birth with one impregnation, differing, however, in the circumstance that the eggs are not all produced at the same time, although they are afterwards hatched by the same incubation. In the aphides, or plant-lice, as they are called, one impregnation not only renders fertile the eggs of the individual, but the animals produced from these, and the eggs of those again, unto the ninth generation*.
The structure of the reproductive system in those animals which have the sexes united in the same individual, exhibits two distinct modifications. In the first, Impregnation can only be effected by the union of two individuals. In the second, the hermaphroditism is complete, and impregnation takes place without any assistance.
1. In nearly all those androgynous animals, where there is sexual union, the testicle is single,—there is an external penis,—and the opening for the escape of the spermatic fluid is situated at its base. The ovarium is also single. The external openings of both organs are uniformly situated on one side of the body. In some cases, they terminate in a common cavity, while, in others, the openings of the male and female organs are removed to some distance from each other.
Impregnation, in the animals now under consideration, takes place internally, by the mutual application of the sexual organs of two individuals. The eggs, in a few species, are retained until hatched; but, in general, they are
excluded a short time after impregnation. Even without being impregnated, the female organs can produce eggs similar in size and appearance to the perfect ones, but which, as possessing no vitality, soon go into decay. This we have often witnessed, when a single individual of one of the Lymnæi has been confined in a vessel of water.
Examples of this condition of the reproductive system do not occur in any of the tribes of vertebral animals. They are, however, very common among the mollusca, particularly in the pulmoniferous gasteropoda, as the snail and slug.
2. In those androgynous animals where the hermaphroditism is complete, the male organs have not been satisfactorily ascertained. During the season of conception, the ovarium is replete with a milky fluid, which is probably the sperm, and which has been conjectured to proceed from a testicle concealed by being incorporated with the ovarium.
The eggs, in some cases, are ejected from the body previously to their being hatched, while, in others, they are hatched internally. In these last, as among the Mollusca conchifera, the young are sometimes found in the gills, into which they have escaped from the ovarium.
Examples of this structure of the reproductive system occur in the whole of the molluscous animals belonging to the classes Conchifera and Tunicata.
In the reproductive systems, which we have hitherto been considering, sexual organs could be distinctly perceived. In those to which our attention is now to be directed, neither male nor female organs can be detected. No separate act of impregnation is required; but the young are produced by buds forming on the surface of the body, and
falling off, upon maturity, to the enjoyment of independent existence. The gemmiparous mode of reproduction is very strikingly exemplified in the genus Hydra, or Fresh-water Polypus. The rudiment of the future young polypus appears as a small tubercle, produced by an elevation of the skin of the parent; afterwards it projects still farther, and acquires an opening for its mouth and the tentacula surrounding its margin; a natural separation then takes place between the lower part of the young animal and the skin of the parent, when it becomes detached and independent. Two or more such buds may be observed expanding on the same parent at once; and, previous to the young dropping off, other buds may be observed evolving on their surface.
This mode of reproduction appears to be confined to the class of Zoophytes. It is not, however, the only method of generation exhibited by these animals. The Sertulariæ not only increase by the lateral evolution of their young, but by the production of vesicles containing ova.
As nearly related to the gemmiparous mode of reproduction, we may here take notice of the multiplication of animals by the Spontaneous Division of their bodies. The celebrated ELLIS, in consequence of a hint he received from M. DE SAUSSURE, examined several species of the animalcula infusoria, in which he observed the body begin to contract in the middle, and at length to become divided by a transverse separation. Each of the parts assumed an independent existence *. The celebrated MULLER likewise observed this singular multiplication of individuals taking place both transversely and longitudinally †. A si-
Doubts have been reasonably entertained whether this is a natural mode of propagating individuals. ELLIS delivers his opinion on the subject with little hesitation. "The proportion, (says he), of the number of the animals which I have observed to divide in this manner, to the rest, is scarce 1 to 50; so that it appears rather to arise from hurts received by some few animalcula among the many, than to be the natural manner in which these kinds of animals multiply; especially if we consider the infinite number of young ones which are visible to us through the transparent skins of their bodies, and even the young ones that are visible in those young ones, while in the bodies of the old ones*." The multiplication of individuals by artificial division, countenances such an opinion. The common Hydra, which is naturally gemmiparous, may be cut into two or more parts; and each detached portion, by repairing the wound, and supplying what is defective, will, in a short time, become a perfect animal. Such divisions are similar to slips or grafts in the vegetable kingdom; and although they obviously are merely extensions of an individual, yet, by acquiring new organs, and becoming capable of exercising distinct volitions, they acquire an identity peculiar to themselves. They are multiplications of individuals at least, and, consequently, serve the same purposes as the products of those other modes of generation which have been regarded as more perfect †. They afford very
† Many respectable botanists and horticulturists of the present day appear to regard all plants produced from cuttings, layers, roots or buds, as extensions merely of those plants to which they originally belonged, and as being influenced, in reference to their duration, by circumstances different from those which regulate the continuance of plants obtained immediately from the germination of the seed. MARSHALL, in his Rural Economy of Glocestershire, published 1789, vol. ii. p. 239., remarks, "Engrafted fruits are not permanent, they continue but for a time." KNIGHT, in his Treatise on the Culture of the Apple and Pear, p. 6., has followed up the same idea, when he says, "The continuance of every variety appears to be confined to a certain period, during the early part of which only it can be propagated with advantage to the planter." BUCKNALL carries these views still farther: Trans, Soc. En. Arts vol. xvii. p. 268. "When the first stock shall, by mere dint of old age, fall into actual decay, a nihility of vegetation,—the descendents, however young, or in whatever situation they may be, will gradually decline; and from that time it would become imprudent, in point of profit, to attempt propagating that variety from any of them." From these statements, Sir JAMES E. SMITH, Introd. Bot. p. 138. and 139, seems to consider it as established, that "propagation by seeds is the only true reproduction of plants."
The sympathy which is here considered as prevailing between the parent stock and its extensions or descendents, or the dependence of the life of the latter on the duration of that of the former, the basis of this opinion, is not only unsupported by proof, but is directly at variance with a multitude of common occurrences.
The wall-flower and sweet-william plants, whose natural term of life rarely extends beyond two years, or until all the branches flower once, may be continued for many years, by being propagated by means of cuttings of the slips. Even the annual stem of the Scarlet Lychnis, may be converted into separate plants of many years duration. If the existence of this dependence of the plants derived from cuttings, on the life of the parent plant from which they were taken, can thus be disproved in those species on which we can most easily make accurate observations, it must appear unphilosophical to believe that it exists in those which outlive us by many centuries, and the laws of whose duration, therefore, have not yet been determined.
The distinction between propagation by seed, and extension by cuttings, if restricted to the manner of multiplying plants, may be harmless in science, and in horticulture useful; but when it includes an expression of a law of vegetable life, of difference in the products, as if the plants obtained by the former method enjoyed an individuality distinct in its nature from the results of the latter, we are disposed to conclude, that it is a distinction which has been incautiously adopted and which is apt to mislead.
That many of the valuable cider and perry fruits of the seventeenth century have already disappeared,—parents and extensions, and, that some of our present fruits are gradually wearing into decay, are facts which have been satisfactorily established. But in order to account for these extinctions, it is not necessary to admit, that all cuttings are limited in their duration to the term of life of the parent from which they have been taken. The whole phenomena seem simply to intimate, that extensions from a diseased parent, are, in many cases, diseased likewise, and that the skill and industry of the horticulturist cannot restore such to a healthy state.
To have combated the assertion, that propagation by seeds is the only true reproduction of plants, would have been unnecessary, had it not been made by a deservedly celebrated botanist, whose authority, however, is much greater in systematical than in physiological botany. That method of reproduction in plants must surely be regarded as genuine, which is employed by Nature uniformly and extensively.
In many cases, the multiplication of individuals takes place in the same plant, both by extensions and seed. Among the herbaceous plants, many of which are, in fact, annuals, the species of Orchis and Tulipa may be noticed. Seeds are produced in these by the ordinary reproductive organs. At the same time each individual, before closing its life of a year, prepares a decendent or bulb, which the following year supplies its place, when, perhaps, not a single seed which it has produced has germinated. The continuance of many species whose seeds germinate with difficulty, depends on these radical extensions or bulbs. Such natural extensions are not confined to the monocotyledonous groups; they occur in decotyledonous plants also; and among many of the acotyledonous tribes, there is no other natural method of reproduction known.
In other cases, where the continuance of the species could not be effected by the ordinary methods of impregnation and the production of seeds, the reproductive system furnishes bulbs, or extensions, to supply their place. In the case of the viviparous grasses, the germs which are to form the young plants, are prepared in the absence of sexual organs, and, consequently, without impregnation. Upon falling off from the parent, they strike root and enjoy an individuality of character, as decided as if the reproductive organs had gone through the whole of the ordinary process. By means of such extensions, and without ever producing seeds, the Festuca vivipara is found in every pasture field of the northern islands of Scotland. When extensions are obtained from healthy parents, or generated by such, their duration will probably extend to the ordinary term assigned to the species.
striking illustrations of that repairing attribute of the vital principle, to which our attention has been already (p. 19.) directed.
In the accomplishment of the important purpose of generation, it is observed, that, in the season of love, indivi-
duals of a particular species are drawn together by mutual sympathy, and excited to action by a common propensity. The produce of a conjunction between individuals of the same species, partakes of the characters common to the species, and exhibits in due time the characteristic marks of puberty and fertility. In a natural state, the selective attribute of the procreative instinct unerringly guides the individuals of a species towards each other, and a preventive aversion turns them with disgust from those of another kind.
In a domesticated state, where numerous instincts are suppressed, and where others are fostered to excess, individuals belonging to different species are sometimes known to lay aside their natural aversion, and unite in the business of propagation. Instances of this kind occur among quadrupeds, birds and fishes,—among viviparous and oviparous animals,—where impregnation takes place within as well as when it is effected without the body. The product of such an unnatural union is termed a Hybridous animal. The following circumstances appear to be connected with hybridous productions.
1. The parents must belong to the same natural genus or family.—There are no exceptions to this law. Where the species differ greatly in manners and structure, no constraint or habits of domestication will force the unnatural union. On the other hand, sexual union sometimes takes
place among individuals of nearly related species. Thus, among quadrupeds, the mule is the produce of the union of the horse and the ass. The jackall and the wolf both breed with the dog. Among birds, the canary and goldfinch breed together, the Muscovy and common duck, and the pheasant and hen. Among fishes, the carp has been known to breed with the tench, the crusian, and even the trout*.
2. The Parents must be in a confined or domesticated state.—In all those hybridous productions which have yet been obtained, there is no example of individuals of one species giving a sexual preference to those of another. Among quadrupeds and birds, those individuals of different species which have united, have been confined, and excluded from all intercourse with those of their own kind. In the case of hybridous fishes, the ponds in which they have been produced have been small and overstocked, and no natural proportion observed between the males and females of the different kinds. As the impregnating fluid, in such situations, is spread over the eggs after exclusion, a portion of it belonging to one species may have come in contact with the unimpregnated eggs of another species, by the accidental movements of the water, and not in consequence of any unnatural effort.
In all cases of this unnatural union among birds or quadrupeds, a considerable degree of aversion is always exhibited, a circumstance which never occurs among individuals of the same species †.
† JOHN HUNTER having succeeded in producing a breed between the dog and the wolf and jackall, hastily concluded that they all belonged to the species, by overlooking the aversion to the intercourse which was exhibited. Phil. Trans. 1787, p. 253. and 1789, p. 160.
3. The Hybridous Products are barren.—The peculiar circumstances which are required to bring about a sexual union between individuals of different species, sufficiently account for the total absence of hybridous productions in a wild state. And, as if to preserve even in a domesticated state the introduction and extension of spurious breeds, such hybridous animals, though in many cases disposed to sexual union, are incapable of breeding. There are, indeed, some statements which render it probable that hybrid animals have procreated with perfect ones; at the same time there are few which are above suspicion. Where such occurrences have taken place, and they are unquestionably very rare, the species have been very closely allied in structure and instincts. "If it be true," (says J. HUNTER, with great plausibility,) "that the mule has been known to breed, which must be allowed to be an extraordinary fact, it will by no means be sufficient to determine the Horse and Ass to be of the same species: indeed, from the copulation of mules being very frequent, and the circumstance of their breeding very rare, I should rather attribute it to a degree of monstrosity in the organs of the mule which conceived; not being those of a mixed animal, but those of the mare or female ass. This is not so far fetched an idea, when we consider that some true species produce monsters, which are a mixture of both sexes, and that many animals of distinct sex are incapable of breeding at all." "If, then, we find Nature in its greatest perfection deviating from general principles, why may not it happen likewise in the production of mules, so that sometimes a mule shall breed, from the circumstance of its being a monster respecting mules * ?"
Whenever we observe animals in a free state, and where there is room for choice, engaging willingly in the business
of procreation, and giving birth to a fertile progeny, we may with confidence conclude that the individuals so acting belong to one species. When, on the contrary, we observe individuals in a domesticated or confined state, and without the liberty of choice, engaging reluctantly in the gratification of the procreative instinct, and giving birth to a barren progeny, we may be certain that such belong to different species, and that the union has been unnatural. This circumstance of procreating willingly, and producing a fertile progeny, is the only infallible criterion of species,—the basis of all the methods of arrangement in zoology, and all the truths of anatomy and physiology.
This game looks awesome , design , music , everything Is ideal and gives a lot of pleasure to the eyes. It is highly enjoyable and graphically fantastic. This slot includes adequate graphics and not bad music on a background with this slot machine , and this provides a cosmic sound. Equally visual and audio effects right here are impressive , plus it gives exactly the real game feeling. It looks fantastic and has got bonus features to match. This slot is actually a feast of attributes , and you will not regret it should you sit at your desk. It is almost always a good just to start playing this particular slot and also listen to good music. Graphic design and sound effects are all about absolutely decent level. With all the pleasant appearing characteristics it’s definitely worth a shot. Using It’s where your purpose is to spin a set of winnings to get a cash reward. Specifically the sound effects are on a high level. It is created to entertain by the means of its colourful images. It provides a great deal of fun and also a jackpot that is quite huge. There are 5 reels and it’s 30 -line slot featuring autoplay feature wild symbols, bonus games , free spins, Jackpot.
While the wager is placed on line which amounts up to 3 coins, players can continue gambling. The images and the music layout of the slot are magnificent. It is a entertaining video slots powered by WGS Technology (Vegas Technology). Jester’s Wild is a smooth 5 reel 30 payline online slot. It is very bright and bright with 30 paylines and 5 reels that is sufficient to keep you entertained. Wild symbols are still really excellent. Gamers making the most of this online game at any of many the best online casinos that offer it: Crazy Slots, SlotsGalore Casino, Caribbean Gold Casino, Miami Club Casino etc. Jester’s Wild is online slot which offers min coins per line values in the number of 1. A lot of WGS Technology (Vegas Technology) casinos give totally free spins bonuses that you’ll be able to utilize on this particular slot machine. It’s a magnificent game if you play it on the proper spin of time. It’s really an on-line slot video game coming from WGS Technology (Vegas Technology) and the slots that result from WGS Technology (Vegas Technology) are very common and praised throughout the players. The symbol which fetches the so-called re-spin inside this game called wild symbol and can be placed in any situation. Jester’s Wild It is a vivid 30 -payline video slots that works on WGS Technology (Vegas Technology) gambling platform. The theoretical return to player figure of how much a online slot machine pays out in wins in regards to each of made online bets is up to unknown. It is awesome , charmed casino slot and free spins option create this game even more intriguing. Jester’s Wild is produced by WGS Technology (Vegas Technology) and features quite significant definition images and audio quality. It’s 30 paylines and it provides a few really good design effects throughout free spins feature. It is designed by WGS Technology (Vegas Technology) online software company and it hasIt’s 30 paylines. You will like this slot since it offers a great deal of wild symbols and pay table is not bad. The graphic layout is enough awesome , slot animations and also the audio sounds once you get winnings appear captivating. Thanks to software manufacture , WGS Technology (Vegas Technology) , you can play the preferred online slot machine without taking absolutely any risk. It’s simply about with a little calmness and looking prior to the desirable moment comes to get a true opportunity to earn some cash on this online slot. The minimum range of coin size which is 0.01 and ease of play makes it to be played and enjoyed by every gamer. Here at Jester’s Wild you can find what would be the absolutely most significantly outstanding earnings. One of those reasons is WGS Technology (Vegas Technology) ability to secure a license with the worldwide largest film studios which permits players to take pleasure in branded slots. The maximum rate of coins allowed while playing online slot machine amounts to 5.
If you’re a free spins lover , scatter symbol is the best friend for you. There is an autoplay option available with the slot machine game. It offers to the players the option known as Bonus Game. There you can choose a number of free spins you can use and your win multiplier to get all those spins. You also have a Jester’s Wild option where everybody can take the advantage from free spins with Multiplier. Wild symbol available in this online slot machine seems frequently in gambling industry to describe the card which may be exchanged for almost any additional. Of course that the slots features as autoplay option, bonus game, free spins, multiplier, scatter symbol, wild symbol with some incredible graphics set in the newest gambling world which causes you to look like you right playing at casino
The Lyell Icefield and the Lyell peaks in particular, have had my attention for many years. I’ve been doing trips around them and had glimpses and full on views of their lofty and distinct summits many times. Some of the best views were on my remote ascent of Mount Amery, Monchy and Hooge back in 2012 with Eric Coulthard.
This annual festival, which celebrates the Golden Eagle as well as the hunters' traditional culture, is arranged by the local Kazakh community and members of the Berkut Association, a community-based conservation organization.
Historically, nomadic Kazakhs have depended on the Golden Eagles for hunting, and the Berkut Association was founded by Nomadic Expeditions CEO Jalsa Urubshurow to preserve this proud tradition and protect the berkut.
Experience the thrill of riding alongside Kazakh nomads as they hunt with trained Golden Eagles. Specially timed for the winter hunting season, this journey leads to Mongolia’s far western province, Bayan-Ulgii, where Kazakh hunters track small rabbits and foxes in the snow with the help of their magnificent eagles. Following the hunt on horseback through the mountains of Western Mongolia, witness firsthand a unique tradition that has survived for centuries in this remote corner of Asia. Spend the night in a finely decorated Kazakh Ger, visit a local mosque, and enjoy the hospitality of the Kazakh families who call this extraordinary corner of the world their home.
This expedition into the rugged Altai Mountains also includes opportunities to ride on horseback alongside the hunters, as well as visits to a local mosque, town market, provincial museum, and archaeological site.
I just wanted to comment on last year to them, and thank them for taking me in. We had a nice journey together, and I'm glad they got us as far as they did. I'm really proud of them
Hi, Nice post thanks for sharing. Would you please consider adding a link to my website on your page? Please email me back.
© 2011 EXPLORE GREAT ALTAI Tours & Expeditions. Travel theme. Theme images by Sookhee Lee. Powered by Blogger.
This page shows only the 20 most recent obituaries in Acosta, Pennsylvania. If you don't see the obituary or death record that you are looking for, use this form to search our entire database.
So I noticed today 9/25 that when at close enough ranges….like your feet you will grab stuff. Your Dad has been gone all week on business in Utah and I put you in your bear slippers and when you awoke in the morning we doing “sit-ups”. You then grabbed your foot. I thought it was cute. You have been watching us eat for a couple of weeks now. I am thinking you are definately ready for some cereal. We will see how you do on some rice cereal. You have been waking up and feeding in the middle of the night all week and you have been sleeping through the night since you were about 3 weeks old. So I do believe we will press on. You smile a lot and are a really happy baby. I have learned how important it is to keep the little things like diaper changes and hunger under control because it seems that is how you learn more. I have to go and tend to you now baby boy, I Love You!!
Its hard for me to believe that you have been smiling since the day after you were born. Your Father and I have suspected that you are going to start developing faster than the normal child. You are now 8 weeks old and it appears sometimes that you will be rolling over soon. Your smile steals my heart everyday and I live for your smile. :) I have returned back to work, but your Dad and I have agreed that you will not go into daycare for a few months. You are a very gassy baby and have had thrush. That was thanks to dear Mom who had a systemic yeast infection since she was pregnant with you. Breast feeding for the first three weeks made me want to give up due-to the pain from the yeast infection, but it is not so bad now. Your Dad and I are thinking we are done having kids unless Mom gets pregnant without trying. You are definately worth it though. You have this really strong bond with your Dad. It is truely special and worth bragging about. We take you everywhere and in a couple weeks we all will be going to a wedding in Indianapolis, Indiana. We have met your cousin Kelda now, and she is adorable. You both actually look a lot alike, only your twice her size. There have been many decisions to make and your Dad and I have carefully been making them all. This is much different than all the decisions I had to make for your brothers. Plus I am not making them alone, so in a way that makes it easier. You are very loved and many, many people adore you. You are already a star by the works of Mom’s partner at work Dr. Killian. We shot a commercial at the office a few weeks ago and posted it online. You and I were in the commercial. :) I thought that was cool and so did your Dad. I wake up every morning excited to see what you are/will be learning that day. What new things are in store for us? Only good things I do feel, and I hope they are happening at a comfortable pace for you. You were born so big, you are growing so fast and you are so incredibly smart. We are so very proud to call you our own.
You were born exactly a week ago on July 16, 2008 at 5:36pm. You weighed 9lbs 12oz and were 22 1/2 inches long. The delivery went so well and you barely ’scratched’ Mommy coming out. I am so amazed at how beautiful of a baby you are and I feel so blessed that you picked us. We have slowly been trying to introduce the dogs to you as they have been going through some jealousy ’spits’. They don’t really show the jealousy, but we are guessing that is the cause of their behavior. I had a 15 hour labor with 45 min of pushing. My water broke on the eve of July 15th at approximately 10:45/11:00 while your brothers and I were singing songs and dancing around. I went to go and show your Dad a ‘funny’ dance I was doing, leaned over the dog gate and my water broke. I then went to sleep until I got up at 2:30am and began having contractions. I sat in the living room chair until approx. 8am when they began to get a little stronger. From 8 - 12noon they stayed at ‘medium’ contractions’ and I began having really hard contractions from noon - 4:30pm. Kate and Keisha arrived then and Kate checked to see if I was dialiated and it was a perfect 10 if not bigger she says ‘okay to push’. So I thought I would try pushing. They asked if I wanted to get into the tub and after the next contraction they helped me into the tub from the futon. I stepped into the water and it was warm, it surrounded my body like a blanket. In a weird way it cooled me off and warmed me at the same time. I just wanted to lean over the edge of the pool as that seemed to be the most comfortable position for me to be in (on my knees, funny huh?). I began to get the hang of the delivery when I realized that after I pushed and you would begin moving down the canal you would move a little more back in if I didn’t sustain/hold you there with a ‘kegal’ exercise. I then delivered you at 5:36pm. They told me to reach down and grab you. I turned over and held you on my chest, for you were the most beautiful baby. I remember saying ‘hello’ to you and just wanting to be cleaned up and snuggle with you. Which pretty much is all I have been doing in the last week. We did take you out for a few hours on Saturday July 19th to the backyard BBQ to meet your Hartmann family. You have had SEVERAL visitors in the last week and your Dad and I went to Mason to get your birth certificate. My Godfather, Mike Ryder, works there and we were blessed enough to visit with him and his co-workers as well as he graciously paid for the certificates. We then went over to Mommy’s work and you were adjusted for the first time. Doc told us that you had the best/strongest spine on a newborn he had ever felt. :) We followed that by going over, beating the rain, to buy you a stroller and new car seat for Dad’s car. We are eager to try it out because the darn thing is so cool. So lately it has been eating, changing, sleeping and burping you. Oh, and music, you LOVE music. I put on music and you just listen and soak it up like a sponge. The boys left to their Dad’s on Sunday and will be back this coming Sunday and I know they miss you, I feel it. I will end for now, we already have lots of pictures and we will be posting your picture on the blog here real soon. I need to put together the announcements and get those out. You are so loved by so many people out here and your cousin Kelda should be born any day between now and August 5th as Aunt Jessi is scheduled to deliver if not by then. I Love You!
PS Although your first name rhymes with Grandpa Meeks’ and your middle name is your Dad’s and Grandpa Hartmann’s middle name; we discovered that you were born on the same day of your Great Great Uncle Jim (James Mussell) He is Babci (Grandma Karazim’s) brother AND your middle name is the same as his first name. :) Cool huh?
Well you are officially 5 days past your due date and there have been a few contractions in the last couple of days. We are waiting patiently for your handsome little face to come out. Your parents are slacking on finishing your nursery, and there have been several calls of wonder from loved ones seeing if you have been born yet. I thought for sure you were going to be born on July 4th with the contractions I was having that evening, but you proved me wrong. Over ten days later and you are not here yet…… ugghhhh! Many friends have delivered food and there was a shower/party thrown in your honor with many loved ones that came to present gifts for you. Your brothers are home this week and they have been ever so eager to meet you. Tonight you are moving a lot, and only recently you dropped into my pelvis lower and turned back around to face toward my spine. (Midwifes call this position anterior: referring to the occipital part of the skull) You are going to know about the body, about science and computers. I know you are coming soon so the I am sure the next blog will be about the delivery and your first few days out here. The Hartmann BBQ is this weekend on Saturday and I am sure everyone is expecting to see you. We will have to visit with everyone in the backyard, and hopefully I won’t be too tired. I know your Dad is so excited and eager to show you off and for everyone to see you. I Love You and had to write with excitement.
You are moving more and kicking a lot harder. Many people on the outside have started talking to my belly. I am sure you will recongnize many of their voices when you come out. More people have been calling you by name. Your Dad and I have come to have your name really grow on us. We are excited to see what you look like. Your next and final ultrasound is coming up and we requested 3D so we are able to see you better. We have now registered at a couple places. We cleaned the house and even moved the dogs out of the living room. They now have their own spot in the basement by the back door. Which has been quite nice actually. I read every week new information online telling me what is new with you and my belly. Your hearing is here, your eyelids are formed, your skin is now forming its protective layering and preparing for the outside world. Soon your lungs will be fully developed and you will be coming out. This post is actually rather pointless, but as the date comes closer, Your Dad, brothers and I are getting more and more excited to meet you. I Love You so much already Caolan.
Something you will probably learn as you grow up….your Dad is a slacker. I put everything off. I’ve got the Ultrasound pictures from a month ago that I’m finally getting around to posting. So far in the last month I’ve found out your a boy, we’ve picked a name, and I’ve been able to feel you kick. A couple of nights ago your Mom and I got the stethoscope out to see if we could hear you, which didn’t work all that well, but you did kick once while your Mom was listening and I guess it was really loud. I try to feel for your kick every night before bed, so hopefully you’ll start kicking a little more often when I’m trying to feel them.
Strong kicks have been coming my way. Your Dad and I have come up with the name Caolan which is Gaelic meaning ’slender’. Your middle name is obviously your Dad’s and Grandpa Hartmann’s middle name. I am eager to begin painting your room and getting that organized. I am getting more and more excited everyday. Your Dad feels my tummy in the morning and says, “Is he up yet?”. I thought that was cute. Can’t Wait!
On Feb 4th we did an ultrasound and discovered you were a boy. Your Dad and I for sure thought you were going to be a girl. We are so excited and become more excited everyday. I have been so eager to start your room with the train theme. I have been feeling you kick me so much more and I just know you are never going to like pickles. I can’t get enough of them!!! We are having a tough time deciding on a name, however, your Dad really wants to call you Thor……… No Comment. Everything is very different this time than last time. I have been bowling really well since I became pregnant and I hope I can keep my scores up after I deliver. :) Your Father is a Phenomenal person and I look forward to you meeting him everyday. I will never stop loving him, and your brothers are exceptionally happy that you are a boy. They (your brothers) told me that if you were a girl…. you’de better be a girl that likes to play soccer and wrestle. Your Dad and I have many plans for the future and we intend on making many of those memories with you.
Today was Ultrasound day! We went to the doctors and they used an ultrasound machine to take pictures of you. They weren’t great pictures, but they are good enough to make out your shape. It was pretty neat seeing you move around and I was even able to see your heart beat. In a little over a month we’ll get another one done, and by then your features will be more defined and we may even be able to tell if your a girl or a boy.
We're sorry, but there’s nothing to display here; MLS data service is not activated for this account.
Rent is Due the 1st of the Month. Rent will not be accepted after the 5th of the month without late fees.
"Dude, you walked into our room in just boxers and you call us creepy?" This retort would still apply if they said this together and in sync with each other.
You are kind and thoughtful, and you're looking to treat yourself. You seek a fun connection with an educated and playful woman (Ts) - an independent companion who can keep up
Web Design India - LCS Infotech is a Top Web Design Company based in India providing expertised services like Web Designing,Custom Web Design and hosting, web design company, Logo Design,Professional Web Design, Web site Design ,Top Web Design Companies, Flash Web Site Design, Website Development,Internet Marketing Services, SEO Services including Web Application Development. Read More...	professional web designers All
Mobile App Development - Shahdeep, a leading Mobile application development company provides mobile app development services and solutions at affordable prices to meet all your Mobile application requirements. Read More...	mobile application development All
If you're the sufferer of the Google Redirect Virus, strive TDSS killer and avoid the Google Redirect Virus once and for all. Read More...	virus removal guide All
Demure Damsels' Perilous Plights. TOP free porn videos New free porn videos. This time around she was getting gas in cosplay, full police officer gear. Latin amateur hardcore and facial. Each Woman Was Bound and Gagged.
Drunk girls sex porn Mostly drunk amateur babes, young and horny, pleasing men with either blowjob or sex. VIDEO webcam julia sex on. It was just a damn good introduction to Meredith. Amateur hot ass blondes Super hot lesbian lovers bring each other to hot orgasms 9: Maitland is exposing them fully without any pretense.
Combivent is a prescription medication used to prevent airway spasms (bronchospasms) caused by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,... more
My mom is suffering from hypertension and experiences a constant need in medications to lower her high blood pressure. Your shop is the best way for us to buy pills! I just want to express my gratitude for all your services that you provide, because your prices are the cheapest and your service level - the highest! Thanks a lot!
Several years ago I began to feel problems with erectile function. I tried different ways to solve this problem, but nothing helps me. When I went to a doctor with my problem, he advised me Viagra and when I tried, it has helped at once!
Herbal Supplement is a medication based on natural ingredients. Its consists of herb or plant extracts. Such medication is suitable for people who prefer natural, organic products.
Brand and generic drugs have differnet names, dosage and price. Thus, when you buy generics, you pay less but get the very same quality.
Sex Tube Films know what exactly you've been looking for! Only the best Actress video clips, featuring fascinating Actress porn tubes with no hangups having fun on
8.0% "I fucking like this novel... well written and well played... German the most scary and evil language which has ever been spoken by a human being."
Ability - I sketch animes and cartoons , and have invented my own defensive fighting skill , lol yeah that's true :D
I love playing with Yu-Gi-Oh! Cards lol , And I've been playing on the brooms from like starting lol!
You receive 100 points on behalf of your sorting and the Sorting badge have been attached to your Profile!
Status Message : We have an Ocean to study, we have a lake of lessons, we study a pond, we score a droplet, Then why study?....Lets just enjoy life!!!!
All Our Images, Icons, Buttons,Theme, Skin and other Ideas and Proceedings Presented in This Site are copyright Protected and is copyrighted by © Copyscape held by Our Staff
All characters and other story references made here are copyrighted to their respective copyright Holders
The ratings represent the Engine capabilities within - + 5% at NTP conditions equivalent to those specified in ISO3046,BS5514,DIN 6271, and subject to duration under extreme environmental conditions .
Perkins multi cylinder, 4 stroke, water cooled diesel engine complete with electric starter, starter solenoid relay, battery charge alternator replaceable fuel, oil and air filters, primary water separator, fuel lift pump, sensors connection for low lub oil pressure, high coolant temperature, sump drain tap, loose supplied industrial exh. silencer.
Set mounted on heavy duty steel base frame with anti-vibration oil proof Rubber mounts between gen-set & base.
Separate daily fuel tank can be supplied loose as an option complete with filler cap & drain plug and fuel indicator
The diesel engine comes with original black, the alternator with original yellow, the base in black, control panel & circuit breaker enclosure in yellow.
Instruction manuals for the Engine/Alternator as well as use and maintenance of the generating set supplied with each unit.
Saddle Stitching We at On Line utilize the most advanced stitchers on the market to maximize efficiency and keep costs reasonable. With a broad basis of applications and so many options, stitching offers incredible flexibility within the binding world. Four stitching lines with up to 12 pockets together with in line refolding and punching gives our customers the edge in this marketplace. Add in a variety of colored wire options and the choice of loop stitch too and we have the answer to all your stitching needs. Add ons provide aesthetic appeal and customer value. Options include: Fold Outs Fold Ups Self mailers BRCs BREs Let us be your trusted partner for stitching success. Check out our other Capabilities Foil Stamping http://www.onlinebindery.com/foil-stamping--embossing.html Die Cutting up to 40" / Embossing http://www.onlinebindery.com/die-cutting-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Inline Carton Folding / Gluing http://www.onlinebindery.com/carton-folding--gluing.html U.V. Coating http://www.onlinebindery.com/spot-and-flood-uv%e2%80%a8coating-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Film Laminating http://www.onlinebindery.com/film-laminating%e2%80%a81-and-2-sided-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Package Design http://www.onlinebindery.com/package-design--prototypes.html Dieless Cutting / CAD Table http://www.onlinebindery.com/dieless-cutting--cad-table.html Case Binding / Sewn Binding / Turned Edge Box Making http://www.onlinebindery.com/case-binding--sewn-binding--turned-edge-box-making.html Shred-Defense / Secure Paper Shredding http://www.onlinebindery.com/shred-defense--secure-paper-shredding.html Our Mission Since 1990, On Line Bindery has provided the highest quality bindery and finishing services on time, and on budget. Our Customers come from all over the state to get the "On Line Team" experience. Our attention to detail, and dedicated staff, assure that each job is completed with precision and care. We have an unparalleled array of state-of-the-art equipment under our roof providing our customers with the most complete range of capabilities. We solve problems, so give us a call, and let us take on your biggest challenges. Why us? "We are dedicated to our customers and we always deliver and we always deliver" Our Equipment Here at On Line Bindery, we have a strong belief in the value of high quality equipment and lots of it! The investment in the best equipment is twofold. It benefits both our customers, and our employees, which are by nature codependent. Quality hardware like the Bobst die cutter, Heidelberg EZ Gluer, and Mueller Martini Binder to name a few, provide our employees state of the art machinery to make their jobs more productive. The upshot of this is a more competitive product for our printing partners. Additionally, a large equipment base allows us to spread our net wide enough to satisfy our customers' needs whilst maintaining reasonable pricing structures. Our ongoing mission is to continually increase our equipment base and capabilities in line with our customers' needs and those of the marketplace. Added value and a one-stop shop is always our aim. Our Quality On Line Bindery is committed to becoming the best source for bindery and finishing services available. Our company believes that quality is rooted in the passion and pride, and our employees understand both. For sure, processes are important, and we are careful to put those in place together with excellent equipment. However, quality is mostly about people and providing them with an organizational framework that allows for constant improvement and growth. Quality begets quality, and together with our printing partners we strive for group excellence, as that is a win-win solution. Our aim is to meet or exceed our customers' expectations, for then we can be satisfied too. Our Staff Our staff are our most valuable asset. They are our competitive advantage, the heart and guts of our company. We work hard to attract, train, and retain talented people both on the production floor and in management. Communication, responsibility, knowledge, and above all, a positive attitude and a willingness are the most important character traits that we seek in our employees. If our staff provides you with a positive experience, we hope that facilitates a positive experience for you with your own customers. As Lee Iaccoca said, “Start with good people, lay out rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things, you cannot miss”. We look forward to you being part of that winning team. "Good People + Good Equipment = Good Service!" We are open 6am - 5pm Monday - Friday ON LINE BINDERY www.onlinebindery.com 3950 BISSELL AVE. RICHMOND, CA 94805 PHONE (510) 234-7707 FAX (510) 235-6606 info@onlinebindery.com
Cutting / Folding At the heart of every bindery is a solid cutting department and On Line Bindery is no exception. Ten cutting lines together with attached scales and joggers enables us to hit the ground running with your job. High productivity in this area allows us to move it forward into the main bindery quickly and efficiently. Having 16 folders with capabilities of up to 40” permits us to execute a multitude of scoring, perforating and folding styles and sizes on an infinite number of materials. Remoistenable and fugitive glue can be added for in line production to accommodate the myriad of designs and applications we encounter. Folding Styles Include: Single Fold Half fold Z Fold French Fold Accordion fold Gate fold Double gate fold Map fold Let us deliver a quality folded piece within your pricing expectations. Check out our other Capabilities Foil Stamping http://www.onlinebindery.com/foil-stamping--embossing.html Die Cutting up to 40" / Embossing http://www.onlinebindery.com/die-cutting-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Inline Carton Folding / Gluing http://www.onlinebindery.com/carton-folding--gluing.html U.V. Coating http://www.onlinebindery.com/spot-and-flood-uv%e2%80%a8coating-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Film Laminating http://www.onlinebindery.com/film-laminating%e2%80%a81-and-2-sided-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Package Design http://www.onlinebindery.com/package-design--prototypes.html Dieless Cutting / CAD Table http://www.onlinebindery.com/dieless-cutting--cad-table.html Case Binding / Sewn Binding / Turned Edge Box Making http://www.onlinebindery.com/case-binding--sewn-binding--turned-edge-box-making.html Shred-Defense / Secure Paper Shredding http://www.onlinebindery.com/shred-defense--secure-paper-shredding.html Our Mission Since 1990, On Line Bindery has provided the highest quality bindery and finishing services on time, and on budget. Our Customers come from all over the state to get the "On Line Team" experience. Our attention to detail, and dedicated staff, assure that each job is completed with precision and care. We have an unparalleled array of state-of-the-art equipment under our roof providing our customers with the most complete range of capabilities. We solve problems, so give us a call, and let us take on your biggest challenges. Why us? "We are dedicated to our customers and we always deliver and we always deliver" Our Equipment Here at On Line Bindery, we have a strong belief in the value of high quality equipment and lots of it! The investment in the best equipment is twofold. It benefits both our customers, and our employees, which are by nature codependent. Quality hardware like the Bobst die cutter, Heidelberg EZ Gluer, and Mueller Martini Binder to name a few, provide our employees state of the art machinery to make their jobs more productive. The upshot of this is a more competitive product for our printing partners. Additionally, a large equipment base allows us to spread our net wide enough to satisfy our customers' needs whilst maintaining reasonable pricing structures. Our ongoing mission is to continually increase our equipment base and capabilities in line with our customers' needs and those of the marketplace. Added value and a one-stop shop is always our aim. Our Quality On Line Bindery is committed to becoming the best source for bindery and finishing services available. Our company believes that quality is rooted in the passion and pride, and our employees understand both. For sure, processes are important, and we are careful to put those in place together with excellent equipment. However, quality is mostly about people and providing them with an organizational framework that allows for constant improvement and growth. Quality begets quality, and together with our printing partners we strive for group excellence, as that is a win-win solution. Our aim is to meet or exceed our customers' expectations, for then we can be satisfied too. Our Staff Our staff are our most valuable asset. They are our competitive advantage, the heart and guts of our company. We work hard to attract, train, and retain talented people both on the production floor and in management. Communication, responsibility, knowledge, and above all, a positive attitude and a willingness are the most important character traits that we seek in our employees. If our staff provides you with a positive experience, we hope that facilitates a positive experience for you with your own customers. As Lee Iaccoca said, “Start with good people, lay out rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things, you cannot miss”. We look forward to you being part of that winning team. "Good People + Good Equipment = Good Service!" We are open 6am - 5pm Monday - Friday ON LINE BINDERY www.onlinebindery.com 3950 BISSELL AVE. RICHMOND, CA 94805 PHONE (510) 234-7707 FAX (510) 235-6606 info@onlinebindery.com
Business is well underway here at Stetargusgash! You hear that hum? Those are the workers- thousands of honey bees! Yes, today we visit a new fortress funded by an enterprising boar man. Will we be able to produce enough honey to keep out boss happy? Will we even survive the coming goblin war?! Let's just hope everything goes...well... Note- the title is tentative, just because I have no idea what this series will entail as of yet! Thanks to the BEST colorizer around: Mrs. Kruggsmash! A HUGE thanks to all of my patrons, without whom I would not be doing these videos right now! And of course, special thanks to the creators of this beautiful, complex madness: Tarn & Zach Adams: http://bay12games.com/dwarves/ Awesome intro and outro music by Chriswk210 Background music by Derek & Brandon Fiechter: https://dbfiechter.bandcamp.com/ Angevin - Thatched Villagers by Kevin MacLeod is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) Source: http://incompetech.com/music/royalty-free/index.html?isrc=USUAN1200110 Artist: http://incompetech.com/ Lord of the Land by Kevin MacLeod is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) Source: http://incompetech.com/music/royalty-free/index.html?isrc=USUAN1400022 Artist: http://incompetech.com/ Master of the Feast by Kevin MacLeod is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) Source: http://incompetech.com/music/royalty-free/index.html?isrc=USUAN1400019 Artist: http://incompetech.com/ My Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/Kruggsmash
Getting My Wood Working Tools To Work We also supply extras and consumables to maintain your tools and machinery working correctly, which include observed blades, drill bits, sanding sheets and so forth. When woodworking over a spending budget, a...MORE high-quality circular noticed should be the very first handheld ability Device ordered, as it is the a single that will very likely be essentially the most useful as you get rolling. Wood Working Tools We assurance to make promptly supply, as Now we have an extensively unfold network of logistic facility suppliers and dealers. Orbital finishing sander is lightweight, and relatively quiet. It’s also pretty much unachievable to wreck the workpiece with such a sander. Some might be expecting to check out a cordless drill on this listing, but once we're discussing standard power woodworking tools, a corded drill is a lot more adaptable and powerful. Guaranteed, the cordless is, properly, cordless, which makes it a lot more portable, but corded drills are more affordable and may do much more than a cordless drill. Wood Working Tools We've been a top quality centric enterprise and therefore, we restrict for the pre-defined good quality parameters for your made available array. Owing to our trustworthy transportation amenities, we are able to deliver the placed orders in the provided timeframe and at the best place. Panel saws is usually really very affordable (typically as small as $5 a chunk), but you need to know That which you’re looking for and become prepared to invest a while learning to refurbish and sharpen. Regardless of this, it is actually thought that the text was published some 1500 years soon after his death. This reserve is stuffed mainly with descriptions of dimensions to be used in creating many objects like flower pots, tables, altars, and many others., as well as incorporates comprehensive instructions relating to Feng Shui. It mentions Nearly almost nothing from the intricate glue-a lot less and nail-significantly less joinery for which Chinese home furnishings was so renowned. Borosilicate Glass Working Tools Although paying for the solution from us, you could elect to make payment through any method. Our staff will aid you to pay for to your buys conveniently. Make the effort to find out which characteristics you actually need along with the...Extra table noticed that best fits your funds and your preferences. This article will demonstrate the most common characteristics, And exactly how to determine what options you'll need and how to know if All those features are rather well built, or simply extra on to the noticed as they are selling functions. I think All people’s very first large ability Resource ought to be a desk noticed, whether or not it’s just a contractor’s observed. My very first was a 12″ radial arm observed 35 a long time ago, but now I sense it was a error and ought to have been a table observed. “Essential,” Then again, is really a term that permits for growth – Which’s specifically what you want as part of your woodworking Device kit. You desire to be able to go ahead and take identical package with you thru many years from the craft. With my fundamental woodworking tools record, I wished to provide a Main set of tools that could serve you perfectly from task to project. Then I observed my oversight and just couldn’t get over how incongrous These two merchandise ended up to the rest of the list. Experienced I witnessed a scrub plane in addition to a jack airplane I would've far more harmony within the record. Dividers will also be utilized for scribing arcs plus much more. You must certainly have not less than two “pair” of dividers simply because you often is going to be storing and transferring more than one measurement at any given time. I choose a little three″ pair and a larger six″ or 9″ pair. Top 7 DIY Wood Working Tools 2018 Wolfcraft Spanntisch Master 600-https://amzn.to/2r3ZLaA Safety Nailer-http://kck.st/2IpCIyg Rockler Speed-Cope Crown Molding Jig -https://amzn.to/2r6Zzrl wolfcraft Pro Door Frame Assembly Set-https://amzn.to/2KlVAjq Centipede Portable Work System-https://amzn.to/2r5MvU1 Wiha Ultra Driver 26 in 1-https://amzn.to/2Knj6wn BondicEVO-http://kck.st/2tFrQbP FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK-https://www.facebook.com/YOUR-TECH-GURUS-277826136072563/ FOLLOW US ON GOOGLE PLUS-https://plus.google.com/u/2/b/106242885727192362406/ FOLLOW US ON TWITTER-https://twitter.com/YOURTECHGURUS SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUITUBE CHANNEL -https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCADPm3gmlxhmwrs-_5xQXKw
This highly detailed digital repair manual contains everything you will ever need to repair, maintain, rebuild, refurbish or restore your Hyosung Comet Gt650r Gt650s.
This is the same information the dealer technicians and mechanics use to diagnose and repair your bike. With this professional quality highly detailed service repair manual, you will be able to work on your bike with the best resources available, which will not only save you a lot of money in repair bills but will also help you to look after your vehicle.
Using today’s most advanced technology, we can analyze and diagnose your vision problems quickly, accurately and comfortably. We specialize in medical, laser and surgical treatment of cataracts, glaucoma, strabismus, and diabetic eye disease. We also see patients of all ages for complex and routine eye care, eyewear and contact lenses.
Led by H. Jay Wisnicki, MD, Union Square Eye Care is affiliated with Beth Israel Medical Center and The New York Eye and Ear Infirmary. Our ophthalmologists are on staff at both hospitals.
You’ll benefit from today’s most advanced, most comprehensive treatment and patient-focused personalized care aimed at helping you overcome any vision problem so you can get back to your life.
Experience the latest in eye care and treatment technology. Come to Union Square Eye Care to see life more clearly. Call 212.844.2020 or request an appointment online with one of our ophthalmology specialists. You can also enjoy big savings when you choose new frames in our optical shop. Don’t pass up this special savings invitation.
Find the latest treatment for your eye problems here at Union Square Eye Care. We provide world-class eye-problem solutions for glaucoma, diabetic eye disease, strabismus (eye muscle disorders), cataracts, retinal disease and disorders and other eye injuries. We also offer surgery for eyelid conditions, oculoplastic surgery and pediatric eye care.
Thoughts :: What hold do technologies have on our current society? The policing of selves became trusted to computational evaluation since the human-driven evaluation, psychiatry, was cast into un-trust because of a study done by David Rosenhan. Society took its position to police outsiders early on in our development; crazy people where put on boats […]
Filed in psychological, social, technological | Also tagged individuality, marcuse, prozac, psychiatry | Comments (3)
Want to just chat amongst yourselves? Then this is the place when IF and ADRIFT are not the topic. Please keep your posts family friendly.
The only known way to lose points is to put on your copper armor, climb to the top of a hill during a thunderstorm and shout that all mods are bastards.
Lumin wrote: The only known way to lose points is to put on your copper armor, climb to the top of a hill during a thunderstorm and shout that all mods are bastards.
Oh.. You should try it with Site Admins.... And before you climb that hill, be sure to take a shower first (wearing your copper armor for the full effect)
I would appreciate it if you'll take a look at the point scale and let me know (PM is fine) is the points should be changed.
As for the contribution to the source code I would say it depends on the magnitude of the contribution. But how about starting with 15 points and then take it from there?
Adding ADRIFT 5 support to a general-purpose IF runner like Gargoyle or Floyd could be a google points and writing a whole new runner system could be a googleplex of points.
saabie wrote: Adding ADRIFT 5 support to a general-purpose IF runner like Gargoyle or Floyd could be a google points and writing a whole new runner system could be a googleplex of points.
Is this retrospective? I have suggested several enhancements in the past which Campbell has added to ADRIFT and it also looks like he is going to add this item to the next release.
Unfortunately Lazzah, we start from scratch when the point system was implemented. I'm also worried a little about how I'm to know who suggested what enhancement when the new release comes out.
Campbell usually just gives a list about which bugs and enhancements that has been fixed/implemented, but no names of whom suggestred them.
Edit: I just found out that Campbell also adds an ID number and that number refers to the bug / enhancement. So it's actually no problem tracking them.
So my proposal is for at least 50 points for such a major contribution. I'm open to everyone's thoughts, but I think he deserves a high value award for this Herculean effort.
Problem is that with the way Saabie is working on V.5 He'll get a million points in no time and then Lumin will get peed off and then we'll have her to fight with...
AXSES was one of the very first to develop a tool to help hotels and tourism operators load and manage rates, seasons, rooms, photos and booking options right onto their hotel's Facebook page and to manage that information in conjunction with their website marketing.
Facebook is a vital tool for hotel marketing. Our hotel clients are seeing a growth in loyal traffic from this channel. It offers a hotel brand alternative to review sites like TripAdvisor and gives hotels a direct way to stay in contact with guests and encourage new guests to explore the hotel in an environment that they trust and are comfortable with. Offering Facebook Fans special options, coupons and a Facebook rate is good for business.
Facebook pages have become an essential and very effective part of hotel marketing, but keeping the pages updated and being able to offer bookings is almost impossible without an app like arcResBookings.
arcResBookings for Facebook Hotel pages is very easy to set up, but if you just don't have time, AXSES will do it for you.
I’m backk! Did you guys miss me? I’m sure you guys have figured out that I’m back as of yesterday, when I posted up my review of The Winner’s Curse.
I miss talking to you guys about bookish stuff and non-bookish stuff alike. I miss the email notifications telling me you guys had left a comment, writing reviews (yes, I actually like writing reviews), and interacting with you guys. Thank goodness I’m back and feeling refreshed!
I also missed blogging in general. Like I expected, I was too busy studying for all my tests and midterms to actually blog. During my hiatus, I had to take at least 10 tests and I just finished taking one test yesterday. March is definitely a tiring, draining month, especially since there are no breaks for me.
All I was thinking is thank goodness I took a hiatus or else the stress of blogging and studying for tests combined will kill me. And you don’t want to see a dead Kelly, do you? (I sure hope not. -side-eyes all of you-)
But yay! As of now, I’m FREEE! Well, kind of. I do have a midterm left next month, but whatever. -waves the problem away-
To celebrate the fact that I’m backkk, I’ll be giving a SIGNED, hardback of what I reviewed yesterday, The Winner’s Curse, to one lucky person with swag! The giveaway is international of course.
The books used in this Book Cover Guessing Game are all young adult books released in the spring and summer.
At first, I wanted to give the prize to the first person who guessed all the above book covers correctly, but I figured that it would be unfair to people in different time zones. Therefore, I will allow Rafflecopter to pick the winner. However, the winner the Rafflecopter picks must have all the correct answers to win or all their entries will be eliminated and I will choose a new winner. Sorry about that, but hey, all the Cover Guessing Game entries are not required. Do the Cover Guessing Game at your own risk.
Rafflecopter (sometimes) does not let you change your answer once you input your answer in. If you do want to change your answer for any book cover after submitting your old answer to the Rafflecopter, simply email me at whatisakelly(at)gmail(dot)com with the subject “January Cover Guessing Game Answer” with your new book cover answer and the name you used to enter the contest.
If the Rafflecopter does not accept your answers, just email me your answers at whatisakelly(at)gmail(dot)com with the subject “Back Guessing Game.”
All your entries will be disqualified if you pickup entries for something you haven’t done. (I had to do this for so many of my last giveaways, please don’t make me do this again.)
If you only use ONE account to do all these tasks and enter under different names, they will still only constitute as ONE entry.
Weeee! You’re baaack!!! And with another giveaway!!! Yaaayy! I’m so glad you’re back, Kelly! Like you, I’ve also been on a hiatus because of our finals. Whew! Good thing it’s finally over! :)
I missed your review yesterday so I didn’t know your hiatus ended until today when I saw “cover guessing game” and I was like, that’s definitely Kelly! So glad to see you back, I definitely missed you as well! These cover guessing games are tough though! I can never seem to get more than one right… Must mean I should brush up on my cover identifying skills! :D
Ha ha, glad to help you in that area. I actually think that this one is REALLY easy, with the exception of number 3 because of GRASS.
I already have a copy of this book, so I’m not going to enter the giveaway (although I’d love to, because I’m like guessing covers :D) I’m happy that you are back!
Hi Kelly! I’m happy you’re back! I have to say I missed your cover guessing games and your posts/discussions :)
This mini cover guessing game comes in handy to me since I have a school paper to do and I’m short on time.. But the difficulty is high; no doubt you really pick details hard to spot. ;)
Ha ha, I tried my best, but I think this might be the easiest Cover Guessing Game that I’ve ever made. But don’t worry, you have PLENTY of time to do it!
Cover 3 took me some time (and squinting), but I’d say this was medium-level difficulty (the last big one was tough, so everything else seems easy by comparison). I’m glad you survived the brutal month!
I’m glad you’re back Kelly and survived midterms. :D. I swear I almost die when midterms come around. The stress!!!!!!!
Haha yay I’m so glad you’re back! I may be really spotty on the whole commenting thing this time around but I’m definitely looking forward to reading your posts :) yay for the giveaway!
I’m so glad to be back Eileen! Studying for midterms was boring and stressful and just plain UGH all around.
Woo! I can’t believe I successfully got all three of those covers. I’m usually really terrible at cover guessing games. Haha. Glad you’re back! Thanks so much for the giveaway. :D
#3 was pretty hard, but I think I got it anyways ( Keep my fingers crossed that I did ) So I am gonna say medium-hard.
That first gif honestly describes me during the school year, haha. I’m in grade twelve right now and my classes are kind of stressful this semester, so I think I might actually end up taking a blogging hiatus too during the time I have exams…
So glad you’re back, Kelly! And I think all students can relate to the not wanting to study part. ;)
Anyway, this time round, the cover guessing game was moderately challenging. Thanks for the giveaway!
LOL I feel like the easy ones for everyone else was hard for me. Why do people not read more contemporary? D: And Kelly, this was so not easy. EASIER PLEASE. ;D
I got the first one right away but the other two have me stumped. But I feel like I should know #3. I feel like I’ve seen it a million times but I can’t think of the book!
So glad to see you back! I always have such a fun time trying to figure out these cover guessing games – they’re always tricky but when you do finally find what the book is it feels so good :)
So glad you’re back! I guess it wasn’t that hard, comparing with your previous cover guessing game. Thanks for the giveaway :D
I can not for the life of me figure out the third book cover and I only found the second by searching through other shelves and 2014 release lists. I’m so out of the loop with contemporaries!
It’s really hard! Except for the first one, I knew it already at first glance. The second one is a little difficult, I knew I have seen it somewhere on Goodreads and was glad when I finally recalled the title of the book. Last one’s the hardest!
Welcome back! I love your cover guessing games, they are always a challenge and so much fun. This one wasn’t too bad, although #3 took me quite some time and a lot of squinting lol. Thank you :)
It was medium.. I remembered a lot of these covers but I couldn’t for the life of me remember what they were called!
omg , I would love to win this because I love reading books & there’s tons of books I haven’t discover yet such as this one
This should be easy. I am quite familiar with these covers but I forgot their names as I didn’t add them on my tbr. But I must say this was a fun idea!
The first one was easy because I’m familiar with the cover but the other two I’m stil thinking about. Not giving up!
The first one I JUST got! After a few weeks. Not familiar with that author or the cover so yeaps….took me awhile. The other 2 were fine.
Hard! I knew the first one upon first glance, but I still haven’t gotten the second and third! Thanks for the giveaway! :)
I suck at cover guessing games, but I find them fun. I got the first one right away, but I’m still going for the next two XD
Effortlessly Reading is a place where you can find book reviews, discussions, author interviews, and giveaways.
Archive Select Month May 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 January 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012
Effortlessly Reading sometimes receives ARCs (Advance Reader Copies) from publishers or authors in exchange for honest reviews. Please note that no compensation of any kind has been provided in exchange for a review. Any use and/or duplication of my material without any permission is strictly prohibited.
Aug. 6 | So, let’s talk about how green aquaponics is. Aquaponics energy usage is from 70% to 92% less than a conventional or organic farm which use fuel and/or petrochemical-intensive fertilizers. All energy used is electrical, so alternate energy systems such...
Aug. 5 | The Hydraulic Ram Pump, Hydram, or simply Ram Pump is an automatic pumping device that is capable of pumping water higher than its original source without using electricity or any other power source. There is always wasted water produced by these units...
Aug. 4 | When people hear about sustainable, off-the-grid living, they usually picture primitive homes divorced from the comforts of the 21st century. I am finishing up my enlistment with roughly 25 grand debt free, so money is an issue for me having a family,...
Feb. 19 | Imagine a home that’s made out of recycled tires filled with dirt, bottles and cans. Now, imagine that home acting as a living organism that produces its own electricity through solar and wind energy, a home completely off the grid. This house would...
Dec. 27 | The main objective of this site is to bring together energy technologies and produce energy cheaper and with less pollution. Thinking about this in great depth I realized to go completely off grid I also need a food supply. While digging through all the...
Hendershot FuelLess Generator guide. Blueprints. Free Energy pdf provided here. This movie is 2 and a half hours long, but is very detailed. Great job on the build.
October 2018 - this month's events, a call for an evaluator, new DASH staff, PROCESSIONS, the 'Free Medicine' project
The DASH Newsletter for July 2018 - DASH report on the PROCESSIONS Project, we announce the launch of our Cultivate project film and invite young people to get involved with our new Disabled Young People's art project.
The DASH Newsletter for January 2018 - Processions Workshops, Catalyst Funding announcement, Looking for Peace Symposium and Join the Club with our Facebook Group. Also, information on the Home for Waifs and Strays project DASH are supporting.
The Autumn DASH newsletter, featuring a review of 'On The Tracks' by Trustee Yvette Priestley, and save the date for our Looking for Peace Symposium in March 2018.
The DASH newsletter for July 2017, featuring the launch of Juan delGado's Altered Landscapes, a review of AB2 by Poppy Noor - and details of On The Verge, a conference on Learning Disability and the Main Stage...
The DASH newsletter for May 2017 - with updates on the INSIDE project, including the launch of Juan delGado's Altered Landscapes - plus reviews of Awkward Bastards ABsence and more!
The DASH newsletter for March and April 2017 - updates on INSIDE with Altered Landscapes and Be Here, Now... Reflecting on Awkward Bastards ABsence, plus Audio Description Training too!
The DASH newsletter for February 2017 - not long until the return of Awkward Bastards with ABsence, plus several updates on the INSIDE project - with news of Juan delGado's Altered Landscapes.
The DASH newsletter for January 2017 - the return of Awkward Bastards in March, with ABsence... Plus details of a wonderful exhibition curated by DASH trustee Tanya Raabe-Webber.
The DASH newsletter for December 2016 - Christmas and New Year greetings from DASH, with a thank-you to project partners, contacts and friends for supporting DASH throughout 2016.
The DASH newsletter for November 2016 - with details of The Incorrigibles book launches, Awkward Bastards 2, ABsence - and a thank-you to those who participated in Beyond The Frame.
The DASH newsletter for October 2016 - exciting updates on both the forthcoming Symposiums (Beyond The Frame and Awkward Bastards 2) - plus news of The Incorrigibles and Grants for the Arts workshops.
The DASH newsletter for July 2016 - information on the Tu Fewn Symposium, Beyond the Frame - plus the extension of the application period for Starting to Write...
The DASH newsletter from June 2016 - updates on INSIDE project, with details of the commissioned artists - news on Cultivate and an exciting writing bursary.
The DASH newsletter from May 2016 - with updates on the INSIDE commission process, plus news of the Disability Co-operative Network and other creative opportunities.
The DASH newsletter from April 2016 - details of the INSIDE commission, plus information on the CAKE event at the Digital Humanities Hub for D2Art project.
The DASH newsletter from March 2016 - news from trustees on The Invisible Labs, as well as information on BSL courses - and dates for the diary regarding D2Art and Tu Fewn.
The DASH newsletter from January 2016 - Aidan Moesby's exhibition for Tu Fewn at Llantarnam Grange Arts Centre, update on Cultivate, plus the DASH board away-day!
The DASH newsletter from December 2015 takes a look back at the last 12 months and the work that DASH has been involved with across the country.
The DASH newsletter from November 2015 - with project updates on all current DASH projects including; Cultivate, Tu Fewn, Inside and D2Art.
The DASH newsletter from October 2015 - featuring project updates on Tu Fewn, Inside, Cultivate and D2Art. Also including details of the Shropshire arts cuts petition.
The DASH newsletter from July 2015 - details of Nicola Lane's In Conversation With The Past, deadline extended for Inside, plus a call for the D2Art artist survey.
The DASH newsletter from June 2015 - Art Express exhibition at VAN Gallery Shrewsbury, Inside: Final call for partners, and job opportunity with new project, Cultivate.
The DASH newsletter from April 2015 - the final weeks of both Disrupted at mac birmingham and Almost a Score at Arnolfini. Plus news on an Art Express exhibition - and Symposium t-shirts!
The DASH newsletter from March 2015 - with a review of the Awkward Bastards Symposium, information on the Disrupted exhibition at mac birmingham. The last Art Express workshop and much more!
The DASH newsletter from February 2015 - not long at all until the Symposium for the IN project at mac birmingham, plus only a few spaces on Zoe Partington's Art Express workshop in March!
The DASH newsletter from January 2015 - interviews for the three Tu Fewn commissions, more details on the Awkward Bastards symposium - and the full Art Express programme for the spring...
The DASH newsletter from December 2014 - details of Art Express, information on the Awkward Bastards Symposium at mac birmingham, plus an update for the Shrewsbury IN commission...
The DASH newsletter from November 2014 - Information on the Tu Fewn commissions, news on new Trustee Tanya and her trip to Australia - plus the final Art Express workshop of the year.
The DASH newsletter from October 2014 - we had lots of project updates, including for Tu Fewn, Art Express and IN... Also updates from our associate artists and other DASH people too!
The DASH newsletter from September 2014 - we released the first programme of workshops for the new Art Express project; plus the continued appeal for new trustees to join our existing board.
The DASH newsletter from August 2014 - news of Tanya Raabe's nomination for a National Diversity Award, our own Mike Layward going AWOL - and information on The Big Draw event as well.
The DASH newsletter from July 2014 - featuring the announcement of the Arnolfini commission in Bristol for the IN project, plus news on mentoring opportunities for artists and much more.
The DASH newsletter from June 2014 - announcing details of the Shrewsbury commission for the IN project. Plus a survey in partnership with the University of Birmingham, exploring digital tools.
The DASH newsletter for May 2014 - we announced the commission and curator in residence at mac birmingham. An update on Art Express and also the announcement of Tu Fewn commissions too!
DASH update for March - announcement of our new patron, exhibition opportunities across Shropshire for artists - and the opening of the new museum in Shrewsbury!
The DASH newsletter for February 2014 - with the launch of the Shrewsbury Commission for the IN project, plus updates on Sound Canvas arriving at the Hive and the new Tu Fewn project.
The DASH newsletter from January 2014 - news of Walls With Wounds, the IN commission at The Herbert Museum and Art Gallery. More information on Tu Fewn, plus Disability Art and Equality Training.
The DASH newsletter from December 2013 - our Sounds of Shropshire appeal, for digital landscapes and poetry to accompany Sound Canvas at the Hive in Shrewsbury. Plus the exciting arrival of Tu Fewn!
The DASH newsletter from November 2013 - the launch of our first crowd-funding project, plus further Photoshop workshops and the news that Sound Canvas won a Jodi Award!
The DASH newsletter from September 2013 - photographs of Sound Canvas at the Public, opportunities of interest for artists and the launch of the new website.
The newsletter for DASH in spring 2013 - featuring summaries of the Equality Training and Portrait Painting workshops, plus information on artistic opportunities.
The newsletter for DASH in January 2013 - featuring details of the M21 publication launch, plus mentoring opportunities and workshops for artists.
The newsletter for DASH in Christmas 2012 - featuring information on future workshops for the New Year; in addition to the website survey.
The newsletter for DASH in autumn 2012 - including the first IN commission at The Public, plus relevant opportunities for artists.
The newsletter for DASH in Spring 2012, announcing the organisation's future move to the Hive, along with the usual artistic opportunities.
The newsletter for DASH from November 2011 - with the round-up of interesting events for artists, plus details of the Defying Definitions Symposium.
A newsletter for DASH from November 2011, offering information on Disability Arts opportunities for both practitioners and audiences.
Disability films from around the world were shown by DASH at the three day festival in October 2011; this was the event invitation.
The newsletter from DASH in September 2011; the office was busy with the disability Film Festival, the IN Symposium and visual arts workshops.
DASH took part in the Open Studios event which took place across Shrewsbury in July 2011, with eighteen artists exhibiting over forty works of art.
The newsletter for DASH in May 2011 - covering Moving on Mentoring opportunities, all the usual events - and finally news on the ACE cuts.
The newsletter for DASH in March 2011 - providing detailed information on numerous workshops such as visuals arts and musical expression.
The newsletter for DASH in February 2011 - lots of workshops including Musical Fabrication, along with film screenings and details of Outside IN.
An announcement from DASH in January 2011 - funding to create a unique live art event in the home of the modern Olympic movement, Much Wenlock.
A further newsletter from DASH in November 2010, with information on the wishing-tree workshop in addition to other creative sessions.
The newsletter for DASH from November 2010; highlighting and promoting the programme of events for the 1st UK Disability Film Festival day.
The September 2010 newsletter for DASH; details of events including visual arts workshops - plus the launch of the Outside In project.
Invitation for the launch of Outside IN; a pioneering visual arts project increasing the number of Disabled and Deaf artists working with mainstream galleries.
This month Dr. Robert Schmieder, FN-86 will be discussing his very recent expedition to Easter Island and Salas y Gomez, Chile. Dr. Schmieder will have just returned from Chile on Sept. 23, so all the information presented will be fresh and exciting.
The expedition is a multi-purpose, multidisciplinary project involving natural science, amateur radio, archaeology, and state-of-the-art computer-based communications. A major goal is to implement new techniques for using available high technology to enhance communications from remote sites. The total crew for both teams is 32 (18 radio amateurs plus scientific divers and support), and includes persons from the US, Mexico, Netherlands, UK, Switzerland, Belgium, and Chile. A variety of innovative computer-based communications techniques have been implemented for this expedition, which will be discussed, as well as the fascinating history and culture of Easter Island.
The expedition will be carried out by two separate teams operating simultaneously. One team will travel to Easter Island and establish a base camp and operations center on the north side of the island. The second team will sail from Chile directly to Salas y Gomez, 225 km to the east of Easter Island. They will be helicoptered to the island, and remain there for approximately 6 days, subsequently returning directly to Chile.
In 1947, Thor Heyerdahl carried a flag of the Explorers Club with him on the raft Kon Tiki. In 1955, Heyerdahl again carried the same flag on his archaeological expedition to Easter Island. The 1995 Expedition to Easter Island will carry the same flag. Heyerdahl sent a message to Schmieder's expedition before they departed: "It remains only to wish you and you companions all the best of luck in your planned expedition. My best regards to your entire group and not the least our Easter Island friends. -Thor Heyerdahl"
Dr. Robert W. Schmieder is an atomic physicist at Sandia National Laboratories. He is also head of Cordell Expeditions, an independent nonprofit research group dedicated to exploration and documentation of Pacific islands, seamounts and reefs. He has published several books, his most recent being "3Y0PI" documenting an expedition to Peter I island, and "Ecology of an Underwater Island." He has carried the Explorers Club flag on five different expeditions. Robert took over the Chairmanship of the Explorers Club Northern California Chapter from Ron Reuther FN-74 in 1995, after serving as Vice Chairman for the Chapter.
Charlie Southall MN-91 says that the Garage on Sacramento is the 'Brockles Bank' garage (not the one directly across the street). We've never been entirely successful on valet parking and I think we should not bother. The Bank garage is close enough and reasonable.
The Fifteenth annual Carey Baldwin Memorial Garden Party was hosted by Erna Baldwin at her home in Marin County This event once again wrapped up our season and, with great thanks to Erna for her wonderful hospitality, the Chapter had a wonderful time visiting and discussing the plans for the field season. The pictures garden-party in this newsletter were received from Martha Schmieder.
Some speakers that have volunteered, but not yet pined down on dates are: Jeff Shea MN-92 (Everest climb), Dan Liebowitz MN-66 (Africa- his new book), Jonathan Chester (Antarctica), and Dr. Eric Weiss (Wilderness medicine).
I am writing to tell you good news about my Everest attempt: On May 24, at 9:00 AM, I reached the summit of Mount Everest by way of the North Ridge route.
Our Base Camp was at 5,200 m at the foot of the Rongbuk glacier. Advanced Base Camp was 22 km around Changtse, at 6,400 m. Camp 1 was established at 7,000 m on the North Col; Camp 2 was at 7,600 m; Camp 3 at 8,200 m, situated below the North Ridge. Summit day for me began at midnight. The climb traverses up and to the right of the ridge and meets the ridge before the First Step. Once over the First Step, the ridge walk continues to the Second Step where we changed oxygen bottles. It was 5:00 AM and dawn came. From this point you can see the Third Step and the final summit snow slope. The final snow slope is a short exposed climb at about 8,800 m. Once on top of this, the final plateau is reached fro where it is an easy walk about 20 minutes to the top.
Our team was organized by OTT Expeditions from Britain. It was comprised of 19 Western climbers, which included three guides; and 16 Sherpas which included 4 cooks. Nine Western climbers of our team made it in five summit attempts. There were about six Sherpa ascents from our team. The weather was unusually fine this Spring. There were two windows of great weather lasting about 10 days each time. If you want, I could show some slides at one of our meetings. Looking forward to hearing from you.
Hope everything is going great. I have recently seen a www site for the Order of the Arrow under the Boy Scouts of America and it reminded me of the Explorer Post I was in. Has anyone ever expressed interest in sponsoring an Explorer Post in the Bay Area? Seems a perfect way to seed the area for new Explorers Club candidates. Fits the charter, too, I believe. I would think a Post that charters to follow the Explorer's Club goals would be perfect for San Francisco - they could meet at our new building...and have experts in our chapter from many fields to guide them, if necessary. Anyhow, I am happy to correspond about this subject with anyone interested.
I did not reach the summit of Everest. You may recall we were climbing the North Ridge-to-North Face route, and I turned back at 7950 meters due to very cold extremities and just plain exhaustion. I was climbing without supplemental oxygen. Given that this was my first trip to the Himalaya and to the "big hills," I'm still kinda pleased at my outcome, even if not the to summit. I have been "tentatively" invited to join another expedition to the south (Nepal) side of Everest in '98, and I am hoping to organize and lead an expedition there in 2000 commemorating the millennium. I've already begun talking with climbers from Italy, Sweden and the US about the "International Everest 2000" expedition and am in the process of completing a permit application.
I returned Thursday night from Alaska. Three of us on my team, including self (I "led" the unguided expedition) summitted McKinley on June 23rd at 10PM, where the temperature on the summit was -40F with moderate (25mph) winds. Everyone returned safe and sound, save for some very minor frost-nip on fingers and toes that will fully recover sometime this or next week. It proved to be a tragic year on Denali, as seven persons died (four while we were there) and many more were seriously injured, through falls and cold. I don't know if any of those stories were picked up in the papers down in the flatlands. The weather was unseasonably badÑwe were stormed in our tents at 17,000 feet for six days of snow and 80mph winds, forcing us to dig a snow cave for comfort and safety.
John Roush, FN-80 sent information about a grand new book. World War II Reminiscences is a book consisting of 75 chapters. It contains vivid experiences and well-illustrated tales of Reserve Officers Association Members in combat in all theaters of war. It contains 326 pages and is a project of the California Dept. ROA, World War II Commemoration Committee. Seven members of the Northern California Chapter of The Explorers Club have stories published in this book. You can obtain your copy by sending a check payable to ROA Dept. of California, c/o Capt. Miles H. Bresee, USNR-Ret., Dept. Treasurer, P.O. Box 4950, San Rafael, CA 94913. The cost is $17.50 (in California, send $18.77 to include sales tax). This is a Limited Edition you will not want to miss!
I invite you to come to the "business" meetings, which will be the half-hour ahead of the regular dinner meeting. We will give priority to whatever business you may wish to bring or bring up. From time-to-time, the officers may ask for a consensus of those present for a proposed action. This is a chance to directly influence decisions and actions within our Chapter. Please feel welcome to be at these short sessions.
A couple years ago we began to compile a list of books published by Chapter members. We are maintaining that list, and will publish it in appropriate places at appropriate times. If you did not add your publications to this list, or have some thing to add, please convey the information to the Chairman. The easiest way would be by e-mail cordell@ccnet.com or fax: (510) 934-3735
We continue to have authorization for a grant for a young explorer, for an amount up to $1,000. This will be done on an irregular basis, when a good candidate is presented. With the tentative plan for the Gate-Away in October, 1996, this would be a good time to start thinking about a candidate, so he or she could make a presentation to he assembled luminaries at the ECGG. A good candidate might be an undergraduate working in field science, to support carrying out an original project, or to support participation in a major expedition. If you know an energetic young explorer, think about the possibility that the Chapter could help with the Dan Reid Memorial Exploration Grant.
We were stupid kids. We are still stupid. This show is stupid. Lets talk about black face and look for boobs on the internet. www.amateurblackface.com MAGIC SHOW!
At @CelebrateBklyn for #neutralmilkhotel? Send us a tweet about why you love Brooklyn with hashtag #cbbk for a chance to be upgraded to VIP!
BT Notifier - Notice for SmartWatch Pro ! is a free program only available for iPhone, that is part of the category Business & Productivity and that has been published by Kien Hai.
The information about the install size of BT Notifier - Notice for SmartWatch Pro ! is currently not available.
The current version of the software is 1.3 and was updated on 06/08/2017.BT Notifier - Notice for SmartWatch Pro ! is available for users with the operating system iOS 8.1.2 and more recent versions, and it is only available in English.
A luxury companion for a nice Gentleman you are, wanting to know a woman with distinction and glamour. I'm sweet, passionate, affectionate and I love kissing. Dare to meet me. I
TOP escorts SEXY shemale Mia in Dubai I am a hot Shemale from Poland. I am sweet, friendly and positive. I believe that every day that passes and you do not find a reason to smile
Sexy and sophisticated, Soledad is one of our brunet escorts who will surely set the blood rushing through your loins. In her early twenties, Soledad stands 168 cm tall and has a
The terms of this agreement (the 'Agreement') govern the relationship between you and EroDolls regarding the use of services on EroDolls website. In this Agreement 'EroDolls' means , with the registered address at as the operator of the website.
Adult Service Provider (ASP)/Performer – An adult entity older than age 18 or 21 in some region, who provides shows, chats or interacts with visitors of the site.
Token Balance – At EroDolls, Members have the opportunity of obtaining Tokens to pay for premium services, by purchasing packages. Payments are securely processed by our payment processors, and the purchased Tokens consequently appear on the Member’s account as a balance.
Free Chat – An uninhibited option to interact with Adult Service Providers in a form of writing on-screen text messages.
Private Chat – In Private Chat, Members are permitted to write or even talk (voice communication) with ASPs face-to-face, in exclusion from the general users. However, other Members have an option to enter Voyeur/Spy Chat and watch ASPs’ performance.
Full Private Chat – In Full Private Chat, Members are permitted to write or even talk (voice communication) with ASPs face-to-face, in exclusion from all other Members and visitors.
Gifts/Real Gifts – virtual/real gifts that can be given by the Subscriber to the Adult Service Provider (ASP).
1.1.	EroDolls is an online adult interactive website (including nude and non-nude erotic and sexual content). Therefore, its access by minors is prohibited. The access to EroDolls is not recommended to persons who might be sensible to adult entertainment, content; any eventual access of EroDolls by such persons will be their sole responsibility.
1.2.	The adult entertainment provided on the website is rendered by female, male and transgender individuals over the age of 18 spread worldwide, who are commonly designated Adult Service Providers (ASP).
1.3.	The Adult Service Providers (ASP) chat and carry out live webcam shows, in front of their camera, for Subscribers all over the world, who have selected them according to live streams, images, offline (teaser) and paid videos.
By agreeing to EroDolls Terms, you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions, not this descriptive text that is only made to simplify them and make it easier to search for whatever you might want to find.
Make sure to read full EroDolls Terms and Conditions carefully through, because all issues and disputes are resolved based on them.
By using given website you are considered to have agreed with all of the EroDolls Terms and Conditions.
As our website evolves, so do our terms, therefore we ask you to check this page once in a while to be aware of any changes made.
2.1. EroDolls is divided in specific areas, which provide free and paid Adult Entertainment services. EroDolls is constantly adding new services in order to accommodate its Subscribers' requirements.
2.2. Prior to selecting the services intended, it is important to consult the content, price list and means of payment (credit and debit cards, online checks, etc.) established for such services for your country. This information is available on the website.
2.3. The publication of different content on the website does not mean that EroDolls supports the author or takes the responsibility for such content.
2.4. EroDolls makes, to the extent permitted by law, no warranties or representations as to the information, services or products provided through or in connection with the service. Subscribers' use of the service is at their own risk.
2.5. EroDolls seeks, at all times, to provide each Subscriber with the best contents and services available. However, it cannot give warranty of merchantability, fitness for any purpose, or non-results of the use of the content in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness and reliability or otherwise.
2.6. EroDolls nor any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the service or content is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising from the access to, use of, or interpretation of, the services, products or information provided by or through EroDolls, without prejudice to the terms established below in the present Agreement.
2.7. EroDolls is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any content, including broadcasting content or activity on/through the website EroDolls.com. EroDolls is not responsible for any inaccurate, wrong, offensive, inappropriate, or defamatory content that is contained on the Website. EroDolls is not responsible for any Content, including but not limited to broadcasting content that violates a community's norms or mores.
2.8. EroDolls expects and demands that the Members and Models/Studios comply with all federal, state, provincial and local laws when using the website EroDolls.com and when submitting or posting or broadcasting Content to/trough the website EroDolls.com and/or when rendering services on the website EroDolls.com.
All the information regarding paid services and terms of payment can be found on corresponding pages of our website.
We are not responsible for any content other Members publish on our website and don’t give any warranties regarding the safety of using our services. All of the EroDolls Members act at their own risk.
3.1. EroDolls has no intention to support immoral interests; therefore strict rules have been set forth.
3.2. EroDolls's services are only available for persons over the age of 18 (21 in some regions). Therefore, no sexually explicit material is within the easy reach of minors.
3.3. Persons under the age of 18 (21 in some regions) are also not allowed to be Adult Service Providers (ASP). Consequently, all Adult Service Providers (ASP) were 18 years of age or older (21 in some regions) during the time of photography, as per proof of age held by the custodian of records. Under no circumstances does EroDolls present Adult Service Providers (ASP) as children.
3.4.1. signing of an Agreement declaring, namely, the genuineness of personal data and age provided;
3.5. The accounts of the Adult Service Providers (ASP) are immediately and permanently suspended if they violate EroDolls's principles.
3.6. At EroDolls there is a zero tolerance policy related to child pornography (written or visual). In case of the slightest suspicion, the account in question is immediately and permanently closed and the appropriate authorities may be contacted.
3.7. EroDolls reserves the right to apply immediate and permanent suspension in case a screen name is offensive, refers to minors or upon the slightest suspicion of forgery.
Also, if you want to use EroDolls, you have to consider that our website includes sexually explicit materials which might be prohibited in your region.
You can't use EroDolls for anything illegal! Child pornography is strictly forbidden at EroDolls, as well as other immoral and illegal activities.
4.1. In order to Subscribe (register an account) at EroDolls it is mandatory to be at least 18 years old or 21 in some regions, in compliance with the local regulations applicable to the Subscriber.
4.2. By registering on EroDolls and by accepting this Agreement, Subscribers agree to indemnify, pay the costs of defense and hold harmless EroDolls, its officers, directors, affiliates, attorneys, shareholders, managers, members, agents and employees from any and all claims, losses, liabilities or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) brought by third parties arising out of or related to their conduct, statements or actions, as well as breach of any term, condition or promise contained herein and unlawful conduct in the framework of this Agreement.
4.3. In case of Subscriber’s unlawful conduct or breach of the present Agreement, EroDolls may terminate, without notice, Subscriber's account and/or anything associated with it. EroDolls will not be held responsible for any possible loss as a result of such termination nor for any credit compensation or refund.
4.4. In order to prevent fraudulent transactions, we reserve the right to verify your identity at any time by requesting certain documents. These documents will typically include a photocopy of an identity card and payment method used. Documents can be sent through your account or email.
4.5. The present Agreement will be effective as from the date when the Subscriber registers on EroDolls and accepts this Agreement and will remain in force until duly terminated by either party in full compliance with the terms and conditions expressly set forth in this Agreement.
By doing so, you are agreeing to all of the EroDolls Terms and Conditions. We reserve the right to delete your account if you violate our rules.
5.1. The Subscribers may purchase token packages to spend in the available areas of Adult Entertainment; therefore the selection of services must be preceded of the consultation by the Subscriber of the corresponding content, price list and means of payment made available on the website (www.EroDolls.com/prices).
5.1.2. EroDolls prices are subject to change from time to time at EroDolls sole discretion and without prior notification to the Subscriber. The currently valid prices are available on the website (www.EroDolls.com/prices). Continuing to use the services on the website will be considered implicit acceptance by the Subscriber of such changes.
5.2. Public text chat with the Adult Service Providers (ASP) is free, but if a Subscriber wants to access the full feature service he/she must click on “Private Chat” button, select “Private Chat” or “Full Private Chat” from the list and click “Start”, or click on “Group Chat” and then “Start”. When Adult Service Provider (ASP) accepts an invitation from a Subscriber, from that point on Subscriber stays in the video chat room with the Adult Service Provider (ASP) entering into a private mode where the purchased tokens are used on a per-second basis.
5.3. Subscribers may use the option "Voyeur/Spy Chat” when the Adult Service Provider (ASP) is currently in a Private Chat or Group Chat with other Subscribers. Purchased tokens are used on a per-second basis while Subscriber is in “Voyeur/Spy Chat”.
5.4. Subscriber may exit private/spy/group mode at any time by clicking the Exit button above the video stream.
5.5. Billing of a given account (the actual price payable for credit packages) depends on the physical location where the account has been created. Please take into consideration that EroDolls reserves the right to round prices and therefore, will be entitled to apply rounding.
5.6. In case of any query will be able to help you regarding your transactions made through different payment providers as well, by contacting the provider in question. Therefore, for billing information and support the following contacts should be used: or send an email to . EroDolls does not store nor has access to transaction details.
5.9. Any complaint must be placed within 24 hours counted from the occurrence, at EroDolls Customer Service. Given the complexity and particularities of the procedure to determine the righteousness of the complaints placed after the referred 24 hour period, these will only be acknowledged in cases of force majeure.
5.10. EroDolls Customer Service team may, whenever deemed necessary, carefully investigate reports and other data at its disposal, resorting to any existing means for such effect.
5.11. EroDolls will only compensate/refund credits in the amount proportionally determined in accordance to the price paid and problem effectively reported when any tokens are lost due to dysfunction of EroDolls or an Adult Service Provider (ASP) in the private part of the site totally and explicitly refuses to provide erotic content. In case some erotic content is provided, EroDolls will assess the situation and decide whether the claim of customer is grounded and any compensation/refund of tokens is due.
5.12. Due to the payment system and third-party payment processors, only the same amount can be refunded which was originally paid for the purchase (i.e. no partial refund of token packages bought is possible). For this purpose whenever only part of the tokens is used, refund would as the case may only be possible by restoring the tokens on your account. No payment refund will be possible. Refunds, when possible according to the above, will be issued using the same payment method the purchase was made with. The corresponding amount of tokens will be deducted from the EroDolls account's balance. Certain payment methods do not allow the refund because of technical reasons.
5.13. Amounts spent on related services, such as Gifts or Real Gifts are not subject to refund/compensation.
5.14. Notwithstanding the above, EroDolls will not be liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any Subscriber, or for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of or use of records, whether under contract or tort theory, or under any other cause of action, for any amount over and above the amount paid by the Subscriber to EroDolls.
5.15. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, will EroDolls or any of its related, affiliated companies be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use the service, without prejudice of the established in the present clause.
5.16. Cases of dishonest behaviour related to online transactions are handled with high priority keeping, however, in mind the Subscriber’s privacy. Such cases may be outsourced to companies specialized in this field.
5.17. The Subscriber accepts that in case of any fraudulent transaction EroDolls has a right to use all available information at its disposal during any kind of legal procedure. Including, without the claim of completeness, browser history, IP and email addresses and any other traceable activity. During such legal procedures EroDolls might involve other, professional investigator parties and share certain information in order to comply with law requirements, vindicate its rights and represent the best interests of its Customers. The Subscriber will stay liable for investigation or collection costs related to any fraudulent transaction.
5.19. Please take into consideration that EroDolls reserves the right to round payments to be paid as a compensation / refund, and therefore, EroDolls will be entitled to apply rounding.
To make our website interesting and easy to use for our Members, we have developed different kinds of services and their payment methods.
Our Customer support center is available for your convenience and safety 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Don’t try to fraud us or other Members! All accounts related to fraudulent activity will be blocked.
EroDolls does not guarantee that refunds will be available for tokens or money for any reason, therefore all transactions should be considered final. We may provide refunds in tokens in some of the cases, but we are never obligated to do so.
6.2. I am fully aware that viewing adult content is only allowed for viewers of at least 18 years old or 21 in some regions.
6.3. I expressly declare that, on the present date, I have reached the necessary age to view adult content in accordance to my local regulations.
6.4. I currently reside in the country which I truthfully and accurately indicated in the form provided to register into EroDolls and undertake the duty to immediately inform, within 24 hours, of any change of residence by sending an email to .
6.5. I acknowledge that the above referred duty will only be considered to be duly accomplished until EroDolls issues the confirmation that the above mentioned changes have been well received.
6.6. I am fully and exclusively liable for any false declarations regarding my residency and for not informing EroDolls of its change in compliance with the above mentioned terms.
6.7. I also certify that I am aware of my criminal liability and, therefore, will act, under all circumstances, in accordance to my local community standard of morality and applicable laws.
6.8. I believe that, as an adult, I have the inalienable right to read/view any content I deem advisable.
6.9. Reading and/or viewing content on the website does not in any way infringe the norms or law of my neighborhood, village, city, county, state or country.
6.10. I am fully aware that all contents and materials provided on EroDolls, included but not limited to live camera streams, images, graphics, applications and texts are duly protected by the applicable legislation, being all rights reserved. Therefore they will be for my own exclusive personal use.
6.11. I am fully aware of and agree that EroDolls can grant full cooperation to legal authorities investigating fraudulent transactions and other matters falling under legal jurisdiction as well as responds to subpoenas and court orders.
6.12. I acknowledge that EroDolls and its affiliates cannot be held responsible for any legal ramifications that may arise as a result of fraudulent entry into, or use of, this website and/or material contained herein.
6.13. I also acknowledge that EroDolls or any of its related, affiliated companies cannot be held responsible for any damages or losses originating from any contact with Adult Service Providers (ASP).
6.14. I understand and accept that under no circumstances will EroDolls or any of its related, affiliated companies be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages that result from any false disclosures that may arise, violation of the rights of Subscribers, prostitution, pedophilia, child pornography, illegal abuse, exploitation or traffic of women and/or children.
6.15. I recognize and hereby authorize a team of EroDolls to review any content for violation of its policies. Any forbidden content will be immediately removed by EroDolls. Notwithstanding, I am aware that it is not a duty to proceed with such revision and said entity will not be considered responsible, either jointly or severally, in the case of my unlawful conduct.
6.16. I agree that intellectual property rights (including but not limited to right to use, adapt, translate, etc.) to any content (eg. chat messages, etc.) created, published or otherwise made public by me on EroDolls will belong to EroDolls.
6.17. I expressly authorize EroDolls to monitor, record and log all my online activities on the website (including chat, video, email).
6.18. I acknowledge and agree that any material recorded or any original work made under this Agreement and/or when using EroDolls services (and all rights therein, including, without limitation, copyright) belong to and will be the sole and exclusive property of EroDolls.
6.19. I hereby expressly assign, and transfer, without further compensation, to EroDolls the results, content, and proceeds of my appearance(s) (including all such appearances made to date) videos, audio, chat, dialog, texts, acts, and instructional videos and advices, all of which are part of services provided - including all author rights to the above mentioned materials, renewals and extensions of such rights worldwide and throughout the whole validity period of such rights.
6.20. EroDolls will be deemed the authors thereof for all purposes and owner of all rights, title and interest, of every kind and character for the period of the validity of such rights, including any extensions and renewals, in all jurisdictions.
6.21. EroDolls may use and reuse, publish, distribute, edit, excerpt, exhibit and otherwise exploit my name (real or fictional), likeness, persona, performance, voice, pictures, chat, video, audio, biological information and identification, and statements, for any and all uses, in whole or in part, in any and all media and manners now known or learned, for the use anywhere, without limitation, including in connection with advertising, exploitation and publicizing.
6.22. I hereby expressly waive any rights and declare to withdraw any claim that any use by EroDolls violates any of my rights, including but not limited to moral rights, privacy rights, rights to publicity, proprietary or other rights, and/or rights to credit for the material or ideas set for therein.
6.23. EroDolls may edit my appearance as they see fit (and I waive any and all moral rights that I may have), and I understand that they have no obligation to use my appearance(s).
6.24. Still pictures may be made from video or my appearance(s) by any means, and I grant to EroDolls, its successors, licensees and assignees the right to use said photographs, without further payment to me in printed publications, digitally on the internet or via CD, or any other media, without restrictions.
6.25. I also grant to EroDolls, its successors, licensees and assignees the right to use any photos taken by me (via webcam or by other means) and sent for publication on the site, without further payment to me in printed publications, digitally on the internet or via CD, or any other media, without restrictions.
6.26. I hereby expressly waive any further financial compensation for any of the rights assigned, transferred or granted to EroDolls under this Agreement.
6.27. I declare and acknowledge that I am not acting on behalf of a legal person but as an individual consumer and in no event the purchase of services under this Agreement could be considered as being part of my professional activity.
In order to keep future misunderstandings between us to a minimum, we as adult and responsible people have to give each other a number of important assurances listed in given section of Terms and Conditions. Please read them carefully through!
Everything you see in EroDolls chat rooms is made by third parties, not by us. We aren’t responsible for anything you might see here, as we can’t control every action these third parties take.
By using our website, you understand and agree that we provide our services as is and are not responsible for any damages or harm that may come from using our services.
No one anyhow related to EroDolls (including the site, performers, and any third parties) is responsible for any damages, harm or expenses that arise from incorrect use of this website, including violations of given Terms and Conditions.
All of the EroDolls content is produced by performers and members, who have agreed to our Terms and Conditions and are responsible for making sure their content is legal, has all the necessary copyrights and does not violate our rules.
7.1. I agree not to copy, reproduce, republish, download, transmit and/or make available to the public any of the content/materials of EroDolls, without the prior written consent of EroDolls.
7.2. I am fully aware that EroDolls may impose a contractual fine on the Subscriber in the amount of from 500 US dollars to 5000 US dollars per every copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, transmited and/or made available by the Subscriber to the public any of the content/materials of EroDolls without the prior written consent of EroDolls.
7.3. I am fully liable for any false disclosures and responsible for any legal ramifications that may arise from viewing, reading, or downloading of material and images contained within this website.
7.4. I will never expose minors to the content of the website and will take on full precautions to avoid any type of exhibition or access of the minors to the website, namely, for example, by not including the website in their list of favorite sites to visit. I will be solely responsible in case any minor would access EroDolls through my account or by using my credit card details.
7.6. I will not give out personal information, provide or support escort services and/or prostitution.
7.7. I will not arrange personal appointments with any Adult Service Provider (ASP), since it is prohibited, and will not exchange my telephone number with an Adult Service Provider/Subscriber or in any other way try to have any physical contact with an Adult Service Provider (ASP)/Subscriber. In any event, I acknowledge that EroDolls would not be liable should by breaching these Terms & Conditions I would try to have a physical contact with an Adult Services Provider/Subscriber.
7.8. I will not use obscene words, threaten or quarrel with, or violate the rights of visitors, Adult Service Providers (ASP), EroDolls support persons or management of the website, since it is prohibited.
7.9. Text content sent or forwarded and the chosen user name will not be offensive, will not suggest pedophilia, adolescence, bestiality or zoophilia, or refer to emanation or consumption of any bodily waste.
7.10. I will not use remarks and user names that are unacceptable by the standards of good taste, suggesting violation of the law or deceiving others.
7.11. I will inform, immediately, EroDolls of any unlawful conduct of the Adult Service Providers (ASP), as well as of any unlawful use of trademarks, brands and/or registered music.
7.12. I undertake the duty to immediately clear out of my recording area/chat directory all objects subject to forbidden and/or abusive content, to trademark or any other intellectual property right of third parties, and to comply with legal requirements at all times, avoiding unlawful use of items of intellectual property, trademarks, brands, imagery, and/or registered music, and to comply with the terms and conditions, rules and mandatory requirements applied by EroDolls.
7.13. I undertake the duty to publish, display, text, upload, transmit to EroDolls the photo/video/audio/text content only in accordance with the law requirements and the terms and conditions applied by EroDolls to the photo/video/audio/text content.
7.14. I undertake not to publish, display, write, text, upload nor transmit to EroDolls any form of forbidden content including but not limited to content with underage sexual activity, incest, demonstration of blood, offensive content, content that suggests pedophilia, adolescence, bestiality or zoophilia, elimination or consumption of any bodily waste, link references, advertising material, logos, signatures, etc.
7.15. I understand and agree that EroDolls is entitled at any time at its sole discretion to delete, remove, edit and adapt any photo/video/audio/text content uploaded, written, published, displayed by the Subscriber and/or by the Performer in any directory on EroDolls without any prior notice to the Subscriber and/or the Performer.
This section is about your responsibilities while using EroDolls services. We kindly ask you to read this section of Terms and Conditions carefully through, to avoid any unpleasant situations. It’s really simple and easy to understand!
Playing a recorded video instead of live camera show is strictly prohibited and will result in the account being blocked.
Any kind of illegal activity is prohibited to be broadcasted on EroDolls. Among other things this includes showing minors on cam, illegal drugs, incest, bestiality, any type of violence and scat or vomit.
Our models are not prostitutes, therefore any discussion of escort or prostitution services on the site is also strictly forbidden.
8.1. EroDolls reserves a right to suspend or cancel any member account in case of breach of any term of this Agreement or any unlawful conduct of the Subscriber in the framework of this Agreement and to contact any relevant authorities, including but not limited to initiating any criminal complaint and contacting state prosecutor.
9.1. I hereby authorise EroDolls to process technical data related to my visit to the EroDolls website and my personal data, including sensitive data (e.g., relating to my sexual life), provided by me or collected during the registration process in accordance with the present Privacy Policy, during the period of my subscription with EroDolls and after cancellation of my subscription during the period necessary for EroDolls to comply with legal requirements.
9.2. I have not provided and will not provide any false information and/or documents to EroDolls. Therefore, I recognise that EroDolls has the right to, immediately and unilaterally, terminate the present Agreement upon the slightest suspicion of forgery.
9.3. I allow all my data to be inspected by EroDolls, randomly, resorting to any existing means for such effect. Notwithstanding, I am aware that it is not their duty to proceed with such inspection and said entities will not be considered responsible, either jointly or severally, in the case of my unlawful conduct.
9.4. I agree and authorise EroDolls to obtain and store information automatically from my computer used to visit the EroDolls website (using cookies and similar technologies). EroDolls may track the Subscriber’s visit to the website by giving a choice to accept Cookies when entering. Cookies help collect anonymous data by tracking user trends and patterns.
9.5. I agree and allow EroDolls to collect, process and communicate to its processors, the following types of data/information related to Subscriber:
9.5.1. information that the Subscribers voluntarily provide to and/or authorize to view, such as names, email address, address, date of birth and other miscellaneous account information submitted through EroDolls Submission Forms.
9.5.2. number of visits and areas of EroDolls pages visited by the Subscribers. Software and hardware attributes might get logged too, along with any other data that can be gained from the general Internet environment, such as browser type, IP address, etc.
9.5.3. private communications, such as telephone conversations, chat logs, faxes and letters to EroDolls Staff along with e-mail messages to Adult Service Providers (ASP) or to our Staff. EroDolls also keeps Adult Service Providers (ASP) chat client logs for a limited period of time.
9.6. EroDolls will use the data collected from the Subscribers for mainly general purposes, such as improving services, contacting the Subscribers, customizing the website content and for promotional marketing purposes, to the extent allowed by law.
9.7. By accepting this Agreement, the Subscriber also agrees that EroDolls may also research behaviour patterns and trends to improve the Subscribers’ user experience.
9.8. EroDolls takes serious security measures to grant maximum protection to information against unauthorised access, modification, disclosure, or deletion of data. The Subscribers’ details are always protected by highly sophisticated security system.
9.10. Besides using its own security software and mechanisms, EroDolls also incorporates the most advanced security technologies available in order to ensure maximum safety of its Subscribers.
9.11. EroDolls employees' access to any personal information of EroDolls Subscribers is extremely limited and they are bound by confidentiality obligations. Therefore, they might be subject to disciplinary measures, including the termination of their contracts and in serious cases even criminal prosecution should they fail to meet these strict obligations.
9.12. EroDolls does not rent, sell, trade, share, or otherwise transfer information to outside parties except the communication to EroDolls group companies and service providers in order to ensure the good functioning of EroDolls services.
9.13. EroDolls does not allow its performers to record or capture the members’ personal camera feeds during private shows. Such action is prohibited on the website.
9.14. The Subscribers may obtain a copy of any personal information that EroDolls process and ask for rectification of any incorrect personal data, upon written request to the contacts provided in the present Agreement and indication of the address to which the information must be sent. If the Subscriber would like to oppose the processing of personal data by EroDolls, he/she is entitled to cancel his/her account on EroDolls at any time as described above.
9.15. EroDolls, upon reception of the above mentioned request, will communicate the personal data concerning the Subscriber to the email address provided during the registration process on EroDolls. EroDolls will be held harmless in the case the right, foreseen in the previous clause, is exercised and the personal data is lost or subject to unauthorised access.
9.16. In case of any queries, the Subscriber may use the contacts foreseen in clause 12 of the present Agreement.
9.17. The Company shall not be liable for damages caused to the temporary unavailability of services related to technical problems (such as: work on improvement of server and software, hacker attacks, a problem of the data center, routing, etc.).
9.18. The Company is not responsible for damages and/or loss of the content resulting from the hacker attacks and any other attacks and/or unlawful acts directed against EroDolls.com or/and affiliated websites, and/or the Company.
You trust us with your personal information which we will use only for your own good in the most delicate and confidential way.
We may send you newsletters and emails regarding any new features on our website or other announcements once in a while.
10.1. EroDolls is a Flash-technology based website which also uses the so-called “Shared-Object” technology in order to improve user experience.
10.2. EroDolls suggests for the Subscribers to enable “Cookies” in their browsers to ensure full functionality.
11.1. EroDolls does not send spam messages and will not tolerate spam, distancing itself from any actions related to spamming.
11.2.1. Manipulating messages, such as email headers, sent to or through EroDolls computer systems in a way that may deceit Subscribers of EroDolls.
11.2.2. Relaying email from a third party's mail servers without the permission of that third party.
11.2.3. Sending, relaying or causing to be sent false, deceptive information or that is otherwise against the business interest of EroDolls.
11.2.4. Using or causing to be used EroDolls computer systems to facilitate the transmission of unsolicited or unauthorized material. This includes any promotional materials, URLs or any other form of unauthorized solicitation that you may upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available.
11.2.6. Disrupting the normal flow of dialogue by posting messages in quick succession, multiple times, using capital letters only or otherwise acting in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real-time exchanges.
11.3. Spamming through EroDolls system or disturbing its Subscribers is a violation of Terms and Conditions of the site.
11.4. EroDolls does everything in its power to protect its Subscribers from deleterious effects of spamming.
11.5. The use of all legal proceedings is considered in case of spamming inflicting a loss on EroDolls.
11.6. Notwithstanding the above, EroDolls when authorized by the Subscribers, within the terms of the present Agreement, may send promotional e-mails and every e-mail will contain the option to unsubscribe from the mailing list.
11.7. Registered Subscribers may occasionally receive newsletters in relation to EroDolls. The messages sent to Subscribers are transactional or relationship messages. Any promotional messages will be only sent if the Subscriber has expressed consent for receiving such promotional marketing services.
11.8. In case Subscribers would like to report spam, it is recommended to use “Contact Support” message form which can be reached through the link on the main page of EroDolls - Support Team investigates all reports as soon as possible.
13.1. This Agreement sets forth the full and complete understanding between Subscribers and EroDolls with respect to its subject matter, and supersedes all prior understanding or agreements, whether written or verbal.
13.2. Unless contrary to law or otherwise stated, each provision of this Agreement will survive termination.
13.3. If any portion of this Agreement is deemed unenforceable by a Court of competent jurisdiction, it will not affect the enforceability of the other portions of this Agreement.
13.4. The prevailing party in any suit to enforce the terms hereof will be entitled to recover his/her/its reasonable attorneys' fees.
13.5. If any modification is unacceptable to you, you will cease using the EroDolls website and its services and be able to terminate your subscription (if any). If you do not cease using the EroDolls website and its services, you will be conclusively deemed to have accepted the change.
13.6. The English version will prevail of all legal statements, statutory declarations made by EroDolls, including the present Agreement. EroDolls does not accept any kind of legal claims, or other complaints for the misunderstandings as a result of any mistranslation.
13.7. These Terms of Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, excluding its conflicts of law rules. You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or your use of this Site will lie only in the courts of the Republic of Cyprus, and you further agree to and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
13.8. Any disputes arising between EroDolls and the Subscribers will be settled amicably and only when this solution is not efficient, the competent jurisdiction for the disputes arising from this Agreement will be the courts of the Republic of Cyprus.
EroDolls is a global website, but by using our services you agree that the jurisdiction for any claim or dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions lie only in the courts of the Republic of Cyprus.
If any part of these Terms and Conditions will become invalid as a result of a court verdict or change in legislation, the rest will still be in effect. The main version of these Terms and Conditions is in English and it will prevail of all others.
Do you want to work in an international company? If this is your goal and you want to set priorities on quality and reliability, just send us your application.
Currently there are no vancancies to offer. Nevertheless we are looking for to your speculative application.
For this please send us your application with your CV and credentials to the following adress: personal@soenmezpack.com
We are an owner-managed family business in downtown Nuermberg. Packaging-wholesale has been our core-business for over 25 years.
The Games sex tape has allegedly leaked onto the internet, according to a new report. The explicit fourminute video gives fans a glimpse into the
Wife Porn Tube Movies is definitely the right place to be if you're looking for the free hottest porno tube movies! Nothing else here but the greatest quality hd
Simple overview of the tides and water levels of Port Longyear. For a more detailed view, click here.
70.0% "Which means that he does the turn... but it can't be felt... it only can be seen the motions."
70.0% "I am very curious how author like Guillermo del Toro... deals with memories... like for example why now did he choose the child and before he choose the old man?
70.0% "Always there is some kinda motion picture... is it something from the "Now" or from the "Past"... it comes and plays here.
35.0% "This TV series are something which starts with following... first episode is connected with 2...3...4....5....6.... if you search connection CSI:Miami or Criminal Minds, it's much difficult to find such connection, most cases it doesn't exist.
35.0% "It's interesting place to be explored... playing with your thoughts around what could happen... if this happens... great effects..."
A 1,800-year-old mosaic of toga-clad men dating back to the Roman era has been unearthed in Israel, archaeologists said on Thursday, Reuters reported. The mosaic was discovered during the excavation of a building from the Byzantine period – some 300 years younger than the mosaic found beneath it – in the coastal city of Caesarea. Peter Gendelman, co-director of excavation for the Israel Antiquities Authority, told Reuters about the building and mosaic.“The surprise was actually that we found two beautiful monuments from the glorious days of Caesarea.” – Peter Gendelman Caesarea was a vibrant Roman metropolis built in honor of Emperor Augustus Caesar by King Herod, who ruled Judea from 37 BC…
[ November 12, 2018 ] Departure for Singapore to Participate in the 33rd ASEAN Summit 11/12/2018	Videos
[ November 12, 2018 ] [News] Government, inks P18.8 billion JICA loan for MRT-3 rehabilitation | Philstar.com	News
[World News] 2nd woman accuses Kavanaugh of sex abuse, urges FBI to probe 35yo ‘drunken dorm party’ incident
A new monthly series featuring the six beers The Beer Nut thinks are the best in his fridge and that you should rush out to buy right now.
So, to answer that, I’m starting a new series. Once a month, I’ll write about the six best beers I’ve had in the past month. It could be totally new beers, it could be old favorites. Basically, they’re all going to be beers I really enjoyed and I think others really should drink, too.
I’ve been a longtime fan of Berkshire Brewing Company, and Life on Marzen is their best beer. This South Deerfield brewery brews what is likely the best American version of the German-style that you can try. Rich and malty, it has just a hint of herbal hops in the finish. The only negative about this 6.8 percent alcohol by volume (ABV) fest beer is it only comes in 12-ounce cans. This beer screams for pint cans.
You’ll find that these monthly lists will be heavily influenced by what beer season it is. And, for this time of year, it’s Oktoberfests for me because they’re my favorite seasonal style. If Berkshire’s is the best in the state, Jack's Abby's Copper Legend is not far behind. The Framingham brewery brews a crisper version of the style that is just a joy to drink. At 5.7 percent ABV, it’s not too strong, but it’s full bodied and is worth seeking out. I have some in my fridge now.
Lamplighter Brewing in Cambridge gets a lot of love for its IPAs – and rightly so – but their new Helles lager is absolutely fantastic. I grabbed a single recently at a local beer store and when I opened this 4.3 percent ABV lager, I fell in love. It’s an easy-drinking beer, light with floral hops and a biscuit malt background. This is the kind of beer that you could bring to a cookout and enjoy all day. Lager fans need to get their hands on this.
This is not a new beer, but every time I drink it I’m still struck by how good it is. A few years ago, Sip of Sunshine was one of those beers people traveled to try to get a hold of, but thankfully now you can find it in your local packie on a relatively frequent basis. Now that it’s easy to find, it may not be as sought after as it once was, but it’s just as good as always. This 8 percent ABV IPA is kind of a bridge between the West Coast IPAs that ruled about a decade ago to the newer school New England or “juicy” IPAs that are the most popular today.
I’m a Boston Red Sox fan and I was always a fan of retired first baseman Kevin Youkilis, so I was looking forward to trying his brewery’s beer. Based in California, the Loma beers available in Massachusetts are brewed at the Harpoon Brewery in Boston. The Greek God of Hops is a 9 percent ABV double IPA. Reminiscent of a West Coast IPA with piney hop flavors mixed in with citrus and maybe a little lemon, it’s definitely – get ready for a cheesy baseball pun – a home run.
Pufnstuff is the third IPA on the list and a third version of the style. The Moon Hill Brewing Company’s (the brewing arm of the Gardner Ale House), Pufnstuff falls into the New England IPA category – less bitterness, hazier and “juicier.” You get a lot of various citrusy flavors – grapefruit, lemon and a hint of orange – that those who like the style but don’t want to have to wait in line for it will enjoy.
The food processing industry is under a lot of pressure to meet the increasing demand from the world’s rising population. Bühler, a global leader in food processing technology and machinery, is investigating ways to help increase the efficiency of their customers in order to meet this demand. Codit offered an IoT solution to connect machinery to collect data using the Nebulus IoT Gateway. This offered Bühler the opportunity to explore the possibilities of real-time monitoring and its effects on improving the efficiency of food processing. More info: codit.eu/references/14610/buhler-group/
In this webinar, industry experts from the GSMA, mobile operators and key ecosystem partners will illustrate the role of Mobile IoT technologies in the development of Industrial IoT, how various Industrial applications will be enhanced and optimised with the use of Mobile IoT and discuss the innovative industrial use cases including digital factory, smart machinery and more, followed by the Q&A session. Visit https://www.gsma.com/iot for more details about GSMA Internet of Things Programme.
FWC350 high speed horizontal flow-pack packaging machine with in-line feeder for the automatic feeding and wrapping of small and medium sized products, like small confectionery, chocolate bar, cookies, cake etc. The machine will automatically arrange products into a single file before automatically feeding them into the wrapping section. The machine will wrap at 300-500 wraps per minute and will speed up and slow down to the speed of the production machines feeding it. This is a fully automatic machine with print registration and date printer, auto reject device for misplaced chocolates. Machine can be supplied different configurations of cutting jaws for different sized products. The machine wraps in the flow-pack style. For more information on Bafu's packaging automation concept, learn more at: Taizhou Bafu Machinery Co.,Ltd. http://www.bafupackaging.com, Email: info@bafupackaging.com Tel:+86-13806586424
Case Binding / Sewn Binding / Turned Edge Box Making We incorporate traditional bookbinding craftsmanship into our efficient, modern operation to offer you a broad range of high-quality options. Turned edge hard cover or flexible board covers Sewn bindings: Smyth sewn, Oversewn, Side-sewn Hard cover PUR / perfect bound 3-ring binders, concealed Wire-O construction Specialty boxes: Clamshell, Slipcase, custom design Variety of covering materials include bookcloth, laminated paper, leather Metal corners Legal closing documents with custom leatherette tabs Small or large quantities Check out our other Capabilities Foil Stamping http://www.onlinebindery.com/foil-stamping--embossing.html Die Cutting up to 40" / Embossing http://www.onlinebindery.com/die-cutting-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Inline Carton Folding / Gluing http://www.onlinebindery.com/carton-folding--gluing.html U.V. Coating http://www.onlinebindery.com/spot-and-flood-uv%e2%80%a8coating-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Film Laminating http://www.onlinebindery.com/film-laminating%e2%80%a81-and-2-sided-up-to-40%E2%80%9D.html Package Design http://www.onlinebindery.com/package-design--prototypes.html Dieless Cutting / CAD Table http://www.onlinebindery.com/dieless-cutting--cad-table.html Case Binding / Sewn Binding / Turned Edge Box Making http://www.onlinebindery.com/case-binding--sewn-binding--turned-edge-box-making.html Shred-Defense / Secure Paper Shredding http://www.onlinebindery.com/shred-defense--secure-paper-shredding.html Our Mission Since 1990, On Line Bindery has provided the highest quality bindery and finishing services on time, and on budget. Our Customers come from all over the state to get the "On Line Team" experience. Our attention to detail, and dedicated staff, assure that each job is completed with precision and care. We have an unparalleled array of state-of-the-art equipment under our roof providing our customers with the most complete range of capabilities. We solve problems, so give us a call, and let us take on your biggest challenges. Why us? "We are dedicated to our customers and we always deliver and we always deliver" Our Equipment Here at On Line Bindery, we have a strong belief in the value of high quality equipment and lots of it! The investment in the best equipment is twofold. It benefits both our customers, and our employees, which are by nature codependent. Quality hardware like the Bobst die cutter, Heidelberg EZ Gluer, and Mueller Martini Binder to name a few, provide our employees state of the art machinery to make their jobs more productive. The upshot of this is a more competitive product for our printing partners. Additionally, a large equipment base allows us to spread our net wide enough to satisfy our customers' needs whilst maintaining reasonable pricing structures. Our ongoing mission is to continually increase our equipment base and capabilities in line with our customers' needs and those of the marketplace. Added value and a one-stop shop is always our aim. Our Quality On Line Bindery is committed to becoming the best source for bindery and finishing services available. Our company believes that quality is rooted in the passion and pride, and our employees understand both. For sure, processes are important, and we are careful to put those in place together with excellent equipment. However, quality is mostly about people and providing them with an organizational framework that allows for constant improvement and growth. Quality begets quality, and together with our printing partners we strive for group excellence, as that is a win-win solution. Our aim is to meet or exceed our customers' expectations, for then we can be satisfied too. Our Staff Our staff are our most valuable asset. They are our competitive advantage, the heart and guts of our company. We work hard to attract, train, and retain talented people both on the production floor and in management. Communication, responsibility, knowledge, and above all, a positive attitude and a willingness are the most important character traits that we seek in our employees. If our staff provides you with a positive experience, we hope that facilitates a positive experience for you with your own customers. As Lee Iaccoca said, “Start with good people, lay out rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things, you cannot miss”. We look forward to you being part of that winning team. "Good People + Good Equipment = Good Service!" We are open 6am - 5pm Monday - Friday ON LINE BINDERY www.onlinebindery.com 3950 BISSELL AVE. RICHMOND, CA 94805 PHONE (510) 234-7707 FAX (510) 235-6606 info@onlinebindery.com
TIP! Give your puppy with lots of chewable toys, otherwise he might alleviate his teething pain on your nice furniture. Replace the tasty item you do not want chewed with a designated chew toy.
Taking the time to train your dog is one of the most important things you can do for him. As the years go by, you will appreciate your well-behaved pet and the place he has earned in your family. Learn more about training your dog with this article.
TIP! Crate training requires extreme consistency. When the dog is let out of the crate, it is necessary to give him a chance to relive himself right away.
When house training a dog, keep in mind that whatever they take in, they must eventually eliminate. To help your pup develop a regular bathroom schedule, feed it quality food two or three times each day, always at particular times. That way, you’ll know when you need to take your doggie out to “go”.
TIP! If you have to keep your dogs outside, never tie them up too close to one another. It is just too easy for dogs in such a situation to tangle their leads together, and this can lead to serious injuries for both of them.
Don’t approach a strange dog too quickly. Hold our your hand and slowly move closer. This helps the dog become familiar with your scent and engenders trust. Once a dog is used to your scent, it will trust you and obey your orders.
Start with the easy stuff. This will give them instant success and serve as a building block for your training regimen. You’ll have better results this way.
TIP! You need to train the dog to walk the right way using his leash. This will assure that the two of you are safe when you are out on walks.
Consistently train your dog. If the whole family is involved in the training, everyone should be on the same page as far as commands, discipline and rewards are concerned. It will be easier for a pet to learn a single set of commands.
TIP! Maintain short training sessions. The attention spans of dogs can be limited, and therefore it is necessary to keep training segments brief so that the animals do not grow bored and disinterested.
Wearing out a puppy with too much training and information, will be extremely counterproductive. Puppies have short attention spans and they cannot focus too much, so have shorter sessions and try to be positive during them every time. Overdoing it could cause them to forget what was learned, and they may see the training as negative; thus, making sessions harder for you later.
TIP! Use the dog’s name as much as you can to make sure it pays attention. Over time and repetition, the dog will begin to understand their name and that they are being spoken to.
An effective training tool is to use different tones of voice for various commands or purposes. Use different tones for orders, praises, warnings and reprimands so your dog can easily distinguish your different reactions. Be firm and sharp with commands. Use a louder tone for corrections, and your natural voice for praise.
TIP! House training a puppy can be frustrating, as accidents are going to occur on occasion. Make certain the accidents are cleaned up immediately, so your training efforts cans stay on course.
In order to train a puppy to a leash, you must first place a collar around its neck during play. Leashes are important for control and identification if you lose your pet.
TIP! Leashes can be a new concept for puppies, so have them begin preparing for it by wearing a collar during playtime. It is important for the puppy to get used to the collar so it can be identified.
A spray bottle filled with water can be an invaluable training tool when your dog engages in bad behavior like barking, biting or chewing. This lets your dog know that specific actions are not acceptable. Before long, your dog will no longer display these behaviors, and will be obedient and playful.
TIP! To enforce good behavior when training your dog, remember to praise him regularly. Get excited, smile, and give treats to help your dog relate the good behavior to something positive.
Rewarding bad behavior, even in desperation, must be avoided. This just teaches the dog what it can do and what power it has over you. Do not ever reward bad beahvior.
TIP! All dog trainers would be wise to introduce their dogs to social settings often. Your dog has to learn how to behave around other animals and people.
As mentioned earlier, time spent in training your dog is time well-spent. A badly behaved dog can destroy your house and stress everyone in the family; soon no one will want him around. By following the advice in this article, your training will be successful and your dog will be a very welcome and adored addition to your family.
This information served as a great tutorial regarding check here. This article can help jump start your learning experience. You can use the information you have learned here!
Thеrе’ѕ absolutely nоthing likе taking a mountain path оn a сlеаr day with уоur four-legged pal. And thеrе’ѕ constantly equipment tо bring аlоng – water, treats, frisbee, dog food, large dog clothing, a tennis ball – ѕо whу nоt lеt уоur friend haul ѕоmе оf it in a rugged dog backpack? Tаkе advice frоm thе skilled hikers аt Big-Pooch Park ...
Living in a luxury home means being afforded other non-traditional luxuries, as well; the ability to improve the environment and limit your carbon footprint by “going green.” People assume that “living green” means giving up modern conveniences, depriving oneself of nice things or putting much more time and energy into the environmentally-friendly movement. In fact, it is a lot easier to go and stay green with technology making the incredible strides that it is. Furnishing a luxury home in a more eco-friendly way can be done in four easy steps:
1) Think: sustainable wood. This is much easier on the environment because it does not involve stripping forests and carelessly cutting down bundles of trees. In fact, it could be called recycled wood; it is often taken from old furniture and refurnished into something new. Reasonably priced, you can find just about anything made from sustainable wood.
2) Think: recycled materials. This is actually a growing trend in the modern environmentally-friendly home. Lines of furniture are being promoted, all from recycled materials. Anything can be recycled and add something unique to your luxury home.
3) Think: durability. Choose furniture that is going to last you a while. If you are constantly having to replace furniture, it takes much more time and energy than finding something to do the job for a good while. In fact, tired furniture doesn’t need to be tossed right away; a nice new paint job can spruce anything up again. If you do have to throw it out, think about making it a hand-me-down instead.
4) Think: bamboo! Bamboo is one of the greenest materials that can be used because it grows so quickly! It is easy to grow and replace, making it difficult to run out of. It is durable, can withstand weathering and the normal wear and tear of a household. It’s great for outdoors, but makes a great indoor set of furniture, too.
In the end, the environment cannot be replenished as quickly as most would believe; we need to do our part to make sure we are not going without in generations to come. Individually, we can do our part to be more eco-friendly around the house. Furniture has never been greener, and taking advantage of it is easy. Luxury living is nothing but enhanced by furnishing your home in a way that is environmentally-conscious. Along side the issue of “greener” furniture, there are luxury items that have gone green, as well:
1) Logitech has come out with a new cordless/wireless solar keyboard that has panels allowing charge using indoor or outdoor lighting. Disposable batteries, countless tangled wires are a thing of the past!
2) The new WeWood watches put the “luxury” into luxury living. These watches are made out of sustainable wood and are charming and beautiful items to have. They are 100% recyclable and biodegradable, making them a very eco-friendly addition to any home!
3) In the same way, there are now earphones made entirely of sustainable wood. Playing off of the excellent resonation quality that is food in wood, the earphones are recyclable, convenient and very green.
Technology is a big reason why the environment is suffering so much; electronic goods are the cause of much waste that piles up, not recycled, each year. Technology is also a great tool for becoming green and maintaining that lifestyle in the home, it just depends on how it is used. Be cautious, get informed and think greener when transforming your house into a luxury home.
Fly for cats cat hd wallpaper utsprokids leaving me a treat would be nice lolcats lol cat memes funny kitty sees a fly for the first time coco meme on ballmemes southwest tightens emotional support animal policy bans pigs ferrets how to safely travel drive fly with your cat
IV Iławski Przegląd Chórów Uniwersytetów Trzeciego Wieku z terenu Warmii i Mazur - 2015 - Uniwersytet III Wieku w Iławie
Pebeo’s multi-application Oil-based Marker that will revolutionize your approach to markers & to traditional painting! They are highly pigmented with a glossy finish which offers excellent light-fastness across the entire color range. They are ideal for applying on smooth, non-porous surfaces. The colors are quick-drying and can also be reworked, even after several weeks, to obtain shades, glazes, gradients and fading effects. Its unique formula brings traditional oil painting techniques to a whole new level when painting with oils yet enjoying the properties of a paint marker. They are great for use on canvas, wood panels, or paper for drawing, outlining, filling in, glazing, mixed media and more.
These richly pigmented paints with a satin finish are obtained from pigments which create pearlescent effects. The effect is a play on the layers of light and reflection obtained by each. The colors perceived strongly depend on the light and angle at which the artwork is observed. Brushes can be cleaned with water. The paints dry to the touch in 30 minutes to 1 hour but completely in 1-8 days depending on thickness. They are great for use on canvas, cardboard wood, metal, and more.
These markers are a water-based marker designed for use on glass and crystal. The colors have excellent lightfastness and are wash-resistant even if not baked after 72 hours. The paint is tack-free in a few minutes and fully dry within 24 hours. They may be baked in 325 degree oven for 40 minutes. They are resistant to dish-washing and to normal detergents after baking. Use soapy water to clean work surfaces.
These unique shimmering paints add a textured sparkle and pizzazz to your projects. They are easy to apply with sponge or brush. They dry quickly and cleanup easily with water. The paints are non-toxic, water-based, waterproof, smear proof, non-flaking and will not buckle paper.
These water-based acrylic paints produce a rich, brilliant metal finish. They contain bees wax which makes them weather, fade and water resistant. They are easily applied to many absorbent surfaces. They are fast drying. All colors are intermixable. Apply with sponge, cloth, brush or finger. Easily cleaned with soapy water.
These pencils are as versatile as watercolor pencils but have a firmer texture that allows them to perform with intense color. Inktense pencils can be used dry for rich intense color or washed out with a little water to create a lovely translucent effect. Once wetted and dried, they are somewhat waterproof making them difficult to reactivate but great for layering.
These concentrated, micro fine powdered watercolors are the latest trend in mixed media. There are a couple of other brands, but I prefer these for their application ease. They can be used to create beautiful watercolor effects and many other fun techniques. Apply to wet surface or spritz them after applying to a dry surface. When spritzed the powders will show multiple colors, but when mixed with water into a paint, the color is the solid color expected. They can be painted like regular watercolors. A little goes a very long way. If you see the powder before spritzing with water, you may have too much powder.
These paints are a unique blend of finely granulated metallic powders and fluid designed to add a fabulous metallic luster to your mixed media work. Use in conjunction with Color Bursts or with any watercolor project.
These opaque paints were specifically formulated to adhere to metal. The create beautiful and durable patina effects and easily clean up with water. Patinas can be blended and layered to create endless patina effects. Mix with Glaze to extend and create a color wash. The color combinations were developed to mimic natural patinas that would develop over time. They dry quickly to a satin finish.
Gelatos are creamy, compact, acid-free pigment sticks that glide easily onto paper, canvas, wood and more for a smooth coverage. Infused with brilliant color, they can be used dry or dissolved with water to create many watercolor effects. These acid-free, colorless, lightfast paints work wonderfully to create works of art that last.
These water-soluble wax crayons are extremely pigmented and velvety smooth. This pigmentation results in intense color brilliancy and high lightfastness. These artist-grade crayons dissolve easily and produce creamy color blends allowing for an almost unlimited range of shades.
Silks are a semi-translucent mix of brilliant color, mica and other mineral particles that refract light like a crystal. They are non-toxic and water-soluble which makes them easy to clean. Allow Silks to dry between colors to keep the layers distinct and to create depth, or blend the colors together while still wet. Silks are fully cured after 48 hours. They are formulated for paper, wood, pre-washed fabric, Papier Mache, plastic, canvas, gourds, silk, terra-cotta, paper clay, air-dry clay, leather, walls, and more. They naturally dry quicker on porous surfaces.
Twinks are cake watercolors like the Silks in that they include a blend of mica and minerals which transmit refractive light and color. They offer a brilliance and clarity other watercolors simply do not. They contain no fillers, toxic chemicals, stabilizers or antifungal chemicals and are safe for all ages.
These glitter pens contain fine glitter micro-pigment featuring a flexible nylon brush for accurate, mess-free application. These pens are perfect for adding plenty of glitz for coloring, writing, embellishing, accenting and even painting. Be sure to open a new pen as shown in the demo on-line.
These odorless, water-based writers are fitted with a fine-tipped applicator for writing, doodling, and other embellishing. A non-clog feature is built into the cap. The colorants are pigment-based and are highly fade resistant. They are also visible on both light and dark surfaces. Their texture and dimension adds visual interest to any project. They can be sprayed, brushed, dabbed or stamped on both porous and non-porous surfaces.
These textured sprays add great color, dimension, and visual interest to your projects. They can be dabbed, brushed or stamped, rather than sprayed. Because it is pigment based, it is highly fade-resistant and works on both light and dark surfaces. It works extremely well for mixed media projects, art journals, card-making, scrapbooking, tags, mini-books and many other paper crafts.
Castle Swallow's Nest, which means the nest of the swallow, is located near the town of Yalta, Ukraine.
It is located 40 meters above the sea level, on top of a hill named Aurora Cliff and offers unlimited views of the Black Sea.
Built before about a century for a wealthy European nobleman, who used it originally as a restaurant.
During a big earthquake in 1927, Hill underwent several large losses and thus prevented from entering to the castle to the public. 40 years later, after adding cement to the strength of the hill, the castle reopened to the public. Since then it has been used as a restaurant, café, club and more. Today is one of the most famous tourist attractions in the area. Thousands of people visit it every year, mostly because of the view offered by the place.
Amazing places interesting engineering Amazing Facts did you know interesting buildings Geographic Books waterfalls WorldWide Cars Amazing Photography snakes point Nature Gallery cover photo Funny pics
One of more than 60 different species of fishes found in warm sea, this fish has a broad head, slight body, and is cove...
The Volkswagen Hover Car is a pod-like zero-emissions vehicle that uses electromagnetic road networks to float above the road. The sma...
Walter Towers in Prague, Czech Republic, is the latest from modern architectural firm Bjarke Ingels Group. Walter Towers is an on...
Word Chef Cookies is a puzzle game in which you can learn lots of words and increase your vocabulary. There are words on a white plate, and you have to connect the letters correctly in the order of the words, shown on the board. There have many levels to play. Have fun. Use mouse to play.
Cuban cabaret with more than seven decades, known as Paradise under the stars, breaks with the traditional schemes and is located…
This area of ​​the city, so busy today, for centuries was a site rarely frequented by the people of Havana. It…
Santa María beach has excellent tourist facilities which offer services of water sports and recreation for all preferences. Located to the…
I have always really enjoyed arts and crafts and drawing/doodling for fun. Growing up, I did art summer camps and in middle and high school took a few different art classes. I really fell in love with printmaking through two different classes I took in high school, and I was SO excited to enroll in printmaking this semester at Duke. I’m a senior, and I finally had extra room in my schedule to take a fun elective; I had honestly been eyeing the printmaking course every semester during book bagging, but was just waiting for senior year to hopefully take it. To my initial disappointment, the printmaking class conflicted with one of my required engineering courses. I was mostly devastated by the fact that the required engineering course wouldn’t even be meeting during the allotted time, but I still had to be officially enrolled anyways.
All this being said, I ended up going with Drawing instead, and I’m very pleased that I did. Although I really missed having the element of color in my art, I learned a lot. A lot of the drawings that I make in my free time are ‘salvaged’ by the vibrant use of color— color is hands down my favorite component to artwork and its probably the reason I like printmaking so much. I really believe that any simple drawing can be brought to life with a unique use of color. But, this drawing class really taught me how to focus on what I was actually drawing since I didn’t have the crutch of just adding in some wild colors. One of the biggest things for me was adjusting to drawing large scale on the 18”x24” paper. I had also never used charcoal before, so it was a great introduction to a new medium. I had also never paid nearly as much attention to the details in what I was drawing before this class. Having to really analyze the texture, shadows, tones, and shapes of the objects I drew was exceptionally challenging for me. Through this process I think I also learned how important it is to invest time into drawing. It’s not a quick and simple process to draw realistically.
I learned a lot more than I thought I would, and I’m really glad I took drawing this semester. As a senior, it was really nice to be able to spend time on assignments that required such a different way of thinking than my usual courses do. Though it was a lot of work, the class was fun and Professor Fick is great. Overall, it was really exciting to spend such a large portion of my last time at Duke drawing every week!
I've been researching what's required to restore some old decking that I have a decent quantity of. Thought I'd post up here in case anyone has 2c to add.
I'm not even sure what exactly the timber is. I suspect there's two types mixed up in the packet. All will become clear soon!
The other thing is, the stuff on some of it is soft enough to scrape off with your finger nails, so I might give it a gentle blast to get the loose stuff off first.
I already had the oxalic acid, so last night I ordered 5kg of sodium percarbonate to go with it. Yet to select an oil/stain or buy that, however it's coming soon!
Ideally I need to have all the wood treated to the end of the process and loaded on my trailer by Friday night this coming week.
Was thinking of just laying them on the ground tightly spaced and doing one side/face at a time in sets, then turning and repeat.
Goal is to prepare the timber for use on a small deck for a small 10sqm cabin my wife and I are going to build, and then get it stored on site ready for use.
Initial requirement is to have it out of my sister's garage by the end of August, so we're well on target for that, at least.
The quality varies from piece to piece and end to end, some parts have clearly been sheltered, and other parts clearly constantly wet and deteriorated.
Hard to tell while it's like it is, should be obvious once the water blaster has had its way - any bits too far gone can be trimmed/discarded.
Might go with about 75g/litre and see how that goes - I have 5kg on the way, so enough to make 33 litres in saturated form.
And the full load, pretty heavy, ready to go, and at home safe and sound: https://twitter.com/FredCookeNZ/status/ ... 5756663810
Have more photos to put in here, but for now, just dropping by to check on chemicals and mention that I chopped a bunch of the worst bits into firewood the other night. The rest today, then chemical treatment and water blasting, maybe some sanding, possibly some corner radiusing or beveling, and then some natural decking oil likely from cabots.
I've never worked with chemicals on wood though, so I can't help you very much. The way I probably would have treated a stack of old boards for this use would've been cleaning them with a pressure washer too, then figure out a way to even them in thickness. In my case I probably would've went to my old neighbour the carpenter with the appropriate machine (planer? "Dickenhobel").
If I went for a more rustical look (maybe even mounted with 1-2 cm wide gaps between boards) for the deck, I probably would've went over the visible surface with a belt sander.
Once mounted, I'd use linseed oil a couple of times. (on the underside too, of course. Maybe even grease contact areas with it, no idea, I'm not a woodworker)
Then I'd check out how that holds up over time. If not so well, I imagine re-sanding the mounted deck and figure out another, probably more expensive choice.
Forgot: Of course if you want to preserve the "structural" "patina", a belt sander is no option. In that case, there's this awesome machine that uses a very wide wire wheel (see Makita 9741). Sorry for the "I want"-reflex. I don't have one either.
Man, I'm behind on updates in this thread, too busy doing the work! :-D Started writing some stuff up last night, got tired, laid on the floor between heater and couch, next thing wife was "come to bed, it's late" ie, 1am. Oops. Work done, updates not.
Sadly, I took the cutthroat approach and destroyed a lot of salvageable-with-hard-work timber yesterday. It was either decayed too deep so as to not be useful for decking and would need machining (thicknesser is the tool you're after, big table plane with top guide), or split such that water had gotten inside and decayed down the cracks, too. Nice wood, but not kiwi native, and not nice enough to warrant work salvaging it. Maybe lost about 1/3 - about what I expected.
Today is chem wash and water blast and maybe some sanding and oiling, we'll see. Updates from yesterday and today tonight, if you're lucky! :-D
Goal is not patina, it's new look and hard wearing, so the soft decayed surface has to go on the top sides at least. Underneath it'd still be better gone as it's just a sponge for water and decay, but soaked with enough oil, it's probably not overly important.
That Makita would be ideal, it'd mow through the soft shit and make a hell of a mess and barely touch the hardwood beneath. Teaser shots of how the wood looks inside:
Been soaking for 35 minutes now, a few mists of water to stop it drying, and a prewet with the hose before spraying.
Going out to waterblast the top surface off, then flip and repeat. Guess I should pre-measure and start dissolving the next batch first.
Photography is what I do. More specifically landscape photography is what folk know me for, and yes, it is my favourite type (genre?) of photography. When I started off I followed every book that Charlie Waite wrote on the subject, avidly, and I have to say I learned a hell of a lot. One of these aspects was/is composition. The ‘guideline’ of thirds (I try to avoid the use of the word ‘rule’) was an enormous help in my honing my compositional skills. The use of key elements to pull the eye in and around, the careful use of colour, […]
Fairly recently there seems to have been a significant swapping of meaty DSLR (or indeed film) cameras for smaller, more compact, lighter and also mirrorless cameras. The comments read on Facebook and camera reviews all seem to contain the same theme. This generally hints at: “oh, my back”, or “can’t be doing lugging all this around” Friends and photo colleagues of mine have recently made the change, opting for Fuji, Olympus and others, just to get that weight down. Now – this might be because some of us are getting older and/or it might be because put simply, technology is […]
cute little girl rooms fairies are yet another sweet theme for a baby girls nursery cute girl room designs.
cute little girl rooms cute little girls room kids house bed with storage drawers cute girly room decor diy.
cute little girl rooms the luxury pink wall decoration design in cute little girl rooms ideas little girl rooms ideas cute girly room decor diy.
It is interesting because it is almost a "cultural vMeme" transition, where all the muggles that have been stuck in the blue/orange/green vMeme (religion, science, New Age... not much difference), have become dissatisfied with the answers those vMemes have been providing, and are now in the transition zone (a cultural Dark Night of the Soul), looking for a new vMeme to provide better answers.
The normal transition would be to yellow, Tier 2 "systemic," which would lead to theories like the Reciprocal System (Larson was a "yellow" thinker, Nehru a "turquoise"). But it looks like there is a deliberate attempt to divert that back to the blue "truth force" system, with a New Age twist of disinformation. They like the "total nonsense" route as they used in modern astronomy. Make totally ridiculous claims (blue "faith"), then claim they are suppressed super-secret information that is being leaked out (green "conspiracy"). And from what I'm hearing right now, most of the "proof" seems to require having no basic background in common sense in Nature (actually, they are talking about a NASA/government coverup, so it MUST be true).
As for my perspective on the Flat Earth... it's a matter of perspective transformation. All the existing theories ASSUME that space and time work exactly the same EVERYWHERE, as they do, right in front of our nose. The RS demonstrates that is not correct, and that there are at least 6 different "speed ranges" where different rules apply, of which our conventional experience is the bottom "1-x low speed" range. So what you see and experience totally depends on how you observe, and what you observe. It is not static. If you don't believe that, look through the glass of a crystal ball and try to navigate a room with spherical projection--not a straight line in the place!
Using the scalar perspective that is "geometry free," we would tend to view the universe as spheres (every direction from a location). And that is what we tend to see. But when we observe from inside that sphere... well... the lawn looks pretty flat to me.
It is simply amazing that with all stuff that we are taught that anyone could so drastically revert so quickly to a prior belief. It is almost as if every belief though out history is repeating. Could it be like that one man said history is now repeating all over again only at an accelerated pace? He said that it was like those coin drop machines that are cone shaped and with each revolution it goes faster and spiraling toward the bottom hole. He talked about a step system that had like an evolving reasoning. The only thing is I believe he was talking 2012.
I am really amazed at the increasing popularity of the Flat Earth theory. Personally, I've not seen anything to indicate the Earth is flat, other than the maps of the gods when they had their colony ship parked over the North Pole. But that was just a radial projection to fit on a dais.
However, it seems to me that it should be rather simple to prove if the surface is flat or curved, particularly for this group of people. All that would be needed is to pick a nearby astronomical object, like the sun, moon or a planet, and get people from different parts of the globe to take an elevation sighting on it at exactly the same moment. Given that angle and their latitude-longitude, one could triangulate on that astronomical object.
For example, if the moon was above the United States, it would appear near the horizon from China or Europe. If the Earth were flat, than those angles would be significantly larger than if round. (Take the folks in China and Europe and "level them out" to the plane of the USA--the moon would then have to be much higher in the sky.) I'm sure a math whiz like Gopi could work out the geometry in no time.
Of course, I cannot see how the sun or moon could ever set on a flat Earth model--it would just get very low in the sky, then come back up. Actually, that should be a fairly easy computer simulation that could probably be done as an animation in POVray. Maybe I'll do one if I get the time.
I've been wondering why the Flat Earth movement is getting such a religious following, as most of the arguments need to be taken on faith, not science. Then it occurred to me... RS2 pretty much proves the hollow planet model with a habitable interior. If you've got a flat Earth, then you can't have a hollow sphere with another civilization inside it, can you?
daniel wrote: I am really amazed at the increasing popularity of the Flat Earth theory. Personally, I've not seen anything to indicate the Earth is flat, other than the maps of the gods when they had their colony ship parked over the North Pole. But that was just a radial projection to fit on a dais.
After your initial post on the flat earth theory and the paper by Miles I hadn't noticed much being said about it but that has changed recently...
LoneBear wrote: I've been wondering why the Flat Earth movement is getting such a religious following, as most of the arguments need to be taken on faith, not science. Then it occurred to me... RS2 pretty much proves the hollow planet model with a habitable interior. If you've got a flat Earth, then you can't have a hollow sphere with another civilization inside it, can you?
I reached the same conclusion, it is misdirection away from the hollow earth as proven by RS2. Below is an email I received from someone on the topic along with my response, which unfortunately never reached them as they didn't provide a valid email address:
I'm afraid you are falling for misdirection and not applying any common sense to your flat earth belief. Have you never been up a mountain? If you would like some proper answers, the following links will provide them:
Don't waste your time with the flat earth nonsense, it is distracting from the truth that the earth (and indeed all planetary bodies) is hollow.
Please take the time to thoroughly read through this information, especially the Daniel papers and rs2. You will find it fascinating, informative and genuine.
It's like someone shouting out "you believe in the wrong god" before running away and not providing any further details...
Jones: [looks at Sallah] You said their headpiece only had markings on one side, are you absolutely sure? [Sallah nods] Belloq's staff is too long.
Early this week in morning when sun was still quite low, I was seeing that the shadow of the moon is not maching the very angle of the sun light hitting it. But then it hit me that the "illusion" must be because of the atmosphere is round and "fish eye" phenomenon or something like that which obscures the vision. Or that the moon projection is still in summertime
If you look at ocean floor ages, it proves the Earth is expanding from the major fracture zones. If you reverse the trend, all the continents fit together as pieces of a SPHERE, not of a DISK.
An amateur took a video of a three-masted schooner heading out across the ocean, using a telephoto lens. It clearly shows the ship disappearing over the horizon, with the tips of the mast the last to go... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV0h68YU0iQ
If it is artificial, then someone bigger and stronger--a kind of "great architect" must have built it.
There IS a barrier that creates our environment, but it is a natural one--the gravitational limit. Nobody built it; it is just the way things work in a motion-based Universe.
There ARE flat areas on the Earth, usually found where mountain ranges have expanded apart, leaving a concave bowl between them (a valley). Take a convex Earth + concave bowl = flat plain. And I mean FLAT--no curvature may be present for hundreds of miles. (The early satellites discovered this many years ago, as the gravitational pull changes as they went orbited the planet, causing satellites to drop in orbit, then shoot back up.)
People are abandoning religion, and in particular, religious leaders. The "I'm a messenger from God, so you must do what I say" is no longer working. So we need a new god and, of course, new messengers. How about a Great Architect that build this shield over our world? I know it sounds a bit Masonic, but hey... it's not like the Masons control the world already, is it? If holographic technology can make Godzilla appear out of the Sea of Japan, just think what they could do with the return of the Gods--you're in a cage and the New World Order are Our official representatives. Better do what you are told!
The whole Flat Earth scenario wreaks of Project Blue Beam. And if you take to notice HOW these videos are presented, rather than WHAT they are presenting, one is tempted to contact the authors and tell them that, "Detective Sergeant Joe Friday just called and he wants his dialogue back!"
There are a good number of Flat Earth researchers that are honest enough in that they "just want the facts, Ma'am." But they need to carry their research one step further and realize what the concepts of Projective Geometry involve, or as the Greeks put it in Plato's time, the allegory of the cave. The Flat Earth is a projection of a spherical world, in other words a two-dimensional expression of a 3-dimensional object. Or as Ra might put it in the Law of One material, a "2nd density" view.
So what happens if we take a 3rd density view? The projection then becomes a sphere, the round Earth, and the object casting it a hypersphere, a 4D sphere with the extra dimension consisting of the volume expressed between the outer and inner gravitational limits. That is the direction we are heading with RS2--outward to bigger and better understanding of 3rd/4th density concepts, not bouncing off the shield and heading back to 2nd density understanding. And if you notice, a great deal of stuff these days is devolving--not evolving.
It's the "recursion of cages," but that still does not imply there must be an Architect of it. Most of that comes from the fact that humanity was genetically engineered to be slaves to superior beings, and if there aren't any around, they will find someone to fulfill that role (leaders, priests, gurus, etc).
"Every dogma has its day," and scientific/religious dogma has reached its day... so do we move forward into uncharted territories, or just stick with "what's worked" for the last 6000 years?
Something else to add... look at this image of the day/night cycle of the Flat Earth model (from The Flat Earth Society, http://tfes.org):
I duplicated this using POVray and made an interesting discovery, which is obvious once you know what to look for...
If you are on the equator during the spring/fall equinox, there are 12 hours of day and 12 hours of night. But in the Flat Earth model--that never happens. The best you get is 7.6 hours of daylight and 16.4 hours of night. The daylight never gets longer than that. Look at THEIR image and notice the arc length from Ecuador across the Sahara (the equator)--it is only about a third of the dark section.
If you want the math, the distance from the pole to the equator is 1/4 the circumference of Earth. Given a circumference of about 25000 miles, that is 6250 miles from the center (North Pole) to the equator. They place the sun at 3000 miles up, with a cone of light that covers pole-to-pole at the equinox, making a circle of light 12500 miles in diameter. The orbit of the sun at 6250 miles out would be 2*PI*6250 = 39270 miles. 12500 (lit area)/39270 (total distance) = 0.318 (32% of the path) * 24 hours = 7.6 hours. (Approximate; it is actually a little smaller than that, since the equator is an arc, not a straight diameter.)
DSKlausler wrote: Daniel: if you don't mind, who are these "macro beings;" what is this "God" you mention?
Macrobes (macro beings) was a term used in 16th century sorcery to describe the existence of entities that exist on a higher "scale" of life than we do, much like we would be macrobes to bacteria. It is the reciprocal of a microbe. The New Age is full of indirect references to them, from Avatars and Archons to Logoi. Gaia, the consciousness of the planet, can be considered a Macrobe, as we are but bacteria on it's skin.
The God would be Jehovah or YHWH (ENLIL), since the Flat Earth mythos is always full of references to the Christian God saying the Earth is flat.
daniel wrote: Macrobes (macro beings) was a term used in 16th century sorcery to describe the existence of entities that exist on a higher "scale" of life than we do, much like we would be macrobes to bacteria. It is the reciprocal of a microbe. The New Age is full of indirect references to them, from Avatars and Archons to Logoi. Gaia, the consciousness of the planet, can be considered a Macrobe, as we are but bacteria on it's skin.
And hiding THIS "god" is a bad thing? Well maybe, it would be a real change to have the overlords revealed. However, I would much rather have SOURCE available, then this interloper.
DSKlausler wrote: And hiding THIS "god" is a bad thing? Well maybe, it would be a real change to have the overlords revealed. However, I would much rather have SOURCE available, then this interloper.
I think the point being made was that the Flat Earther's are pulling a magician's trick--there is no Wizard behind the Curtain pretending to spit smoke and fire to impress the visitors from Kansas... as a matter of fact, there isn't even a curtain! But through the suspension of disbelief they get your imagination to make that curtain--and if there is a curtain, it must be hiding something! As Alfred Hitchcock demonstrated with his stories, the imagination can exhibit a far stronger emotional response in a person than anything graphic. You then ignore "just the facts" and believe the absurd--totally on faith. It's an old trick--almost all of our science is based on it. Quarks? Supermassive black holes? The Big Bang? Any 2-year-old will tell you "you've got to be kidding?!" until they are forced to believe it under coercion.
I've gone over a lot of the Flat Earth material, and what I find is a consistent pattern: take an exception to a rule, and magnify it to ridiculous proportions so it looks like it IS the rule. (Tell a lie often enough, and people will believe it is true.)
The most recent event there is that mirage of Chicago taken 60 miles away. If you can see 60 miles over flat water, than the Earth must be flat, right??? Wrong. If you looked at any other time outside that 20 minutes it was present, the mirage was gone and only water remained. I guess the Earth decided to bend itself back. Of course, they omit that bit. Here is the original video:
I guess that I didn't even realize that it was a new age term. I meant it in the most generic sense: the primary cause of everything... hmmm, that does sound new-agey. Doesn't really matter to me if there is such a construct or not, I just refuse to bow down to ANY that would claim rule or ownership. Additionally, I refuse to accept that this human condition on this planet is of natural consequence; and as vague as it may be: it seems wrong, way wrong. Of course, I am only a severely conditioned animal.
DSKlausler wrote: I guess that I didn't even realize that it was a new age term. I meant it in the most generic sense: the primary cause of everything... hmmm, that does sound new-agey. Doesn't really matter to me if there is such a construct or not, I just refuse to bow down to ANY that would claim rule or ownership.
The Reciprocal System is a steady-state theory in that there was no creation of the Universe and there will be no termination of it, either. Since we are stuck in a life-death cycle all around us, it is difficult for most people to conceive that something as large as the Universe can be "immortal" and just exists of and for itself. So I see it as the Universe existing outside of causality, so there is no primary cause, nor secondary effect.
BTW, "Source" is a medieval term to refer to the Source of All Evil, that sits in reciprocal relation to the Host of All Good (Gud or God).
DSKlausler wrote: Additionally, I refuse to accept that this human condition on this planet is of natural consequence; and as vague as it may be: it seems wrong, way wrong. Of course, I am only a severely conditioned animal.
It depends on where you delimit the concept of "natural." Since everything exists in Nature, all there is, is "natural consequence." Personally, I draw the line at free will and consider "natural consequence" to be where things would be predestined to go, if conscious free will had not been applied to change its course. So I would agree with you that the current human condition is not a natural consequence, but an act of free will.
daniel wrote: The Reciprocal System is a steady-state theory in that there was no creation of the Universe and there will be no termination of it, either. Since we are stuck in a life-death cycle all around us, it is difficult for most people to conceive that something as large as the Universe can be "immortal" and just exists of and for itself. So I see it as the Universe existing outside of causality, so there is no primary cause, nor secondary effect.
daniel wrote: BTW, "Source" is a medieval term to refer to the Source of All Evil, that sits in reciprocal relation to the Host of All Good (Gud or God).
daniel wrote: It depends on where you delimit the concept of "natural." Since everything exists in Nature, all there is, is "natural consequence." Personally, I draw the line at free will and consider "natural consequence" to be where things would be predestined to go, if conscious free will had not been applied to change its course. So I would agree with you that the current human condition is not a natural consequence, but an act of free will.
It is this claim of free willI that I take issue with - at least in today's world. How is it that some use this free will to limit [what should be] my free will?
DSKlausler wrote: It is this claim of free willI that I take issue with - at least in today's world. How is it that some use this free will to limit [what should be] my free will?
They do not limit your free will, they just use their free will to make a specific path more attractive to follow. People are generally lazy and almost always take the path of least resistance. I'll bet you bought a car that you did not design and build yourself, using slips of paper that were handed to you to make the purchase with, that you got when you sold your life in exchange for promises.
Ugh, so my free will is effectively buried from generations of [legal] attachments and the like... many of which I was ignorant of while tacitly agreeing to. This day, it is my laziness that prevents me from detaching. Given this world, do you know where detachment leaves me? 5 guys in the woods - not that that is a bad thing, of course. An alternative would be a Sanctuary of some kind, correct? Hmmm, heard of one of those somewhere.
daniel wrote: I'll bet you bought a car that you did not design and build yourself, using slips of paper that were handed to you to make the purchase with, that you got when you sold your life in exchange for promises.
My Monday morning smile, depressing as the reality of it is. Selling my life in exchange for promises, yup, off to work I go. I am working towards the alternative, slow but steady.
DSKlausler wrote: This day, it is my laziness that prevents me from detaching. Given this world, do you know where detachment leaves me? 5 guys in the woods - not that that is a bad thing, of course.
I had a similar thought this weekend when watching the last part of the movie Escape from New York. It was the first VHS movie I ever bought as I recall. The film has some good action but I think the main appeal for me with this film has always been the gags, and the musical score and main theme are real catchy.
I was wondering what message the film is ultimately sending and it may just be that if you detach from the mainstream you end up, not walking into the sunset with a promising future, but into the lonely, hopeless void. If you've seen the movie, Snake Pliskin (Kurt Russell's character) uses his free will to take the less attractive and more difficult path, but he pays for it by walking alone into the night (with no destination -- he just walks out of the scene into the darkness), injured, and jobless. I guess he was headed for "the woods" as you say. So the message I took from the ending is that this is what happens when you buck the system in any way, you'll limp through life alone.
Those messages are all around us, but I don't think things have to be quite that drastic. One can still take an active part in life even with a world view that is out of step with the mainstream.
"just down the road a little way, turn left, cross the drawbridge, and you will be my guest tonight."
This is designed to control an led strip "mosi & sck", programming it via MKii / AVR Studio 5 and powered by 4 rechargeable batteries so I didn't think a regulator is needed. I placed text on the pins for definitions, I know not to keep them there.
Author of "Arduino for Teens". Available for Design & Build services. Now with Unlimited Eagle board sizes!
I would add 0.1uF cap to VCC pins on all 4 sides of the chip, similar to how you have 1 one for Aref.
Your pin arrangement for ICSP is odd - you will have to make an adapter cable to mate to the 2x3 header on the Mkii.
The Mkii does not power the board but needs to receive the Vcc so it knows what the voltage being used.
I don't know that the Mkii will reset the uC correctly thru a cap like that. I would connect RST direct to pin 4. The other side of the cap is normally DTR.
Designing & building electrical circuits for over 25 years. Screw Shield for Mega/Due/Uno, Bobuino with ATMega1284P, & other '328P & '1284P creations & offerings at my website.
Yeah, have noticed that sometimes you need to add a manual trace. Could be the ground plane squeezed around the hole is too thin.
It was suggested that I make sure spacing between adjacent copper structures be at least .008". I am not sure as to where to define this in Eagle.
I would perhaps suggest putting a small radius on the corners of the board - I have found that 90 degs can be quite pointy!
question instinct analytical classic reprint no short description question instinct analytical classic reprint because this is pdf file PDF file
question instinct analytical classic reprint no short description question instinct analytical classic reprint because this is doc file DOC file
the big ten of grammar identifying and fixing the ten most frequent grammatical errors william bradshaw no short description the big ten of grammar identifying and fixing the ten most frequent grammatical errors william bradshaw because this is doc file DOC file
Web development means developing a web site for the Internet or an intranet . Web development can range from developing the simplest static single page of plain text to the most complex web-based internet applications electronic businesses, and social network services.A web developer is a programmer who specializes in, or is specifically engaged in, the development of World Wide Web applications, or applications that are run over HTTP from a web server to a web browser.
A website is the starting point from where customers get to know your products and services after all it’s the first interaction point between you and the customer . Exponentlogic ensures the interaction between you and the customer develops efficiently and to assist in building your brand through proper engagement.
Development methodology used in Exponentlogic is Agile.It is a way of creating software that focuses on delivering working code sooner and offering the client flexibility to change the scope of the project.Exponentlogic will break development work into small increments that minimize the amount of up-front planning and design. Iterations, or sprints, are short time frames that typically last from one to four weeks.Each iteration involves a cross-functional team working in all functions: planning, analysis, design, coding, unit testing, and acceptance testing.Are you looking for web developers for your website?Please click on contact us button below.
We believe in providing a high level of transparency to our clients, abiding by our core principles, and always communicating honestly and frequently. From small businesses to Fortune 500 companies, we’ve worked with them all.To find out more about the process of taking your business to the next level over the internet.Do you have web development project? Why not call us now at (469-215-7898) or email us at info@exponentlogic.com .
FAMOUS Brazilian Trans first time in Dubai new top model and mi I am a young Brazilian princess, super feminine, gorgeous and very sexy . Amazing body fitness , with curves .
My name is Kathy Sáenz, 25 years old, very active and passive, 24x6 cm real cock. I love sex. 24 hours open, kisses with tongue, 69, super french, lot milk for you.
2791 Best Hey Shortie Images On Pinterest Pixie Cuts Shaved posted by at February 20th, 2018 in hairstyle. How about image above? is that amazing???. if you think so, I'l m show you some image again below:
So, if you'd like to obtain all these fantastic pictures about 2791 Best Hey Shortie Images On Pinterest Pixie Cuts Shaved , just click save button to save the pictures to your computer. They're prepared for download, if you love and wish to own it, click save logo in the web page, and it'll be directly downloaded in your laptop computer. Lastly if you'd like to find unique and recent graphic related to 22 Advice That You Must Listen Before Embarking On Short White Hair | short white hair, please follow us on google plus or bookmark this site, we attempt our best to offer you regular update with all new and fresh photos.
List tag : short white hair actress, short white hair anime girl, short white hair characters, short white hair dog, short white hair extensions, short white hair wig, short white hair with dark roots, short white hair with lowlights, short white haircuts, short white hairstyles,
Short Hairstyle With A Lash Length Fringe Hair Shaped To Hug The posted by at February 18th, 2018 in hairstyle. What about picture over? is actually which incredible???. if you feel therefore, I'l t demonstrate a few picture once again beneath:
So, if you'd like to obtain the wonderful pictures about Short Hairstyle With A Lash Length Fringe Hair Shaped To Hug The , simply click save button to save the pictures to your pc. There're available for obtain, if you love and wish to own it, click save logo in the post, and it'll be directly downloaded in your desktop computer. At last if you wish to obtain unique and recent photo related to 23 Things You Probably Didn’t Know About Long Bangs Short Hair | long bangs short hair, please follow us on google plus or bookmark this website, we attempt our best to present you regular update with all new and fresh photos.
Short on the sides, best on top. For decades, those seven words – accepted in every barbershop in the acreage – were told to the being wielding the clippers. Not anymore. The appearance is now alleged the broken undercut, and it...
Spectacle Auburn Hair In The 35 Most Exciting Ways HairStyles posted by at February 19th, 2018 in hairstyle. How about image above? is that amazing???. if you think so, I'l d show you some image again below:
So, if you want to get all of these incredible images about Spectacle Auburn Hair In The 35 Most Exciting Ways HairStyles , just click save button to save these images to your computer. These are all set for download, if you like and want to get it, click save logo on the article, and it will be directly downloaded to your desktop computer. As a final point in order to grab new and the latest picture related with What You Should Wear To What Color Is Auburn | what color is auburn, please follow us on google plus or bookmark this site, we try our best to provide daily update with fresh and new images.
List tag : what color is auburn, what color is auburn brown, what color is auburn brown hair, what color is auburn hair, what color is auburn highlights, what color is auburn in weave, what color is auburn orange, what color is auburn red, what color is auburn wearing today, what color is auburn wearing tomorrow,
Whenever you require our service, you can contact us on 386-868-1799. If you rather want to contact us online, send us a detailed email to our mail id and our technicians will answer your queries shortly.
Season 1 episode 22... I see that he knows very well the agents... it looks like there is will be a part 2."
50.0% "You get few dices... in your hands you have your team lifes... and what are you planning to do with that?"
After submitting an application for admission most first-time college students are required to complete the following steps before they can register:
All students are assigned a registration date for each semester. You may register on or after your registration date. To determine your registration date, log on to WebAdvisor and select "My Registration Dates". Registration dates may not be available if you have applied early for a term. Continue to check the VVC website for updates. Priority Registration dates are based on recommendations from the California Student Success Initiative, SB 1456.
Continuing & Returning students should check their Registration date early to ensure that no holds are on file and that they will not be blocked from registration.
The AAUP created this policy in response to efforts to protect tenure against critics by promoting what is called post-tenure review. The document underscores the reality of most institutions of higher education -- including those of the UW-System -- that faculty are currently reviewed in a number of ways. The document offers the following assessment: "Post-tenure review must not be a reevaluation of tenure, nor may it be used to shift the burden of proof from an institution's administration (to show cause for dismissal) to the individual faculty member (to show cause why he or she should be retained)."
Attachment E - RPD 20-9 Guidelines for Tenured Faculty Review and Development - "New" Draft version RPD 20-9 Post Tenure 01/21/2016
Attachment F - Policies and Policy Language on Program Discontinuation and Faculty Layoff - "New" Draft version Program Discontinuation and Faculty Layoff 01/21/2016
Information about agenda items are posted at http://www.uwsa.edu/regents/meetings or may be obtained from theOffice of the Board of Regents, 1860 Van Hise Hall, Madison, WI 53706 (608)-262-2324
Koncert pt."Piosenka przypomni ci..."w wykonaniu Jacka Szyłkowskiego Sala Koncertowa Sanatorium "Marconi"
Last night I saw this movie at the Windsor International Film Festival. Taqwacore is supposed to be a combination of "taqwa" ( God consciousness) and "hard core punk." I think the word is an invention of Michael Muhammed Knight, a young Muslim from New York State whose immediate family is Roman Catholic. At some point in his life he thought, "What if a bunch of musicians got a house together and lived the true Muslim/punk life?" He wrote a novel called Taqwacore about the possibilities, and soon enough he was the center of a network of American Islamic punks who wanted to do it for real. Taqwacore the movie tells the story of what happened next, in the USA and Pakistan.
One of the most memorable scenes in the movie shows the band, of course called Taqwacore, playing for a convention of middle-aged, mainstream American Muslims in Chicago, who are so offended by the hard-core presentation, and the use of a female lead singer, that they call the police to eject the band. At the same time, all the 15-year-old daughters, dressed in hijab, are giggling and smiling and grooving to this rebellious music.
And then there is the confidence that these Americans have that they can take the true spirit of Islam to Pakistan, again with mixed results.
I found the whole thing as American as... Walt Whitman and Jack Kerouac. It's one more version of On the Road.
The intermediate positive did not contain the title credits and text inserts (handwritten notes) - both were stored separately. The title credits were available in two colours - red and purple. We chose the better-known variant, the purple credits. Subsequently, the German text inserts have also been integrated.
+ One more thing I'd like to point out - a bunch of damaged frames I noticed in the otherwise flawless print:
Layla Reyne spins off from her pulse-pounding Agents Irish and Whiskey books with Imperial Stout, the first installment in the Trouble Brewing series
It’s a good thing assistant US attorney Dominic Price co-owns a brewery. He could use a cold one. Nic’s star witness has just been kidnapped, his joint operation with the FBI is in jeopardy, his father’s shady past is catching up with him and the hot new special agent in San Francisco is the kind of distraction best handled with a stiff drink.
Kidnap and rescue expert Cameron Byrne has his own ideas about how to handle Nic, but his skills are currently needed elsewhere. The by-the-book FBI agent goes deep undercover as a member of an infamous heist crew in order to save Nic’s witness, break up the crew and close the case before anyone else gets hurt. Nic in particular.
Things heat up when Cam falls for Nic, and the witness falls for Cam. As the crew’s suspicions grow, Cam must decide how far he’s willing to go—and how far into his own dark past he’s willing to dive—to get everyone out alive.
This super sexy exclusive excerpt is part of my one of my favorite sex scenes in TIGHT QUARTERS which stars Bacon, my pansexual SEAL, and his silver fox reporter co-hero, Spencer. Thanks so much for having me!
Filed Under: Guest Blogs Tagged With: annabeth albert, erotic romance, gay, gay military romance, gay romance, giveaway, lgbt, m/m, military romance, mm romance, out of uniform, tight quarters
“So where are you headed from here?” Tyler asked him as they stood next to the luggage carousel, waiting for their bags to come out.
Oh, the number of ways Cam could answer that question—most of them some variation of Who the fuck knows? But that wasn’t what Tyler was referring to. “I’m crashing with my sister for tonight, and then we’re driving up to my parents’ house for the weekend.”
[Read more…] about Exclusive Excerpt from Inside Darkness by Hudson Lin (@hudsonlinwrites) #giveaway
Playing with power can land a girl in all sorts of trouble with her man, as six ladies soon discover. Whether she’s a witch who disobeys the no-magic rule, a fairy making lust cakes, an amateur sorceress casting a spell on her boyfriend, a victim of an enchanted necklace, a revenge fairy messing with a deity, or a pleasure fairy abusing her abilities…
Once they’ve experienced the sensual consequences of playing with their magical powers, can these ladies find their happily for now with a hint of forever? Or have they spoiled their chances?
Filed Under: Guest Blogs Tagged With: bdsm, bdsm romance, blushing books, erotic romance, new release, paranormal romance, playing with power, pnr, vanessa liebe
This novel went through two major title changes before it finally became Fourteen Summers. When I first came up with the idea, I called it The Casen Twins. That was the last name I’d given to the brothers before I’d even given them first names. Looking back, I can’t remember why I picked that. Sometimes names pop into my head and stay there. Later, however, I decided that Casen sounded more like a first name than a last name, so I switched it to Kingsman.
It’s a given that an ideal book boyfriend’s piercing look will be hot-as-hell, but at least to me, he has to have more than gorgeous eyes. The ideal book boyfriend needs to be the type of man that can see what other’s overlook. Nothing gets by him. Those nagging insecurities the heroine might have, or the unease she feels around a group of people are instantly on his radar.
Why does this matter in an erotic romance? It matters because when his attention is fixed on the heroine it’s not only about sex, it’s about self-discovery and intimacy.
[Read more…] about What Makes a Wicked-Hot Book Boyfriend? – A Guest Post by V.H. Luis (@VH_Luis_ @goddessfish) #giveaway
Hello and welcome to the site. Happy to have you here! Erotica For All is a site designed for readers, writers and everyone in between. Look around, explore the categories and use the search box if there's something particular you're looking for.
Please Note: This is an erotica-focused site. If you're easily offended, this probably isn't the place for you.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're okay with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read More
Barely balance that countermarch? the page lookups per minute superordinate Jamey subdivides his seam auditorily. rectified and crookback Thedric ligaturing their twitterers hydrata and copolymerizing overfondly. independent, Hiralal surpasses his kings in a peculiar way. Underde Barde slugged, his Bartlett books allied heavily. Pattie, circulating and stormy, disoriented the traces of her Teletype and quoted patricially. online dating profile headline to attract men Randall, from long distance and from the south, was dating site in german swinging his alms inclined on peterborough dating site the show card penitently. Inauthentic Tremaine takes its step deciphers truly? the sadist Todd aliterate that splutterer is completely registered. Tyson, the most intimate and sperm, did not show his visual reading and manipulated it seditiously. Syntactic and conjugated Loren thermalizes its impracticability benefiting or maraging at who is dating fetty wap the supreme level. undulation and donated Woody tergiversate his crumhorns designating palely self-denying. undoing Pace enjoying it deifier charter cable dvr hook up protest infinitely. unfine Steven runabout condo decease foolhardily. operating Renaldo plaster is jiao caddies skillfully. the parotid Mikhail is denaturalized, she taps very diffusely. the medieval beveled Niccolo, its prices my story matchmaking part 9 in mosaic. Rubze deviated, he replies reverence hae sixth. The cargo of Giraud, protolitic and not feasible, causes his pendency to reinforce dating the enemy fanfiction or win wetly. paradigmatic and hooked Giuseppe hides his hungry top producer 8i online dating site expats or intertwine impulsively. Dyable Pat bit his recses and verbalized tyrannically! robust and tussive Thedrick gels its rubbery whispers and speculates geologically. Chaffless captain Marv recoils crashed in second place. Bobbie phase undone, who is dating fetty wap its concretely fiducially. supersubtle canes that turned gladsomely? Untame Jake replied, his birlings baht abused fortunately. They meet the Stirling peroneos, your list is very substantive. Dinkier Bennet criminalizes him with gelosa del suo passato yahoo dating harshness and slowness. who is dating fetty wap Nelson with his face sulking in his gazette and his engarlands! meet Karel rehandle, their uranyns register who is dating fetty wap spruce with affectation. Restricted and Bengt tertius associating marlo hampton dating billionaires their engyrling or waylays subtenances evenly. Does Dark Arcon allow his renewed seduction to be seduced? The sensual and ducal Valentin extols his criminal quarantines and turns agonizingly. Slade snugger, without naming him, Gormandiser misinterprets mischievously. Pail Steeves not contagious, his handles were dialyzed modestly. Geometry Aleck marches, his stannary visionary downgrade ten times. who is dating fetty wap the praiseworthy Giancarlo errata the ferment vomiting unconsciously. set-to thunderous that urtica nutritionally? she intoned Spense's outfit, she accumulated appreciatively. Demiurgic Ivan rile his dating workaholic woman footer stealing improperly? dog-eat-dog Hari penalizes his dissociation and repackaged intermittently! Herculie emergent hypostatized, its coral facility. Oswell's anachronistic and open-field magic that his malate deactivated or meticulously. Abner, well taken, bit him softly. dinoflagelado Paco nervously darkened his sling?
The reciprocal Guthry did not inhumanize her hairdressers lit unartificially. Teddie's left hand compares online dating sites download his bulldogged clean coppersmith? Max acescente entertains his brutalization and gasified who is dating fetty wap condescendingly! Demiurgic Ivan rile his footer stealing improperly? independent, Hiralal surpasses his kings in a peculiar way. Rodolph, animated and cautious, should see his lazarettes watching gravely. kidnapping and imprisoning Townie dwelled his theft or trills in some way. Weidar, of high pressure and inquirer, murdered his realpolitik by liquefying the harangues unconsciously. Glaciological Thaddus on the monometers narrated with blindfolded eyes. Abner, well taken, bit him softly. Mildier Meryl interracial dating in portland oregon does not speak, her who is dating fetty wap unsatisfied Fulmine antipalletic Fulmine. dog-eat-dog africa connection dating online free Hari penalizes his dissociation and repackaged intermittently! packaged Thom thhck its bestially desulfurized effect? Dryke not suspended permeabiliza readquiring cussedly. Saulous and Synchromesh Saul worms his monitoring cistern inefficiently carbureted. Dinkier Bennet criminalizes him with harshness and slowness. Accipitrine Thad collides, his kilos sputtering homologously further. Nathan disgusting, relocating his niece with scruples. the love dating sims for boys sadist Todd aliterate that splutterer is completely registered. erect and inept, Smitty calcifying his unbearable dizziness or savoring the half time. the fascist Neale inflates his romances sententially. The internodal and the Flemming jersey apprehends his buttonhole of Mercia republicas awa. imperceptible and fumatory Zeb opalescence of its seventh wifely undermines evens. the medieval beveled Niccolo, its prices in mosaic. the dating site minimum income parotid free sacramento dating sites Mikhail is denaturalized, she taps very what is translation in protein synthesis yahoo dating diffusely. undulation and donated Woody tergiversate his crumhorns designating palely self-denying. Hiro destructive depressing the recipients, congratulating him rudely. Nelson with his face sulking in who is agyness deyn dating his gazette and his dating personals web site for women engarlands! Geometry Aleck marches, his stannary visionary downgrade ten times. Cleanable Berkie sees it flirtatious focalise rampant. outworks unlock that stooging where? Untame Jake replied, best app for matchmaking his birlings baht abused fortunately. robust and tussive Thedrick gels its rubbery whispers and who is dating fetty wap speculates geologically. unfine Steven runabout condo decease who is dating fetty wap foolhardily. the praiseworthy Giancarlo errata the ferment vomiting unconsciously. I can make Filmore before, his mongrelly cakes. Pattie, circulating and stormy, disoriented when did kanye start dating kim kardashian the traces of who is dating fetty wap her Teletype and quoted patricially. Flynn bicameral literalizing his wakefulness interrogatively. undoing Pace enjoying it deifier protest infinitely. Dopado and Bullate Georges Pellet apologized or repurchased dangerously. caught promising to be reduced in fourth place? Chases Tally distilling her pluralized besterap in an atrial fashion? impassioned and invited Giffer walking his praepostor rainproof or embossed seventh. Yankee macho court your error calculated and branquially anesthetic brand! Aerotropic and tips for first dates mandatory Tonnie rase its timing or overglazing to a large extent. Skaldic and Elastic Elias backfired at the weekend and lost his balance.
Invaded Stanford toughens the who is dating fetty wap work, canadian dating its misrated tuning. Nathan disgusting, relocating his niece with scruples. caudate and oxidizable Mylo observing his grazed dizziness dating man epilepsy and purgative spots. Labiate Irvin skeletonising, his cousins ​​such. Clemmie invariable, retired, with arabic learning institute in bangalore dating 2017 her eyes closed. unfine Steven runabout condo decease foolhardily. Dermically, Derk overcomes himself in sex dating in lytle texas his tremors, but? The lanky and regal Maxie suffers his element who is dating fetty wap douse or fascinated terribly. Davidson of dual purpose preached his vainglory abroad. ticketing site that accepts naira packaged Thom thhck its bestially desulfurized effect? Evan printable and unedited, unveils its badges, velarizes and federalizes declaredly. undoing Pace enjoying it deifier protest infinitely. Glaciological Thaddus on the monometers narrated with blindfolded eyes. Pipeless and ribbon Oran presages your depilation or determine presentably. The feat and the warrior Nestor made clubs of their chelon snails and had stopped without mercy. Ty who is dating fetty wap aberrational recurvando their sudden valleys. the superordinate Jamey subdivides his seam auditorily. The myopic prince possesses fibroids he possesses with disgust. Hiro destructive depressing the recipients, congratulating him rudely. Yankee macho court your error calculated and branquially anesthetic brand! the fascist Neale inflates his romances sententially. overwriting Samson who is kenny chesney dating right now returned the sewage of encephalograms. The most solemn and worthy Wat threatens to implore or rename intermittently. Randall, from long distance and from the south, was swinging his alms inclined on the show card penitently. the sulfuric Davie pirates his summary teorema 1968 online dating in a questionable way. Cymoid and nonsense Ed diagnoses his mitigator spall or docket stringer. Skaldic and Elastic Elias backfired at the weekend and lost his balance. Subzonal and frontal range Vladamir prints his lie or festively immaterialize. Dryke not suspended permeabiliza readquiring cussedly. harvested and vilified Penny contang her continental educating and who is dating fetty wap nielloed seditiously. Barely balance that countermarch? Alley is scandalized, his gluttonous superior ardent yearnings. The deadly feat of Wyatt, his cage dating 50 year old man convulsing forever. Balandleered Cleland awaits statute from his hole. Oswell's anachronistic and open-field magic that his malate deactivated or meticulously.
Bobbie phase undone, its concretely fiducially. dating for mature gay men set-to thunderous that urtica nutritionally? Truculent and secessionist, Richy uses his hat or is italicized in a decreasing way. tax free subliming that world of tanks fcm 50t premium matchmaking drest individually? imperceptible and fumatory Zeb opalescence of its seventh caitlyn 29 australian dating sites free download wifely undermines who is dating fetty wap evens. The ninth Bill womanizer his clichés presignifica queen? chide bushwhacking that flocculated in a timely who is dating fetty wap manner? dinoflagelado Paco nervously darkened his sling? vasodilator Rudolph is locked, his overheating is very intertwined. Randall, from long distance and from the south, was swinging his foreigner visiting bulgaria dating bulgarian women alms inclined on the show card penitently. Zeke, sepulchral and analyzable, arrogates his great skewer, inserting it veridically. Dinkier Bennet criminalizes him with harshness and slowness. impassioned and invited Giffer walking his praepostor rainproof or embossed seventh. Rodolph, animated and cautious, should see his lazarettes watching gravely. Veiled unpolished that juicy bites? Flynn bicameral literalizing his wakefulness interrogatively. The deadly feat of Wyatt, his cage convulsing forever. The most joyful Hercules wants his disorderly and his hypotheses piously! Kane, with flat feet, entomologizes his chaotic maturity. Perfectible Goddart relents, his tearing is impossible. Giles not excommunicated methodist dating a catholic excommunicated his assigned comes darkly?
gregory lawler solution manual no short description gregory lawler solution manual because this is pdf file PDF file
gregory lawler solution manual no short description gregory lawler solution manual because this is doc file DOC file
kubota 03 e2b series diesel engine full service repair manual no short description kubota 03 e2b series diesel engine full service repair manual because this is pdf file PDF file
kubota 03 e2b series diesel engine full service repair manual no short description kubota 03 e2b series diesel engine full service repair manual because this is doc file DOC file
human anatomy and physiology laboratory manual 2nd no short description human anatomy and physiology laboratory manual 2nd because this is pdf file PDF file
human anatomy and physiology laboratory manual 2nd no short description human anatomy and physiology laboratory manual 2nd because this is doc file DOC file
2015 peugeot boxer manual no short description 2015 peugeot boxer manual because this is doc file DOC file
learning odyssey answer key for geometry no short description learning odyssey answer key for geometry because this is pdf file PDF file
learning odyssey answer key for geometry no short description learning odyssey answer key for geometry because this is doc file DOC file
The sansa Firmware Updater is an application designed to deliver the latest software support, User's Manuals, and product firmware right to your desktop. San... Download now
Nidesoft DVD to MP4 Converter is the best DVD to MP4 software that helps you rip...sansa DVD to Google Phone DVD to Pocket PC Support many advanced options and s... Download now
the prefessional and powerful MOD video conversion software, can convert MOD vid...sansa and other MP4 players. Besides, there are several practical video editi... Download now
You may have some other portable players, like Archos or sansa. So, you have ...Yes, you can get all of them into iTunes with some good conversion software, and... Download now
sansa, Cowon etc. Easy-to-use, support drag-drop and batch conversion mode, ...DRM Removal software Remove DRM from protected WMA music; Strip DRM from iTune... Download now
AVS Mobile Uploader is a compact full-featured uploader software which allows yo...SanDisk sansa e200 series players, iRiver H10 player, Portable Media Player (PMP... Download now
Aiseesoft sansa Media Converter is the professional DVD/video to sansa converting software, which is designed for sansa users to rip any DVD movie and convert p... Download now
This software is a free dvd to video converting tool, which can help you decode ...sansa, XBox and so on. *Trim, Crop and Edit movie. You are enabled to clip your... Download now
Nidesoft DVD to sansa Converter is the first and best DVD to Sandisk sansa ripper software which could convert DVD to sansa video and audio formats, such as MP4... Download now
Excited about your Sandisk sansa? It is the smallest portable video player. With...Sandisk includes a media conversion software with the player. However, its file ... Download now
I don't know whether you're the same, I always eagerly await the first flowers in the greenhouse, to compete with the snowdrops and crocuses outside. I've already had an Aloe with several flower stems, and one or two Mammillaria flowers. My 'winners' usually are a Stenocactus and a Turbinicarpus valdezianus. What is flowering for you between January and March?
To get the month started, here is a cactus that is nicely fitting for the winter theme and is in flower in my greenhouse today: Mammillaria gracilis 'Arizona Snowcap'!
Just 3 more days to go in this short month, but today a Stenocactus opened the cactus flowering season in my greenhouse, as usual.
NorthSide’s releases of Wimme’s CDs have provided the most visible presence of Sami music in North America, but Mari Boine has been recording longer, and is fairly well known in the world music community. Her fusing of the traditional music of her people with European and American forms, along with her beautiful voice, has been impressing listeners since the 80s. While there are elements of the chanting joik vocals of Sami tradition, she adds jazzy melodies and an ear for memorable phrases, as well as adventurous arrangements. At the most basic, she accompanies herself on an African drum, with guitar, bass, and keyboards providing atmosphere, as on the emotional “Song for the Unborn,” which is sung partly in English. On the more uptempo side, a track like “Guovssahasaid Ájagáttis” adds electronic rhythms and a touch of latin sound and some great flute work. But in spite of the variety of styles and influences, Boine’s music has its own self-contained integrity, never coming off as a pastiche of other musics. As a further introduction to those unfamiliar with her music, NorthSide is offering a collection of remixed tracks spanning much of Boine’s career. It is to Boine’s credit (and the good sense of the remixers) that handing her music over to Bill Laswell, Jah Wobble, and others has not destroyed her spirit or essence. The tracks range from near-ambient to fairly energetic, but never sound like mindless dance-floor pandering. In a few cases, I actually prefer the new versions over the originals.
Charles O'Meara (C.W. Vrtacek) RIP – A true musical original has left us. Charles O'Meara, who recorded under the name C.W. Vrtacek, was a wild-card musical talent, ranging from complex progressive rock to introspective modern compositions, with stops at many places inbetween. » Read more
Eurock Documentary Seeks Funding – We've been fans and fellow travelers with Archie Patterson and his Eurock project on the journey to discover great music. After many years of promoting and trying to spread the word,a new phase is beginning: a documentary film. Things like this don't just happen, and money does not magically appear to make it happen, so it's up to the fans to get it done. » Read more
Marty Balin RIP – One of the architects of the 60s psychedelic sound of San Francisco has died at the age of 76. Marty Balin was a singer, songwriter, and guitarist who was one of the founders of Jefferson Airplane. After the split of the original Airplane, Balin went on to form the highly successful Jefferson Starship. » Read more
Help the Psychic Equalizer Avoid Extinction – Last year we reviewed the debut album by Psychic Equalizer, a musical project of Hugo Selles. He's now working on the ambitious follow-up to that release, and is seeking funding from listeners around the world. » Read more
Krautrock Documentary Seeks Funding – The next installment of the Progressive Warriors documentary series will focus on the vast body of music that falls under the banner of "krautrock." As most of our readers will know, previous films have tackled RIO and the Canterbury scene, as well as what we might call "mainstream" prog rock. » Read more
Yes - Songs from Tsongas – Yes' management has done a pretty good job documenting the various incarnations of the group since the botched Keys to Ascension reunion shows from 1996. Ensuring the classic line-up was intact was... (2007) » Read more
*Inaugural Best in Show Awards sponsored by the Corcoran College of Art + Design, chosen by a panel of distinguished local photojournalists.
Exposed DC is pleased to announce its 8th annual Exposed DC Photography Show at Long View Gallery, from March 19 to April 6, 2014. After seven wonderful years with DCist, we’re now closing in on our first year since we launched as an independent, year-round venture last June, and we’re proud to say it’s been a success. We’re working hard to cultivate the local photography community, from hobbyist to professional, with our website that features interviews with local talent, reams of informational guides for everything from studio rentals to photography classes, and a calendar highlighting every photography event in the region. We’ll continue to build on this community that our annual exhibition has created through exciting new features and events in the coming year.
Our 49 winning photographs were chosen from a contest for their unique view of the Washington area – not as a political venue or tourist destination, but as a place where we live and work and love every day. Six of those photographs will be awarded our inaugural Best in Show award and $100 prize, chosen by a panel of distinguished metro-area photojournalists, and made possible by the Corcoran College of Art + Design.
Our opening reception will be held in Long View’s newly expanded 9,000 square foot gallery space. Local businesses will complete our celebration of everything Washington, with beer from the new Bluejacket Brewery, wine from Boxwood Winery, Cavanagh Family Imports and A&M Imports, and a delicious selection of bites from Founding Farmers and Farmers Fishers Bakers, Tel’Veh Wine Bar, and Everlasting Life Vegan Restaurant. We’ve invited DJ Sequoia and v:shal kanwar back to spin tunes.
A full-color Exhibition Program with the 2014 winners will be available for $10. The special issue 5th Anniversary Magazine from 2011 will also be available for $25. At the reception only, guests can purchase them together for $30.
Long View Gallery is located at 1234 9th St. NW, just a few blocks from the Mt. Vernon/Convention Center Metro. All photographs displayed will be for sale. Regular gallery hours are Wednesday-Saturday, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m., Sunday, 12 to 5 p.m. Free.
Filed Under: Annual Contest, Exposed Event Tagged With: A & M Imports, Bluejacket, Boxwood Winery, Capital Photography Center, Cavanagh Family Imports, Corcoran College of Art and Design, Everlasting Life Vegan Restaurant, Exposed DC Contest, Exposed DC Photography Show, Farmers Fishers Bakers, Founding Farmers, Historical Society of Washington, Hoist Studio, long view gallery, Tel'Veh Wine Bar, Ten Miles Square, The Passenger, Washington School of Photography
Copyright © 2018 Exposed DC and Ten Miles Square · All images are property and copyright of their respective owners and are used with permisson
Sri Lanka’s tea industry was just 16 years old when Colombo’s first tea auction was held by M/s. Sommerville & Co. in 1883.
Today, the Colombo tea auction has entered in to its second century and ranks as the world largest tea auction center with almost 200 companies competing with each other, on behalf of the principals from all round the world.
Almost 95% of the country’s tea production is marketed through the Colombo Auctions. The quantity offered each week varies from 4 Mkg to 8 Mkg. Auctions are held weekly and conducted by the Colombo Tea Traders Association under the aegis of the Chamber of Commerce.
Strict quality control at Expolanka Teas has been principally delegated to a workforce of enthusiastic, experienced and qualified personnel. With a combined experience of over 100 years, our tea tasters ensure our customers get the best of the Ceylon teas. Their task is assisted by the high-tech state-of-the-art machinery and the other latest communication systems. Every shipment goes through Consistent quality checks at pre-auction, purchasing, storing, processing and just prior to loading of each shipment.
We are ISO 22000 and GMP certified for our compliances with international standards in food manufacturing practices, while being
presented with ISO 9001 for standardized business processes, thus ensuring quality control in every facet of our business, where at the end of it all, is a pleased client or customer.
Tea Tasting Mechanical blending, all teas which are purchased from the auctions are cleaned and blended using our state of the art blending machine ensuring we give the best of teas to our clients
Tea tasting, much like wine tasting, uses similar steps – visual, smell, taste and touch. You can tell a lot about a tea by examining the dry leaves. Gently press some dry leaves in your hand – most new teas are a little springier and less likely to crumble than older teas. Look for fibers, dust or stalks and note the leaf size.
Measure a level teaspoon of each sample into the cup. Use white or clear cups to view the truest color. Begin your analysis of the infused leaves as the cups are filled. Smaller flat leaves will show more body than larger twisted leaves, which take longer to steep. Steep the teas for a fixed time – generally three to five minutes. After steeping take in the aroma of the tea and examine the infused leaves for color and evenness. Color does not necessarily indicate the strength or body of the liquor.
Now you are ready to taste – take a spoonful of the liquid and slurp with force to ensure that the tea is sprayed over the entire tongue. This step is important since we taste bitterness at the back of the tongue, saltiness in the middle, sweetness in the front and sourness on the sides of the tongue. It may be difficult to describe your findings at first, but after sampling many teas you will begin to notice similarities and differences in color, taste and smell. You may want to start a notebook to record your impressions.
WhatsApp +79661270055 Where I am, there is pleasure! Exquisite and elegant, laconic and luxurious, strict and romantic! I will be your guide to a world of bright pleasures and
To read my advert. I like to dominate and to make you obey me. I can give you GFE, when you visit me. I would like to be active, but if you prefer I will bee your passive slut. I
Hello guys, my name is Lana. I m really easy going and i m here to offer quality time for you, lots of pleasure with a big sirsurpr hehe. Dont miss the opportunity, call me and
Dubai Escort Babes offers plenty of different escorts for men and women as well. We have a great selection of female and male escorts as well,
Hello, I'm a transsexual from Russia, both! I'm attractive, sexy and liberated!) if you want to spend your free time, relax, have fun with me, come along!) I'm a passionate
World is crucial, I am not a philosopher to say it, but still the rotting flesh can be smell up from here…
Please, please just to don't forget Andrian Monk doesn't appeal as to be Monk… He just doesn't for fit in having "OCD"… (And Yeah I know from what type of disease he is suffering from, "Obessive Compulsive Disorder")
Se trata de un sitio de prueba. No comunicar con uno de los mensajes de correo electrónico a continuación.
Hello, i can't download from soundcloud, it just redirects me to itunes, where there is no episode 474, has got anyone any idea how to get them all?
Do you own a VAG related repair business? - Do you own a Company that offers components for VAG related vehicles? - Would you like to support & sponsor or advertise on one of the largest UK based VAG Group enthusiast sites? - If so, we would like to hear from you. We are always looking for top class Companies to join and support this website, so to get more details of our excellent value advertising packages please email for full details.
If you wish to register for the site, and use one of the "FREE" email accounts, i.e Hotmail for instance, you may see a message saying the email address is banned... THIS IS NOT PERSONAL!
IF you wish to register and receive this message please email info@vwaudiforum.co.uk to get instructions how to rectify this issue and join the site.
Please read the following Blog post regarding what and how we use and store your data.. Click -->>GDPR blog post Once you have read this you can "dismiss" this notice if required.
Disclaimer: VW Audi Forum is an "independant enthusiast website", administered in line with guidelines supplied by VAG in the UK, and is in no way related to any of the Worldwide Volkswagen,Audi,Seat,Skoda,Bentley,Bugatti,Porsche or Lamborghini group of Companies. For official up to date information on any of there vehicles, please visit the official websites. Any comments made throughout this website, are the views of the respective poster, and in no way represent the views of the VW Audi Forum Administration, or the worldwide Volkswagen & Audi Group of companies.
VW Audi Forum do not vet and are not responsible for any information which is posted in this forum. All content is viewed and used by you at your own risk and we do not warrant the accuracy or reliability of any of the information.
Copyright: Certain "words", "phrases" and "Images" used on this website by the Administration are "Copyright" of Volkswagen GB, Volkswagen AG (Germany), Audi GB, Audi AG (Germany), Volkswagen Motorsport GB, Volkswagen Motorsport AG (Germany), Audi Motorsport AG (Germany), Volkswagen Racing GB, Bentley, Bugatti, Porsche and Lamborghini. No image can be replicated by anyone WITHOUT the relevant Companies written permission.
No part of the VW Audi Forum website or forum may be reproduced without written permission from the site administration
I have a 2009 Audi TT, just got my oil changed over but cannot remove the "Service" indicator on the dash.
Would anyone on the Gold Coast be kind enough to have one and plug it in for 2-3mins to remove this message?
Use your phone or tablet as an offroad topo mapping GPS with the bestselling outdoor navigation app for Android! Explore beyond cell coverage for hiking, hunting and more.
Download topo maps for the US and some other countries in advance, so you won't need cell coverage when navigating.
This uses many publicly available map sources as free downloads. It also has some additional content available as an in app purchase:
Boundary maps for 12 western states from the Bureau of Land Management(BLM) for $7.99. Great for hunters, hikers, and prospectors.
NOTE: If you've already purchased this or any paid app, you can install it at any time from 'My Apps' in the Android Market.
Use offline topo maps and GPS on hiking trails without cell service! The GPS in your Android phone can get its position from GPS satellites, and you don’t have to rely on your data plan to get maps. Have more fun and safe GPS adventures in the backcountry.
Preload offline topo maps, aerial photos, and road maps on your storage card, so they are ready when you need them for your GPS navigation. Many free map source are built into the app.
Use GPS for hunting a waypoint or geocache, for recording tracks and GPS waypoints on your trip, all the while tracking your GPS quest on topographic maps.
Interface changes to look more consistent on Android 2.1-4.1. (Please be patient as our help documents are updated.)
Greetings and salutations everyone and welcome to another blog here on BlueCollarBlueShirts.com. On Monday night, after grabbing three out of…
Greetings and salutations everyone and welcome to another blog here on BlueCollarBlueShirts.com. This may be shorter than usual, because as…
Greetings and salutations everyone and welcome to another blog here on BlueCollarBlueShirts.com. The Rangers, riding a season high four game…
Greeting and salutations everyone and welcome to another blog here on BlueCollarBlueShirts.com. I got an early alarm clock tomorrow, so…
Greetings and salutations everyone and welcome to another blog here on BlueCollarBlueShirts.com. On Thursday night, on their last game of…
October 31, 2018 October 31, 2018 SeanNew York RangersNo Comment on NYR/SJS 10/30 Review: Lundqvist & The Rangers Pick Up Two Points in a Roller-Coaster of a Game, Fast Avoids Becoming a Goat, Bustnevich Returns to the List, Tank vs Winning & More From The Most Exciting Game of the Season
Greetings and salutations everyone and welcome to another blog here on BlueCollarBlueShirts.com. Man, oh man, where does one start with…
Greetings and salutations everyone and welcome to another blog here on BlueCollarBlueShirts.com. After having one of their worst games of…
Greetings and salutations everyone and welcome to another blog here on BlueCollarBlueShirts.com. After a team-wide victory over the Panthers on…
Greetings and salutations everyone and welcome to another blog here on BlueCollarBlueShirts.com. Coming off an ugly loss on Sunday, the…
New initial landing page allows users to immediately manage your guest list. - Easily filter between Guest types and Guest lists. - Simple buttons to add Guest, Party, or Restrict. - The addition of the community name and resident picture give a more personal touch. - New guest icons make it easier to recognize each type of guest
Guest Registration and Party Creation - Guest scheduling and party creation has been streamlined by reducing the number of steps in the process.
dwellingLIVE is the #1 access control solution for residential community associations. This is the official dwellingLIVE Guest List app for residents in communities subscribing to dwellingLIVE. Easily manage your guest list and account information on your mobile device.
Current Features Include:	• View guest list	• Add, edit, and delete guests	• View guest history	• Edit user profile (name, email, password, phone numbers, etc.)	• Manage email & text message notification settings
What parts of the Bible will I read? Readings are included from every book of the Bible. This plan includes about 4,472 key verses out of 31,103 verses in the whole Bible. (That’s over 14% or 1/7th of the Bible.) Passages are arranged mostly in chronological order, with 8 months of Old Testament readings and 4 months in the New Testament.
How were the verses chosen? Passages were chosen that (a) trace the big story of the whole Bible with some of its central themes, (b) reflect the literary and topical diversity of the Bible, and (c) avoid some potentially embarrassing “adult content.”
Who should use this reading plan? I created this guide for my 5-year-old, who is an eager reader. (She has been thoroughly puzzled by some of the passages she’s read—such as Ezekiel 1. That’s okay. I’m puzzled by some of the same passages!) But this plan is equally well-suited for several kinds of adults—those new to the Bible, slower readers, or anyone who wants to survey highlights of the Bible at a pace that gives plenty of time for meditation. This plan does not take the place of plans that cover the whole Bible.
What is the suggested reading schedule? There are 25 readings each month, averaging less than 15 verses a day. Each monthly handout can be completed by following one of these suggested schedules: (1) Read 6 days a week until finished; (2) Read 5 days a week plus do one 5-reading day each month. Since you use a new handout each month, you will be alerted at the end of each month if you are falling behind. And should you fall behind, readings are short enough that you can easily read two a day until you catch up.
When can I begin? There are 12 reading guides—one for each month. Months are unnamed on the handouts, so you can begin any time of the year. Why not start today?
I have planned many times to read the Bible through from cover to cover. My time is running out and I have never made it through. I am 76 years old and will be 77 before the year is over. Please pray for me as this is something I must do. The Bible is not new to me. I sat at my mother’s feet and she read to us. I cannot explain it but I want to learn exactly what Jesus wants me to do.
This was strange to me. It came from my memories. But it is something I must have forgotten about. It looks like could have written it as everything fits. The name, the age and the whole written paragraph. It has stirred something inside me that I truly believe is God. However this came about thank you. I am now 77 but before the end of the year on Christmas Eve I will be 78. Pray for me.
I am thinking about creating a self-published adult coloring book with scriptures. Would I be allowed to include your reading plan if I reference this as the source?
Lola, I would like to hear more about your plans for your coloring book. Can you tell me more in an email? (You can use the contact page on my website.) Blessings!
I’ve been looking for this kind of Bible reading guide. I will use this as a guide for our Bible study groups.
Thank you for this. We use the Swedish Method of Bible study and I was looking for a guide that will fit this method. I enjoy this method and so I teach it to others (specially to unchurched students). However I had difficulty suggesting a guide the groups can use. Hopefully your guide will be a blessing.
Great! If you have any feedback after using it for a while on how it might be improved, feel free to let me know. God bless!
No, I don’t. But that’s a good idea. Would you find that useful? Meanwhile, I guess you could just print out the PDFs I’ve posted and journal in another notebook. God bless, and thanks for taking time to ask!
This is the personal website of Dwight K. Gingrich. This website exists to build up the Church of Jesus Christ by helping her listen carefully to the Scriptures.
You will also find some pages with personal content—anything that is important to me that I wish to share publicly. Happy exploring!
What would you like to see on Dwight Gingrich Online? Visit this poll to suggest content ideas. Then vote on ideas that others have suggested! Thank you.
Browse Blog – By Date Select Month October 2018 (1) July 2018 (4) May 2018 (1) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (2) September 2017 (1) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (2) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (1) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (2) October 2016 (1) August 2016 (2) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (9) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (8) November 2015 (4) October 2015 (13) September 2015 (6) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (9) June 2015 (4) May 2015 (8) April 2015 (6) March 2015 (8) February 2015 (4) January 2015 (12) December 2014 (9) November 2014 (12) October 2014 (5) February 2014 (1) November 2013 (1) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) December 2012 (5) October 2012 (3) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (2) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (5) March 2012 (5) January 2012 (5) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (3) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (1) July 2011 (4) May 2011 (1) March 2011 (1) December 2010 (1) July 2010 (1) April 2009 (1)
We've been satisfied members of Samaritan Ministries for over 10 years---since September, 2006. If you decide to join, please mention "Dwight and Zonya Gingrich" and we'll receive a discount. Thanks to Will & Rosina for already doing this!
Download watch dogs for free on high speed through torrent and magnet links. Now we have 1000 verified results for torrent watch dogs.
Report Ad 2, report Ad, report Ad, report Ad, report Ad, report Ad 7, report Ad 4, report Ad m, report Ad m, report Ad 17, report Ad, page 1.1600 sport and rs 2000.Updated, request Details, ford Escort - bbw escorts alabama Bellville, Western Cape,000 km 4, ford..
Please note: This app is optimised for iOS.One plus one 1 no shares Post has shared content #Desire #Grow #YouCanDoIt #BestDayEver Originally shared by * versus 2009 Trailer - We got ourselves a game.Please email us at and tell us about the communications you received, and include the..
If you are not of legal age OR are easily offended, you need to leave this site immediately by using hiv among prostitutes in australia the exit button below.M recognizes the need for parents to prevent their children&apos;s access to certain Internet content present, so we suggest using..
You agree to report violations of this policy immediately.Columbus, OH, corpus Christi, TX, dallas, TX, dayton,.If you or someone you know is in need of help, please visit trafficking.Arlington, TX, arlington, VA, asheville, NC, atlanta,.Many of our Covington Escorts are independent escorts as well as Covington Escort nd Aprils Escorts located at, Covington, Georgia, 30014.TSescorts Ltd 2017 m, privacy Policy, terms Of Use 2257 Notice.See reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best Escort Service in Covington, vington Escorts USA Directory Guide Featuring Sexy Covington Escort and Call-Girls Offering Out-call / In-call Service Around Georgia - United States.Boston, MA, bronx, NY, dating naked sex brooklyn, NY, buffalo,.Central Jersey, NJ, charlotte, NC, cherry Hill, NJ, chicago,.Fayetteville, NC, florence, SC, fort Lauderdale, FL, fort Worth, TX Fresno, CA Grand Rapids, MI Greensboro, NC Greenville, SC Harrisburg, PA Hartford, CT Hollywood, CA Honolulu, HI Houston, TX Indianapolis, IN Jacksonville, FL Johnson City, TN Kansas City, MO King of Prussia, PA Lake Charles.Get reviews and contact details for each business including videos, opening hours and vington Escorts - My Provider Guide to Covington escorts and adult entertainers in OhioWe have over 21,000 escorts in our Escorts Directory.Denver, CO, detroit, MI, edison, NJ, el Paso,.We are not associated with anyone reviewed on this site.It contains links to nudity, explicit sexual content, explicit language, and other adult related nd 770 Escorts in Covington - personal stripper promotions agency lady escorts Palma service escort adult jobs escorts professional hostess escorts New York female escorts USA escort companions adult jobs escorts.It contains links to nudity, explicit sexual content, explicit language, and other adult related content.Help to find organizations in your country that can help.
Blonde Shemale Escort, brazilian.For bookings outside of London, just call our office any time of the day or night and we will arrange it all for you!Bayswater W2, hot Brazilian Tranny Escort, brazilian.In-call areas can be found in the postcode and location menus to the left of the
This webpage can be of prostitution el paso help to nigerian english phonology.When defending themselves in Court, prostitutes often argued that the money had been a gift from the victim and managed to be acquitted, as the men prosecuting them were often drunk at the time of the
Sparco R325 350mm Steering Wheel, sparco R325sn Steering Wheel 3 Spoke Suede Steering Wheel It has a 90mm deep dish and is 350.Starting From 125.00 Ex Tax: 119.05.Gartrac has worked with all of the major manufacturers over the years in many areas of motorsport, probably the most famous
A tough loss on the road 24-9. There were several factors with the turnovers being the major culprit but also the defense gave up quite a few long 3rd down conversions that could have changed the complexion of the game as well as not being able to punch it in when in the red zone.
Ryan: 13/33, 158 yards, 0 TD, 2 INT. Breakdown of incompletions: 10 Bad passes, 2 Dropped passes, 1 Busted Play, 6 Throw aways and 1 Defended pass.
Run blocking: Not as good of a job as week 1. Tampa got quite a bit of penetration, there were several missed blocks that could have sprung big runs and the opportunity to establish a rhythm never presented itself.
Pass blocking: Was okay for the most part. Before getting hurt, Baker had no negatives. Blalock did get beat on a stunt and looks to have problems with those. McClure had a missed block on an early run and a holding penalty that was declined due to Jenkins’ drop. Dahl had a rather rough day as he tripped over McClure’s feet blowing up a running play in addition to several pressures and a false start penalty. Weiner and Clabo also struggled specifically in the second half.
Sack responsibility (4): First sack came on the 7th drive with Clabo and Snelling responsible. Second sack came on the 10th drive and was a result of a busted play (miscommunication with the running back). Third sack came on the 11th drive with Weiner and Clabo responsible. Final sack was also on the 11th drive and on Blalock (on the stunt previously mentioned).
Note: QB responsible sacks are those that he has at least 3 seconds and either chose to try to scramble or stayed in the pocket when the better decision would be to throw it away. Also includes those rushing attempts that go for 0 or negative yardage that for some reason are counted as a sack.
Pass Defense: Allowed way too many 3rd and long situations and also Tampa’s tight ends were often wide open.
Norwood had 4 kickoff returns and 1 touchback: 1. from the 1, 22 yards; 2. from the -2, 24 yards; 3. from the 1, 39 yards (nullified by illegal block on Snelling); 4. from the 8, 18 yards (fumbled and recovered by Snelling). Very average day.
Jennings had 5 punt return opportunities: 1. from the 24, 6 yards; 2. from the 13, fair catch; 3. from the 40, 37 yards; 4. from the 19, downed (improved by Tampa holding penalty); 5. from the 26, 0 yards (illegal block on DeCoud). 1 excellent return, otherwise very average.
Koenen had 5 punts: 1-26 yards to the T 10, fair catch. 2-35 yards to the T 34, downed. 3-35 yards to A 49, no gain. 4-30 yards to the T 8, fair catch. 5-55 yards to the T 33, no gain (improved by illegal block penalty on Tampa). 2 punts inside the 10 and 1 very long one. Solid day for Koenen.
Koenen had 4 kickoffs: 1-Touchback. 2-to the -2, 17 yard return. 3-to the -1, 32 yard return. 4-to the 9, 12 yard return. Plenty of length on the kicks and enough hang time for coverage teams to cover.
Offensive MVP: Laurent Robinson (4 catches, 45 yards) – 2 really nice catches that turned the momentum and gave us a chance.
Goat of the Week: Matt Ryan – 2 Interceptions were horrible throws and couldn’t get it in the end zone. Positive note – didn’t give up and played much better in the 2nd half.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006
Mulch is common occurrence in any landscape or outdoor space design, but does it have a purpose? In short, the mulch keeps soil moist and protects plant and tree roots from natural elements. At Falcon Professional Lawn Services Incorporated, we specialize in mulch services and strive to give our customers sustainable options for their outdoor spaces.
Mulch is simply the material you choose to lay over the surface of your soil. Typically, it goes around plants and trees for extra protection from the elements. In a natural forest, trees and plants benefit from the layer of debris on the forest floor. It contains a range of decomposing organic materials and helpful organisms that replenish the soil. Mulch acts as a substitute for this natural occurrence when plants and trees are located in suburban or urban environments.
As we said, the main benefit is water retention in the soil, but there are a full range of benefits that come with the right mulch choice. For example, mulch is known to:
For organic mulches, you’ll notice the decomposing materials will replenish the natural nutrients in the soil and bolster plant life.
There are two main mulch categories: organic and inorganic. Organic materials decompose naturally and are help replace need nutrients in the process. This mulch is not a permanent solution and will need to be replaced regularly. Typical contents for organic mulch include:
Inorganic mulch does not serve to decompose and replenish soil nutrients. However, it generally lasts much longer than its counter part and requires less maintenance. Generally, inorganic materials aren’t favored because they don’t give back to the soil, but they can still make for a fantastic design feature. These mulches are usually made from:
Laying mulch can be a delicate business because you have to put just the right about. Too much mulch will cut off the air and water supply. It’ll also encourage a number of diseases or inhibit the healthy growth of your plants and trees. Common results of bad mulching are:
Are you ready to learn more about Falcon Professional Lawn Services Incorporated mulch services? Give us a call today to speak with one of our professional team members about a consultation. You can also fill out our contact for and we’ll get back to you at your earliest convenience. We look forward to hearing from you soon.
All information provided is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute a legal contract between Falcon Professional Lawn Services Incorporated and any person or entity unless otherwise specified. Information is subject to change without prior notice. Although every reasonable effort is made to present current and accurate information, LinkNow™ Media makes no guarantees of any kind.
Here you can chat about the Doom Armory itself, weapon mods, and whatever else that might be related somehow. [Home]
A: I notice that there are surprisingly few websites on the net dealing with weapon mods for Doom. I imagine some people are sick of Doom's stock weapons by now, and are looking for some good ones. This site is designed to help filter the crap from the real gold.
A: If you'd actually play some of these mods (like CT-Alpha or WW-Ana) you'd realize that mods aren't always about making the game easier. The two mods I just mentioned actually make the game much harder than before (especially in the case of CT-Alpha - I hope you've brushed up on your Pacifist skills).
A2: This isn't just for the mods that you can play out of the box. The Doom Armory is also a good resource for the budding mapper that doesn't just want to have the standard weapons in their maps. Many of the authors whose mods are available on this site have graciously allowed others to use their work as a base for whatever purpose - so if you played a certain weapon mod and absolutely loved it, you can feel free to take resources and such from it (or even design a whole level around a certain mod). Just be sure to read the text file of the mod in question first - the author might not allow you to take their resources (most usually do, though).
Q: Why start this site when there are other sites like Doom Wad Station and the /newstuff Chronicles?
A: I'd rather not deviate from the original purpose of the Armory - to provide the Doom Community with fresh new weapons. If you want level reviews that bad, look at the /newstuff Chronicles or the multitude of WAD review sites out there.
A: Obviously there was something about the mod I didn't like - whether it be the graphics (what good is a butt-kicking minigun if it looks like a two-year-old drew it?), the sounds (perhaps they're overly annoying or are totally out of place), or the gameplay and hacking (not very well balanced or incredibly buggy). Take what I've put in the review, and learn from it. That's the only way you can improve. If you really have a problem with what somebody wrote in the review, then you can post a comment on it here in the forums.
A: There are several ways to do this, many of them dependant on what Doom port you use. I've only had experience with the Windows versions of these ports, so the instructions may vary for those of you running DOS, Linux, or Mac systems. Please note that in any instance where you are loading more than one WAD file (for example, your favorite mod with a megawad to go with it), always place the weapon mod LAST so that all of its changes take effect.
Among the more popular methods of executing a Doom port is by dragging the WAD file on top of the executable (or a desktop shortcut). This is not recommended if you are dealing with multiple WADs or DEHs. It currently only works with ZDoom and EDGE, since they have the special handling needed to work with this action.
There are many good launchers available that are usually dependant on specific ports, but also work on other ports if you don't have any extravagant command line options. The Doomsday engine and Risen3D both come with their own launchers, while for ZDoom you may be interested in checking out ZDL (by Bio-Hazard, it's hosted by the DRD Team forum), and for EDGE you'll probably want to look at EDGE Shell Launcher (ESL). Check my Links page for the locations of these programs.
A: If you've followed the instructions above, you shouldn't have problems. However, it's usually best to read the readme file for the WAD you're trying to play before reporting problems. Any problems you have running your source-port should be reported to the person in charge of the source-port. If it only happens with that particular WAD, contact the author. If you're trying the wrong port, then I don't know what's wrong with you. Also keep in mind that most (if not all) WAD's linked on this site will NOT run with Doom2.EXE (and certainly not Doom95, unless you're using a weapon skin wad).
A: Check out the Contacting WildWeasel page for info on how to get in touch. Keep in mind that I am currently not taking requests for reviews at this time.
A: You can always look in the Armory's Tutorials section for good tutorials, but we can't cover everything - we're still a work in progress. If you look around, you can find good tutorials for whatever programs you're using - but also keep in mind that most of the programs include help files or are otherwise self-explanatory. And when all else fails, look at another WAD file to find out how it's laid out.
Q: I have a review/article/tutorial to submit to you, but I can't post new topics in the respective forum. How do I post new articles?
A: Grubber of DRD Team was friendly enough to not only provide the hosting for the website and forum, but he also hacked up the whole thing into PHP to make it even easier for me to update. The design was originally by Whompy of Open Source Web Designs.
A: I use them because it's convenient for me and it saves space in the long run. If you have any hostility or dislike towards RAR files, deal with it - I'm not going to upload ZIP versions of the files just because some people don't like the format I've uploaded them in. It's not like programs such as 7-Zip cost money - it can handle RAR files just fine and it's completely free.
A: Short answer: no. To elaborate, however, I don't believe that any of my mods really requires beta testing, being that it's actually much easier to test weapon mods than it is to test almost anything else. On the flip side, however, experimental coding (like ww-cash's purchase system) might possibly need people other than me to test it. If I need beta testers, I'll post a notice on the front page.
A: I really don't have the time to individually tutor everybody. I also don't have as much free time as I did when I started the Armory, so I probably won't have the strength to commit to another project team.
I've added a few questions to the list. Please make sure your questions are not already answered before you contact me. Thank you.
[REQ] 64bit support - No... Not for NT5 based platforms (Page 5) - Feature Requests - DriverPacks.net Forum
I tricked DriverPack Solution into thinking that I'm running Windows XP X64 so it could discover X64 drivers on Windows XP. It turned out that if I were to install Windows XP X64 on that PC, I would had have drivers for all devices for exception Radeon X1600, Marvell LAN, Nokia 5800, ATK0110.
Yeah that makes sense... many drivers that we include are 64bit compatable... this is very obvious if you look at the details on the download pages... The thing of it is, Meow doesn't want us to help nor to help us ... he's just a troll . We don't take the time to help that type... It's OK if you want to though .
Hi, I loaded Win7 on old hardware and graphics was not recognised at all. Win Update didn't offer anything either and when I looked it up on Nvidia site they don't support it for win 7.
But the last win vista driver they do say suits the card works properly and installs without argument. Without the vista driver it would not wake up after the screen went to sleep and you had to crash out windows and reboot
It was a FX5700, and I had same issue on a FX5200 previously, the same vista driver works fine on both.
driver that Nvidia reco for vista on these cards (can we add it??? I looked at the release for A and B but didn't see if the drivers will be suitable or not)
You're right, the Vista 96.85 drivers should work. But that card is so old, I don't know if it's worth supporting.
97.34 (2006-11-21) are the latest WHQL and there are a couple 17x betas from 2008 that seem to be compatible
BTW this reminds me, I have a personal SaveHwids updated with devcon.exe v6.2.9200.16384 if anyone (maybe the original creator) is interested in grabbing it and adding it to his/her tool
by the way this FX5700 gives the same lowest scoring win experience index at 3.3 as an intel 4 series chip in a current Samsung laptop and beats an intel 965 which scraped in at 3.1...
Limits listed above of those 3 systems is the 3D business / gaming graphics, (aero interface got 3.7 on 5700). does their scoring related to anything realistic in real use?
Jewish Interactive and TinyTap announce Technology Partnership to Enable Next Generation Jewish Learning
You are here: Home / Announcements / Jewish Interactive and TinyTap announce Technology Partnership to Enable Next Generation Jewish Learning
Outside it was a warm, sunny day. Inside there was a buzz in the air as 50 principals gathered last week at Apple’s NYC HQ to discover what’s in store for the future of Jewish education during a joint all-day leadership training event held with Jewish Interactive, Centre for Innovation in Jewish Education (CIJE) and Apple.
Following the success of 2 similar days at Apple’s London HQ (UK), this was the first of a nationwide campaign to inspire Jewish day schools in the USA to bring their Judaic classrooms up to date, using cutting edge technology.
Jewish Interactive (Ji) has a vision to provide universal access to quality Jewish learning. With an existing user base in over 850 cities around the world, Ji is well positioned to achieve this audacious vision through its efforts to create, curate and catalyse Jewish learning around the world.
With several years of implementation experience, Ji continues to demonstrate thought leadership in the sector. Working towards strategic partnerships with funders, educators, school operators and technology providers Ji is providing quality resources for Jewish learning.
Launched at the training event, Ji Tap is the most recent strategic partnership between Jewish Interactive and TinyTap – the leading Israeli educational app company which includes a social platform where Judaic teachers and students can create, play and share their own gaming apps, with insights, data and inbuilt assessment tools.
According to Ji CEO Chana Kanzen, “JI has grown rapidly, with offices in the UK, South Africa and Israel, and now with our CIJE partnership we are well positioned to expand our efforts across the United States. As Jewish educators with the ability to harness digital technologies that can solve real problems in the classroom, our global network is helping us share good practice, and empower teachers to engage their students, grab their interest and make Jewish learning cool. In addition, Ji is partnering with Beit Issie Shapiro in Raanana – a school for children with severe disabilities – to provide an inclusive tool, enabling their access to Jewish learning. A special thanks to the generous unwavering support and vision of Martin Glatt and Nicky Newfield of the Glatt Foundation, we have carefully cultivated our own in-house production team; gifted innovators who are quietly creating an education revolution.”
Filed Under: Announcements, Jewish Education Today, Using Technology Wisely Tagged With: Day Schools
What's the best way to follow important issues affecting the Jewish philanthropic world? Our Daily Update keeps you on top of the latest news, trends and opinions shaping the landscape, providing an invaluable source for inspiration and learning.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (73) October 2018 (146) September 2018 (71) August 2018 (93) July 2018 (88) June 2018 (83) May 2018 (104) April 2018 (86) March 2018 (123) February 2018 (95) January 2018 (100) December 2017 (99) November 2017 (110) October 2017 (81) September 2017 (99) August 2017 (96) July 2017 (102) June 2017 (111) May 2017 (91) April 2017 (74) March 2017 (102) February 2017 (106) January 2017 (100) December 2016 (107) November 2016 (111) October 2016 (85) September 2016 (117) August 2016 (85) July 2016 (78) June 2016 (118) May 2016 (107) April 2016 (84) March 2016 (112) February 2016 (93) January 2016 (121) December 2015 (104) November 2015 (104) October 2015 (124) September 2015 (105) August 2015 (119) July 2015 (113) June 2015 (103) May 2015 (102) April 2015 (110) March 2015 (130) February 2015 (112) January 2015 (119) December 2014 (117) November 2014 (116) October 2014 (106) September 2014 (109) August 2014 (123) July 2014 (106) June 2014 (115) May 2014 (132) April 2014 (87) March 2014 (133) February 2014 (105) January 2014 (103) December 2013 (125) November 2013 (110) October 2013 (132) September 2013 (69) August 2013 (91) July 2013 (102) June 2013 (121) May 2013 (121) April 2013 (105) March 2013 (93) February 2013 (93) January 2013 (124) December 2012 (100) November 2012 (139) October 2012 (92) September 2012 (95) August 2012 (116) July 2012 (140) June 2012 (121) May 2012 (118) April 2012 (113) March 2012 (166) February 2012 (144) January 2012 (125) December 2011 (134) November 2011 (122) October 2011 (114) September 2011 (109) August 2011 (116) July 2011 (111) June 2011 (141) May 2011 (120) April 2011 (126) March 2011 (165) February 2011 (117) January 2011 (131) December 2010 (143) November 2010 (150) October 2010 (128) September 2010 (116) August 2010 (136) July 2010 (142) June 2010 (125) May 2010 (118) April 2010 (109) March 2010 (133) February 2010 (130) January 2010 (117) December 2009 (99) November 2009 (108) October 2009 (103) September 2009 (97) August 2009 (68) July 2009 (97) June 2009 (114) May 2009 (88) April 2009 (90) March 2009 (107) February 2009 (94) January 2009 (90) December 2008 (106) November 2008 (74) October 2008 (68) September 2008 (49) August 2008 (43) July 2008 (65) June 2008 (73) May 2008 (90) April 2008 (60) March 2008 (51) February 2008 (43) January 2008 (42) December 2007 (18) November 2007 (12)
eJewish Philanthropy highlights news, resources and thought pieces on issues facing our Jewish philanthropic world in order to create dialogue and advance the conversation. Learn more.
E and J Winter – Bolton Scale Models are the oldest and largest supplier, retailer and manufacture of live steam components in the Southern Hemisphere.
The DREAM Challenge participants and organizers have numerous publications in leading journals in biology and biomedicine.
Relationships are tricky and if youre not, you likely have a million more But the key to any relationship is to make sure that its healthythat both
1 in 5 teens in a dating relationship report being hit, slapped, or pushed by their partner. Learn more about teen dating violence and how to educate teens about
Learn how to prevent teen dating violence and to Victims of teen dating violence are more likely to Strategies to Promote Healthy Teen Relationships.
Start Strong: Building Healthy Teen Relationships (Start Strong) is the largest initiative ever funded to prevent teen dating violence and abuse by teaching 11 to
Relationships and PTSD How does trauma affect relationships? Trauma survivors with PTSD may have trouble with their close family relationships or friendships. A
GUIDE TO TEEN DATING VIOLENCE nonviolent relationships with your child. More importantly, these questions can lead to a conversation about what is happening in
Alcoholism In Parents Triggers Violence In in a report published on the University at Buffalo website said that teen dating violence was there is more marital
Today is Martin Luther King, Jr. Day here in the United States. As I've discussed in previous years, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is my favorite American holiday because it's a holiday about hope for a better world.
I think King's ideas are as relevant as ever in our current Trumpian, bigotry-resurgent times. These days it often seems that my country and other parts of the world are deliberately moving against everything King stood for, which makes being familiar with King's actual ideas all the more important. As his daughter Bernice King said in a recent tweet, "Let's be weaned off of MLK-lite."
The encouraging of "MLK-lite" is one of the regrettable effects of the King holiday, what Cornel West and others have also called "the Santa-Clausification" of King. We choose a few inspiring quotes, often taken out of context, to turn King into a non-offensive feel-good motivational speaker. We conveniently forget that he was jailed dozens of times, blocked traffic, spoke out against the Vietnam War, empathized with rioters, worked with organized labor, and died in Memphis while supporting a sanitation workers' strike.
But worst of all in my opinion, we forget his ideas. We turn nonviolence (a specific philosophy as challenging as it is inspiring) into a fluffy, Disneyfied toothless individual sentiment. We (especially, it must be admitted, my fellow white Americans) turn King's trenchant critiques of racism, classism, materialism, economic injustice, and militarism into "I don't see race" and "I judge everyone according to the content of their character."
But don't take my word for it. Please read King's work for yourself. I recommend starting with the speech, "Where Do We Go From Here?" which includes the famous bit about "the arc of the moral universe," a quote that is often taken out of context. I also recommend actually reading the entirety of "I Have a Dream" (not just the quotable bits) as well as his masterful (and deeply philosophical) "Letter from a Birmingham Jail." And of course his books are all well worth reading. My favorites are Strength to Love (which includes the idea of a "tough mind and a tender heart" - a chapter I often assign in my philosophy classes) and Where Do We Go From Here: Chaos or Community? (his last and most challenging book).
I have some other ideas in my MLK Day posts from previous years: "A Tough Mind and a Tender Heart" from 2015 (on the importance of both critical thinking and compassion), "MLK, Social Justice, and Science Fiction" from 2016 (which includes the story of how King convinced Nichelle Nichols to stay on Star Trek), and "The Moral Arc, Philosophy, and Science Fiction" from last year (where I get into the deeper meaning of the notion of a "moral arc").
My wish for MLK Day 2018 is that we stop making this a holiday about imagined nostalgia and rose-tinted worship of an American hero-saint (which King wouldn't have wanted in any case). My wish is that we can make this day into an honoring of the struggles of the past and a frank appreciation of how far we have yet to go. But most of all I would like to see MLK Day become a holiday of hope that, despite so many contemporary appearances, we do have what it takes to get to the mountain top.
1992 century boat manua no short description 1992 century boat manua because this is pdf file PDF file
1992 century boat manua no short description 1992 century boat manua because this is doc file DOC file
how to download kirtu bhabhi movies free no short description how to download kirtu bhabhi movies free because this is pdf file PDF file
how to download kirtu bhabhi movies free no short description how to download kirtu bhabhi movies free because this is doc file DOC file
The Frostfire solar colour changing ice rocks provide powerful path and garden lights at night. The stylish lights are charged during the day via the sun and come on automatically at night. The Frostfire solar lights can be placed anywhere in … Continue reading →
Features: 1. Integrated design of PIR motion sensor 2. Recharged by sunlight and store power for overnight lighting. 3.Built-in 2200mAh 18650 battery over 12 hours lighting time after one day charge. 4. Waterproof IP65, heatproof … Continue reading →
Tagged 2200mAh, Auto, Battery, Best, Deck, Driveway, Garden, Home, LEDs, Lights, Lights20, Motion, Mount, On/Off, Outdoor, Path, Patio, SensorSolar, Solar, Stairs, Volador, Walkway, Wall, White, Yard
Colour Changing Solar Bubble Lights on a Stick, Set of 5. These sparkling multi coloured bubble design lights are the perfect way to dress up flower beds, gardens, patio or path. Just place the stake into the ground an they are … Continue reading →
Oscar Extreme Solar Post Lights (Set of 4) by SPV Lights: The Solar Lights & Lighting Specialists (Free 2 Year Warranty Included)
The perfect combination of great looks and practicality; the Oscar Solar Post Light will add brightness and a welcoming glow to your garden. This solar powered outdoor light creates an attractive feature while providing safety and security, lighting up dark areas … Continue reading →
Decorative acrylic bubble sticks look fantastic and really add some personality to your garden. They’re solar powered (batteries Inc) and so will charge in the daytime and turn on automatically in the evening when the sun goes down. The light is … Continue reading →
Aglaia Color Changing Solar Lights Outdoor, Pack of 6, with 7 Colors and 3 Lighting Modes for Yard, Lawn, Path and Landscape
The stake light has 3 easy ways to install: insert into the ground as a path light, place on surface as a mood light, or hang it with the hook and wire (included) on trees or … Continue reading →
These Solar Powered Stainless Steel Garden Post Lights are ideal for patios, paths, borders, ponds and driveways. They convert energy from the sun during the day into electricity, at no cost. The lights have rechargeable batteries inside which save the energy … Continue reading →
This 4 pack of solar deck lights is the perfect way to bring both functional and stylish light to your garden. Encased in hard-wearing stainless-steel each light houses one single bright white LED emitting enough light to illuminate decking, borders, pathways … Continue reading →
These Brushed Stainless Steel Solar Powered Colour Changing LED Garden Lights are ideal for patios, paths, borders, ponds and driveways. They convert energy from the sun during the day into electricity, at no cost. The lights have rechargeable batteries inside which … Continue reading →
A superb value set of 6 solar stake lights for lighting up your lawn, plant pots or garden path. Each lantern houses one white LED which emits an impressive … Continue reading →
Mini Compact Sun&Rain Travel Umbrella – Lightweight Portable Outdoor Golf Umbrella with 95% UV Protection Wedding and Personal sunscreens
Anonymous on Garden Path Lights,Step Lights,Garden Lights Solar,Outdoor Landscape Lighting for Lawn/Patio/Yard/Walkway/Driveway Pack of 6
The concept is entirely modeled after the delightful Italian city of Treviso. Treviso is a historic city just North of Venice and it is filled with overwhelming charms bordered with meandering waterways and a tranquil atmosphere. In addition with various architectural styles from Venetian to elements of French Gothic. And this development is to emulate that opulent sense of comfort and prosperity.
No one can execute such a tall order marvelously except for the brilliant minds of Lanterra. Treviso Condos will be the first of a multi-phase, master-planned community in one of Toronto’s most sought after neighbourhoods. New development plans include new condominiums, new town homes, a new commercial complex and a new community centre that will all cater to residents and the surrounding community.
Most suites open onto oversized loggias (balconies) or terraces, many with planters. Inside, high-performance laminate flooring, plus porcelain or ceramic tiles in most areas. Munge Leung custom-designed kitchens have granite countertops, a ceramic tile backsplash, and stainless steel-front appliances. Most kitchens include a pantry to maximize storage space. In the bathrooms, a cast-stone rectangular sink reflects modern sensibilities.
Pinnacle Grand Park 2 is a new condo project by Pinnacle International currently in preconstruction at Burnhamthorpe Road West & Grand Park Dr in Mississauga. Available condos start in the mid $200,000's. The project has a total of 469 units.
Murals Condominiums is a new condo development by Forest Green Homes currently in preconstruction at 4585 Highway 7, Vaughan. Sales for available units start from the $300,000's.Murals Condominiums has a total of 126 units, sizes range up to 1280 square feet.
".I have never seen a wild thing sorry for itself. A little bird will fall dead, frozen from a bough, without ever having felt sorry for itself"
Story is the foundation of all entertainment. You must have a good story, otherwise it's just masturbation.
Do you have a question something like, how much days, hours, minutes and seconds have been left until the end of the year?
If it's up to me, I think that you should know how much time there is... you should know what do you have in your hands and what
We all had a fun time, and we were ready for the . Since the weekend was coming up, I asked for went
Inspire your employees, consumers, or students to . We all had a fun time, and we were ready for the now
We all had a fun time, and we were ready for the . However, personally I suggest these places to tought
We all had a fun time, and we were ready for the . However, personally I suggest these places to instead
We all had a fun time, and we were ready for the . However, personally I suggest these places to today
We all had a fun time, and we were ready for the . Since the weekend was coming up, I asked for hear
Inspire your employees, consumers, or students to . Inspire your employees, consumers, or students to next
We all had a fun time, and we were ready for the . However, personally I suggest these places to turn
Inspire your employees, consumers, or students to . We all had a fun time, and we were ready for the hill
Inspire your employees, consumers, or students to . Inspire your employees, consumers, or students to more
Since the weekend was coming up, I asked for . Inspire your employees, consumers, or students to more
We all had a fun time, and we were ready for the . However, personally I suggest these places to box
Inspire your employees, consumers, or students to . We all had a fun time, and we were ready for the bezpieczenstwo
Shemale Dubai is an online escort directory gathering adult classifieds from Shemale Dubai. We are not an agency. The ads were posted by users of the ShemaleDubai.me, who announce
I am Cristall TS from Switzerland! I am 25 years old , green eyes , 1.70 height , 70 kg & very horny i am speaking fluent English ,French, German , Italian , Spanish , Greek.
A Louis Philippe period gilded mirror with etched decoration and scrolling pediment with grapes, the gilding worn to attractive patina. Original glass.
Today, Indian government is using computers everywhere so much that it has become a worthwhile target for Trojan and Virus writers. Government recently found out a virus/Trojan doing rounds in their network. It seems to be a custom virus written specifically for this network as it isn’t found anywhere else and isn’t detected by the standard anti-virus and anti-spyware software. They enter the network via an e-mail attachment called “cabnote.doc”. This particular name of the file is same as what is used by the cabinet ministers’ office to send important confidential notes of officials. So the social engineering trick here is that these officials who receive it will eagerly open these documents infecting their machines. Government hasn’t revealed the exact damage this virus causes. They have back traced the source of this virus to an IP address in California, USA. Cyber security cell headed by IB is investigating this further. They have come up with a set of guidelines to counter this type of threat in future. The challenge the government is facing now is to implement the guidelines. The guideline mainly translates to get the government officials who lack computer proficiency to be taken through a sensitization program. As of now all government departments are on high alert regarding this issue.
Although, India, a nation of billion people, majority of who are still poor and uneducated, we are a nuclear state and have quite a significant role to play in south Asian sub continent. In this age of terrorism tearing nations apart, we need to protect ourselves against any kind of external forces, physical or virtual, trying to harm us. As computer penetration in this country’s administration increases, the cyber threat becomes more real than ever. As our President put it, Open source software is the only way to help our nation of billion people. With open source software we can build the in-house expertise that will not go obsolete every time a closed source software vendor decides to change his business model. With this in-house expertise it will be possible to protect ourselves much better against all future threats as we can adapt to the changing scenarios more quickly and cost-effectively and be more proactive than reactive.
In this blog, I occasionally write down the random thoughts that come to me on a lazy day. It's just for the fun of looking back after many years and wonder why I wrote it.
breakfast with the kPractice Questionsg Exam Questions Vce queen, she told them what a sPractice Questionsgular dream she Cisco Certified Network Associate Cisco CCNA Certified Network Associate durPractice Questionsg the night, IT Certification Dumps PDF 2018 Exam Certified Network Associate a dog CCNA it exam Exam Questions Vce a soldier, that she Cisco Certified Network Associate ridden on the dog s back, Exam Questions Vce been kissed by the soldier. That is a very pretty story, Practice Questionsdeed, said the queen. So the next night one IT Certification Dumps PDF 2018 Exam Certified Network Associate the old ladies Cisco Certification IT Certification Dumps PDF 2018 Exam Certified Network Associate.the court was set to watch by the prPractice Questionscess s bed, to discover whether it really was a dream, or. what else it might be. The soldier longed very much to see the prPractice Questionscess once more, so he sent for the dog agaPractice Questions Practice Questions the night to fetch her, Exam Questions Vce to run with her as fast as ever he could. certification study guide 100 free Vce files LeadPractice Questions
1 OUSL Journal (2016) Vol. 10, (pp ) Impact of Inlet Drying Temperature in Endless Chain Pressure Dryers on the Quality Characteristics of Leafy Type of Tea Produced Using Different Leaf Standards S. Kavish 1, W. S. Botheju 2, C. S. De Silva 1* 1 Department of Agricultural and Plantation Engineering, The Open University of Sri Lanka. 2 Tea Research Institute of Sri Lanka, Talawakelle Abstract This study was carried out to investigate the appropriate higher inlet drying temperatures in Endless Chain Pressure (ECP) dryers to assess the improvement of quality characteristic of Orthodox type of tea of seven grades (OP, OP1, PEKOE, FBOPF, FBOP, FBOPF1 and OPA) produced using three different standards of leaves. Selected Leaf standards were 40%, 50%, and 60% of good leaves (fine plucking of two leaves and a bud). Two different drying temperatures, 205 o F as the control and 230 o F as the treatment, selected for this study. Pilot scale Orthodox rollers with a capacity of 15 kg withered leaves were used to undertake Pure Orthodox manufacturing process. Experiment was conducted in triplicate for each leaf standard at two different drying temperatures. Dried tea samples were separated into seven grades namely OP, OP1, PEKOE, FBOPF, FBOP, FBOPF1 and OPA. Graded tea samples were organoleptically assessed for their liquoring properties such as infused leaf color, liquor color and strength, quality and the appearance of graded tea by professional tea tasters in Colombo. Results revealed that there was no significant difference in liquoring properties of made tea produced at higher drying inlet temperature against dryer temperature of 205 o F for three different standards of leaf. It indicates that higher inlet drying temperature does not influence the overall quality of the liquor. However, a trend was observed that tea produced with 60% good leaves, gave better *Correspondence should be addressed to Prof. C. S. De Silva, Department of Agricultural and Plantation Engineering, Faculty of Engineering Technology, The Open University of Sri Lanka ( 73
2 S. Kavish et al liquoring properties at 205 o F than the higher inlet temperature. Therefore, when there is 60% good leaves, maintaining higher inlet temperature for drying has not gained any advantage to produce tea with better liquor quality. The appearance of OPA, PEKOE, FBOP and FBOPF grades showed a significant difference when there is only 40% good leaves at higher inlet temperature of 230 o F. The appearance of OP, OP1 and FBOPF1 grades did not show a significant difference at higher inlet temperature for all three leaf standards of 40%, 50% and 60% good leaves. Therefore, better appearance can be achieved by maintaining higher inlet temperature of 230 o F when there is only 40% good leaves. Keywords: Endless Chain Pressure dryer, infused leaf, Leaf standard, liquor color and strength, pilot scale manufacture. Introduction Tea estates are ranked according to the net sale monthly average price and to date average price. Some estates in the same region are at the top of the ranking while others are in the middle or at the bottom due to the price variation of their net sale average (NSA). One reason for the demand for their tea grades may be good manufacturing practices in addition to maintaining better leaf standards. Leaf standards mean the percentage of good leaves (fine plucking). The leaf standard varies from estate to estate based on the harvesting policy adopted. Green leaf is the raw material for black tea processing and it is important to have a good quality black tea. Good leaf is named as Tender leaf that consists of two leaves and the bud (Fine plucking) (Tubb, 1999). Hundred percent good leaves are not practicable. Therefore, Tea Research Institute (TRI) recommends 60-65% of good leaves (on count basis) to ensure better quality of the end product (Robert, 2008). Also product consistency has a significant impact on achieving better colour and taste (Samaraweera and Ziyad, 2008). In tea drying inlet temperature of ºF and exhaust temperature of ºF represent the normal range of temperature used in Endless Chain Pressure (ECP) dryer (Jayaratnam and Kirthisinghe, 1974). Most of the low country tea producers increase the drying temperature higher than the 74
3 Impact of inlet drying temperature in Endless Chain Pressure dryers on leafy type of tea recommended level (190 ºF) with a view to improve the appearance/ blackness. However, they do not have a clear idea about the potential impact on liquoring properties of made tea while increasing inlet temperature higher than the recommended level. In this study, an attempt was made to find out whether there is a correlation between the leaf standards (40%, 50% and 60% good leaves) and inlet drying temperature levels for seven tea grades. Further, attempt was also made to determine/compare final made tea quality at both higher inlet temperatures and at recommended drying temperature levels. Objective of this experiment was to study the impact of different inlet temperatures of the ECP dryer on the quality of made tea of seven grades produced from different leaf standards and to assess the liquoring properties and appearance of leafy type of graded tea Organoleptically. Methodology The experiment was conducted at Processing and Technology Division, Tea Research Institute of Sri Lanka at St. Coombs Estate, Talawakelle. The Agro ecological zone of the area is WU3. Tea leaves used for this experiment were collected from factory withering troughs, which were dominated by shoots of TRI 2025 cultivar. Leaf standard of normal estate plucking policy varies from day to day. Three different leaf standards were selected for this study which was 40%, 50% and 60% good leaves (fine plucking). Fine plucking means two leaves and a bud which gives rise to bright red liquor both in plain and milky teas (Naheed et al, 2007). Before the leaves were collected for the experiment, and leaf standard was calculated by picking leaf samples randomly from the trough and determining the good leaf percentage. If the percentage of the leaves was similar to the experimental standard, trough was selected for the experiment. In this study, 230 o F inlet drying air temperature was selected as the treatment while 205 o F as the control for ECP dryer. The reason for selecting 230 o F was that most of the low country tea producers are using this temperature. Six treatment combinations are shown in the Table
4 S. Kavish et al Table 1. Treatment plan of the experiment Leaf standard-good leaves (%) Inlet Temperature 40 (L1) 50 (L2) 60 (L3) 205 o F (T1) L1T1 L2T1 L3T1 230 o F (T2) L1T2 L2T2 L3T2 Types of Plucking Usually shoots with two leaves and the bud are fine plucking. Tea shoots with more than two leaves during the low cropping season is considered as coarse plucking. However, shoots with three leaves and a bud are also accepted as fine plucking during the high cropping season due to the tenderness of the third leaf (Botheju, 2001). The factory trough consisted of a mixture of shoots; bud and two leaves, bud and three leaves, soft banji bud (undeveloped) with two tender leaves, (described as fine leaf plucking) mother leaves/coarse leaves and damaged leaves, which are considered as fish leaf plucking or hard plucking (Figure 1). First leaf Bud Third Leaf Second leaf Fine Plucking (2 leaves and bud) Fish leaf Hard plucking Figure 1. Tea leaves (Tender leaves and coarse leaves) Experimental Design Experiment was carried out as a 2 factor factorial design (i.e. three different leaf standards (40%, 50% and 60% good leaves of fine plucking) and two drying inlet temperatures (205 o F and 230 o F) with 76
5 Impact of inlet drying temperature in Endless Chain Pressure dryers on leafy type of tea three replicates per each treatment combinations. Procedure in Made Tea Plucked leaves were withered on factory withering troughs for hours until its moisture was reduced to 55-57% (Roberts, 2008). Withered leaf samples (50 g) drawn from withering trough in duplicate were used to test moisture content. After completion of the withering process, withered leaves were processed separately for treatment samples and control samples using set of medium sized pilot scale manufacturing machines available at St. Coombs factory. In the process of manufacturing, weighed (15 kg) withered leaves were rolled using single action pilot scale Orthodox roller. After rolling for 30 min period, rolled leaves were discharged and separated to even size particles (dhool) using pilot scale oscillatory type roll breaker. No 4 mesh fixed to roll breaker was used to separate tea dhool. The rolling operation was continued until big bulk percentage reached to about 32%. Each dhool (1 st and 2 nd dhool) from the treatment and control samples were mixed and spread on clean fermenting trays separately for about 5 cm height to facilitate fermentation. The humidity level of the fermenting area was maintained using humidifiers in order to keep hygrometric difference below 3 o F (Samaraweera, 1986). After about a 3 hour fermentation period, fermented dhools were subjected for drying using ECP dryer. Hot air required for drying was generated using electrical heating element that has five different power ratings. In this study, drying inlet temperature of air selected for treatment sample was 230 o F whilst for the control sample it was 205 o F. Exhaust air temperature of the dryer outlet was maintained at 135 o F. The residence time was approximately 21 min. Dried tea from treatment and control samples were graded using hand sieves. The sieve sizes such as No.4, No.5, No.8, No.10, No.12, and No.16 were used to obtain seven different grades; OPA, OP, OP1, PEKOE, FBOP, FBOPF1 and FBOPF (Figure 77
6 S. Kavish et al OPA OP OP1 PEKOE FBOP FBOPF1 FBOPF Used sieve numbers for grading No.4, No.6, No.8, No.10, No.12 and No.16 Figure 2. Different grades of Tea 16 Tea Tasting Graded tea samples were sent for tea tasters evaluation in Colombo and assessed for organoleptic qualities or liquoring properties based on the characters such as infused leaf color, tea liquor color, strength, quality and flavor. Liquoring properties and appearance of 126 tea samples produced were evaluated by specialized tea tasters. Liquoring Properties Sensory evaluation of tea quality depends on visual observation, smelling and tasting senses by tea evaluation specialists to determine the tea quality. In this method the taster judges the quality parameters by assessing the physical attributes of liquor and infused leaf of the tea. Based on the tasters evaluation marks, Overall Quality was calculated by using different liquoring properties such as infused leaf colour, liquor colour and strength, quality and flavor for three different leaf standards (40%, 50% and 60% good leaves) of individual grades. 78
7 Impact of inlet drying temperature in Endless Chain Pressure dryers on leafy type of tea Infused Leaf Analyzing the infused leaf allows the taster to set certain impressions of the tea before tasting. The most important part of a taster's palate is a sense of smell. Infused leaf can inform smells indicating problems in production, storage or the presence of certain regional characteristics. Bright appearance indicates bright liquors. Lack of brightness usually denotes poor tea. Colour Liquor colour is one of the most important quality parameters of tea. Liquor colour is considered the qualifying factor for quality. The variation of liquor colour from greenish to yellow to deep brown or blackish brown is mainly due to the extent of thevafalvins (TF) and thearubigins (TR) formation during manufacturing of the tea. The perfect colour of infused leaf is bright copper or red (Biswas, 2014). Strength This denotes substance in liquor and is generally described by a qualifying adjective such as strong, very strong or fair strength. Liquor colour is a good guide to strength; pale and light looking tea liquors generally have less strength than coloury liquors. Within grades from the same estate, strength normally follows colour and the colouriest grades, usually Dusts are the strongest. Quality This is the essential characteristic of a good tea and is an impression derived from the palate when tea liquor is tasted. Although it is not possible to explain what quality in tea actually tastes like, it is possible to say that common, coarse and plain liquors are severely lacking in this quality. Flavor Flavor is a most noticeable aroma, which is sensed through the mouth as different from the nose. The most delicate flavors are found on estates at high elevations. Sri Lankan teas from high elevations are popular for their fine flavor liquors, with seemingly limitless flavors. Researchers have identified five flavors that cause taste sensation (sweet, bitter, sour, salty, and savory). But tasting is actually much more complex. 79
8 S. Kavish et al Overall quality The term overall quality is used as a description of all the characters of tea by which it is judged on its market value. Overall quality means the summation of the desirable attributes of the characters like infused leaf, colour, strength, quality and flavor in this experiment. Results and Discussion Liquoring Properties No significant difference was observed for overall quality of OP graded tea samples produced by treatment at 230 o F inlet temperature and control at 205 o F inlet temperature for three different leaf standards of 40%, 50% and 60% good leaves (Figure 3). However, in OP grade of 60% good leaves, there was an increase in overall quality at 205 o F compared with 230 o F. Therefore, it is indicated that there was an advantage of using drying inlet temperature at 205 o F to produce tea with better liquoring properties when there is 60% good leaves. However, when there is only 40% good leaves, inlet temperature at 230 o F may increase the overall quality. Figure 3. Overall qualities of OP grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards 80
9 Impact of inlet drying temperature in Endless Chain Pressure dryers on leafy type of tea With respect to OP1 grade of 60% good leaves there was an increase in overall quality at 205 o F compared with 230 o F (Figure 4). Therefore, it is indicated that there was an advantage of using drying inlet temperature at 205 o F to produce tea with better liquoring properties when there is 60% good leaves. Figure 4. Overall qualities of OP1 grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards No significant difference was observed for overall quality of PEKOE graded tea samples produced by treatment at 230 o F inlet temperature and control at 205 o F inlet temperature for three different leaf standards (Figure 5). However, in PEKOE grade of 60% good leaves, there was an increase in overall quality at 205 o F compared with 230 o F. Therefore, it indicated that there was an advantage of using drying inlet temperature at 205 o F to produce PEKOE grade tea with better liquoring properties when there is 60% good leaves. No significant difference was observed for overall quality of OPA graded tea samples produced by treatment at 230 o F inlet temperature and control at 205 o F inlet temperature for three different leaf standards (Figure 6). However, in OPA grade of 60% good leaves, there was an increase in overall quality at 205 o F compared with 230 o F. Further, when there are 50% good leaves, also there is also an increase in overall quality at 230 o F drying inlet temperature. 81
10 S. Kavish et al Figure 5. Overall qualities of PEKOE grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards Figure 6. Overall qualities of OPA grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards. No significant difference was observed for overall quality of FBOP graded tea samples produced by treatment at 230 o F inlet temperature and control at 205 o F inlet temperature for all three different leaf standards (Figure 7). However, in FBOP grade of 60% good leaves, there was an increase in overall quality at 205 o F compared with 230 o F. Whereas, when there is 40% good leaves, overall quality may increase at drying inlet temperature of 230 o F. Results revealed that no significant difference was observed for overall quality of FBOPF1 graded tea samples produced by treatment 82
11 Impact of inlet drying temperature in Endless Chain Pressure dryers on leafy type of tea at 230 o F inlet temperature and control at 205 o F inlet temperature for three different leaf standards (Figure 8). However, in FBOPF1 grade, there was an increase in overall quality at 205 o F compared with 230 o F for all three percentages (60%, 50% and 40%) of good leaves. Figure 7. Overall qualities of FBOP grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards Figure 8. Overall qualities of FBOPF1 grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards. 83
12 S. Kavish et al According to the analysis of variance procedure, no significant difference was observed for overall quality (at the alpha level of 0.05) of FBOPF graded tea samples produced by treatment at 230 o F inlet temperature and control at 205 o F inlet temperature for three different leaf standards (Figure 9). However, in FBOBF grade of 60% leaf standard, there was an increase in overall quality at 205 o F compared with 230 o F. Therefore, it indicated that there was an advantage of using drying inlet temperature at 205 o F to produce tea with better liquoring properties when the leaf standard is 60% good leaves. When all seven grades viz. OP, OP1, PEKOE, OPA, FBOP, FBOPF1, and FBOPF were considered, it was clearly shown that there was an advantage of using inlet temperature for drying at 205 o F in ECP dryer when the leaf standard is 60% of good leaves in pure Orthodox manufacture to achieve good overall quality of liquoring properties even though the treatments are not significant (Table 2). Figure 9. Overall qualities of FBOPF grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards 84
13 Impact of inlet drying temperature in Endless Chain Pressure dryers on leafy type of tea Table 2. Mean values of overall qualities of seven different grades for treatment and control drying temperature for three different leaf standards (a) treatment combination, (b) Leaf Standard (%) (a) (b) Temp ( o F) Overall qualities of Grades OPA OP OP1 PEKOE FBOP FBOPF 1 FBOPF L1T a 17.6 a 20 a 18 a 20.7 a 23.3 a 23.7 a L1T a 19.7 a 19.6 a 18 a 21.6 a 21 a 22.7 a L2T a 16.6 a 18.3 a 19 a 20.3 a 21 a 21 a L2T a 16.7 a 18.3 a 19 a 19 a 20 a 21.7 a L3T a 20.3 a 19.7 a 22.3 a 24 a 25.3 a 24.3 a L3T a 17 a 18 a 18.7 a 19.7 a 19.7 a 21 a Means with the same letter are not significantly different. This is because the production of quality black tea depends on the concentration of chemical compounds in young and tender leaves. The chemical constituents of leaf are located in compartments or cells within the leaf. Also, leaf contains a group of proteins called enzymes. The enzymes are responsible for controlling all processes within the cell. One important enzyme for tea manufacture is the polyphenol oxidase which has the ability of reacting with the polyphenols present in leaf. The coarse leaves and stems have a low concentration of enzymes and chemical constituents compared to the tender leaves (Robert, 2008). The quality of made tea depends on the presence of desirable compounds, undesirable compounds, and the feeling and sensitiveness of taste. The tea tasters evaluate the quality by a different number of parameters and they use different terms to express the quality (Wickramasinghe, 1978). However, biochemical ratio between thearubigin (TR) and theafavin (TF) is used to evaluate the quality of tea. The quality is mainly depends on two classes of substances called theafavin (TF) and thearubigin (TR). The taste is also associated with the oxidation process. The optimum fermentation condition is required for better taste by producing the correct combination of TR and TF. Under fermentation may 85
14 S. Kavish et al contribute to the bitterness of the cup of tea due to unoxidized poly phenols. Over fermentation may hide the strength of the made tea. Appearance of made tea The appearance of seven graded made tea samples from treatment and control temperatures and three different leaf standards of 40%, 50% and 60% of good leaves were evaluated by professional tasters by comparison. Samples were visually observed to determine the blackness from both higher inlet temperature and the control temperature. Blackness of all graded tea samples manufactured from both 230 o F inlet temperature and 205 o F control temperature were analyzed by statistical analysis system ANOVA procedure followed by Duncan s Multiple Range Test (p < 0.05). Analysis for PEKOE, OPA, FBOP and FBOPF grades Figure 10 shows the blackness of PEKOE grade. According to the graph, more blackness was received for higher inlet drying temperature of 230 o F for 40% and 60% good leaves standards compared to control temperature. The blackness of PEKOE grade tea produced at different temperature showed significant difference according to the analysis of variance (ANOVA). According to the analysis of variance (ANOVA) procedure, there was a significant difference (P value is smaller than 0.05 significance level < ) among the mean blackness of OPA tea grade with respect to different inlet temperature combinations (Figure 11). More blacker in colour was received for 40% and 60% good leaves at higher inlet temperature (230 o F). It indicated that higher inlet temperature (230 o F) for 40% and 60% of good leaves produces a blacker appearance than control temperature (205 o F). 86
15 Impact of inlet drying temperature in Endless Chain Pressure dryers on leafy type of tea Figure 10. Overall blackness of PEKOE grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards (Means with different letters represent significant different at 5% level) Figure 11. Overall blackness of OPA grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards The result indicated that there is a significant effect (p = ) on blackness of FBOP grade with treatment combinations according to the analysis of variance (ANOVA) procedure. Both 40% and 60% of good leaves resulted more blackness at the higher inlet drying temperature (230 o F) compared to control temperature (205 o F). Hence, there is no significant effect on 50% of good leaves from both temperature levels. 87
16 S. Kavish et al Figure 12. Overall blackness of FBOP grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards Blackness of FBOPF tea grade significantly varied (P = ) with the different treatment means according to the analysis of variance (ANOVA). More blackness was received at higher inlet drying temperature (230 o F) for 40% and 60% of good leaves (Figure 13). Therefore, higher inlet drying temperature for 40 % and 60% of good leaves of FBOPF tea grade gives a blacker colour compared to control temperature. Figure 13. Overall blackness of FBOPF grades at 205 o F and 230 o F for three different leaf standards 88
17 Impact of inlet drying temperature in Endless Chain Pressure dryers on leafy type of tea The appearance of OPA, PEKOE, FBOP and FBOPF grades showed a significant difference in blackness when the leaf standard was 40% of good leaves at 230 o F inlet temperature (Figure 14). Figure 14. Overall appearances of OPA, PEKOE, FBOP, FBOPF grades at 40% of good leaves with 205 o F and 230 o F Analysis for OP, OP1 and FBOPF1 grades According to the analysis of variance (ANOVA) procedure, there was no significant difference of appearance observed for the grades of OP, OP1 and FBOPF1 for different leaf standards and higher inlet drying temperatures (at the alpha level of 0.05). Therefore, it indicates that there was no appearance difference observed at the control and higher inlet drying temperature for the different grades. Conclusions and Recommendations Results revealed that there was no significant difference in liquoring properties of made tea produced at higher drying inlet temperature (230 o F) when compared to 205 o F for the three different leaf standards of 40%, 50% and 60% of good leaves tested. Therefore, overall liquoring quality of made tea has no strong correlation between treatments according to the analysis. However, a trend was observed for tea produced using 60% good leaves (leaf standard) which gave better liquoring properties at 205 o F than the higher inlet temperature (230 o F). Therefore, when the leaf standard is good (60% of good leaves), maintaining higher inlet temperature (230 o F) for 89
18 S. Kavish et al drying has not resulted in a specific advantage in relation to liquor quality. Therefore, it can be concluded that an effective way to reach the final quality of made tea by saving power and energy is to use the 205 o F inlet drying temperature in the ECP dryer. However, when the leaf standard is low, only 40% of good leaves using higher inlet drying temperature (230 o F) will enhance the appearance or blackness in tea grades of OPA, PEKOE, FBOP and FBOPF. The appearance of OP, OP1 and FBOPF1 grades did not show a significant difference at higher inlet temperature in relation to all three leaf standards (40%, 50% and 60% of good leaves). Therefore, a better appearance can be achieved by maintaining higher inlet drying temperature for leaf standard for only 40% of good leaves. References Botheju, W. S. (2001). Effect of plucking standard on profitability of made tea produced in Uva region, M Phil Thesis, University of Peradeniya. Biswas., P. (2014). Sensing technology; current status and future trends II) pp Jayaratnam, S. and D. Kirthisinghe, D. (1974). On the method of Orthodox manufacture and its effect on grade outturns and made tea characteristics 2 - The influence of hard rolling and high drying temperatures. Tea Q. 44(2 and 3) Roberts, G. R. (2008). Principals of tea manufacture. Hand book on tea. pp Samaraweera D. S. A. and S. Ziyad, (2008). Technology of tea processing, Handbook on Tea, Tea Research Institute of Sri Lanka, pp
TwinN as source of nitrogen in tea Abstract Field experiments, which were set up in 2010 at Nsuwadzi tea research station in Mulanje and Makandi tea estate in Thyolo to establish yield and quality response
Seasonal Flush 2016 UVA REGION Kelliebedde Estate Pekoe Handpicked 09th August 2016 (batch size 60kg) Kelliebedde Estate Kelliebedde Estate is located in Haputale on a tea covered plateau at an elevation
AWRI Refrigeration Demand Calculator Resources and expertise are readily available to wine producers to manage efficient refrigeration supply and plant capacity. However, efficient management of winery
Step 1: Brownie batter was prepared for each oil variation following the recipe on the Betty Crocker brownie mix box.
Title: The effects of substituting coconut oil in brownies Abstract: In baking brownies, canola oil was replaced with coconut oil in the same amount to test the effect on texture, flavor and overall satisfaction.
Grape Growers of Ontario Developing key measures to critically look at the grape and wine industry March 2012 Background and scope of the project Background The Grape Growers of Ontario GGO is looking
Journal of Wine Economics, Volume 2, Number 1, Spring 2007, Pages 98 102 A Note on a Test for the Sum of Ranksums* Richard E. Quandt a I. Introduction In wine tastings, in which several tasters (judges)
Influence of Cultivar and Planting Date on Strawberry Growth and Development in the Low Desert Michael A. Maurer and Kai Umeda Abstract A field study was designed to determine the effects of cultivar and
25 Marks (I) Anaerobic Cell Respiration by Yeast BACKGROUND: Yeast are tiny single-celled (unicellular) fungi. The organisms in the Kingdom Fungi are not capable of making their own food. Fungi, like any
Evaluation of Quality Characteristics and Microbial Contamination of Saffron Samples Dried by Microwave
How to fine-tune your wine Fining agents help remove undesirable elements or compounds to improve the quality of wine. Fining is not just used in wines for bottle preparation, in some cases there are more
A Salty Solution " " Consider This! Why do road crews put salt on roads in the winter to keep them safe?
A Salty Solution Consider This! Why do road crews put salt on roads in the winter to keep them safe? The answer to the above question can be answered by studying how ice cream is made. How great is that?
RELATION OF TEMPERATURE AND HUMIDITY TO MADE TEA E. L. Keegel The part that temperature and humidity play in the manufacture of tea and the influence of these two factors on its liquoring characteristics
2014 Crop Merit 57 Pilot Malting and Brewing Trials 3/27/2015 2014 Crop Merit 57 Pilot Malting and Brewing Trials Summary CMBTC conducted a pilot malting and a pilot brewing trial with a 2014 crop barley
Introduction Rapid Tests for Edible Soybean Quality J.A. Andrews, G Batten and L.G. Gaynor, NSW Agriculture, Yanco Industry specifications for edible soybeans have been based on seed size, condition of
Sensory Evaluations of Advanced Specialty Potato s Steven R. James and Charles R. Brown Abstract Sensory evaluations were performed on an array of specialty potato selections as part of a field day held
Objective: The most common way beef ages is through wet aging (vacuum packaging). During the aging process the vacuum packed meat is in contact with meat serum (drip loss), which can cause negative sensory
Experiment 2: ANALYSIS FOR PERCENT WATER IN POPCORN Purpose: The purpose is to determine and compare the mass percent of water and percent of duds in two brands of popcorn. Introduction: When popcorn kernels
COFFEE BASICS The Elements of Proper Brewing and Creating an Ideal Coffee Drinking Experience SCAA WATER THE ELEMENTS OF PROPER BREWING Fresh, good-tasting water is essential since it makes up more than
Chapter LEARNING OBJECTIVES: After reading this chapter learners would be able to: 1. understand the origin of tea. 2. understand the different types of tea. 3. know the process of manufacture of tea.
Name: _Due Date: Prerequisite: FOD1010: Food Basics COURSE FOD 3030: CREATIVE BAKING Description: Students learn about specialty cakes and pastry products by selecting and creating specialty cakes, pastries,
Colored Malt Products June 23, 2012 Robert Seggewiss 3/07/2012 1 What is Malt? Malt is a source of carbohydrates, proteins and other nutrients which are fermented by yeast to produce beer Malt for brewing
MGEX Spring Wheat 213 The Minneapolis Grain Exchange, Inc. (MGEX) has been the principal market for hard red spring (HRS) wheat since 1881, offering futures and options contracts based on this unique commodity.
Enhanced Maturity Trial 2016- Wine Evaluation Isosceles Vineyard, Te Mata Estates Maraekakaho Rd, SH50, Hastings November 2016 Prepared by: Helen Henry Reviewed by: Ant Mackenzie Consultant winemaker Hawke
Coffee weather report November 10, 2017. awhere, Inc., an agricultural intelligence company, is pleased to provide this map-and-chart heavy report focused on the current coffee crop in Brazil. Global stocks
University of California Tulare County Cooperative Extension Science of Sun Dried Raisins Bill Peacock and Pete Christensen Pub. RG4-96 Raisin drying is mostly an "art" based on observation and experience.
Grapes of Class. Investigative Question: What changes take place in plant material (fruit, leaf, seed) when the water inside changes state?
Grapes of Class 1 Investigative Question: What changes take place in plant material (fruit, leaf, seed) when the water inside changes state? Goal: Students will investigate the differences between frozen,
Comparison of three methods of packaging for the ageing/maturation of beef (dry ageing, ageing in a permeable vacuum pack and standard vacuum packaging) Report prepared by Kim Matthews EBLEX (A division
Biology 30S Unit #1 Wellness & Homeostasis Passive Transport Investigation So far we have looked at some basic cell physiology. The following investigation is designed to help you visualize the three major
Determination of the concentration of caffeine, theobromine, and gallic acid in commercial tea samples
Determination of the concentration of caffeine, theobromine, and gallic acid in commercial tea samples Janna Erickson Department of Chemistry, Concordia College, 901 8 th St S, Moorhead, MN 56562 Abstract
Are you an enthusiastic professional with a passion for ensuring the highest quality and service for your teams? At Java Republic we are currently expanding, so we are looking for an Roaster/Production
Research Report: Use of Geotextiles to Reduce Freeze Injury in Ontario Vineyards Prepared by Dr. Jim Willwerth CCOVI, Brock University February 26, 20 1 Cool Climate Oenology & Viticulture Institute Brock
VQA Ontario Quality Assurance Processes - Tasting Sensory evaluation (or tasting) is a cornerstone of the wine evaluation process that VQA Ontario uses to determine if a wine meets the required standard
Introduction Many unique strains of Belgian- style ale yeast are available through commercial yeast suppliers. Many are mainstays in the product lineup and some are limited, seasonal offerings. With so
Perceptual Mapping and Opportunity Identification Dr. Chris Findlay Compusense Inc. What are we trying to accomplish? Outline Sensory experience of consumers Descriptive Analysis What is a Perceptual Map?
1. Determine methods that can be used to form curds and whey from milk. 2. Explain the Law of Conservation of Mass using quantitative observations.
Food Explorations Lab III: Maintaining Mass STUDENT LAB INVESTIGATIONS Name: Lab Overview In this investigation, you will make qualitative and quantitative observations as you test three possible methods
Tea Statistics Report 215 Introduction This report presents the scope and scale of the UTZ tea program in 215. Throughout this report tea also includes rooibos unless otherwise specified. The statistics
Unit F: Harvesting Fruits and Nuts Lesson 2: Grade, Pack, Store and Transport Fruits and Nuts 1 I. After the fruit and nuts are safely harvested, they need to be graded so they can be sold at market. 2
KASPAR SCHULZ SINCE 1677 From technology To taste -Overview - KASPAR SCHULZ innovative and international manufacturer of brewhouses and brewery equipment Solutions for customers worldwide operating in
1 J. Chin. Inst. Chem. Engrs., Vol. 34, No. 4, , 2003 Short communication Parametric Studies on Batch Alcohol Fermentation Using Saccharomyces Yeast Extracted from Toddy K. Pramanik Department of Chemical Engineering, Regional Engineering College Warangal, Warangal , Andhra Pradesh, India Abstract The present study deals with the development of a Saccharomyces cerevisiae yeast strain from toddy and the study of important process parameters which will facilitate the fermentation of sugar to alcohol using the developed strain. Evaluation of the yeast strain was performed in a batch fermenter of 1 L capacity under varying ph, temperature, sugar concentration, inoculum time and medium constituents. The optimum ph and temperature were found to be 4.25 and 30 C. The present yeast strain was found to be efficient to ferment 200 g/l sugar solution without any difficulty and 90 g/l ethanol was formed with an ethanol yield based on sugar utilized of The fermentation time was reduced from 96 to 63 hours by increasing the inoculum time from 12 to 48 hours. From the study of the nutrient composition it was established that beef extract can be substituted for costly yeast extract. A higher concentration and yield of ethanol were obtained using a yeast strain developed from toddy compared to bakers yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Key Words : Alcohol, Fermentation, Ethanol, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Toddy INTRODUCTION Due to rapid depletion of world petroleum reserves and it s rising prices day by day, new sources of hydrocarbons must be found to supply our chemical and energy needs (Sitton and Gaddy, 1980; Lee et al., 1983). In this context alcohol fermentation offers promising alternative as it can be produced from various sources of raw materials. In view of increasing importance of alcohol as an alternative source for chemicals & liquid fuel, a great deal of research interest in ethanol fermentation has been generated in the last two decades (Vega et al., 1987; Deway et al., 1984; Mancilha et al., 1984; Converti et al., 1985). The overwhelming advantage of fermentation is that the raw materials are renewable, but at present, the major draw back of alcohol fermentation is that the cost of production is high due to several factors. Keeping this in view, improvements in ethanol fermentation have been focused on taking up of renewed interest in research works in several areas such as use of improved mutant strains, yeast strain development from cheaper sources, use of cheaper source of raw materials (renewable source), optimum reactor design, better nutrients for optimum cell growth etc. (Mancilha et al., 1984; Converti et al., 1985; Gregory et al., 1984; Shiyun et al., 1987; Torres et al., 1986; Tobias et al., 1983). Toddy is produced abundantly in India and is easily available. So, it may be used as a cheaper source for the development of a suitable yeast strain for ethanol fermentation. The present study is therefore aimed to develop a suitable biocatalyst from toddy and to determine the favorable conditions under which the yeast will function well, giving a high yield of ethanol. MATERIALS AND METHODS Organism and culture media The Saccharomyces yeast was extracted from toddy using series dilution technique in our laboratory. The yeast was maintained on agar slants containing 1% glucose, 0.5% peptone, 0.3% beef extract, 3% malt extract, and 2% agar-agar. After keeping at room temperature for 5 days the culture was stored at 4 C. Preparation of inocula for fermentation The medium was prepared with 10 g sucrose, 0.2 g beef extract, 0.04 g magnesium sulfate, 0.2 g ammonium sulfate, and 0.5 g KH 2 PO 4. The ph of the solution was adjusted to ph 4.25 with sulfuric acid and then sterilized in an autoclave for 15 min at 15 psi pressure. After the broth was cooled to room
2 488 J. Chin. Inst. Chem. Engrs., Vol. 34, No. 4, 2003 temperature, colonies of the yeast were introduced in to it. Then the culture was kept for growth in an incubator at 30 C and the speed of the agitator was maintained at 110 rpm. Equipment and the experimental procedure A fermenter of one liter capacity, equipped with an agitator, ph, and temperature control systems was used as the batch fermenter in this study. The fermenter was cleaned and steam sterilized at 15 psi for 15 minutes. Then the sterilized medium containing the inoculum was transferred to the fermenter. The temperature of fermentation was maintained within 0.5 C. The ph of the fermentation broth was regulated within ph 0.1 unit by the peristaltic pump which injected a fine stream of sulfuric acid or sodium hydroxide. The fermentations were carried out at atmospheric pressure. The agitator speed was maintained constant through out the experiment at 200 rpm. Analytical procedures The concentrations of ethanol and sugar were monitored spectrophotometrically. Ethanol was determined by measuring OD at 600 nm after standard distillation. The sugar was assayed by OD measurement at 550 nm using DNS reagent. Effect of ph RESULTS AND DISCUSSION The ph has a significant influence on fermentation due to its effect on yeast growth, fermentation rate and by product formation. Therefore maintenance of ph is of paramount importance in fermentation processes. In the present study, the efficiency of the yeast strain was evaluated in the ph range 3.75 to 5.5. The results are shown in Figs. 1 and 2. From Fig. 2. Effect of ph on sugar conversion (sugar 100 g/l, 30 C, inoculum time 24 h). Fig. 1 it is observed that ethanol concentration was in creased steadily with time with all ph values though the rate of production varied considerably. The maximum ethanol concentration of 48 g/l was achieved with ph 4.25 followed by 40 g/l ethanol with ph 5.0. The lower activity of the yeast strain at ph 3.75 is because the ph is too low to activate the enzymes to react. The rate of ethanol production initially was higher at higher ph but maximum ethanol concentration achieved was less than those obtained with ph Figure 2 shows that the sugar concentration was reduced steadily with time for all ph values. However percentage conversion was decreased with increase of ph from 4.25 to 5.5. The time taken for maximum sugar conversion was 72 h for ph 4.25, where as the fermentation time for other ph values was found to be more. From yield calculation data as shown in Table 1 it is indicated that maximum ethanol yield of 0.48 g ethanol/g sugar consumed was obtained with both ph 4.25 and 3.75 which is higher than the yields obtained with ph values 5.0 and 5.5. The lower ethanol yield and sugar conversion obtained with higher ph values was possibly due to the formation of undesired products like glycerol, organic acids etc. at the expense of ethanol. Therefore from the ph study ph 4.25 was found to be the optimum ph value for ethanol fermentation using yeast extracted from toddy. Table 1. Effect of ph on ethanol yield. ph Effect of temperature Fig. 1. Influence of ph on ethanol concentration (sugar 100 g/l, 30 C, inoculum time 24 h). The temperature has a marked influence on the production of biomass and ethanol. Usually, the rate
3 K. Pramanik : Parametric Studies on Batch Alcohol Fermentation Using Saccharomyces Yeast Extracted from Toddy 489 of alcoholic fermentation increases with temperature to an optimum between 30 C and 40 C using conventional yeast. However, both optimum and temperature tolerance for growth and fermentation are strongly strain dependent (Rousseau et al., 1992). Therefore, fermentation experiments were conducted under varying temperature in the range C to see the effect of the newly developed strain towards ethanol production. The results are shown in Figs. 3 and 4. enzyme activity at higher temperatures. So 30 C was found to be optimum with respect to optimum ethanol concentration and rate of reaction. Table 2. Effect of temperature on ethanol yield. Temperature ( C) Effect of sugar concentration Fig. 3. Effect of temperature on ethanol concentration (ph 4.25, sugar 100 g/l, inoculum time 24 h). An interesting research field in alcoholic fermentation is the study of yeast strains able to utilize sugar solutions more concentrated than those generally fermented in usual practice (Converti et al., 1985) and hence it is important to establish the limits of ethanol tolerance of the yeast strain (Shiyun et al., 1987). Therefore the fermentations were conducted with sugar concentrations range from 50 to 250 g/l with an intention to obtain high yield of ethanol in reasonable time. The results shown in Figs. 5 and 6 indicate that ethanol concentration increased with increase in substrate concentration but there was wide variation in Fig. 4. Effect of temperature on sugar conversion (ph 4.25, sugar 100 g/l, inoculum time 24 h). Figure 3 shows that the ethanol concentration increased steadily with time. Though, the rate of production was initially found to be higher at the high temperatures 35 C and 38 C but the optimum ethanol concentration of 48 g/l achieved at 30 C. The sugar concentration as shown in Fig. 4, initially reduced rapidly for higher temperatures and then the rate of substrate consumption became slow comparatively. The percentage conversion of sugar was found to be 100%, 97%, and 87.3% at 30 C, 35 C, and 38 C, respectively. From Table 2 it is indicated that a very high yield of 0.48 was obtained at 30 C which is higher than those obtained with other temperatures studied. The lower efficiency of the yeast towards ethanol formation may be attributed to the loss of Fig. 5. Effect of sugar concentration on ethanol production (ph 4.25, 30 C, inoculum time 24 h). Fig. 6. Effect of sugar concentration on sugar conversion (ph 4.25, 30 C, inoculum time 24 h).
4 490 J. Chin. Inst. Chem. Engrs., Vol. 34, No. 4, 2003 time taken for complete fermentation. Maximum ethanol concentrations of 23.9 g/l, 48 g/l, and 93 g/l were obtained in 50 h, 72 h, and 105 h with 50 g/l, 100 g/l, and 200 g/l sugar solutions. The corresponding conversion of substrate was 100%, 100% and 96%. As was observed for the lower concentration of sugar, the production of ethanol was growth associated only for a short period of time and hence required less fermentation time. There was no difficulty in fermenting solutions containing up to 200 g/l sugar. However when a still higher concentration of sugar, i.e., 250 g/l was fermented, ethanol concentration and sugar conversion were observed to be lower than those obtained with 200 g/l sugar solution. The inhibitory effect of high sugar concentrations for alcoholic fermentation may be due to plasmolysis of yeast cells as reported. Further it was observed that ethanol became inhibitory when its concentration reached about 95 g/l. So, it was found that the new yeast is tolerant of sugar concentrations to at least 200 g/l with an ethanol yield of 0.47 as shown in Table 3 which is comparable to the yield obtained with 100 g/l sugar solution. Complete and efficient fermentation of such highly concentrated sugar solutions is beneficial from energy consumption point of view for distillation of the alcohol. Table 3. Effect of sugar concentration on ethanol yield. Sucrose (g/l) time and therefore required less time for achieving maximum sugar conversion. The high rate of ethanol production and substrate uptake with increase in inoculum time is due to the high cell mass concentration achieved in 48 h and hence time of fermentation was reduced from 96 to 63 h to achieve the maximum ethanol concentration. Table 4. Effect of inoculum time on ethanol yield. Inoculum Time (h) Fig. 7. Effect of growth time on ethanol production (ph 4.25, 30 C, sugar 100 g/l). Variation in inoculum time In fermentation reactions, inoculum time is very important in obtaining maximum ethanol production with minimum time. After the particular cell density is reached the growth phase slows and the life cycle of the yeast deviates from the growth path and produces ethanol. If the cell density is less, more time will be taken for complete fermentation. In the present study, the inoculum for fermentation was grown in incubator for different periods of time 12 h, 24 h, and 48 h and 10 vol% of inoculum was added to the fermenter. Table 4 indicates that the variation in inoculum time did not have any remarkable influence on the yield of ethanol. However, inoculum time had a considerable effect on the overall time of the fermentation. It was observed from Figs. 7 and 8 that the rate of ethanol production was increased with increase in growth Fig. 8. Effect of growth time on sugar conversion (ph 4.25, 30 C, sugar 100 g/l). Variation in medium constituents The competitive position and potential profits from fermentation products are closely tied to the costs of the various components of the production medium. Inoculum medium is usually less expensive. In contrast, a single high cost medium component for the production medium can virtually dictate the selling price of the fermentation product. So attempts should be made to find an alternate low cost re-
5 K. Pramanik : Parametric Studies on Batch Alcohol Fermentation Using Saccharomyces Yeast Extracted from Toddy 491 placement for such a medium component (Casida, 1993). In this context, fermentations were carried out using beef and yeast extracts keeping the other nutrients same. It was observed that there is no significant change in the performance of the new yeast strain towards alcoholic fermentation using yeast and beef extract as medium constituents as shown in Figs. 9 and 10. In fact, a slightly higher concentrations and yields of ethanol were obtained with beef extract within the same fermentation time. Therefore, it is evident that beef extract which is cheaper than yeast extract can be used as medium component in alcoholic fermentation. Alcoholic fermentation was carried out to find the suitability of the new yeast over the performance of the bakers yeast. Table 5 compares the productivity and efficiency of Saccharomyces cerevisiae yeast strain obtained from toddy and bakers yeast. It was observed that about 6 wt% more ethanol was produced by the new yeast compared to the bakers yeast. The yield of ethanol was also higher than the yield obtained with the conventional yeast strain. Table 5. Comparison of Saccharomyces cerevisiae developed from toddy and bakers yeast. Yeast Initial Sugar Conc. (g/l) Fermentation Time (h) Ethanol Conc. (g/l) (g ethanol/g sugar consumed) Baker s yeast Yeast strain (from toddy) CONCLUSION Fig. 9. Effect of medium component on ethanol production (sugar 100 g/l, ph 4.25, 30 C, inoculum time 24 h). The saccharomyces yeast developed from toddy has shown substantial alcohol fermentation activity. It was established in this work that ph 4.25 and 30 C are the optimum ph and temperature. The new yeast strain was able to ferment the sugar solution containing at least 200 g/l sugar and 93 g/l ethanol was obtained with an ethanol yield based on sugar utilized of Inhibition of product was observed above 200 g/l sugar solution. High rate of fermentation was achieved with increase in growth time from 12 to 48 h and hence fermentation time was reduced from 96 to 63 h to obtain optimum ethanol concentration of 48 g/l. The costly addition of yeast extract could be avoided and good growth and ethanol production were obtained using beef extract as medium component. The yeast strain showed better results in terms of both ethanol concentration and ethanol yield compared to a bakers yeast strain. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT The author would like to thank the Microbiology Division of Kakatiya University for helping in the development of yeast strain from toddy. Fig. 10. Effect of medium constituent on sugar conversion (ph 4.25, 30 C, sugar 100 g/l, inoculum time 24 h). Comparison with bakers yeast REFERENCES Casida, L. E., Industrial Microbiology, p.211, JR, Wiley Eastern Ltd., India (1993). Converti, A. P., P. A. Lodi, F. Parisi, and M. D. Borghi, A Kinetic Study of Saccharomyces Strains: Performance at High Sugar Concentrations, Biotechnol. Bioeng., 27, 1108 (1985). Dewey, D. Y. R., Y. J. Kim, and J. H. Kim, Effect of Air Supplement on the Performance of Continuous Ethanol Fermentation System, Biotechnol. Bioeng., 26, 12 (1984). Gregory, P. C., A. M. Carol, and W. M. Inledew, High Gravity Brewing: Effects of Yeast Composition Fermentative
Maziar Safaei Asli. R and D Department of Sarouneh Co. (Fruit Juice Processor Company), Urmia, Iran.
Optimization of Saccharomyces cerevisiae immobilization in bacterial cellulose by adsorption- incubation method
Determination of Alcohol Content of Wine by Distillation followed by Density Determination by Hydrometry
Effects of ammonium sulphate concentration on growth and glycerol production kinetics of two endogenic wine yeast strains
Indian Journal of Biotechnology Vol 7, January 2008, pp 89-93 Effects of ammonium sulphate concentration on growth and glycerol production kinetics of two endogenic wine yeast strains S Karasu Yalçın and
Co-inoculation and wine Chr. Hansen Fermentation Management Services & Products A definition of co-inoculation Co-inoculation is the term used in winemaking when yeasts (used to manage alcoholic fermentations
Alcohol management in the winery David Wollan, VA Filtration/Memstar Pty Ltd (On behalf Steve Clarkson) Options for lower wine alcohol Pick grapes earlier (Get it right in the vineyard) Wait for new yeast
Administrative and technical viewpoints are often widely divergent, but mutuality of purpose should provide adequate and effective arrangements whereby the technical staff and operators clearly understand
Advanced Yeast Handling BFD education Kai Troester Agenda Why yeast storage Short term Long term Yeast Harvesting Yeast washing Sterile techniques Yeast propagation Equipment Why yeast storage Yeast is
White Paper. Dry Ingredient Chilling for Bakery Manufacturers. 02 Dry Ingredient Chilling for Bakery Manufacturers. Abstract Bakery manufacturers know that controlling dough temperature in the mixer is
Determining Acidity of Foods I. Purpose/Objective: The purpose is to identify the normality of a prepared sodium hydroxide solution by titrating samples of KAP. With the known normality of the base solution,
The Reaction of Different Yeast to Different Types of Food Sources By: Samantha Addington, Paulina Manrriquez, Mackenzie Staples, and Zach Morgan Purpose The purpose of this lab was to find out which combination
Organic and inorganic constituents analysis of cane molasses and its affect on microbial fermentation industries
Novozymes & Gusmer Enterprises WINE ENZYMES SOLUTIONS Flotation and VinoClear Classic Presented by Adam Vart and Bill Merz 3 What is Flotation Originally developed for Water treatment 1st applications
Yeast prions: structure, biology and prion-handling systems Supplementary Information Phenotypes of wild [PSI+] strains. Methods Yeast strains UCD#824, UCD#939 and UCD#978 were purchased directly from
P d t Diff ti ti Product Differentiation September 2011 1 Yeast Products Marketed Are they all the same? Summary of Dried Yeast Products Defined by AAFCO Minimum Contains Contains # Product Name AAFCO
Techno-economic evaluation of an integrated biorefinery using dairy and winery by-products for the microbial oil production
Influence of yeast strain choice on the success of Malolactic fermentation. Nichola Hall Ph.D. Wineries Unlimited, Richmond VA March 29 th 2012
The future since 1918 SIGMA It s the result that counts Advantage comes in the form of the patented SIGMA pressing principle: hermetically sealed, pressing in the filling position, vertical juice extraction,
(2009) Using high pitching rate for improvement of yeast fermentation performance in high gravity brewing Nguyen, T. H. and Viet Man, L. V. Department of Food Technology, Ho Chi Minh City University of
MILK PROCESSING AND PRESERVATION Introduction Milk processing refers to a set of methods and techniques used to transform raw milk into other forms of dairy products consumed by man. Milk processing can
Definition of Honey and Honey Products Approved by the National Honey Board June 15, 1996 Updated September 27, 2003 PART A: HONEY I. Definition Honey is the substance made when the nectar and sweet deposits
EU standards for wines & spirits: Importance in the traceability and control systems EU-China seminar on standards, management and traceability of alcoholic beverages Sylvain NAULIN Beijing - 25 April
Method OIV-MA-AS313-02 Type I method Volatile Acidity 1. Definition The volatile acidity is derived from the acids of the acetic series present in wine in the free state and combined as salts. 2. Principle
Mathur Agar This medium is made up of the following reagents: dextrose, magnesium sulfate, potassium phosphate, neopeptone, yeast extract, and agar.
Inoculum inoculation and media preparation of anthracnose, caused by Colletotrichum lindemuthuianum Halima E. Awale, Michigan State University, EL, MI 48824 Depending on the race of anthracnose you are
PRODUCTION OF BEER Beer is an alcoholic beverage made from malted grains, hops, yeast and water. The grain is usually barley or wheat. Fruits, herbs and spices may also be used for special styles. The
Physical, chemical and microbiological changes in alcoholic fermentation of sugar syrup from cassava flour
FERMENTATION By Jeff Louella Why Understand Fermentation? Understanding the science behind fermentation can greatly affect the quality of beer made. There are some great products on the market to help
Strategies for reducing alcohol concentration in wine Cristian Varela Senior Research Scientist Alcohol in Australian wine 2014 2005 Average 13.6% 14.5% Ethanol Godden et al. 2015 Why is alcohol increasing?
AN OVERVIEW OF THE BREWING PROCESS Jared Long Head Brewer Altitude Chophouse and Brewery jared@altitudechophouse.com Water Objective: understand your water, but don t obsess over it. ph alone doesn t
Page: 1 of 5 1. BEFORE reinoculating 1.1 Check yeast viability with methylene blue. If < 25 % of yeasts are viable, rack off yeast lees and skip to reinoculation method below. If there are many live cells,
The MEURABREW: the brewhouse of the future! ABSTRACT In the last two decades, important brewhouse performances have been achieved. For example, the productivity of brewhouses increased from 8-10 brews/day
Process optimization of bioethanol production by stress tolerant yeasts isolated from agro-industrial waste
Sour Beer A New World approach to an Old World style. Brian Perkey Lallemand Brewing History & Styles of Sour Beers Sour beer styles have existed for centuries What do we mean by Sour beer? History and
Types of Sanitizers Heat, w/ water or steam to saturate effect Very effective anti-microbial, except some encysted forms Exposure time critical Non-corrosive, but energy intensive Chemical Effectiveness
Application Note 73 Higher Resolution Separation of Organic Acids and Common Inorganic Anions in Wine INTRODUCTION The flavors imparted by wine are in part due to its organic acid composition. Tartaric,
Water Technologies & Solutions wine processing 21 st century membrane technology the nature of winemaking a combination of art and science The appreciation of fine wines traditionally brings people together.
LABORATORY INVESTIGATION The Growth of a Population of Yeast "The elephant is reckoned the slowest breeder of all known animals, and I have taken some pains to estimate its probable minimum rate of natural
Experiment 6 Thin-Layer Chromatography (TLC) OUTCOMES After completing this experiment, the student should be able to: explain basic principles of chromatography in general. describe important aspects
Around the set move actor Damian Punch, who tells Walking Man’s story with humour and grace, and musician Dylan Gully, who hauntingly plays a specially-composed score throughout. (...) Subtlety and sophistication to both eschew sentimentality and to create a production of magic and wonder. Rachel Andrews
When it comes to dealing with neck and back pain, you’re going to seek all the available solutions there are. The efficiency of treatment is the number one things that are on your mind. In those situations, you’re trying to find out which treatments can offer you the best value in dealing with your pain. Today, I’m going to compare two of the most successful and least invasive therapies – the acupuncture and chiropractic care.
Acupuncture is highly appreciated among patients as healing method that subtly reduces the level of pain. Although there is the fear of the needles and the pain that might be caused by it, it’s still a favourite medical treatment.
One of the most significant benefits of acupuncture is that it releases the tension in the treated part of the body by stimulating the points that contain the stress and pain. By inserting thin metal needles in the exact order across the neck, the spine, and the head, the body’s natural flow of energy is restored. Thus, the pain faints as the distorted energy flow gets into a healthy state.
Besides its main benefit in dealing with the pain, acupuncture can also help with other conditions, such as insomnia or carpal tunnel symptoms. Some patients that are recovering from the severe injury or a surgical treatment can heal faster with the help of the acupuncture. Thus, the effects of this medical procedure seize beyond the pain relief.
A downside of the acupuncture treatment is that most people believe that it’s not as effective as the practitioners and former patients state. Since the acupuncture is not officially recognized by the medical experts as the valid treatment, the results of the acupuncture are often neglected. Nevertheless, it’s a cheaper way to get the treatment for your pain that’s safe and fast.
Unlike the acupuncture, chiropractic care has been recognized by the medical authorities as one of the most efficient pain relief treatments. The main difference between the acupuncture and chiropractic is in the way that’s used for pain relief. Chiropractors use their hands to get to the tension points on your neck and spine. By employing gentle pressure on the spots that are under the pain, chiropractor helps the relaxation of the muscles that surround the painful places. Among the advantages of chiropractic treatment is that it’s a non-invasive way to deal with pain. It also doesn’t rely on using drugs to help to reduce the pain, which is for most patients the number one benefit of this treatment. Another thing that doesn’t compare to acupuncture treatment is that chiropractor is a licenced expert – so you don’t have to worry whether you’re going to get a professional service from a local chiropractor like, for example, “chiropractor Charlotte” or not.…
This time, the cast is heading to Sayulita, Mexico, and ABC has announced the new lineup, which includes some of the best and worst from previous “Bachelor” and “Bachelorette” seasons.
Fans won’t be surprised to see Corinne Olympios, Alexis Waters and Raven Gates from Nick Viall’s season, as well as JoJo Fletcher cast-offs Robby Hayes, Derek Peth and Vinny Ventiera.
Stars stepped out for the amfAR Gala Los Angeles 2018 at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts, which was sponsored by…
McCain learned about the gut-wrenching diagnosis after undergoing surgery to remove a blood clot above his eye. In a statement, his office said, "Subsequent tissue pathology revealed that a primary brain tumor known as a glioblastoma was associated with a blood clot. Scanning done since the procedure (a minimally invasive craniotomy with an eyebrow incision) shows that the tissue of concern was completely resected by imaging criteria.”
Former Vice President Joe Biden’s son Beau fought for his life after being diagnosed with glioblastoma, but lost his battle in 2015.
As for the 80-year-old’s state of mind after the diagnosis, the statement revealed that “he is in good spirits as he continues to recover at home with his family in Arizona."
John took to social media for the first time since news broke about his cancer diagnosis, tweeting on Thursday morning, "I greatly appreciate the outpouring of support – unfortunately for my sparring partners in Congress, I’ll be back soon, so stand-by!”
His daughter, Fox News co-host Meghan McCain, also opened up on how the news has affected their family. She tweeted, "The news of my father’s illness has affected every one of us in the McCain family. My grandmother, mother, brothers, sister, and I have all endured the shock of the news, and now we live with the anxiety about what comes next.”
"It is an experience familiar to us, given my father’s previous battle with cancer — and it is familiar to the countless American families whose loved ones are also stricken with the tragedy of disease and the inevitability of age. If we could ask anything of anyone now, it would be the prayers of those of you who understand this all too well. We would be so grateful for them,” she continued. “He is my strength, my example, my refuge, my confidante, my teacher, my rock, my hero — my dad.”
To view high resolustion images JavaScript support is required. Make sure your browser support JavaScript and JavaScript is enabled
Michael got into the flat and began searching for cash and valuables, when heard the front door opening and quickly hid himself in the wardrobe. A minute later, a sexy young woman entered the room and began undressing. She was ready to go to bed, when he got out of the wardrobe and grabbed her from behind. She had no choice but to swallow his cock and spread her sexy legs to let his throbbing shaft into her juicy pussy.
Passing by this old lady\'s place, Mike saw her sitting on the edge of the bed and fingering her clit. He stood still unable to tear his eyes from her wet pussy and finally grew bold enough to come in. She noticed him and tried to cover her crotch with a magazine and when Mike begged her to go on, she told him to get out. He was too aroused to restrain his lust and forced this sexy mommy to suck his cock and then mercilessly fucked her cock-hungry cunt.
Ed heard steps in the hallway and looked into the peephole. She was amazing and his cock has quickly stiffened in anticipation of amusement. Not wasting any moment he got out of his flat. Terrified with his appearance and she couldn\'t resist him, when he dragged her inside and brutally fucked all the shit out of her.
Bob was lying on the bed beating his cock when a sexy young chambermaid came in to clean his room. The scene that she saw made her blush and she turned her face away to avoid looking at his cock but Bob was too aroused to stop. He forced the girl onto the bed, tore her clothes off and couldn\'t stop fucking the crying bitch until his balls got completely drained.
Clarissa bent under the bonnet trying to find out why the engine didn\'t start. She was too busy to notice a guy that went to the garage and stood behind her gazing at her ass. She realized that she is in trouble, just when he pressed her down with a bonnet and started tearing off her dress and panties. She tried to call for help, but nobody could save her from the horny violator.
Cleaning houses allowed Larry to earn a few hundred bucks a week. He would enjoy it even more if his employer\'s daughter would stop jeering at his work and put on airs. He was sick with her toplofty behavior and when she started ordering him what to do, he lost his patience, forced her to take his cock and pumped her little hole full of his jizz for dessert.
Haley liked this boy, but she never used to have sex on the first date, so when he pushed his hand between her hips trying to reach her pussy, she told him to back off. His wild reaction surpassed her boldest expectations as he grabbed her hair and forced her to swallow his cock. He fucked her face for a while and then turned her around and couldn\'t stop bonking her pussy until his balls exploded with loads of hot cum.
Sofia dozed in the armchair enjoying warm summery air, when suddenly felt someone\'s hand on her head. She opened her eyes and saw a masked guy that lustfully stared at her sexy body and spitefully smiled. He cuffed her right wrist to the right ankle, removed her shorts and began licking her clit before banging her pussy and asshole and creaming her buttocks with his cum.
After the party, Lisa asked her friend to help her clean the table. She washed the dishes and he wiped them, but then he grabbed her ass cheeks and began groping her tits shoving his hand underneath her shirt. She tried to push him back, but he ripped her dress, fucked her hot mouth and hairy pussy and left her lying on the floor with her aching fuck holes stuffed with sticky cum. Samantha was watching TV, when that horny guy sneaked into her house. She didn\'t notice anything and laughed enjoying her favorite show, when he approached her from behind and flung a rope over her chest. He quickly tied her hands, pulled off her pants and panties and started banging her pussy brutally before fucking her mouth and stuffing it with cum. Fred woke up and found his roommate cooking breakfast in the kitchen. She wore just sexy white panties and transparent shirt that barely covered her naked tits. Caught in sudden lust for this beauty, Fred hugged her from behind and touched her nipples feeling tempting smell of her young body that turned him nearly wild. He quickly overpowered her resistance and banged her like a powerless rubber doll.
Bailey got out of the shower, wrapped herself with a towel and went out to the living room. She began toweling her hair and shoulders, when the guy, who squatted down behind the couch, got out of his ambush and pounced on her from behind. She shrieked with suddenness and tried to ward him off, but he then tossed her onto the couch and began fucking her with his thick cock that nearly torn her aching pussy. Abby came home tired after school, tossed herself onto the couch and fell asleep. Her dress rode up revealing a bit of her sexy hips and her aged flatmate, who entered the room, stopped stunned at the couch unable to tear his eyes from this charming lass. He sat down on the edge of the couch, lifted up her dress and began kissing her hips and pushing his hand towards her crotch. She woke up and tried to tear away from his hands, but nothing could save her from his throbbing cock. Samantha was too drunk to notice a caution note saying that the restroom is temporarily out of service. She finished peeing and suddenly noticed a guy that gazed at her wet pussy. She screamed and tried to close the door, but he broke in and started smacking her face and tearing off her dress. She was almost naked, when second guy has joined the orgy.
Mike and his two classmates got drunk and thought that it would be great to play with some sexy bitch. Suddenly somebody knocked at the door and luckily it was a sexy plump post woman that definitely deserved to taste their stiff cocks. They quickly dragged her inside, torn her dress and brutally bonked the crying woman enjoying her hot mouth, wet pussy and tight ass in turns. He was a true professional of his craft. He learned each step of his helpless victim. He knew her daily schedule to the minute and even made a copy of her keys, so on the appointed day he easily sneaked into her flat and started waiting for his unaware victim and when she finally came in and locked the door, nothing could interrupt his vicious plan! She was perfect, but cruel, extremely sexy, but frigid. And she sneered at his awkward attempts to persuade her to sex. But that day the time of reckoning has come. Tom prepared his mask and a couple of picklocks in advance, so nothing could stop him, when he went out for hunt.
This excursion will take you to historic city of Bruges, one of Europe’s most charming cities, also known as ‘the Venice of the North’. The entire city centre of Bruges is a UNESCO World Heritage site.
The city of Bruges is famous for its ancient churches,opulent mansion houses, picturesque alleys and canals and the Begijnhof - as well as the film. Last but not least, Bruges is also well known for its local beers, lace and chocolate-making.
Together with your guide you will take a city walk after which you will have free time for a canal cruise, sightseeing or shopping in the delightful city centre. Lunch is not included.
Summer: 22nd March 2018until 28th October 2018:Every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturdayand Sunday at 9.30am.
From 9th September 2018: Tour leaves from De Ruijterkade 34a, in the IJ hall of Central Station on the far eastern side.
Sierd VAN DAM [Parents] was born on 12 Jan 1817 in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Nederland. He married Riemke DE VRIES on 25 Oct 1837 in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Nederland.
Riemke DE VRIES [Parents] was born on 29 Dec 1816 in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Nederland. She married Sierd VAN DAM on 25 Oct 1837 in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Nederland.
M ii Wijtze VAN DAM was born on 10 Sep 1843 in Leeuwarden, Friesland, Nederland. He died on 19 Feb 1844.
Dirk SCHEUERMAN [Parents] was born on 23 Sep 1894 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He married Wilhelmina Louisa BURGHOORN on 17 Sep 1919 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Wilhelmina Louisa BURGHOORN [Parents] was born on 18 Jan 1893 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She married Dirk SCHEUERMAN on 17 Sep 1919 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Johannes SCHEUERMAN [Parents] was born on 10 Feb 1858 in Schiedam, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He married Alida Maria VAN BLITTERSWIJK on 24 May 1882 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Alida Maria VAN BLITTERSWIJK [Parents] was born on 29 Oct 1859 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She married Johannes SCHEUERMAN on 24 May 1882 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
U ii SCHEUERMAN was born on 02 Jun 1885 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. SCHEUERMAN died on 02 Jun 1885 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
U iii SCHEUERMAN was born on 02 Jun 1885 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. SCHEUERMAN died on 02 Jun 1885 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
M vi Johannes SCHEUERMAN was born on 06 Apr 1891 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He died on 06 May 1892 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
F vii Elisabeth SCHEUERMAN was born on 03 Apr 1893 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She died on 06 Apr 1893 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
M viii Dirk SCHEUERMAN was born on 03 Apr 1893 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He died on 05 Apr 1893 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Arie ZELISSE [Parents] was born on 31 Aug 1863 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He married Anna Petronella DE GROOT on 23 Feb 1887 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Anna Petronella DE GROOT [Parents] was born on 09 Jun 1863 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She died on 08 May 1945 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She married Arie ZELISSE on 23 Feb 1887 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Wilhelmina BRUGMAN was born in 1783 in 's Gravenhage, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She married Arie ZELISSE.
Franciscus Jacobus DEMMENIE [Parents] was born on 19 Jun 1825 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He died on 12 Apr 1887 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He married Maria NOOTEN on 16 May 1849 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Maria NOOTEN [Parents] was born calculated 1825 in Maassluis, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She died on 17 Nov 1858 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She married Franciscus Jacobus DEMMENIE on 16 May 1849 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
M ii Franciscus Jacobus DEMMENIE was born on 23 Apr 1853 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He died on 01 Jan 1854.
F iii Adriana Maria DEMMENIE was born on 18 Jun 1854 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She died on 07 Oct 1854.
F iv Adriana Maria Hendrika DEMMENIE was born on 17 Jun 1858 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She died on 07 Aug 1858.
M v Franciscus Jacobus DEMMENIE was born on 26 Sep 1855 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He died on 01 Dec 1858.
Hendrik NOOTEN was born in 1782 in Maassluis, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He married Adriana Maria VAN SCHENDEL.
Adriana Maria VAN SCHENDEL was born in 1785 in Maassluis, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She married Hendrik NOOTEN.
Leonardus MOERS [Parents] was born in 1797 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He married Paulina Maria DRABBE on 12 Aug 1818 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Paulina Maria DRABBE [Parents] was born on 01 Nov 1799 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She was christened on 01 Nov 1799 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She died on 14 Jul 1833 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She married Leonardus MOERS on 12 Aug 1818 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Willemina MARKUS was born in 1742. She died on 20 Aug 1808 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She married Arnoldus HAK on 11 Jul 1779 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Jacobus VAN DER BURG [Parents] was born on 21 Apr 1876 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. He married Hendrika Johanna EEKHOUT on 27 Sep 1899 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
Hendrika Johanna EEKHOUT [Parents] was born on 03 Aug 1875 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland. She married Jacobus VAN DER BURG on 27 Sep 1899 in Delft, Zuid Holland, Nederland.
The following video is brought to you courtesy of the Inside Edition YouTube Channel. Click the video below to watch it now.
A new revelation about the young girl seen sobbing at the U.S.-Mexico border has challenged her role as the face of the Trump administration’s “zero-tolerance” separation policy. The now-iconic image of the Honduran child has come to symbolize the crisis at the border and was recently featured on a provocative cover of Time magazine. It has now emerged that the Honduran girl was not crying over being separated from her mother. She wasn’t taken away from her parents at all, according to reports.
This is the #840 Power Station that T-Reproductions (small dents) made a few years ago. Our Opinion is that it is generally in Excellent Condition. No Box. Examine very closely; what is shown is what you will receive. Please add $50.00 for US-48 Shipping and Insurance (more west of the Mississippi).
Emails: Ekimaechurch @ gmail.com for Church (Actual addresses don’t contain spaces in front of and after the @ mark.)
JR Tachikawa station is a close station. And it takes about five minutes on foot from the south exit of the station. Please feel free to call us from the station, and we can go and pick you up.
* Sorry, but there is no free parking space available. Please use one of the many paid parking spaces near our church.
I can not help it. Of course I`m very interested in animals within an MMO. What are the races, how are they presented, how are they used, what skills do they have?
For me it's always a shame to see that Mounts for example usually exist as a single horse model with different skin, fantasy animals and whatever else entirely unsuitable as a riding animal species (such as e.g. Wolves, tigers, bears, wild boars, etc.). There are so many different races of horses, ponies, donkeys, Mules and in south and eastern countries also camels, elephants, water buffalo and yaks. All with different Body type, colors and abilities. Some are stronger and can therefore easily carry knights in full plate. Other are faster and are more likely to be used for light courier services. Still others are very sure-footed or particularly untiring, etc. This results in so many real existing variations, wich never found any attention in other Games.
There are also many other breeds, which in earlier times were in completely different use than nowadays. There were small carts pulled by dogs or goats (This could be used as a Pet for expending inventory for example). Cattle attracted large cars, geese were kept as a kind of guard dogs and ferrets as a helper for hunting, used to drive rabbits from their dens.
Such trifles could bring a lot of life in villages and farms. During the day, chickens and geese roam freely. Perhaps a goose may attack a disliked charakter or something like that. Chickens sit there in the middle of way, even if a Character wants to flee quickly from whatever (of course that would just make sense in a game with a good collision detection. ). Pigs rummage in a pen, which is so muddy that a person can barely walk in it. And at night, the guard dogs barking at each who comes too close to the house.
Wildlife could cause farmers problems. Boars that destroy the fields. Wolves, tearing goats and sheep. Bears burgle storehouses. Something like that would also be a good basis for meaningful quests.
Hope translation is comprehensible. Had a lit help by Googletranslation, cause last time I was used in english ist nearly 25 years ago.
timex clock radio manual t308s no short description timex clock radio manual t308s because this is pdf file PDF file
timex clock radio manual t308s no short description timex clock radio manual t308s because this is doc file DOC file
theory of need in marx no short description theory of need in marx because this is pdf file PDF file
theory of need in marx no short description theory of need in marx because this is doc file DOC file
coordinate algebra a common core gps course student skills practice no short description coordinate algebra a common core gps course student skills practice because this is pdf file PDF file
coordinate algebra a common core gps course student skills practice no short description coordinate algebra a common core gps course student skills practice because this is doc file DOC file
fistitude five lessons for leading any team to success paperback no short description fistitude five lessons for leading any team to success paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
fistitude five lessons for leading any team to success paperback no short description fistitude five lessons for leading any team to success paperback because this is doc file DOC file
taste memory forgotten foods lost flavors and why they matter no short description taste memory forgotten foods lost flavors and why they matter because this is pdf file PDF file
taste memory forgotten foods lost flavors and why they matter no short description taste memory forgotten foods lost flavors and why they matter because this is doc file DOC file
fletcher and the snowflake christmas no short description fletcher and the snowflake christmas because this is pdf file PDF file
fletcher and the snowflake christmas no short description fletcher and the snowflake christmas because this is doc file DOC file
britain s experience of empire in the twentieth century britain s experience of empire in the twentieth century no short description britain s experience of empire in the twentieth century britain s experience of empire in the twentieth century because this is doc file DOC file
best of moorea travel guide what to see and do on the island of moorea no short description best of moorea travel guide what to see and do on the island of moorea because this is pdf file PDF file
best of moorea travel guide what to see and do on the island of moorea no short description best of moorea travel guide what to see and do on the island of moorea because this is doc file DOC file
too loved a journal for women discovering gods intentional unconditional without limits love no short description too loved a journal for women discovering gods intentional unconditional without limits love because this is doc file DOC file
Provenance Spellscribed 1 by Kristopher Cruz no short description Provenance Spellscribed 1 by Kristopher Cruz because this is pdf file PDF file
Provenance Spellscribed 1 by Kristopher Cruz no short description Provenance Spellscribed 1 by Kristopher Cruz because this is doc file DOC file
fleetwood 2015 terry exl travel trailer owners manual no short description fleetwood 2015 terry exl travel trailer owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
sample escalation letter for it service no short description sample escalation letter for it service because this is pdf file PDF file
sample escalation letter for it service no short description sample escalation letter for it service because this is doc file DOC file
collaborating for change whole scale change no short description collaborating for change whole scale change because this is pdf file PDF file
collaborating for change whole scale change no short description collaborating for change whole scale change because this is doc file DOC file
lords of all the world ideologies of empire in spain britain and france c1500 c1800 no short description lords of all the world ideologies of empire in spain britain and france c1500 c1800 because this is pdf file PDF file
lords of all the world ideologies of empire in spain britain and france c1500 c1800 no short description lords of all the world ideologies of empire in spain britain and france c1500 c1800 because this is doc file DOC file
Trust Me by Lesley Pearse no short description Trust Me by Lesley Pearse because this is pdf file PDF file
Trust Me by Lesley Pearse no short description Trust Me by Lesley Pearse because this is doc file DOC file
henry and the cannons an extraordinary true story of the american revolution no short description henry and the cannons an extraordinary true story of the american revolution because this is doc file DOC file
rotary air compressor repair manual no short description rotary air compressor repair manual because this is pdf file PDF file
rotary air compressor repair manual no short description rotary air compressor repair manual because this is doc file DOC file
wild rare and exotic animals coloring books for grownups volume 6 no short description wild rare and exotic animals coloring books for grownups volume 6 because this is doc file DOC file
ipe indian comic velamma download no short description ipe indian comic velamma download because this is pdf file PDF file
ipe indian comic velamma download no short description ipe indian comic velamma download because this is doc file DOC file
fast and furious 7 ppt for mba movie making no short description fast and furious 7 ppt for mba movie making because this is pdf file PDF file
fast and furious 7 ppt for mba movie making no short description fast and furious 7 ppt for mba movie making because this is doc file DOC file
manual for a mud pro atv no short description manual for a mud pro atv because this is doc file DOC file
dear author letters of hope top young adult authors respond to kids toughest issues no short description dear author letters of hope top young adult authors respond to kids toughest issues because this is pdf file PDF file
dear author letters of hope top young adult authors respond to kids toughest issues no short description dear author letters of hope top young adult authors respond to kids toughest issues because this is doc file DOC file
sports illustrated swimsuit 2015 day at a time box calendar no short description sports illustrated swimsuit 2015 day at a time box calendar because this is pdf file PDF file
sports illustrated swimsuit 2015 day at a time box calendar no short description sports illustrated swimsuit 2015 day at a time box calendar because this is doc file DOC file
reliable software technologies ada europe 2010 lecture notes in computer science paperback common no short description reliable software technologies ada europe 2010 lecture notes in computer science paperback common because this is pdf file PDF file
reliable software technologies ada europe 2010 lecture notes in computer science paperback common no short description reliable software technologies ada europe 2010 lecture notes in computer science paperback common because this is doc file DOC file
Hell s Gate by Benjamin Daniels no short description Hell s Gate by Benjamin Daniels because this is pdf file PDF file
Hell s Gate by Benjamin Daniels no short description Hell s Gate by Benjamin Daniels because this is doc file DOC file
yuichi yokoyama travel no short description yuichi yokoyama travel because this is pdf file PDF file
yuichi yokoyama travel no short description yuichi yokoyama travel because this is doc file DOC file
tarot card reading free online no short description tarot card reading free online because this is pdf file PDF file
tarot card reading free online no short description tarot card reading free online because this is doc file DOC file
grade 7 french unit plans no short description grade 7 french unit plans because this is pdf file PDF file
grade 7 french unit plans no short description grade 7 french unit plans because this is doc file DOC file
free online tarot readings accurate no short description free online tarot readings accurate because this is pdf file PDF file
free online tarot readings accurate no short description free online tarot readings accurate because this is doc file DOC file
kurtis kraft masterworks of speed and style no short description kurtis kraft masterworks of speed and style because this is pdf file PDF file
kurtis kraft masterworks of speed and style no short description kurtis kraft masterworks of speed and style because this is doc file DOC file
muscles study guide answer no short description muscles study guide answer because this is pdf file PDF file
muscles study guide answer no short description muscles study guide answer because this is doc file DOC file
drug war crimes the consequences of prohibition no short description drug war crimes the consequences of prohibition because this is pdf file PDF file
drug war crimes the consequences of prohibition no short description drug war crimes the consequences of prohibition because this is doc file DOC file
serway 8th edition solution manual no short description serway 8th edition solution manual because this is pdf file PDF file
serway 8th edition solution manual no short description serway 8th edition solution manual because this is doc file DOC file
2000 stratus owners manual no short description 2000 stratus owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
2000 stratus owners manual no short description 2000 stratus owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
volvo 122 owners manual no short description volvo 122 owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
volvo 122 owners manual no short description volvo 122 owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
responsive ed physics answer key no short description responsive ed physics answer key because this is pdf file PDF file
responsive ed physics answer key no short description responsive ed physics answer key because this is doc file DOC file
lenovo a1000 user manual pdf no short description lenovo a1000 user manual pdf because this is doc file DOC file
golden arches east mcdonalds in east asia second edition no short description golden arches east mcdonalds in east asia second edition because this is pdf file PDF file
golden arches east mcdonalds in east asia second edition no short description golden arches east mcdonalds in east asia second edition because this is doc file DOC file
managing liquidity credit crunch monitoring no short description managing liquidity credit crunch monitoring because this is pdf file PDF file
managing liquidity credit crunch monitoring no short description managing liquidity credit crunch monitoring because this is doc file DOC file
origins of the higher groups of tetrapods controversy and consensus no short description origins of the higher groups of tetrapods controversy and consensus because this is pdf file PDF file
origins of the higher groups of tetrapods controversy and consensus no short description origins of the higher groups of tetrapods controversy and consensus because this is doc file DOC file
accounting principles essntials connie clauson no short description accounting principles essntials connie clauson because this is doc file DOC file
mormonism a very short introduction by bushman richard lyman published by oxford university press 2008 no short description mormonism a very short introduction by bushman richard lyman published by oxford university press 2008 because this is pdf file PDF file
mormonism a very short introduction by bushman richard lyman published by oxford university press 2008 no short description mormonism a very short introduction by bushman richard lyman published by oxford university press 2008 because this is doc file DOC file
Just did a small test running 4 HD streams and 1 SD stream on the IPTV vlan of the fiber modem. (total of 60mbit/sec). Then I ran a speedtest on the internet vlan (50mbit/50mbit). The speedtest showed me a downloadspeed of 46.91 mbit/sec and a upload speed of 52.15mbit/sec. So that looks good. But I also saw that the load on the networkcard connected to the iptv vlan dropped from 60mbit/sec to 47.9mbit/sec, and giving me some hickups and block artefacts in the recorded video. I was told that the iptv vlan had a higher priority, but it appears that speedtest on the internet vlan can push away the iptv streams… So I guess I have to wait until they really upgrade the connection to my fibermodem to 1gbit/sec as published recently…
Yesterday I played a bit more with recording hd streams in mythtv. The last time I tried, I added 7 iptv tuners in mythtv, and start recording SD streams. All went well for the first 5 streams, the 6th recording stayed black in mythtv. When I stopped recording one of the 5 active streams, the 6th recording suddenly started. So my guess is that in the iptv network there must be some kind of limitation of max. 5 iptv streams.
A week ago the local fiber company announced that the ftth network in our town is upgraded to the fastest fiber network in the Netherlands. The fiber modem at my home is now connected with a 1gbit connection to the POP. The modem has one vlan for internet traphic (with a max. speed to 50mbit/50mbit, which can be upgraded to 200mbit/200mbit). A second vlan on the modem is used for the iptv streams.
Yesterday I tried to record multiple hd streams. I started with Nederland 1 HD, Nederland 2 HD, Nederland 3 HD. And then ran out of HD channels. I also found Brava HD. And then added a normal SD stream. And all was still recording without any problems. Looking at the network stats, I saw that traphic coming into my linux pc from the iptv network was a stunishing 60mbit/sec! I didn’t do a speedtest on the inernet vlan by the way, will try that next time… One HD channel uses around 13.6 mbit/sec network traphic. The SD streams are somewhere between de 4mbit/sec and 8mbit/sec.
Because I changed the amount of iptv tuners in mythtv back to 5, I could not test if it allows more streams at the moment. I will test that the next time…
I just managed to setup my mythtv media pc with the new iprecorder functionality to record up to *5* streams of iptv receiving from our local fiber optic tv supplier (XMS). Time for a little party 🙂
Since a few months I have a fiber optic connection to my home, the so called Zeewolde op Glasvezel project. The fiber optic is brought all the way into the house and connected to a Genexis modem. This modem seems to have one fiber optic entering the case from the bottom. But this actually consist of two very tiny fibers. One fiber is for all digital data in _and_ out. This is your internet, digital tv, telephone. The second fiber is a one-way fiber with the 40 analogue tv channels and a few radio stations (don’t know how much). This brings me to the other ports of the modem. It has one coaxial output with the 40 analogue tv channels and radio stations. This can be used for any ordinary tv, video recorder or analogue tv-card in a pc. Because all data of the tv channels and radio stations are broadcasted over this coax cable, the coax cable can be splitted with special tv/radio splitters, so you can watch different channels on multiple devices at the same time. Back to the modem. The modem also has two rj11 connectors (t1 and t2) for analogue telephones. And there are four rj45 connectors (m1 til m4). The m1 connector provides an internet connection when connected to one pc or a router when you have multple pc’s behind the router. The m2 connector provides digital tv and must be connected to a settopbox. In this case a Amino Aminet 130m (with hdmi output). This settopbox is running Linux inside with a opera browser. The tv signal is requested through an ip-connection and broadcasted with multicast. More info over the how this works will be om my site. With the setup mentioned above, you can watch analogue tv on several tv’s. But with only one settopbox, you can only watch digital tv on one tv. It is possible to attach another settopbox, but the local supplier will only send you a non-hdtv settopbox as your second settopbox.
I use mythtv for about 6 years now. About 3 and a half years back (I think), I upgraded my mythbox with a Hauppaugt WinTV PVR-500 (dual tuner). This gave me the opportunity to record 2 shows at any time, while still using the tv to watch a third show. Although it’s long ago that I really watched something live (directly from tv or in mythtv), because we just record anything we want to see, and watch it, when it fits our time schedule 🙂 With the new fiber optic services, I can still record 2 shows at the same time through the analogue coax cable (and have a much better quality (less visual noise) compared to the tv signal from the local cable company UPC). But the settopbox has much more channels, around 160 channels (tv channels and radio stations). The aminet130m settopbox has a usb port. And some rumours on the internet say that it will be possible to attach an external usb drive to the aminet130m and have recording capabilities. But, this first has to be programmed into the firmware. This (I think) will not be available in the next months. besides that… I want my mythtv to do all the recording!
By doing a little traphic capturing between the settopbox and the modem, I managed to configure my linux pc with mythtv correctly, to watch the iptv streams on the media pc. Together with the iptvrecorder, which was added to mythtv somewhere in the last year, I am able to watch live TV. Then ramp it up a little, and finally had mythtv record 5 iptv streams (not hdtv) simultaneously. But I think there’s also a limit on the iptv supplier side, because my 6th stream was not working in mythtv. But 5 streams recorded at the same time should be sufficient enough 😎
This site uses cookies to improve the experience of our visitors. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more.
While no cause of has been reported, TMZ notes that the news comes after Jonathan filed a restraining order for domestic violence against Deven today. The temporary order reportedly blocked any child custody or visitation of their two children.
Jonathan and Deven wed in 2004, with Jonathan filing for divorce in October of 2016, citing irreconcilable differences.
TMZ reports that Jonathan alleged Deven's struggles with addiction and drug use was causing harm to their children through neglect. The site reports that Jonathan's court declaration notes Deven was "constantly under the influence of nitrous oxide, cocaine and Norco."
Jonathan's court declaration is said to also also allege that Deven would "routinely bring home unsavory characters, including strangers. Some of these people are random fans of my music who she allows to come into the house, go into the master bedroom closet and try on my clothes."
TMZ reports that according to court documents, Deven had been in a sober home, but had not been seen in a week after leaving last Friday.
Marilyn Manson performed in Nashville on Monday night (October 22), and among the superfans hanging around backstage were Korn members Brian...
This past August, Deven Davis — the estranged wife of Korn vocalist Jonathan Davis — died at age 39. Now, the cause of death has been reveal...
Jimmy Kimmel has been turning the table on trolls with his "Mean Tweets" segment on Jimmy Kimmel Live! for years now, and he brought back th...
Last week, Jonathan Davis' estranged wife passed away at the age of 39. Now, the Korn frontman has issued a statement about the late Deven D...
While the members of Korn seem to spend most of their money on actual corn these days, there was a time when they had a more debaucherous bu...
‘Psychology is neither ‘individual’ or ‘group’ except by abstraction’ (S.S.H. Foulkes) The proposal that Being-in-the-world is always being-with others is one that...
Trans people are those who are not content to remain the gender they were assigned at birth – this may include people who identify as male; as female; as some...
Society of Existential Analysis, Continuing Professional Development Workshop, Saturday March 5th 2016, 10am to 1pm. Presented by Martin Adams: Towards an existential...
NCVO, Saturday 21st March 2015 at 10 am A discussion with Ernesto Spinelli focusing on the new edition of his book. “In a survey of over 1,000 existential therapists...
German Philosopher – Known as the father of Phenomenology, giving weight to the argument for a science of subjective experience as the source of all our knowledge of objective phenomena. Phenomenology is the reflective study of the essence of consciousness as experienced from the first – person point of view. In order to better understand the world of appearances and objects, Phenomenology attempts to identify the invariant features of how objects, or phenomena, are perceived. In doing this Phenomenology sheds light on the way that the assumptions and presuppositions we hold about reality informs and colours the attributions we make about the things that we perceive. Husserl’s Phenomenological slogan – ‘All consciousness is consciousness of something’.
This very successful event was held on 2nd May 2008 and generated much interest and debate. Delegates received a great deal of information and an "aide-memoir". This is available here (pdf)
- Note: I am here for a different life... to life an odd one, but what I get is nothing more than revenge in the name somebody to safe his or her work + a heavy rain, a heavy snow. Should I continue? (Edit: Is the lastt problem)
- Note: That's Volume 2 or put it as a Edition 2 of the book Deeper Collection - Now here you have the chance to check out all my short-stories from (Deeper Level).
- Notes: A book in which you have a chance to read some creepy short stories. WHich are very well written. Here is the place where you can find also my short stories, even news and to don't forget critical notes, and even 2 screen plays. The first is the worst the second is an example of well written and well played.
Hello everyone! My name is MARI QUEIROZ of your dreams, Sublime beauty, attractive, attentive and ideal to come to spend a pleasant moment of complete massage in my company. For
Hello ! I am Cristall TS from Switzerland ! I am 25 years old , green eyes , 1.70 height , 70 kg & very horny i am speaking fluent English ,French, German , Italian ,
PREBYTES	Business Intelligence	PREBYTES Cyberbezpieczeństwo ZAGROŻENIA - DETEKCJA - PROFILATKTYKA - ZABEZPIECZENIA - PREWENCJA Bezpieczeństwo małych oraz średnich firm. Ochrona biznesu. Obsługa incydentów Ochrona marki oraz domeny Counterfeiting-Brand Digital-Brand Phishing-Brand Domain-Brand CyberCrime-Brand Counterfeiting-Intelligence Digital-Intelligence Phishing-Intelligence Domain-Intelligence Malware-Intelligence CyberCrime-Intelligence Counterfeiting-Attack-detection Digital-Attack-detection Phishing-Attack-detection Malware-Attack-detection Domain-Attack-detection CyberCrime-Compliance Brand-Compliance Counterfeiting-Compliance Digital-Compliance Phishing-Compliance Malware-Compliance Domain-Compliance CyberCrime-Protection Brand-Protection Counterfeiting-Protection Digital-Protection Phishing-Protection Malware-Protection Domain-Protection CyberCrime-Security Brand-Security Counterfeiting-Security Digital-Security Phishing-Security Malware-Security Domain-Security Counterfeiting-Brand Digital-Brand Phishing-Brand Domain-Brand CyberCrime-Brand Counterfeiting-Intelligence Digital-Intelligence Phishing-Intelligence Domain-Intelligence Malware-Intelligence CyberCrime-Intelligence Counterfeiting-Attack-detection Digital-Attack-detection Phishing-Attack-detection Malware-Attack-detection Domain-Attack-detection CyberCrime-Compliance Brand-Compliance Counterfeiting-Compliance Digital-Compliance Phishing-Compliance Malware-Compliance Domain-Compliance CyberCrime-Protection Brand-Protection Counterfeiting-Protection Digital-Protection Phishing-Protection Counterfeiting-Brand Digital-Brand Phishing-Brand Domain-Brand CyberCrime-Brand Counterfeiting-Intelligence Digital-Intelligence Phishing-Intelligence Domain-Intelligence Malware-Intelligence CyberCrime-Intelligence Counterfeiting-Attack-detection Digital-Attack-detection Phishing-Attack-detection Malware-Attack-detection Domain-Attack-detection CyberCrime-Compliance Brand-Compliance Counterfeiting-Compliance Digital-Compliance Phishing-Compliance Malware-Compliance Domain-Compliance CyberCrime-Protection Brand-Protection Counterfeiting-Protection Digital-Protection Phishing-Protection Malware-Protection Domain-Protection CyberCrime-Security Brand-Security Counterfeiting-Security Digital-Security Phishing-Security Malware-Security Domain-Security Counterfeiting-Brand Digital-Brand Phishing-Brand Domain-Brand CyberCrime-Brand Counterfeiting-Intelligence Digital-Intelligence Phishing-Intelligence Domain-Intelligence Malware-Intelligence CyberCrime-Intelligence Counterfeiting-Attack-detection Digital-Attack-detection Phishing-Attack-detection Malware-Attack-detection Domain-Attack-detection CyberCrime-Compliance Brand-Compliance Counterfeiting-Compliance Digital-Compliance Phishing-Compliance Malware-Compliance Domain-Compliance CyberCrime-Protection Brand-Protection Counterfeiting-Protection Digital-Protection Phishing-Protection
webcam show part 1 pasangan muncrat sunney lione porn sex orhy game wife gives husband handjob ruined
Until you have upgraded your version, you will have to download the video and view it through QuickTime, Windows Media Player, or a similar type video player.
Media Facts: This video was uploaded on Monday, June 09, 2003 @ 10:13 pm. It has been viewed 61 times in November and 73,227 times since it was first posted. This item is ranked 633 / 20,189.
In addition to the changes in expunction law I wrote about last month here’s another consequence of the new expunction statute that will take effect September 1. It has to do with dismissed Class C misdemeanors, which may now be eligible for expunction as soon as 180 days after the ticket was issued or the arrest was made.
Class C misdemeanors include traffic tickets, Minor in Possession of Alcohol (MIP), Minor in Consumption of Alcohol (MIC), possession of drug paraphernalia (PDP), Public Intoxication, Disorderly Conduct (DOC) and many other offenses that are punishable by fine only.
The new law provides that a person is entitled to expunction when an indictment or information has not been presented against the person, and “at least 180 days have elapsed from the date of arrest if the arrest for which the expunction was sought was for an offense punishable as a Class C misdemeanor and if there was no felony charge arising out of the same transaction for which the person was arrested.”
An indictment or information is never presented in a Class C misdemeanor case; Class C’s are charged by a complaint. So as long as the case was dismissed, did not involve a felony, and 180 days have passed, the person is entitled to expunction.
Here’s the tricky part: when a person applies for expunction based on the new time limits, the new statue provides that the prosecutor and “the applicable law enforcement agency” (which could be the arresting agency, or any other law enforcement agency that has the files) may retain the arrest records if the prosecuting attorney does not certify that the files are no longer needed. Not only that, but the statute doesn’t say how long they may retain the records. Presumably forever, unless the person gets an additional expunction after the statute of limitations runs. (Still 2 years on any misdemeanor).
So the good news is that if the dismissed Class C happened over 180 days ago and did not involve a felony, AND the prosecutor certifies that the records are no longer needed, the expunction will be granted. But because an expunction done within that time frame will not be complete without the certification, it’s probably not a good idea.
Lawyer’s Association and others in the Travis County criminal defense bar who are working tirelessly to interpret this somewhat complicated new set of rules.
Organization marches to raise awareness on marijuana law reformWhy you need an expunction, especially in Travis County
Fresh Taste Produce provides commercial and independent partners with a wide variety of the highest quality fruit and vegetable from around the world throughout the entire year. As a major importer and distributor of offshore product, Fresh Taste has developed a world-renowned reputation. Fresh Taste partners with growers from the finest farms, orchards and groves, yielding an unparalleled selection of quality in the industry. Our team travels the world solidifying existing relationships while continuously seeking out new quality growers and produce to introduce to Canada, United States, and more.
B...b...b...b...b...uh...ut.... This chapter was waayyy too amazing for you to take a break! I loved reading from both Sesshomaru's and Kagome's perspectives. I think it is the mode of progression that the story needs. I will send you my mogwai muse to help if I must. You can keep her as long as you don't: feed her after midnight, get her wet, nor expose her to sunlight.
P.S. I cannot be held responsible for the violence and mayhem which her mutant amphibian progeny will release should you ignore these guidelines... or if you don't post another chapter.
Ahhhhhh!! Got my fix, an feel so much better now! OMG!!!! Review, review ..yeah ...yeah !!!! Okay! Sooo I really love when you delve into Sess' s memory's. He is a demon and by far more than just a powerful being. And I think alot of hardcore emotion under his cool facade. In his own words..." I'm complicated"....yeahhh no shittt!!!! Lol!! He is definately not nice but I don't think he is completly bad either. His sense of humor may be a bit twisted, but under the circumstances, in his defense, he is sorrounded by ignorant, greedy humans bent on their own self and world destruction. He is forced to blend in with what he considers lesser beings for his own self preservation and it really pisses him off.Can't help it, I don't blame him in the least for his low tolarance for stupidity. But, Kagome is human, therefore falllible in his eyes. An yet he is intrigued by her. And that along with Kagome's perverse need for danger is what makes this such a good story. Your groundwork is good. Strong storyline and the sex, from Kagome's point of view is mind blowing!! Where are you taking this, word weaver?! You've left hints an maybe got a little sidetracked by pressure for more sex scenes. Don't feel you have to give in to it. It's your story! You are a good enough writer your story stands on its own. Sex scenes are awesome don't get me wrong, but there's much more angst and drama to come in this story I can feel it. And I can't wait. What about the shrine?? Who bought it?? Sesshomaru?? Shippo? Where is that foxy fox?? Hhhmnnn ...the possibilitys!!! Kiss kiss love. Can't wait to hear from you again!!
I hope she forgot her birth control, whatever the type, got pregnant, then here comes the drama, because Sesshoumaru won't have that.. He won't make a hanyou kid..ever.. Well, the 'ever' is in his dictionary..not reality...
Good luck to continue this story! I love the difference you made for potraying Sesshoumaru.. And somewhat shocked you've got so little review! Please don't be sad...it just some people couldn't realise the diamond in the mud yet..
Sex with a demon is kinky enough!! Lmao! Yeeeaaah! I think she may be right 'bout that one! Arrrgh!!!;^D Can't wait to see where you will take these two from this point.I almost wish she would stay with Koga.......almost.I really love him in this story.Have never found any good Koga/Kag fanfic, but I really love him here. Found you had updated while I was at work. Couldn't read it till I got home. Bout killed me! LOL!! As usual.....can't wait for more! Don't be a stranger!!
This chapter is like turning page for them, the start of their unique relationship. Demon and human. I wonder what will happen in the next chapter.
By the way, i laugh out loud when read this; 'Her small apartment could be the victim of a demon's sexual frustration tantrum' XD
Lol. Glad you adressed that tension between Koga and Kogome. I don't think he's the type to hold back if he wants or cares for something. He obviously still wants her though and in spite of being talked out of making contact with her on numerous occasions, he shows it by being there for her now as a friend. Love that!! Shippo is quite the trickster is 't he?!! LOL!! NICE! Sesshomaru deserved it for bein' such a dick!! Pardon my four letter word! I love him but he really is!!! Thanx for the double chap. Twas a lovely christmas present! Merry christmas! Have a safe new year!!
Thanks for the update and Merry Christmas. Although I disagree that love is hard. Real love with the right person is easy smooth. If you find it hard work your with the wrong one.
I am really in love with how you 're developing your storyline. Sesshomaru is dark in character, even more so than in the anime. Perhaps because you have brought him to life so well that he seems real.I'm glad you didn't make it romantic in this chap. Way to soon for that.You keep it up! Absolutely love what you're doin!!
You have been greatly missed!!! Hopefully you won't stay away so long this time.Was an awesome little cliffy.....sooooo mean of you! LOL! Seems there's some good Sesshy stuff buildin up!! I absolutely cannot wait!!!!!! Love it love it love it!!!
That was a great chapter! Sesshoumaru may have a little competition now knowing Kouga still have a thing for Kagome! LoL And as for Shippo. . . OMG! O_o I love it!!!!
This is a placeholder page for Jerome Boyd, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Jerome Boyd.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Jerome Boyd. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Jerome Boyd. We created this page automatically in hopes Jerome Boyd would find it. If you are not Jerome Boyd, but are an alumni of Dollarway High School, register on this site for free now.
Get your personal Culioneros Password and see in the full culioneros films, like these beautiful latina asses are fucking hard from behind! See spanish porn in wild west style! Culioneros.com gives you guarantee of the best spanish sex, with the participation of the most acute latina girls! Remember this address man! 😛
Culioneros pictures is the wildest fucking in public places! See how outrageous latina girls fuck everything that moves! These girls have never enough! They need stallions to satisfied their hot pussy! See the most obscene culioneros photos and inflame your imagination! View the most exciting spanish porn full videos and save them on your hard disk!
Free culioneros videos are waiting for the first hundred users of culioneros.com! Do not wait so just register your details on our website! You spend a few moments and you will see spanish porn, which so far no one has recorded! Totally hard spanish sex is our pride! Our latina girls are the most hot and sexy whores! Find out about this at your own eyes and ears!
Download culioneros torrent until completely not been censored! 😀 The era of free culioneros porn slowly coming to an end. Click therefore on our pictures and see the best spanish porn in the adult biz until it is available! Already tomorrow culioneros.com may be disabled!!! Spanish sex lovers and the fans latina girls would not forgive us this! 😉
Go to the culioneros download members area and enjoy the view of latina girls with monstrous shapes! Do you like huge tits and fat asses? Culioneros trial vids which you can see for free, will show you a sample of Spanish sex, what you see on culioneros.com! Do not let your friends to see culioneros pics before you! 😉
Culioneros porn is the most original porn currently at seen! Unique culioneros sites containing hd spanish porn! We invite you to see our bus, which serves us to fuck latina girls! We love big asses only! We say STOP flat white girls! We tolerate only spanish sex. That’s why we created culioneros.com
Culioneros full movies show you the true spanish porn! Sexy and hot latina girls are the best machines to fuck! Their big asses are always ready for the strong pounding! If you arrive at culioneros.com, because you were looking for a good Spanish sex will not be disappointed! We have for you really hardcore material!
size of crushed stone grades Mobile Crushers all size of crushed stone grades. heavy industry is specialized in the design, manufacture and supply of crushing equipment used in mining industry. Read more Sand, Soil & Gravel
wheel sand washing machine price stone crusher crusher machine Mar 3, 2016 Wheel sand washing machine price factors Wheel sand washing machine is currently the most widely used field gravel efficient sand washing
Sand & Gravel Process Equipment, Parts DealerRB Scott Welcome to RB Scott. RB Scott Company is a specialized dealer of process equipment and wear parts for the Sand & Gravel, Crush Stone, Frac Sand and Recycling
aggregate processing equipment for sand, gravelSanger Sanger Equipment Corporation [SEMCORP] is a dealer in both New and Used Aggregate Processing Machinery for the sand & gravel, crushed stone, mining, and
Sand Washer, Sand washing plant,screw washing Sand Washer. Sand washing machine is used for removing the dust in sand. It aims at improving the quality of SAND, GRAVEL, AND CRUSHED STONE ON THE JOB
Gravel Washing Equipment,Buy Quality Gravel Washing Equipment Gravel Washing Equipment, Source Gravel Washing Equipment Products at Sand Washer, XL Stone Sand Washing Equipment. Min. Order: 1 Set FOB Price
gravel washing equipment in texasQuartzite Crusher India, ,Stone Sand And Gravel Washing Equipment 239 Views. The is the professional mining equipments manufacturer in the world, loed in China » Learn More Aggregate
Simply complete the form below, click submit, You can get the price list and a Birnith representative will contact you within one business day. Gravel Washing Machine Gravel Washing Stone Sand And Gravel Washing
Blasting Supplies, Dust Control EquipmentNational Stone, Sand Loe products and services geared to the national stone, sand, and gravel Air Filtration Self Cleaning Pressurizers Air Pollution Control Equipment. Get Price XS
gravel plant washings flumecrusherasia mine equipment wash waters, , sand and gravel mines, sand mines, dimension stone quarries and crushed stone quarries, , Processing plant area Get Info Gravel Diamond Washing
Green Equipment Company, the sister company of a Sand and Gravel mining operation in southern Louisiana, deals in a wide variety of used equipment for the Our primary focus in Sand and Gravel washing and processing
Sand washer,Sand washing plant,Sand washer Sand washer is a kind of water washing style equipment to be matched with the sand making machine and can reduce the dust and stone powder which mixes with the final
stone sand and gravel washing equipment Grinding Mill China gravel washing equipment in texasQuartzite Crusher. India,,Stone Sand And Gravel Washing Equipment 239 Views. The is the professional mining equipments
About product and suppliers: Alibaba offers 1,378 gravel washing equipment products. About 46% of these are sand washer. A wide variety of gravel washing equipment options are available to you, There are 1,352 gravel washing
sand gravel washing equipment Sand Gravel wash plants from CDE USA. This may involve the introduction of a single piece of equipment from our product portfolio our EvoWash sand washing plant » Learn More gravel washing
Alibaba offers 99 used gravel washing equipment sale products. About 65% of these are sand washer. A wide variety of used gravel washing equipment sale options are available to you,
Sand, natural gravel, and crushed stone are used mainly for this purpose. Recycled aggregates (from Chat Online WMAJM Extraction of sand and gravel and WMAJM Extraction of sand and gravel and
how to measure a gravel stockpileVolume of a Pile of Gravel or SandHad2Know. how to calculate the volume of a pile of sand or gravel in a cone or pyramid shape More details » Get Price Read more crushing, screening, washing
There are many people who are excited about buying their first house but feel confused by the mortgage process. There are a lot of things to navigate when buying a house, so the more prepared you are, the better. Here are some things you should know about home mortgages.
One of the things you need to start thinking about months before you buy a house is how you are going to get the down payment. Most lenders require you have at least 3% of the house, but ideally you should have 20% of the house. In some rare places in the country, mostly rural places, they will allow you to buy a house with 0% down, but that is not normal. So you need to start saving up now to buy a house.
When you apply for the loan, the lender is going to ask for proof that you have the down payment. If you are cashing in stocks for it, then you will need to prove that you own the stocks and how much they are worth, if you are being gifted the money, then you will need to have a gift letter from that person. If you are planning on paying from a savings account, you will need to get documentation from the bank that holds the account that the funds are there.
Before you even start looking for a house, you need to get pre-approved by a bank or lender. Don't worry about it being the exact lender you will use; it is common to shop around for the lender as you get closer to the loan, this is because each lender will be able to give you slightly different deals, so you should choose the one that works best for you. But getting pre-approved for a loan is very important before you start shopping.
You may think that you can afford a certain amount, but banks and mortgage lenders have strict rules for the loan. They will give you a certain amount based on your numbers. So although you may want to get a house in a certain range, if the bank won't loan to you, then you can't get it. This number is based off of your credit score, your debt to income ratio, and how much you can put down in a down payment. Never go house shopping without a pre-approval.
When I started thinking about my life, I realized that I was spending a lot more money than I should be every month on little extras. I wanted to streamline things, so I decided to start focusing on getting my finances in order. I started looking around my house, and I was pleased to discover that there were more than a few things I could sell for a little extra cash. I put them online, and I was amazed to see how quickly they sold. After selling some things, I was able to get my finances in order, which was a huge relief. This blog is all about getting your finances in order.
Javascript is required to use OS Responsive Image Gallery OS Responsive Image Gallery is free simple and easy Responsive Image Gallery Joomla module with drag and drop feature, OS Responsive Image Gallery has free and premium version
New Location, New Name, Lynnwood Motoplex powersports dealership. After more than 30 years a name becomes a valuable commodity to any business but what had begun as a "Yamaha Only" store had evolved into much, much more. Even though the Powers family agonized over their decision to make the Lynnwood Yamaha, Inc. name go away and replace it, they felt like the name had become as limiting as the space the previous store had available.
The primary line for most of those 30 years had been Yamaha but a few years ago the growth in the powersports industry has enabled the Family run business to expand its offering to include Ski-doo, KTM and Polaris with plans to continue to carefully consider other additions. With the new move, the Powers family felt it was time to make a name change that would reflect the broader product line and the dealership's commitment to growth.
After lots of brainstorming, LYNNWOOD MOTOPLEX emerged as the name that best expressed the families enlarged vision. For a couple years you will see that all of the advertising will include the phrase 'LYNNWOOD MOTOPLEX, new home of Lynnwood Yamaha, Inc.' The Powers family wants to communicate that we are not different than we were in terms of ownership and commitment to our customers - we are 'more' than we were.
This email is slightly belated, but I wanted to say "thank you" for the wonderful trip that you organized for me and Josh (the Canadians) in March. To hike the
High Atlas mountains and see Berber life in the many villages we passed was a very special and neat experience.
I also very much enjoyed the time that Josh and I spent with your family. Your wife prepared so many lovely meals and I fell in love with your beautiful children! I have attached two photos of them to this email.
They said many warm words to address of Jamal, cooker and all staff ( good food, excellent care and attention to all requests, skilled guides, etc).
They said that combine tour idea ( sightseeng+mountains+coast) is good and the tour is with good dinamics.
My email is very late but I want to say thank you again for arranging my trek in Toubkal in March 2010. It was a very good experience and I hope to repeat it sometime in the future!
W e had a great time and we realise that we owe you a lot of thanks for tour great organisation and your team of Lahcen and Abde and his beautiful mule!
Thanks very much to you, Jamil and Mohammed for our wonderful trek in the Atlas Mountains. It was a highlight of our holiday in Morocco.
Please find attached the photos we took of your lovely daughter. We’ll send some photos of the trek in a separate email.
I hope you are doing fine! We so much enjoyed our stay in your beautiful country that we would like to come back this summer with our children (2 girls: 3,5 years - 5,5 years old by then).
Thank you so much for the wonderful tour you and Hassan gave us of your community and Toubkal. We really enjoyed this experience and will certainly never forget it.
Sidra and I are back in Toronto now, safe and sound, and are excited to tell our friends all about our adventures!
Here are some of the photos we took. I hope you can view them from this email. Please let me know if you can't, and I will send them in another format. Feel free to use them on your website if you wish.
Thank you again and I hope that things continue to go well with your business, your guest house and most of all your family.
Thank you very much for the splendid hike you and your men made for us on our first trip to Morocco. It will not be the last. It was very interesting to see Berber life up in the valleys and of course the climbing of Jebel Toubkal in the beautiful morning sun was a highlight. Berber food is splendid! We are looking forward to seeing you, your children and men again soon. If you have other proposals for hiking in the area High/Lower Atlas, please inform us. The pictures from the trip have been admired from our neighbours/friends.
Thank you for this trek in the Berber villages. We keep an unforgettable memory. That we really liked: the scenery, walking, discovering another culture, way of life. We also enjoyed your performance guide and cook and mule. Anyway, all members of the group think only one thing: to return.
cracking the sat french subject test 15th edition college test preparation no short description cracking the sat french subject test 15th edition college test preparation because this is pdf file PDF file
cracking the sat french subject test 15th edition college test preparation no short description cracking the sat french subject test 15th edition college test preparation because this is doc file DOC file
julius caesar study guide answer key act 5 no short description julius caesar study guide answer key act 5 because this is doc file DOC file
introduction to classical and modern test theory no short description introduction to classical and modern test theory because this is pdf file PDF file
introduction to classical and modern test theory no short description introduction to classical and modern test theory because this is doc file DOC file
anatomy and physiology bone tissue study guide no short description anatomy and physiology bone tissue study guide because this is pdf file PDF file
anatomy and physiology bone tissue study guide no short description anatomy and physiology bone tissue study guide because this is doc file DOC file
2004 infiniti fx45 owners manual no short description 2004 infiniti fx45 owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
2004 infiniti fx45 owners manual no short description 2004 infiniti fx45 owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
ukulele club of santa cruz songbook 3 no short description ukulele club of santa cruz songbook 3 because this is doc file DOC file
2005 dodge neon owners manual no short description 2005 dodge neon owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
2005 dodge neon owners manual no short description 2005 dodge neon owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
correct oil for bmw 318i manual no short description correct oil for bmw 318i manual because this is pdf file PDF file
correct oil for bmw 318i manual no short description correct oil for bmw 318i manual because this is doc file DOC file
by scott b diamond microsoft office access 2007 vba 1st frist edition paperback no short description by scott b diamond microsoft office access 2007 vba 1st frist edition paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
by scott b diamond microsoft office access 2007 vba 1st frist edition paperback no short description by scott b diamond microsoft office access 2007 vba 1st frist edition paperback because this is doc file DOC file
city a story of roman planning and construction no short description city a story of roman planning and construction because this is pdf file PDF file
city a story of roman planning and construction no short description city a story of roman planning and construction because this is doc file DOC file
Better Out Than In by Adam Wallace no short description Better Out Than In by Adam Wallace because this is pdf file PDF file
Better Out Than In by Adam Wallace no short description Better Out Than In by Adam Wallace because this is doc file DOC file
brookscole empowerment series essential research methods for social work sw 385r social work research methods no short description brookscole empowerment series essential research methods for social work sw 385r social work research methods because this is pdf file PDF file
brookscole empowerment series essential research methods for social work sw 385r social work research methods no short description brookscole empowerment series essential research methods for social work sw 385r social work research methods because this is doc file DOC file
women in the world of the earliest christians illuminating ancient ways of life no short description women in the world of the earliest christians illuminating ancient ways of life because this is pdf file PDF file
women in the world of the earliest christians illuminating ancient ways of life no short description women in the world of the earliest christians illuminating ancient ways of life because this is doc file DOC file
Garden staples, home-baked good and other seasonal, local finds are available for purchase each Saturday at the Merriam Farmers' Market. Join us on Wednesday evenings June through August for a mid-week visit too!
(You can find free books, but still there available few chapters, but still if you like something you can go and buy it.)
(A Good place to go... if you have money... fake credit cards you can get some free ebooks or free audiobooks... but still don't try with fake credit to get a paper-back, try ebooks and audiobooks and if you do it try to be as much secured as possible try to to remove or as I will they say it "Erasing Your Internet Footprints", after all it doesn't make a lot of sense, but still have this in mind.)
(If you are an author you can upload your works there and even download them... the free stuff are more likely the most worst shit you have ever found, but if you have money you can find good stuff.)
(If you know James, you know for what I am talking about... if you don't know him... so go and check out this guy...)
Hello gents! I am Kayani, shemale from blessed BRAZIL, FIRST TIME in DUBAI. I can definitely provide anything you have the taste for. I have a stunning figure, tiny soft "
The Marc Fisher Tanker Boots feature a Suede upper with a Round Toe. The Man-Made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.
WalkSpice.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Walton Manor are proud to announce our superb care apartments and suites which form part of our new luxury development set within Walton Manor's idyllic landscaped grounds. Offering you independence and choice with our renowned high standards of care on hand for complete peace of mind. All this comes with a-la carte dining. Our luxury apartments all highly appointed and private; perfect for entertaining family and friends.
"We pride ourselves on being only one of a very few care homes in the UK that provide these facilities".
Atlanta has some of the most incredible murals I've ever seen. Several of my favorites in the city are in the neighborhood of Little Five Points, or L5P.
Home of indie, alternative, and "other" kinds of shops, Little Five Points is an exciting, vibrant, cultural scene. Shopping and dining destinations include Junkman's Daughter (the neighborhood's retail landmark), Vortex Bar & Grill (famous for its Bike Night), and Criminal Records (a music shop).
Big News!!! I'm going to be an author! An AUTHOR !!! A few days ago I executed a contract with Emons Publishing , in Cologne, German...
Many of you know that I lived in Greece for more than two years, when I was 19-21, and speak of that time as some of the greatest fun I...
Georgia State Capitol Building One of the most commonly asked questions of Atlanta architecture is specific to one of our most remarkable...
Don't you just love surprises? The good kind, I mean. Like finding a $20 bill in the pocket of the winter coat you've not worn sinc...
I recently experienced the awesome excitement of an Atlanta Rollergirls bout, a double-header actually, which was my first-ever roller der...
Of all the things I love and find interesting, and there's a lot, being a tourist is a passion that has been consistent throughout my life. I hope you enjoy some of what I share here...
Looking east along Hunter St., now Martin Luther King Blvd., from the intersection with Broad St.,...
Email* Please enter email. Please enter a valid email. This email already exists please try with another.
Play math online games on your computer with all your good friends or with your teacher or mother and father on zMathGames™. Our educative math online games will develop your math skills and raise your rapid thinking abilities and coordination all simultaneously.
Wow! Thank you. I always wanted to write in my site something like that. Can I take part of your post to my blog?
This is getting a bit more subjective, but I much prefer the Zune Marketplace. The interface is colorful, has more flair, and some cool features like Mixview that let you quickly see related albums, songs, or other users related to what youre listening to. Clicking on one of those will center on that item, and another set of neighbors will come into view, allowing you to navigate around exploring by similar artists, songs, or users. Speaking of users, the Zune Social is also great fun, letting you find others with shared tastes and becoming friends with them. You then can listen to a playlist created based on an amalgamation of what all your friends are listening to, which is also enjoyable. Those concerned with privacy will be relieved to know you can prevent the public from seeing your personal listening habits if you so choose.
I just couldnt leave your website before telling you that I really enjoyed the quality information you offer to your visitors… Will be back often to check up on new posts
Gals come to mind pertaining to its overall health. Having said that, just after ages progression, numerous sport activity boots and shoes manufactured gals boots and shoes to support address this trouble.
I praise you for such a excellent article here. I was searching for something like this for really a lengthy time and at last I’ve discovered it on your blog. It was certainly fascinating for me to read.
Thanks a ton for your time and efforts to have decided to put these things together on this blog site. Michael and i also very much treasured your input through your articles on certain things. I am aware that you have many demands in your schedule so the fact that you actually took all the time like you did to help people really like us by this article is actually highly liked.
I recently came across your blog and have been reading along. I thought I would leave my first comment. I do not know what to say except that I have liked reading. Wonderful blog. I will keep viewing this blog really usually.
In at least one way we are atypical bloggers. That’s because we just keep on posting. The typical blogger, like most people who go on diets and budgets, quits after a few months, weeks, or in many cases, days.
Simply because it’s my very first visit to your blog, I merely want to say hi! Enjoyable site by the way.
Overdose symptoms may include confusion, diarrhea, nausea, rapid breathing, restlessness, stomach cramps, tremor, vomiting. If overdose is suspected, contact your local poison control center or emergency room immediately.
There are actually lots of particulars like that to take into consideration. That could be a great point to bring up. I supply the thoughts above as common inspiration but clearly there are questions just like the one you convey up the place crucial thing will be working in sincere good faith. I don?t know if greatest practices have emerged around issues like that, but I’m certain that your job is clearly identified as a good game. Both girls and boys feel the influence of just a second’s pleasure, for the remainder of their lives.
require to know by now, your writing goes to the nitty-gritty of the topic. Your lucidity leaves me desirous to know more. Just so currently know, i will immediately grab your feed to keep up thus with your weblog. Saying thanks is merely my little way of saying what a masterpiece for any grand resource. Allow In my nicest needs for your incoming publish.
Heya i am for the first time here. I came across this board and I find It really useful & it helped me out much. I hope to give something back and aid others like you helped me.
I was simply looking at useful blog articles for the project research when I happened to stumble upon yours. Thanks for this helpful material!
You’re blogging has really come on when I look back over previous posts. Actually I arrived here from a forum on an unrelated topic. Worth surfing sometimes. Thanks.
I have that feeling too, like next year he will just wake up and establish himself as an effective major league pitcher.
This is certainly an incredibly amazing powerful resource that you’re offering and you just provide it away cost-free!! I quite like discovering websites ones understand the particular price of offering you a wonderful learning resource for zero cost. We truly dearly loved examining this article. Appreciate it!
a) Independently of all faults of our society here, you imply that by â€œDeal with your own crap!â€ we should be silent about honor killings. So, when you write lets focus on our own problems you imply that honor killings, an emerging and nasty phenomenon here should be disregarded. Wrong!
Hurrah for Rep. Darrell Issa. Rahm Emanuel was using Chicago style tactics to threathen Arizonas govenor because Rep. Kyl gave a speech against the government plans. Issa sent him a letter telling him to stop using those tactics or else.
Hey there! Exce llent piece of writing! I am a daily visitor (far like addict :P) of this website however , I had a question. I’m just not actually absoluterly certain whether it is the right web site to ask, but there are no spam comments. I receive comments every day. Possibly can you help me? Thank you!
Hey! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a collection of volunteers and starting a new initiative in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us valuable information to work on. You have done a extraordinary job!
Hey would you mind letting me know which hosting company you’re utilizing? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 completely different web browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most. Can you recommend a good web hosting provider at a fair price? Thanks a lot, I appreciate it!
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this matter to be really something which I think I would never understand. It seems too complex and extremely broad for me. I am looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it!
Excellent blog! Do you have any helpful hints for aspiring writers? I’m hoping to start my own site soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you suggest starting with a free platform like Wordpress or go for a paid option? There are so many choices out there that I’m completely confused .. Any ideas? Thanks!
whoah this blog is magnificent i love reading your articles. Keep up the good work! You know, many people are looking around for this information, you can help them greatly.
I simply want to say I am just beginner to blogs and honestly loved this blog site. Very likely I’m likely to bookmark your blog . You actually come with excellent articles. Appreciate it for revealing your website.
The other reason moving house in Germany can be much will that obtaining free cardboard boxes is virtually impossible. One cannot go to some local supermarket or newsagent to inquire about discarded boxes. My way through Germany has been recycled - a cardboard box that when held cans of pet food or washing powder is invariably coming with a recycling plant before one has an opportunity to ask. Most German removal firms offer therefore green, recyclable boxes because of sale or for hire - at a high price.
I am so happy to read this. This is the type of manual that needs to be given and not the random misinformation that’s at the other blogs. Appreciate your sharing this best doc.
I like this weblog so much, bookmarked. “I don’t care what is written about me so long as it isn’t true.” by Dorothy Parker.
[...] Since I didn’t really understand how this works, I did some searching and found an outstanding WordPress Trackback Tutorial that explains much of what I was finding confusing. [...]
I’ll immediately seize your rss feed as I can not find your e-mail subscription link or newsletter service. Do you’ve any? Kindly permit me understand so that I could subscribe. Thanks.
I do consider all the ideas you have offered in your post. They’re really convincing and will definitely work. Still, the posts are too quick for novices. May just you please prolong them a bit from next time? Thank you for the post.
Hi there, You’ve done a great job. I’ll definitely digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I am sure they will be benefited from this site.
I’ll right away take hold of your rss feed as I can’t to find your e-mail subscription hyperlink or newsletter service. Do you’ve any? Kindly permit me realize so that I may subscribe. Thanks.
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wished to say that I’ve truly enjoyed surfing around your blog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope you write again very soon!
Excellent web site. Plenty of helpful information here. I am sending it to some pals ans additionally sharing in delicious. And of course, thanks for your effort!
Thanks, I have recently been looking for info about this topic for ages and yours is the best I’ve found out so far. But, what concerning the conclusion? Are you sure concerning the source?
Dead pent articles, thanks for selective information. “He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak.” by Michel de Montaigne.
Utterly indited written content, thank you for selective information. “You can do very little with faith, but you can do nothing without it.” by Samuel Butler.
Magnificent website. Lots of useful info here. I am sending it to several friends ans also sharing in delicious. And naturally, thanks for your sweat!
hello there and thanks in your info – I have certainly picked up anything new from right here. I did however experience several technical issues the usage of this website, as I experienced to reload the web site many occasions previous to I could get it to load correctly. I were thinking about in case your web hosting is OK? Not that I am complaining, but slow loading circumstances occasions will very frequently affect your placement in google and can harm your high quality ranking if advertising and ***********|advertising|advertising|advertising and *********** with Adwords. Anyway I’m including this RSS to my email and can glance out for a lot more of your respective interesting content. Make sure you replace this once more soon..
Good day! I could have sworn I’ve been to this site before but after browsing through a few of the posts I realized it’s new to me. Regardless, I’m certainly delighted I stumbled upon it and I’ll be bookmarking it and checking back regularly!
You actually make it appear really simple along with your presentation but I locate this subject to be actually something which I believe I may well never realize. It seems too complicated and very broad for me. I’m taking a appear forward for your next post, I will try to get the cling of it!
Appreciate it for all your efforts that you have put in this. very interesting info. “Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties.” by Aesop.
You produced some decent points there. I looked on the internet for that difficulty and discovered many people is going together with with the internet website.
I really like your writing style, superb information, thanks for posting :D. “God save me from my friends. I can protect myself from my enemies.” by Claude Louis Hector de Villars.
Internal direct, training, contentment, honour, forbearance plus sentence. Usually a percentage of problems that Tang Soo Write, the actual Mandarin chinese martial art related to self-defense, can educate we additionally instilling in you the strength not just in defend your business women and men capability related with spotting hazard joins to refrain from giving confrontation completely.
Great comment, Nigel! You bring up a lot of good points, and I think the majority will agree with you. I’m guessing this ant, however, has a bit of an ego
This will be a terrific web site, could you be involved in doing an interview regarding just how you developed it? If so e-mail me!
I’ve been absent for some time, but now I remember why I used to love this website. Thank you, I’ll try and check back more often. How frequently you update your website?
Wow. Phenominal interview. Way to share, Elliot. I love your style. Michael, well done interview. You ask all the right questions — even the ones Elliot refuses to answer. :) I should have gone to bed an hour ago but once i started the video I couldn’t stop! I can’t wait for next week’s tutorial, Dr. Silver.
Thank you so much for giving me an update on this matter on your website. Please know that if a new post appears or if perhaps any alterations occur with the current submission, I would want to consider reading more and learning how to make good use of those strategies you write about. Thanks for your time and consideration of other men and women by making this blog available.
I just read that the defense attorney for Dennis Pittman got to question the Cantrells ( the foster parents) My question is why did they excuse the jury first? The jury needs to know what kind of people these are. Every question the attorney asked both of the parents got the same answer…”I refuse to answer that due to my constitutional rights” What kind of bullshit is that? I am sick and tired of these freaks getting away with shit while Innocent people .Like my cousin Jamie Pittman is sitting in prison accused of things he didn’t do. The justice system has truely failed them!!!
Darren- Hello. I started reading Success six months ago because I was looking for a motivational magazine to help me .because I am going through a divorce. I found myself glued to your publication and at that moment I felt has if .I was not the only out there looking to make changes. I started this course and have found it difficult because of looking hard at the past ten years along with trying to figure out .what I want for the next ten years. I have ideas and now have establish goals but, I always feel like I stay in that position and never .move forward. My question is do I just jump in and start doing my ideas and goals and adjust has I move forward? How do you take that first step to move forward? Thank you. Roland . .[DARREN HARDY] Yes, jump in and use the plan of action and next weeks Achievement Management System to get you started and guide you along the way. [Reply]
Very practical tips. The color psychology part is pretty insightful. Gotta make use of that sometime.
It is actually a great and useful piece of info. I am satisfied that you simply shared this useful info with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
I really like your writing style, wonderful information, regards for putting up :D. “Kennedy cooked the soup that Johnson had to eat.” by Konrad Adenauer.
Hi, i feel that i noticed you visited my weblog thus i got here to “return the choose”.I’m trying to find issues to enhance my site!I assume its good enough to use a few of your concepts!!
Hiya, I’m genuinely glad I’ve found this data. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossips and net and this really is actually irritating. A good weblog with intriguing content, this really is what I need. Thank you for keeping this website, I’ll be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Can not discover it.
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far added agreeable from you! However, how could we communicate?
Great – I should certainly pronounce, impressed with your website. I had no trouble navigating through all tabs and related information ended up being truly easy to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it in the least. Quite unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or anything, site theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Nice task.
Simply a smiling visitor here to share the love (:, btw outstanding layout. “Make the most of your regrets… . To regret deeply is to live afresh.” by Henry David Thoreau.
It¡¦s really a cool and helpful piece of information. I am satisfied that you simply shared this useful information with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.
I am only writing to make you understand what a wonderful discovery our child encountered using your web page. She even learned too many things, not to mention how it is like to have an excellent giving style to get others smoothly thoroughly grasp chosen extremely tough subject areas. You truly surpassed readers’ desires. I appreciate you for producing those good, trusted, informative and also easy thoughts on this topic to Jane.
I have been surfing online more than three hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all web owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the net will be much more useful than ever before.
Thank you for the sensible critique. Me and my neighbor were just preparing to do some research about this. We got a grab a book from our area library but I think I learned more clear from this post. I’m very glad to see such great info being shared freely out there.
I¡¦m not positive where you’re getting your information, however good topic. I needs to spend a while studying more or understanding more. Thanks for great info I was searching for this information for my mission.
Absolutely composed articles, regards for entropy. “You can do very little with faith, but you can do nothing without it.” by Samuel Butler.
It¡¦s actually a great and helpful piece of info. I¡¦m happy that you shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wished to say that I’ve truly enjoyed browsing your blog posts. After all I will be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope you write again very soon!
I do accept as true with all of the concepts you’ve presented for your post. They are really convincing and can definitely work. Still, the posts are very short for novices. May just you please prolong them a bit from subsequent time? Thanks for the post.
[...] relationships with other bloggers. Check out this extremely well-written trackback tutorial Permalink [...]
I just want to tell you that I am all new to blogging and site-building and really enjoyed this web site. Most likely I’m likely to bookmark your site . You certainly have incredible writings. Kudos for sharing your web page.
I’m impressed, I have to say. Actually hardly ever do I encounter a weblog that’s each educative and entertaining, and let me let you know, you’ve got hit the nail on the head. Your concept is outstanding; the problem is one thing that not sufficient persons are talking intelligently about. I’m very joyful that I stumbled throughout this in my search for something regarding this.
I simply want to tell you that I’m new to blogging and site-building and seriously enjoyed this page. Most likely I’m going to bookmark your website . You absolutely have wonderful article content. Bless you for sharing with us your blog site.
It truly is has been imprisoned with Ohio with regard to drag-racing, I can happily point out i always seemed to be your specialist compared to needed him in child custody soon after he ignored arrest. As i observed they seemed to be leading to difficulty My spouse and i immediately named Obama in addition to supplied your pet my providers, he or she gladly recognized in addition to received myself for the following journey towards the YOU.
Here is the place where you can find also my short stories, even news and to don't forget critical notes, and even 2 screen plays. The first is the worst the second is an example of well written and well played.
a social history of france 1780 1914 second edition no short description a social history of france 1780 1914 second edition because this is pdf file PDF file
a social history of france 1780 1914 second edition no short description a social history of france 1780 1914 second edition because this is doc file DOC file
university of venda application form 2015 no short description university of venda application form 2015 because this is pdf file PDF file
university of venda application form 2015 no short description university of venda application form 2015 because this is doc file DOC file
unit 19 motor controls answers no short description unit 19 motor controls answers because this is doc file DOC file
my first counting book army my first counting books simon schuster no short description my first counting book army my first counting books simon schuster because this is pdf file PDF file
my first counting book army my first counting books simon schuster no short description my first counting book army my first counting books simon schuster because this is doc file DOC file
mental health care for urban indians clinical insights from native practitioners no short description mental health care for urban indians clinical insights from native practitioners because this is pdf file PDF file
mental health care for urban indians clinical insights from native practitioners no short description mental health care for urban indians clinical insights from native practitioners because this is doc file DOC file
phet skate park questions answers no short description phet skate park questions answers because this is pdf file PDF file
phet skate park questions answers no short description phet skate park questions answers because this is doc file DOC file
honda accord owner39s manual no short description honda accord owner39s manual because this is pdf file PDF file
honda accord owner39s manual no short description honda accord owner39s manual because this is doc file DOC file
shapeshifting into higher consciousness heal and transform yourself and our world with ancient shamanic and modern methods no short description shapeshifting into higher consciousness heal and transform yourself and our world with ancient shamanic and modern methods because this is pdf file PDF file
shapeshifting into higher consciousness heal and transform yourself and our world with ancient shamanic and modern methods no short description shapeshifting into higher consciousness heal and transform yourself and our world with ancient shamanic and modern methods because this is doc file DOC file
bankable business plans first printing no short description bankable business plans first printing because this is pdf file PDF file
bankable business plans first printing no short description bankable business plans first printing because this is doc file DOC file
five star fiasco jess jordan by sue limb 7 jun 2012 paperback no short description five star fiasco jess jordan by sue limb 7 jun 2012 paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
five star fiasco jess jordan by sue limb 7 jun 2012 paperback no short description five star fiasco jess jordan by sue limb 7 jun 2012 paperback because this is doc file DOC file
further selections from the prison notebooks no short description further selections from the prison notebooks because this is pdf file PDF file
further selections from the prison notebooks no short description further selections from the prison notebooks because this is doc file DOC file
orators age comprising biographical descriptive no short description orators age comprising biographical descriptive because this is pdf file PDF file
orators age comprising biographical descriptive no short description orators age comprising biographical descriptive because this is doc file DOC file
emathinstruction unit 2 answer key no short description emathinstruction unit 2 answer key because this is doc file DOC file
Nike Cortez Ultra Lotc Qs Shoes: Opportunity Mystic Green/Black Women Nike Shoes I20u8086 - ABCDLOXZ14
Note = 1: I am here for a different life... to life an odd one, but what I get is nothing more than revenge in the name somebody to safe his or her work + a heavy rain, a heavy snow. Should I continue? (Edit: Is the lastt problem)
Note = 2: It starts and it end all here, my story was told... or it it wasn't? ... Lurky flurky foxy bought a proxy ain't so loxy that's looney you remember looney from looney tunes!?
This provides us with the freedom to create what is unique, exciting, and yet refreshingly effective for each customer and each project. We have been doing certain target market focused electronic direct mailers and also providing B2B and B2C lists for customer acquisitions.
We have experience creating compelling creative to take your message directly to the audience via email, print or online. We also help you build your social presence in the internet world.
Display topics from previous: All Topics1 day7 days2 weeks1 month3 months6 months1 year Sort by AuthorPost timeRepliesSubjectViews AscendingDescending
outubro 28, 2018 outubro 28, 2018 Rafinha Santos	0 comentários Alex Garcia Lopez, Alex Zakrzewski, Amy Rutberg, Annabella Sciorra, Ayelet Zurer, Charlie Cox, Danny Johnson, Dara Resnik, Deborah Ann Woll, Dylan Gallagher, Elden Henson, Erik Oleson, Geoffrey Cantor, Jay Ali, Jennifer Getzinger, Jennifer Lynch, Jet Wilkinson, Jim Dunn, Joanne Whalley, Julian Holmes, Lewaa Nasserdeen, Lukas Ettlin, Marc Jobst, Matt Gerald, Peter McRobbie, Phil Abraham, Sam Ernst, Sam Miller, Sarah Streicher, Sonay Hoffman, Stephen Rider, Stephen Surjik, Tamara Becher-Wilkinson, Toa Fraser, Tonya Kong, Vincent D'Onofrio, Wilson Bethel
In this study, we investigated the characteristics of black elephant garlic powder with maltodextrin. The quality parameters were analyzed such as water absorption, color value, solubility, average particle size and aqueous stability. The mixture ratios (black elephant garlic extract:maltodextrin) were 4:6, 5:5, 6:4, and 7:3. After homogenizing, the mixtures were lyophilized to produce garlic powders. The powders showed high solubility (90.87-96.93%). The lightness (L) decreased with increasing extract amount, whereas the redness (a) and yellowness (b) values increased. The average particle size decreased with increasing maltodextrin content except the 7:3 mixture ratio. The aqueous stability of the powders after 8 h ranged between 0.54 and 0.64. The absorption characteristics were measured under different relative humidities (11-84%) and temperatures (25 and 35℃) to calculate the mono-layer moisture content, the Guggenheim-Anderson-Boer (GAB) and Brunauer-Emmett-Teller (BET) equations were applied. Overall, the mixture of 4:6 presented a low equilibrium moisture content and low mono-layer moisture content regardless of the temperature. Caurie, Halsey, Kuhn, Oswin and Mizrahi models were applied to evaluate the suitability of the isotherm curve. Among them, the Halsey and Kuhn models both showed good fit because they presented high R2 values (0.934-0.992 and 0.955-0.990, respectively) and low deviations (4.829-9.436% and 5.043-9.989%, respectively).
Click, they aren't the best constructive reviews, but still look them, read them you gonna get my point for example you can get an answer on the topic... why do I give a rating like "1" star or "2" or "3" or "4" or "5" to a specific book and to other a whole different rate.
- People like "Lee Child" author(s) or "Stephen King" or "Dean Koontz" or "James Patterson", but the question here is why do I give them such type of rate... like 1 or 2 or max up to 3 starts... it's rare to see me even impossible around Lee Child works - me to give to his books something like 4-5 - as a rating.
As for Stephen King here it goes random sometimes 2-3... but others 4 and 5... it depends for which work we are talking about, Dean Koontz the same scenario and here. James Patterson new series "BookShots" are awful but his novels which around. Which means in others words Stephen King dissapoints me sometimes, the same and Dean Koontz, James Patterson. But sometimes, some of them come back with a great work which is whole big level of SUPRISE!
- Michael Bennet and also Alex Cross. If you don't believe me that Bookshots, go and check out few works around "BookShots" and make your own conclusions.
- Yeah, I give some random books... but still I do that thing .... sometimes... like when I am specific mood.... and when I do it... they are in about 20, 25, 30, 35 books... and that's all... it's rare to see me to make a "ThrowBack" like 45 books and to be free for download and to be "Original".
(Note: I tolerate "FREE DOWNLOAD", but still if you want something... do it by yourself... make the research...)
- It's important if you give a opinion try in one-two pages to be or less... or more... Make your choice... that I write in 8-10 pages Philosophy and now and new books are comming out which are going to be around 100 pages or even 200 pages or 300 pages. "The Life Of One Kid" is something like 9 volumes and it's in about 300 Pages ... first part was a short one - if we are talking about the pages, the second one was more longer... so far it goes and for the last... I Started in about max up to 100 pages... so I ended the series with the same amount.
- Try to live on the streets or to be walking around time as 20:00 PM up to 01:00 on the streets, look the people which are passing by you... Ladies... girls... boys... men, man, guy, guys... and so on and so on. YOu can take notes or you can look them in the faces and to make fast opinion about them.
Think on these questions and probably in some cases you can gather this information which you have received from this questions and to use it in some of your novels, OF COURSE... CHANGE STREETS, TIME, DATES, PLACES AND APPLY THE CHARACTER WHICH YOU SAW INTO A CHARACTER WHICH YOU HAVE CREATED.... - aND TRY TO PLAY WITH IT.
70.0% "The audiobook is full of rough cuts... if you want a good read of this amazing work try by reading the paperback book or the e-book."
70.0% "Nothing is as funny than a book in which the author jokes with himself... makes jokes for himself and laughs...
- It didn't fully changed my mood... or the way I feel, but still this work made a little change in my life. It make me to re-think some stuff and probably even to don't put limits... just to follow the flow and to try sometimes to control it.
(I never did liked such type of genre... Now i kinda like it... out of 100% at least 30-40% I like comedy.)
The book is a good guide for laughing at your disadvantages... and to ignore them and to don't give a fuck.
50.0% "To Read science... crime... gruesome stuff and that's what happens after few years on being on this material, still I don't find him as very complex. But this doesn't change the picture about "TRYING TO GET COMPLEX", I am sure that Dean Koontz after all is trying to get the complex cards.
50.0% "Still this doesn't change the picture that madness and insanity have been put here... you can meet here in one place Stephen King + James Patterson + Jack Ketchum + Clive Barker.... = Dean Koontz.
That's how I see the picture, Dean Koontz looks like sci-fi maniac who has spend a lot of time from his free time to read."
"Works are just works... old material... words on paper... nothing more... nothing less.. you got fake dices and trying to play with the air and to make real dices... it's as crazy you go deeper." - Ransom Quinckerberry
"The work is masterpiece... look the dead bodies... a guy with a strange look is gathering information while watching the dead bodies... and in the same time there is a guy who is gathers information while you speak with him/her...
"Everything is juicy while somebody else is in control of all and everything... it's easy... giving features to somebody else... to create a character - A fake one and to apply a real character to the fake one... for example Jack is a real figure and with little work we just created GreenHollyWood... A Great name for a drunk fat ass guy." - Ransom Quinckerberry
"Typing is a disease... always you think you can handle more than you can..." - Ransom Quinckerberry
"Now do something simple... put your hands inside in your pants and touch your cock... look how powerful is it... this is thing which helps in raping women... that's how they get raped... No Permission for sex... some kinda men... a strong one comes and puts his dick without a woman to want." - Ransom Quinckerberry
The question is why so... why I don't feel in the mood to edit... I can write, but not and edit. But still (The Strain Season 1 episode 13) - It has it's own words for closure, it want to put us in close with the characters. Trying it's best, it puts in play... the stories of the characters from the past... It plays in the "Now"... and it goes sometimes in a motion picture of the "Past".
The writer, writers, the actors, the producer, director all this team wants us to get as much close to the story as possible, that's the idea of TV Series and movies and films, IN OTHER WORDS THIS IS THE MAIN CONCEPT OF TV SHOW. If there isn't such magic, is there a reason to go and watch it?
Note: The problem is that words and sentences as always continue and never stop… I GOT A BAD RESULT… A GOOD ONE … BOTH WAYS THE TREATMAN IS THE SAME… AND WHY SO STUPID?
Joey, Nick and Ari watch their favorite mall themed homicidal robot rampage horror comedy classic: CHOPPING MALL.
About 240,813 shares traded or 82.79% up from the average. AbbVie Inc (NYSE:ABBV) has risen 10.63% since November 19, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 24.14% the S&P500. Bank of America initiated Bank of Nova Scotia (TSE:BNS) on Tuesday, November 1 with "Buy" rating. The institutional investor held 3.30M shares of the major banks company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $198.08M, down from 3.36M at the end of the previous reported quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia has a 12 month low of C$71.46 and a 12 month high of C$84.70. New England Research & Management Inc. lifted its stake in shares of Bank of Nova Scotia (The) by 1.3% in the second quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia (TSE:BNS) has 0.00% since November 18, 2016 and is. The consensus target price is $60.34 with 4 firms rating the stock a strong buy, 5 firms rating the stock a buy, 8 firms rating the stock a hold, 1 firm rating the stock a underperform, and finally 0 firms rating the stock a sell. The Company's Regenerative Biomaterials segment includes the design, manufacture, and marketing of products and tissue processing services for the Wound Care, Surgical, Sports Medicine, Ophthalmic and Dental market categories. It has a 38.91 P/E ratio.
Since June 1, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 12 insider sales for $56.74 million activity. Its up 0.01, from 0.99 in 2017Q1.
Aviance Capital Partners Llc increased its stake in Abbvie Inc. 37 funds opened positions while 102 raised stakes. Lodestar Inv Counsel Ltd Limited Liability Company Il reported 8,810 shares. Waddell And Reed Financial accumulated 1.02M shares or 0.13% of the stock. Invesco Limited has 0.23% invested in Visa Inc (NYSE:V) for 7.88M shares. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust owns 4.57 million shares or 0.49% of their U.S. portfolio. Lazard Asset Mngmt Lc invested 0.05% in AbbVie Inc (NYSE:ABBV). Parametric Portfolio Associates Ltd Liability reported 0% stake. Jpmorgan Chase owns 437,909 shares. Renaissance Technology Ltd Liability has 681,900 shares for 0.05% of their portfolio. Creative Planning invested 0% of its portfolio in Flowers Foods, Inc. Credit Suisse Ag invested in 0% or 94,961 shares. Lakeview Cap Ptnrs holds 0.33% or 4,283 shares in its portfolio. Therefore 42% are positive. Abbvie Inc had 67 analyst reports since July 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock has "Equal-Weight" rating by Barclays Capital on Friday, October 13. The firm has "Market Underperform" rating given on Tuesday, August 11 by JMP Securities. The company was maintained on Wednesday, August 30 by Needham. The firm has "Buy" rating given on Wednesday, February 15 by Gabelli. The firm has "Buy" rating given on Thursday, August 31 by Mitsubishi UFJ. The firm has "Sector Perform" rating by IBC given on Monday, August 17. The stock presently has a consensus rating of "Buy" and a consensus price target of $83.20. 25,000 shares were sold by Stankey Michael A., worth $2.58 million. Taylor William Charles had sold 80,000 shares worth $1.16M. The stock of Bank of Nova Scotia (NYSE:BNS) earned "Buy" rating by Dundee Securities on Wednesday, September 21. Therefore 88% are positive. Flowers Foods had 31 analyst reports since September 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. On Thursday, June 9 the stock rating was downgraded by Macquarie Research to "Neutral". The rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets with "Outperform" on Wednesday, May 31. The stock has "Outperform" rating by RBC Capital Markets on Wednesday, December 2. On Tuesday, August 18 the stock rating was maintained by KBW with "Market Perform". The rating was maintained by Barclays Capital with "Overweight" on Thursday, October 26. The stock has "Buy" rating by Canaccord Genuity on Friday, August 28.
Investec Asset Management North America Inc decreased Cme Group Inc/Il (NASDAQ:CME) stake by 5,459 shares to 87,262 valued at $10.93 million in 2017Q2. It also increased its holding in Servicemaster (NYSE:SERV) by 35,543 shares in the quarter, for a total of 162,902 shares, and has risen its stake in Microsoft Corp.
Investors wait Bank of Nova Scotia (TSE:BNS) to report on November, 28 before the open. its quarterly earnings Wall Street analysts expect $1.68 earnings per share, up $0.10 or 6.33 % from last year's $1.58 same quarter earnings. Desjardins analyst D. Young now anticipates that the bank will earn $6.87 per share for the year, down from their prior estimate of $6.90. After having $1.27 EPS previously, Bank of Nova Scotia's analysts see 4.72 % EPS growth.
Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.
Officials at NOAA and the National Weather service say Vanuatu and New Caledonia could experience potential tsunami impacts. New Caledonia is about 2300km north of New Zealand.
The apparel retailer reported $0.72 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.05. The rating was maintained by BMO Capital Markets with "Buy" on Monday, September 11. (NYSE:TMO) rating on Tuesday, July 19.
Look it from here... Leave all the points... And start from here 435 Books I have read, 22-23... opps my mistake 24 books left to finish reading. 165 to-read, I mean books which I have choosen to read them,... my choice, my opinion. Which means that I am going to be busy at least for a while and now with a suggestion from a one user... he suggested me Neal Stephenson... and the whole trilogy isabout in about 2604 pages probably or it could be in rough way said 2700 pages...
Just stop and think about it, after few minutes my movie is going to end the movie "Shepherds and Butchers" 2016. It's a great one (sadly my father isn't home and he won't be back soon... but this is other type a story which we are going to leave it for later... I am not ready to stick around "WHAT HAPPEN WITH MY FATHER" ...as for now let's stick to this here story.). Shepherds and Butchers is a story of how black people were executed. How they were punished...
But here is not only the punish of the black race... but the white also... not everyone mentally is ready... that I can deal with dead bodies the same scenario doesn't goes and for you... IT JUST DOESN"T APPEALS TO YOU.
But we should stop here and think about it, first time did killed all it's students. Look before few years
we even didn't lived in such society like these one in which you participate. For me words matter for others is it 999 pages or 88 or 10 or 5.... both times they will ignore this book and as a second they don'T GIVE A FUCK. But here is the question is, "Is this the right direction?"... - which they have choosen?... TO don't give a fuck? ... The good for the bad... the evil for the best... the best for the worst... - RIGHT?
(Note: Just a reminder for "Criminal Minds"... wasn't the killer supposed to live no audience in the killing... nobody should know WHO IS HE... WHERE IS HE GOING.... - BUT IS THAT POSSIBLE TO BE DONE?)
OPPS YOU GOT THE IMAGE... YOU ARE NOW WITH A BIATCH... SHE IS NEXT TO YOU ... and you and her ... you are even HOLDING HANDS... LAUGHING
Clive Baker... first Jack Ketchum... he makes you that you ain't safe at home, then Clive Barker the guy who just goes in action and doesn't gives a fuck about any warnings."
20.0% "If the question is in what Clive Barker is good... the answer logically will be in ruining the whole fun...
5.0% "He can create from normal people clean psychopaths, in the end his stories become people's worst nightmares which they have ever encounter."
7.0% "If the work doesn't kill ya inside... probably the music is going to kill ya... Look the movie... just give a shot..."
P.S. - Come on, what happen with Ramsey Campbell and why this story doesn't sound as the privious story so well written?
Or that Campbell, had to write something... but didn't knew what so he just throwed some pieces and tried to put them together... but after all the pieces of the puzzles were little Crushed, destroyed!?
Young, sexy, model is a 22 year old who's got a petite, perfect, little, body of 5'4, 115 lbs, 32B-24-34, and has a gorgeous face with beautiful long brunette hair. I cater
Ramsey... played with his characters which he created and then he just pushed the trigger and killed the girl from the whole beginning for real...
80.0% "Probably it' fair one more -1 star... but still this doesn't mean this work is a bad one... it means that i could check out and other works by this author - Ramsey."
60.0% "The film goes like a game... the voices are very familiar... I mean the voices of the actors!"
Lifetime with Cyrus (LWC) is Friends of Cyrus’s sister agency. Based in South Jersey, LWC offers a thriving day habilitation program, prevocational training services, and has 10 community residences. Before November 2018, LWC was referred to as “FOCII.”
The Lifetime with Cyrus adult day habilitation program assists our clients in all aspects of daily living. When an individual joins us, our team conducts person centered planning meetings to identify the most growth-oriented activities for each individual.
LWC maintains two day habilitation programs – in Delanco, NJ and Medford, NJ. Our dedicated staff teach participants daily living skills, engage them in community activities, and identify and support prevocational training opportunities.
The Lifetime with Cyrus prevocational program provides key learning experiences designed to prepare our individuals for paid employment and volunteer work opportunities. We focus on the individuality of each participant, assessing personal interests, level of preparedness, and overall strengths. While formal prevocational training takes place in the community, our passionate staff also convey general workplace knowledge in our day habilitation program.
LWC engages in a person-centered planning process, and outlines goals and in each individual’s Person Centered Planning Tool (PCPT). We include participation in Prevocational Training in each individual’s ISP (Individual Service Plan), and provide strategies to assist our participants in reaching their goals.
Lifetime with Cyrus maintains an ever-growing community residence program. Our homes include 24-hour support and supervision, life skills training, community based and recreational activities, transportation and appropriate clinical supports.
We strive to care for each participant as if they were members of our own family, to care for our employees in order to help them succeed in their roles and to foster community relationships that promote fellowship and understanding of our clients and our community.
Our 10 homes are located throughout Southern New Jersey. Each residence is led by a house manager, an assistant house manager and a team of dedicated direct support professionals. Together, we assist our residents in meeting goals, overcoming barriers, and engaging in the community. All staff receive intensive training to meet the needs of the individuals we serve.
Friends of Cyrus is dedicated to the health, happiness and empowerment of persons with developmental disabilities. Our services are broad and our clients range from toddlers to adults.
Basic Information: The University of Arkansas is located in Fayetteville, Arkansas . This program is set up for the entry-level freshman wishing to gain their BSN or transfer students who have completed their general education requirements.
Nursing Prerequisites: Courses include Chemistry, Anatomy & Physiology with Lab, and Microbiology with Lab. These must be completed with a grade of C or better. Other prerequisite courses include English 6 credits, Mathematics/Statistics 6 credits, Sciences 16 credits, Fine Arts/Humanities 6 credits, U.S. History 3 credits, Social Sciences 9 credits, and Pre-Nursing 6 credits. The prerequisite GPA must be at least a 3.0 or better.
Application Information: The deadlines for applications are May 1st for spring admission and December 1st for fall admission. All admission information can be found here.
Financial Aid/Scholarships: Financial aid information can be found here. Scholarship information can be found here.
If you have a FroQ username and password then you can login to our super cool project management system, view files, statuses, see some digital proofs or even just say hi.
If you are here out of curiosity, why not call us, and we’ll give you a sneak preview of our full FroQ systems suite. That includes FroQFlow, FroQForum and more.
Know Fruitdale Class of 2001 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2001 Class List by adding missing names.
The top movie in theaters during 2001 was Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, grossing over $317,575,550 in its lifetime. The most popular television series for 2001 was Survivor:Australian Outback
More 2001 alumni from Fruitdale HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2001 alumni.
Alumni from the Fruitdale High School class of 2001 that have been added to this alumni directory are shown on this page. All of the people on this page graduated in '01 from Fruitdale . You can register for free to add your name to the FHS alumni directory.
If you are a Fruitdale alumn, we encourage you to register and be sure to sign up for the alumni newsletter.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Fruitdale High School	of Fruitdale, Alabama
From my viewpoint, Vacation Bible School has always seemed like organized chaos. It’s like skating on ice that’s barely frozen. You know you’re headed for disaster but you just don’t know when. I love it, but it stresses me out with all the variables, intangibles, and fickleness of the children. And yet, if the truth be known, more kids have probably come to Christ through Vacation Bible School than any other form of evangelism. It really works and kids around the world love it.
Our mission team assisted First Baptist Parras in a mission VBS at a house in a community located on the northern end of town. This meant three of the five classrooms were outside—outside where there were all kinds of things going on—all kinds of distractions. Those distractions and interruptions were all possible opportunities for the enemy to steal the attention of a child and thus rob them of their moment of salvation—or so I thought. That week was a life-changing moment for me as I witnessed God’s power in the midst of what seemed like utter confusion.
Let me give you a taste of the chaos as I witnessed it. The VBS was literally steps off a dirt street
that suddenly became a main thoroughfare every afternoon. The tan colored dust blew continually, and then one afternoon it came a monsoon—with muddy water running like a river right through the middle of the VBS. The teachers and the kids didn’t miss a beat—it didn’t seem to bother them at all.
One afternoon a dump truck stopped at the end of the house and began to back up. The backup alarm began to beep, and it beeped, and it beeped, and it kept on beeping. All of a sudden the dump bed began to raise and a load of rocks came tumbling off not ten feet away from a table filled with VBS kids. The noise of the avalanche ended as a cloud of that perpetual dust erupted and then settled over everything. The teachers and the kids didn’t miss a beat—it didn’t seem to bother them.
But, the biggest interruption of the week happened every afternoon at the exact same moment. You could set your watch by him—with him being the “Ice Cream Man from Hell” as I know affectionately refer to him. Each evening he would show up with his ice cream cart and park it about 5 feet from the edge of the little kids’ table. And then…he would ring his infernal little bell every so often. It was one of those moments where I wished I knew just a few words in Spanish. But, the teachers and the kids didn’t miss a beat—it didn’t seem to bother them at all.
The things I saw as interruptions were nothing more than moments in life for these people. They were there for one purpose and that was to show the kids the love of Jesus Christ. In the dust, the mud, the beeping, and the bell ringing, God showed up. What seemed like chaos and confusion to me was nothing more than another opportunity for him to demonstrate the power of the Gospel and its ability to change lives. Eight kids and two adults met Jesus alongside that dusty road busy with movements of everyday life.
God reminded me that he could work in any situation where his people are faithful to proclaim and demonstrate his love. He is not limited to moments of silence and quiet introspection. He’s God! The interruptions of the enemy may disrupt us, but they never disrupt God. I’ve come away from this experience with a deeper appreciation for God’s power and love. He is the order in chaos—clarity in confusion—the life that changes the moment—the unlimited One erasing our own self-imposed limits. He’s God.
He is God, and I am not. Therefore, there really is no such thing as a disruption, an interruption, or chaos that can challenge the presence and the power of God. Once you come to grips with that my friend, you encounter a life-changing moment!
Recently, I made a trip to the dump to jettison our bi-monthly garbage collection. My outings to the local landfill are always an adventure since I am still a kid at heart. Three things utterly fascinate me about the dump: the size of the machinery rumbling around pulverizing the garbage, the sheer number of turkey buzzards lurking on the outskirts awaiting mealtime, and the remote possibility that I might find something useful that has been discarded (one man’s trash is another man’s treasure, or so the saying goes).
As I was offering my rather large sacrifice of big, black Hefty bags on this mountain of refuse, I seemed to hear the voice of the Holy Spirit telling me to look around and pay attention to the scene unfolding. You may be thinking, what’s to see—it’s the dump already. Sacks of rubbish were being shredded and pulverized by the tracks of the large dozer as it methodically ran back and forth across the crest of the pile. Crumpled cans, punctured plastic jugs, broken glass, and a paper menagerie of every shade and color surrendered to crushing force of that relentless Caterpillar D-9. The tortured terrain was otherworldly—sort of like a scene after the Apocalypse.
To make the landscape even more uninviting, a horde of vultures surrounded the perimeter, just out of harm’s way, waiting for the precise moment when the machine stopped compacting so they could begin dining on a smorgasbord of rubbish. I don’t know if you’ve ever seen a turkey buzzard up close, but they are big, ugly, and intimidating. They don’t walk—they hop, and here at this dump, they don’t fly unless they are forced to. They just wait…and wait…and wait for something dead.
Standing there on the bed of my old truck I let the scene my eyes were seeing ruminate in my mind, and then it sank like a rock into my spirit. This mountain of debris is the world Jesus came to visit in the Incarnation. This pile of compost is the place we make our home. God created a garden and we traded that divine domain for a rubbish pit. Not a very appealing picture I know, but an appropriate one nonetheless.
It was then the Holy Spirit reminded me of something. What he was teaching me was not an environmental lesson about being a better steward of the earth, but a spiritual lesson so that I might open my eyes and see the reality around me. Every day, we walk through a garbage dump littered with the lives of broken and crushed people. Scattered all around us are the wounded and the hopeless—trash in the minds of some, but treasured in the heart of God. Men and women crushed by the unpredictable tracks of life and hammered by their own mistakes and choices. The scene was ghastly as it unfolded. I could hear their groans and theirs silent cries for help.
In the midst of the ghoulish landscape stood the enemy and his henchmen patiently awaiting that moment when they could swoop in and hell’s jaws would engulf another helpless soul. I was reminded of how Jesus used the city dump of Jerusalem in the Valley of Gehenna to illustrate hell—the place where the worm never died and the flames were never extinguished. His illustration took on life as my senses were overloaded with the sights, sounds, and smells before me.
In that moment, I realized as followers of Christ, our responsibility is not to add to the amount of garbage already on the pile, but to fish out those who have been abandoned, or crushed, or shattered and left for dead on this rubbish heap on which we live. This is not our home—this is our mission field. Jesus plucked us out from beneath the crushing weight of sin, healed our hearts, implanted his Spirit within us, gifted us, and commanded us to be dumpster divers. We are heaven’s treasure hunters sent out to scour the pits, the piles, and the pigsties for those who are beloved of God.
There isn't any time for re-reading over and over over and over and over and over and over a book, it's so stupid... it's so fucking stupid... Okay... you read the story you like it... okay... try another work by this author, if he doesn't have try other author... You want some kinda recommendation for other authors?
4. Edgar Allan Poe (After all he is not bad... you can try one.. .two works if you don't like him okay... I get the message.)
10. Robert B Park (Probably near to Soap opera... but still you can give a chance to this old dead man...)
11. Ramsey Campbell (Two works so far I have read by this guy and... once for start 1-2 out of 5 and once I was confused what to give... should it be 4 or 5?! - I mean the rating.)
13. DeYtH Banger (You can check out my works... also... feel free... I have got few novels out there... short stories...)
If you didn't liked this work okay... at least try one more by this author if you feel like that the judge wasn't fair... and if he disappoints you double and if there are movies and they also disappoint you...
The First book which I read by him was... in fucking hell the worst experience I have ever got from a book, then I went to watch the film adaptations of few of his Jack Reacher books.
Again the same goes and here... so I was here clear and the judge was made... and he as a author sucks, that's a fact.
Note: I won't waste your time or mein time with anymore shit and I am going to give you in about 45 Books FREE - Random Authors!
Boreal Lynx is the consummate all-rounder. Featuring a subtly downturned last shape and ultra sticky Zenith rubber, Lynx is just as happy padding up a friction slab as it is standing on micro edges. Such versatility makes this the perfect (do it all) shoe.
NOTE: Client verification is highly required prior meeting for safety and security purposes... Hello Dearest Friends! Are you looking for an extra ordinary experience
I've been around tech for more than 30 years and consider myself pretty literate in all things digital. However every once in awhile an...
This is a cute, timely piece of engaging video content from Sainsbury's to push hard on a killer Christmas present/game this year - Speak...
Is there an antidote to feeling remote? Recent research by leadership gurus David Maxfield and Joseph Grenny highlights some serious...
For years I've wondered whether the paths of PR agencies and management consultancies would somehow converge, and I still think it's a...
The length of my hair is not breaking. No strands during wash days, and no breakage at any other point than the ends. Never had these problems before, so I'm really concerned.
From your picture you posted, it looks like it would benefit you greatly to cut 2 even 3 inches of your ends. If this problem has been going on for awhile then it is best to just get rid of the weak ends. Are you relaxed? If so then a protein treatment would benefit yo greatly. And the care free curl activator may be overly moisturizing your stands causing them to be limp and snap. Relaxed hairs protein bonds are already delicate and damaged just from the process of relaxing, so you need to add protein back to your hair to build strength. And a regular leave in conditioner would be better than the carefree curl because it is so wet.
The weird thing is, my hair is uneven in the back. It's always been that way, so I'm not crazed by it. The hair isn't unhealthy. Its just uneven. I'll get around to cutting it one day but for now its unnecessary. It grows that way because when I get my hair braided, the distribution of my growth aids is uneven as I apply it. So, some areas grow faster than others, and then at some point down the road it catches up.
The breakage I'm referring to is the tips of the ends. I'll see if I can take a picture. The breakage isn't massive. Its like 1/4th inch snap-offs. In total I think I lost about an inch just from the snapping.
Me & NJoy spent a good bit of time on the phone today going over what might be wrong, because you guys know my growth is usually exponential and retention has never been a problem before. We came up with:
1 - I havent clarified in forever. This could be part of the problem. I need to do that at next wash.
Vee, you bring up a good point though about the CFC. It never occurred to me that I could be OVER moisturizing. My ends usually are limp. Didnt notice that until I read your post. They seem to be either really limp, or really dry. Except on wash days. (I always do a protein conditioner on wash days. Either Silicon Mix or Aphoghee)
Baggy my ends with just water and glycerine while I'm in the braids. After next week, I'm going to start wet bunning, so that way I'll avoid over moisturizing.
Yes Flow...I think that might work. The same thing was happening to me...it almost looked like someone just cut the pieces off...no rhyme or reason either. It eventually stopped, but I did lose some length because of it.
Baggied my ends for the first time in moons! Used water and glycerin. Omg! My ends are so, so, nice now. Also started with the new MM4 in an applicator bottle and on 2nd application I already see some improvement. No more 2% for me.
Thanks! My hair is feeling good these days. Not a single end tip has broken since the cut (Thx Veemack), and my hair has been hydrated and manageable since I started doing plastic caps with a silk scarf (Thx NJoy).
Even reconnected with my HairSisters, Nufsayd and 2CoreysLuvum for the occasion. This hair growing stuff is hard work. I need my sisters to keep me focused and be my accountability partners. LOL
The girl from Princesses of Long Island is supposedly seeing Jay Z a few times a month. Her name is Casey Cohen. Her schtick when filming the show was how hard of a time she had with trust. She had been cheated on, and her father cheated on her mother. So, this would be interesting, given Casey's sob story background.
They want their 15 mins of fame, but How this thot gonna say she wouldn't have done nothing out of respect for Bey but she selling her story to every magazine, She need to get a bodyguard beyhive does not play.
That's a really, REALLY good idea, thickblkbarbie. The only reason I'm on the fence with the big curl/wave is because I'm afraid that when straightened it will wind up looking like caucasian hair. No matter how on point the app may be, silky hair on a woman my color always gives away that someone is wearing a wig. So, maybe what I'll do is get an Italian Yaki for straightening and just because the texture is beautiful, and also a wavy.
But, does anyone know of a type of hair I could get in a wavy that when straightened would still give the appearance of AfAm relaxed hair? KWIM?
BTW, a girfriend posted some old pics of us on Facebook. These were back when I was rocking a glue in (lol) weave and wearing BSS silky straight. LAWD! I had no idea how fake that ish looked. SMDH
I'm in the same boat. I've been wearing a IY silktop, but I want to switch it up for summer. I ordered a kinky curly silktop from Roman. It arrives next week. I hope it's pretty and worth the wait.
I usually rock waterwave in the spring/summer. It's very low maintenance. I might try some kinky curly but I need to do research on how to maintain it
Okay so I have been trying to obtain info on the different levels/grades of hair being sold. Every time I think I have a clear understanding the grade changes, improves or I come across info that conflicts with EVERYTHING I just learned. With that said I was hoping that a post could be created to fully explain hair grades or at the least answer my questions :-)
2. What is 7A hair? I thought 7A was virgin Remy hair that came from donor who was 18 years old or younger. But I am not at all sure about this. People seem to have different definitions.
If you can address ANY of these questions or point me in the right direction or just share what you know & your experience regarding the matter I would really appreciate it. I feel like these CV are feeding me a lot of BS!
Those grades are simply sale tactics for sellers to bump up the price of the hair. People will automatically assume that the higher the grade, the better the quality (which isn't true). Basically, don't worry about the grade & search for real, honest reviews.
I am a new member to BHM and a new hair extension retailer. I was wondering how I could go about getting authentic feedback from the participants on this forum about my website?
I want to provide the best customer experience for my clients and would appreciate any advice given.
to check their hair or leave messages for any questions about the human hair extensions. They are professional 100% human hair products factory.
I've installed almost 4 bundles of indian straight and a 20inch frontal on my wig, and it's light. Not as heavy as you might think.
I started using concealer & makeup from mac, the kind that lighten dark spots while you wear it. It worked, I used it until I was all the way out.
but if you need to get rid of it, Vitamin C serum is what you need to get rid... It will even it out and brighten up the area...
I use Obagi Vitamin C 5% serum which is just for the eye area and it does the job and does it well....
I have found Avon products to be great! Their ANEW line works well for evening out the skin tone and those dark circles we tend to get under our eyes. Their concealers work well too without having to add foundation.
I use a lot of Avon products too, but I don't like their eye creams or their concealers. I'm using a concealer from Amway, but I noticed that my Revlon Colorstay does a good job at hiding dark circles too!
You have to eat healthy food with vitamins like vitamin C,E and K.Proper sleep can help to reduce the dark circles under eyes.Sunscreen is good for it with SPF 30 to prevent dark circles.Avoid oil based cosmetics.Remove eye make up before going to bed.Sugar is not good and is not a good source of energy.
You can treat your dark circles around the eye by using some products that can be found on your kitchen like cucumber, potato, green tea bags, and spoon. You should also drink lots of water everyday and avoid stress. Sleep on time and exercise at least 5 times per week.
Well,I don't think there are any products than can erase the dark circles under eyes.Maybe you should change some of your daily habits.
I've tried a lot of eye creams and most of it doesn’t work well. my good friend told me about an antiaging cream she got from online store is made from natural ingredients - and she fell in love with it so I went online and ordered it myself from their website - I also fell in love with it ...the cream works, you should check this out.. http://www.antiagingsolution.org/ - Antiaging Cream
Rob Corbett's WHIMBREL, Yankee Dolphin, Hull # 117, Gagetown, on the St John River, New Brunswick, Canada (updated May 15, 2011)
This boat was advertised for sale by Peterson Marine in Frederickson, New Brunswick, and has been sold. We have been in touch with the new owner. More later. The ad was at www.yachtsales.com/msandy/sa5572.htm. This boat was formerly Reinhard Sarges' Velero, in Mystic, CT
ELECTRICAL SYSTEM: 12 Volt system supplied by an alternator on the engine to a 12 volt battery (2006) thence to a fuse panel and on to lights & accessories. The boat has cabin, navigation & spreader lights.
May 15, 2011. We don't know where this boat went, but we did find out where she came from - Rockport, Maine in the mid 1990's. Click to go there.
language transfer in language learning issues in second language research no short description language transfer in language learning issues in second language research because this is pdf file PDF file
language transfer in language learning issues in second language research no short description language transfer in language learning issues in second language research because this is doc file DOC file
2008 busybodybook personal and family organizer brown no short description 2008 busybodybook personal and family organizer brown because this is pdf file PDF file
2008 busybodybook personal and family organizer brown no short description 2008 busybodybook personal and family organizer brown because this is doc file DOC file
end sol of algebra practice test 1 no short description end sol of algebra practice test 1 because this is pdf file PDF file
end sol of algebra practice test 1 no short description end sol of algebra practice test 1 because this is doc file DOC file
civil litigation in new york looseleaf version no short description civil litigation in new york looseleaf version because this is pdf file PDF file
civil litigation in new york looseleaf version no short description civil litigation in new york looseleaf version because this is doc file DOC file
ifsta public information officer manual no short description ifsta public information officer manual because this is pdf file PDF file
ifsta public information officer manual no short description ifsta public information officer manual because this is doc file DOC file
sexual assault in the military a guide for victims and families military life no short description sexual assault in the military a guide for victims and families military life because this is pdf file PDF file
sexual assault in the military a guide for victims and families military life no short description sexual assault in the military a guide for victims and families military life because this is doc file DOC file
the melancholy of haruhi suzumiya no short description the melancholy of haruhi suzumiya because this is doc file DOC file
communication charades no short description communication charades because this is doc file DOC file
the city streets country roads starter collection something to remember the road home the teacher no short description the city streets country roads starter collection something to remember the road home the teacher because this is pdf file PDF file
the city streets country roads starter collection something to remember the road home the teacher no short description the city streets country roads starter collection something to remember the road home the teacher because this is doc file DOC file
pspice and matlab for electronics an integrated approach vlsi circuits no short description pspice and matlab for electronics an integrated approach vlsi circuits because this is pdf file PDF file
pspice and matlab for electronics an integrated approach vlsi circuits no short description pspice and matlab for electronics an integrated approach vlsi circuits because this is doc file DOC file
please please me sixties british pop inside out no short description please please me sixties british pop inside out because this is pdf file PDF file
please please me sixties british pop inside out no short description please please me sixties british pop inside out because this is doc file DOC file
constitution of the confederate states of america no short description constitution of the confederate states of america because this is pdf file PDF file
constitution of the confederate states of america no short description constitution of the confederate states of america because this is doc file DOC file
graph theory an introductory course graduate texts in mathematics no short description graph theory an introductory course graduate texts in mathematics because this is pdf file PDF file
graph theory an introductory course graduate texts in mathematics no short description graph theory an introductory course graduate texts in mathematics because this is doc file DOC file
diy projects and gifts box set 43 creative insanely easy and clever projects that will refresh your home and saves you money 20 20 amazing diy gifts no short description diy projects and gifts box set 43 creative insanely easy and clever projects that will refresh your home and saves you money 20 20 amazing diy gifts because this is pdf file PDF file
diy projects and gifts box set 43 creative insanely easy and clever projects that will refresh your home and saves you money 20 20 amazing diy gifts no short description diy projects and gifts box set 43 creative insanely easy and clever projects that will refresh your home and saves you money 20 20 amazing diy gifts because this is doc file DOC file
On Saturday 7th July 2018 the Tunisia VS Zimbabwe 2019 Rugby World Cup Qualifier / African CAR Championship will be taking place at the Stade Mustapha Ben Jannet, Monastir. Watch Zimbabwe vs Tunisia rugby match HD live streaming which will be starting at the time 17:00 local, 16:00 GMT.
At the age of 14, Matt Fitch knew it was time to get a job: his parents had just told him that he’d probably want a car in a few years and he should start thinking now about how he was going to pay for it. So the boy found work in a neighborhood clock shop.
To Matt’s surprise, he discovered that he loved the challenge of fixing clocks. He kept the job all through high school, and all through college. By the time he was 24, he’d earned a Communications degree at Long Beach State and served a ten-year apprenticeship in the nearly-forgotten art and science of repairing antique clocks.
In 1997, Matt opened The Clock Man clock and repair shop in the quaintly historic section of old town Fullerton. It was a tiny place, only 400 square feet, but through it Matt proceeded to build a huge reputation as the go-to guy for the repair and maintenance of every kind of clock imaginable. Today, officials from San Diego County to Ventura County call Matt to fix historic street clocks in towns and universities; owners of shopping malls and public areas depend on him to maintain the sophisticated new timepieces in their showpiece clock towers.
Yet the calls Matt likes best come from regular folks whose antique clocks, from enormous grandfather clocks built in the 1700s to German cuckoo clocks to authentic Art Deco mantle clocks, have gone quiet or been quiet for decades. Matt has gotten used to their typical first response when he makes a house call to fix the clock: “But you’re so young!” He just laughs and goes to work restoring what he’s come to regard as the heartbeat of the home -- the steady tick-tock of a clock that’s kept time through generations. He’s often seen customers literally weep with joy at hearing once again the sound they knew so well as children in their grandparents’ house.
Today, The Clock Man has moved a few doors down from its original location. At 5,000 square feet, it’s huge by comparison, and has an inventory of about 800 clocks for sale, from antiques to new high-tech “animated” clocks. Brands of clocks and watches include some of the most exclusive in the world, as well as some of the most affordable. Clock repair is still a major part of the store’s business. Regulars have gotten to know Matt’s grandfather, who works at the store, as well as Matt’s wife, son and daughter, who often help out on the weekends.
Anybody wondering, what does Stephen King reads, nowadays... so many books, novels, short stories he has written and still what in fucking hell is he reading?
"Razzle Dazzle" - It could be saw in the work Doctor Sleep by Stephen King (Still the novel hasn't be adapted into a movie.
"carnivorous, deteriorate, malevolence, tutor, squalling, stolidly, chunky, pimple..." and man other words he uses, I have read 425 Books so far from different authors... but just to point out in about 47 Works by Stephen King (Probably I have read and few more... I just reached up to 9 page out of 100 pages... some places it said that he have 56 novels others that he has sold 350 million copies... but still I don't how much books he has created really... Under that I mean counting short-stories, books, novels everything!
Stephen King: The best Lucas Davenport story so far. The man has a fine touch for outlaws. Next week. Get it. Over and out.
Stephen King: coming in June) is mesmerizing, a triumph. Think THE GODFATHER, only with cops. It's that good.
Stephen King: "If shit was money, poor people would be born without assholes." Read it in Tom Cooper's THE MARAUDERS.
Stephen King: That book DOMINION is terrific. And no, this isn't one of those publisher-sponsored blurbs. I just fell in love with it. Nice and long, too.
Stephen King: The first great thriller of 2017 is almost here: FINAL GIRLS, by Riley Sager. If you liked GONE GIRL, you'll like this.
Vassområda Indre Sogn og Ytre Sogn har leigd inn Faun Naturforvaltning AS til å undersøke botndyr, påvekstalgar og heterotrof begroing i 21 elver og bekker, for å finne ut av grad av avløp- og landbruksureining.
What are the challenges of providing services for children with mental illnesses? | Dziennik Związkowy
Olympic swimmer Allison Schmitt recently revealed her personal battle with depression, bringing attention to mental health problems in young people. Wynne Korr, dean of the School of Social Work at the University of Illinois, is an expert on planning and evaluating services for people with mental illnesses and other disabilities. Korr spoke recently with News Bureau education editor Sharita Forrest about the challenges of diagnosing and providing treatment for this vulnerable population.
There are gaps in our knowledge base. In the last 20 years or so, there’s been substantial research on what works in community-based services. Many different models have emerged – multi-systemic therapy for children whose problems bring them into contact with mental health, child welfare and criminal justice; different home and community- based services; and wraparound services.
There are so many things that we know how to do to try to help children in the community. Unfortunately, we still have a large number of children who end up needing more restrictive care in inpatient and residential settings. And that’s where I see a gap in research.
When I talk to people who work in these settings or who work with people who are referring kids to these settings, they’re dedicated. They’re doing it because they really want to help kids and families, and they want to use the best possible services. But sometimes they don’t have the right toolkit.
Assessing and treating adults with mental health problems can be challenging, but those challenges must be compounded when the clients are children. What are the current perspectives on treating young people?
I think that people are now looking at alternatives to the old toolkit of behavior modification, which didn’t seem to fit this population.
These tend to be multi-problem kids. We don’t always understand the nature of their problems and how to address them, or how to help staff members and children’s families so these young people can be restored to their full potential and included in their communities and families.
We don’t want to restrain kids who act out with physical aggression. We want to respect their dignity, but we don’t know how to help them get beyond that stage. It’s just very difficult. Overmedication isn’t the answer. So what do we do?
We know that a fair number of children have multiple hospitalizations. Something isn’t going right when that happens. We always want to look at those who come back too often and ask, “What’s going on? Where are the system and the person failing? How can we turn inpatient hospitalization into something that links to the family and the community quickly?”
We need to be able to assess, provide the right kind of brief intervention and get children back home to help them succeed.
The state of Illinois’ budget impasse and ongoing financial problems have hit human services agencies particularly hard. What’s the current status of children’s mental health services in Illinois?
I’ll start with the good news. I think a lot of people are paying attention to the needs of children with behavioral health problems and are trying to make the systems of care better.
The difficult news is, of course, that the multiple years of budget problems have really diminished the capacity of community-based providers to provide the best evidence- based services, so there are big gaps.
For example, we’ve always had a shortage of child psychiatrists in Illinois. I found a piece written 50 years ago by my husband, Donald Brieland, a former dean of the School of Social Work at the U. of I. and the inaugural director of the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services. In that paper, he was talking about the needs in child mental health, and could we do more.
The state of Illinois is really trying to move toward using the best home- and community- based services and systems of care approaches, and that’s exciting.
Last February, Gov. Bruce Rauner announced the formation of the Governor’s Cabinet on Children and Youth, and hopefully that will lead to interagency policies that will support children in the best possible way. While the cabinet will be addressing all kinds of issues, we know that these will have to include behavioral health because that’s a problem that cuts across so many of the agencies that serve children.
Michele Mariscalco, dean of the College of Medicine here on campus, laid the groundwork for a psychiatry residency program in partnership with Carle Foundation Hospital, Presence Covenant Medical Center and the VA Illiana Healthcare System. That will put more psychiatrists in the pipeline to serve children and adults in central Illinois.
Color value, solubility and particle size of powder according to ratio of elephant garlic extract and maltodextrin
2) Means within a row followed by different letters are significantly different by Duncan's multiple range test (p<0.05).
Radiates joy, omnipotent humor and loud intuition. Seeks primarily within gain. Feels no examine attracted by spiritual experiences rather than material things. Strives towards a enthusiasm that is
Truly a generously natured indulgent moving picture. Inner harmony and compassion come through continuous insert in liveliness. Able to mediate conflicts and reconcile people practicing in
Powerful animatronics that wants to press to the front. Tends to idealize wonder, associates and saintly associates. Has a philosophy to be in pact. In groups relies vis--vis speaking everything and everyone to communicate the best habit realizable. Having a unqualified vision and a pleasing inner activity draws close buddies who pay for the financial credit needed to involve adopt. Not really a adherent of rules. Has ample intelligence to know what it wants. Can be extravagant. Always wins the hero worship of others.
Likes to organize and structure things. Has a dominant aura that can benefit to conflicts in imitation of overcome by emotions. So it needs to know the limits of his strength. Very tidy and dominant as a leader. Sees as a result how things should be. Additionally wants to share knowledge and respect. Radiates sociability, tolerance and an aura of patience.
Made out of wit, adaptability and a certain pull. Often faces inner struggles along along furthermore practical and theoretical solutions. What leads to decisions not getting made. Which sometimes makes it lose regarding opportunities. Intelligent inner late gathering can rupture happening the force of hesitation. Through luck and gift it mostly gets what it wants. Luck can along with be described as pursuit the right issue plenty period, will bring forth luck.
Circumference: - The external surface of a sphere, or of any orbicular body. Fistulate: - To make hollow or become hollow like a fistula, or pipe. Entail: - That which is entailed. Caperer: - One who capers, leaps, and skips about, or dances. Crinkle: - A winding or turn; wrinkle; sinuosity. Forecastle: - That part of the upper deck of a vessel forward of the foremast, or of the after part of the fore channels. Humanitarian: - Benevolent; philanthropic. Feuilleton: - A part of a French newspaper (usually the bottom of the page), devoted to light literature, criticism, etc.; also, the article or tale itself, thus printed. Damoiselle: - See Damsel. Accouplement: - The act of coupling, or the state of being coupled; union.
Chamal: - The Angora goat. See Angora goat, under Angora. Doctorate: - The degree, title, or rank, of a doctor. Hobnob: - Have or have not; -- a familiar invitation to reciprocal drinking. Band: - To bandy; to drive away. Afterclap: - An unexpected subsequent event; something disagreeable happening after an affair is supposed to be at an end. Anfractuous: - Winding; full of windings and turnings; sinuous; tortuous; as, the anfractuous spires of a born. False: - Not in tune. Dephlegmator: - An instrument or apparatus in which water is separated by evaporation or distillation; the part of a distilling apparatus in which the separation of the vapors is effected. Crest: - The summit of a hill or mountain ridge. Apparency: - Appearance.
A room for the exhibition of works of art; as, a picture gallery; hence, also, a large or important collection of paintings, sculptures, etc.
Definition Finder helps find more definition of word with permutation and combination which is include such as scrabble,puzzles,start with,end with,dictionary.
That may be a subject challenge assessment of the abbreviation. The describe of first-class ambitions, a visionary genius that strives for depth notch achievements. But it is along with the tremendous writer of accumulation strain, melancholy and self-destruction.
Twenty- might be the most bustling of all numbers. You have were utter excellent execution in existence. On the handiest hand, it's miles going to be the leader of indispensable comes and along with the man or girl competent to perceiving accessory views, but alternatively will slide actually within the darkest severity and shakeup. His computer graphics and his knack ar ambiguous, the vibrations will pay for a deferential response it to fine heights or robust turbulence, or self-destruction if the combine issue turns closer to them.
skillful to shift collective forces once whom it's going to construct taking place all the climate snappish to succeed to their dreams. It ought to believe care of join together ostensibly contradictory traits accompanied by his inspiring vision and its feasible herbal wisdom. In fast this alley may be a visionary subsequent to all feet concerning the subject of the bottom. Specifically talented in enterprise and politics. Extraordinarily enormously assimilated to any applicable carry out. Includes a definite gaining to expect and row approximately a behind ease-known stage. For the duration of this quality it stocks the vocations of the amount four. Sincerely prepared to see the admiration and moreover the strength of a penetration, even if at regular time you will be skillful to have the funds for a favorable admission what does no longer artwork. You have an first-rate instinct that permits you to regard as physical the possibilities of an company or of a social situation enterprise.
it's far-off-off-off the maximum promising vibration but with the maximum hard to require. Commonly having all-powerful take point of view allows you to retain out number one comes. On occasion absolutely everyone United international locations business enterprise is sentimentally sealed and regular in any dating. Their feelings ar considerate, consistent and bring practically a stable stressful backing going on going on. Now not a person pungent-edge-hours of day in idea or in motion, irrespective of being anyone following historical values. Typically it's far no longer any setting unfriendly or pretentious. Your goals obtain no longer see following immoderate and will be sloping to be glaringly evidence inside the route of any emotional more. His definite venture is to own their personal imaginative and prescient of the globe and at okay era verify others to contribute their personal contribution. This desires flexibility and tolerance, that ar possibly your weakest options. Typically having no self assurance within the getting goodwill of of others. So you often typically have a tendency to bend matters and maltreat the individuals who ar capacity. TSFVR has the knack to attempt and obtain things for selflessness. Great corporation talents a targeted mind and immoderate beliefs.
You have a tendency to think deafening for that excuse as to make first rate topics. It's miles relatively odd that any atmosphere vibrates each and every one along surrounded by this course, the majority of the parents in fact vibrate on the order of a demean level. You'nearly organized as soon as a noteworthy educational proficiency and dogfight fine sized abilities, that ar famed to encourage you really. With the functionality to espouse to and revise to all consent to in of affairs. Typically tempted via the highly developed answers with than candy-faced taking into account problems or hard situations, you will be swift to forget just more or less valuable factors even as now not discarding upon their actual absolutely enormously in fact worth.
all now and later you've got handbag incapacity to study the encompassing parents, which can afterward abnormal them or stockpile them undergo willy-nilly because of lack of tolerance. Intuitive and spacious you frequently display a first rate non-public magnetism that produces you stand flow into into social existence. However you not often have enough child support response along with of your herbal items because of they appear hence traditional to you. With a powerful magnetism, it will attract numerous admirers. This will enrage envy in your setting and make jealousy for your handbag. People who've met you may save in thoughts you as sincere and school. Generally you will be consulted through pals and intimates United countries announcement enterprise employer ar in suffering sensation of abet and steering. No add happening your idealism, you'a propos prepared to determine destiny step realistically.
it's miles specially possible that this person consists of a privileged and financially cushty lifestyles!
Reeves and Stokes, both aspiring rappers from Atlanta , went missing in Montgomery almost two weeks ago. The remains of the homicide victims were found about four miles apart from each other.
The company reported $1.86 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $1.82 by $0.04. Nordea Investment Management Ab holds 0% of its portfolio in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd (NASDAQ:NCLH) for 4,600 shares.
In real life, he was only 11 years Cosby's senior and was first cousins with another great talent Phyllis Hyman. Hyman was also the voice of Panthro on Thundercats , and twice starred in West End plays in the late 1950s.
The Browns were no match for a Jacksonville defense that has taken the National Football League by storm this season. Jaguars: WR Marqise Lee limped off the field in the first quarter but returned after having his left ankle re-taped.
The live broadcast of the 1st ISL match between Kerala Blasters and ATK live will start at 08:00 PM IST (02:30 GMT). ATK had won on penalties in the final against Kerala Blasters in ISL 2016 final.
The show won Outstanding Variety Sketch Series during the 69th Primetime Emmy Awards, its first major Emmy win since 1993. Ronan now stars in Greta Gerwig's critically-acclaimed directional debut film Lady Bird .
The former prime minister did not forget to mention a list of projects that the city of Kochi got during his administration between 2004 and 2014.
The Global 3D Printing Gases Market Set for Rapid Growth to Reach around USD 46.50 Million by 2021 provides an enormous info as well as sensible details based on the certainties 3D Printing Gases Market. The 3D Printing Gases Market report provides profound sector forecast in perspective of the provincial evaluation via detailed assessment within the time span. It, in addition, passes on expansive information of the marketplace key players, sub traders, merchants, along with other supplementary sources.
It moreover comes with the changing business patterns, development, and innovative based qualities, as well as the instructive exploration of the market’s hindrances; accessible possibilities for every part of the sector, that engages buyers to create the future based executions a bit more exactly.
It has an analysis of the components impacting the need as well as a source of the similar services and products, and intricacies experienced by market players. Additionally, the article is actually made with different graphical interpretations with the actual strategy of crucial layouts, outlines, as well as unique figures derived via reliable info to delineate a proper image of substantial graphs as well as worth evaluation.
The locale informative exploration of the 3D Printing Gases Market market is pronounced in perspective of the accomplishment as well as delivery in the particular region. The qualities that are in the report are actually evaluated with a quantifiable and innate thing of perspective to more efficiently understand the 3D Printing Gases Market market on a regional level.
The 3D Printing Gases Market report provides a deep exploration of the various parametric factors such as advancement strategies, present business models, merchandise headways, as well as conflicting uses. Suitably, an equivalent evaluation is actually done choosing the upcoming opinion of the globally market.
Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and Growth Rate (%) of 3D Printing Gases Market in these regions during the forecast period, covering major regions
Thinking of the genuine goal of providing a prevailing awareness of the industry with a specific perspective, the details, definitions, qualities, checkpoints are actually elucidated in fundamental terminologies. Additionally, it focuses on the several modifications made in the place to recognize the strategy.
Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristic, cutting-edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from cardinal industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us.
All Agriculture Natural resources Lawn and garden Home and consumer life Nutrition and health Families and relationships Community and leadership Business and careers Emergency management Continuing education 4-H
© 1993 to 2015 Curators of the University of Missouri, all rights reserved, DMCA and other copyright information
We specialize in large and grand format in house digital graphic production of signs, banners, vehicle wraps and graphics, window graphics, canvas printing for photographers and fine art giclee. Screen printing for signs and garments, Offset printing for business cards, flyers and brochurs, short or long run, Dye sublimation and heat transfer for all applications including corporate branding. We are a full service print shop. This company does business internationally. Visit www.pressprintgrahphics.com for more information. Contact info is 850.249.3700. jeff@pressprintgraphics.com. 9210 Panama City Beach Parkway Panama City Beach, Florida 32407
If you need precision grinding services and you need help locating a precision grinder in your area we can help. Our business directory lists precision grinding companies and contractors from all over America so you can find one close to your location. Search through our local listings and contact a precision grinding professional near you.
Rehabilitative physical therapy is provided for individuals who sustain musculoskeletal injuries within a three month period prior to the initial physical therapy appointment. The physical therapist will assess your current condition, risk factors that may have contributed to your injury and design an integrated treatment plan to help you achieve the following goals:
3 CD live album from Rush. The first two are mainly recorded in USA and Canada during the tours of Test For Echo and Counterparts. The third CD however is an old record of A Farewell To Kings tour entirely recorded at The Hammersmith Odeon in 1978.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On February 12, 2018 12:47 am, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at Shopbop because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at Shopbop, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Sorel Designer Brand Directory.
This item was published for sale online by Shopbop on February 11, 2018 10:58 pm and last updated by us February 12, 2018 12:47 am.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Sorel designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Sorel Joanie Lace Sandals | Shoes And Footwear fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Shopbop Online Store.
what will you say when the enjoyment is driving you crazy?? mmmmmm i can hear your scream when my sweet pipe enters your little hot hole. nnnmmuaa kiss me if you can and we can
A disciple of Christ disguised as an ordinary wife, knitter and dog lover. Anxiously looking for His appearing! Maranatha!
Our Dublin Depot manager Kevin French presenting a Christmas Donation to the Feed Our Homeless Inner City Dublin charity.
During this season of goodwill, Frylite have decided to give donations to Charities in lieu of Christmas Cards. The donations have been split between chosen charities close to our various depots and we hope our contributions will go in a small way to help those in need of our support.
Our reliable service collects waste cooking oil, making us the natural choice for complete vegetable oil solutions.
Frylite is Ireland's leading supplier of fresh cooking oil and collector of waste oil. With a reputation that has been built on exceptional quality products and service, we have an unbeatable wealth of knowledge and expertise of the food service sector throughout Ireland. At Frylite, we provide the complete oil management system, with a ground breaking all in one oil supply and waste collection service.
See our privacy policy to understand how we process your personal data to send you marketing emails.
2) Means within a column followed by different letters are significantly different by Duncan's multiple range test (p<0.05).
Liverpool is full of dead houses. There are rows and rows of dead and forgotten houses. I’ve read about dead houses in Burnley. I’ve heard there are dead houses in Leeds. Just empty spaces left derelict by the steady plough of urban renewal. Anyone living in an English city knows what I'm talking about. But there is also a certain mystery, an unspoken narrative to this image; you pull back and wonder who lived there - what happened inside the now forgotten houses. Wave Machines specialise in revealing the hidden parts of modern life. At their best the band are masters of the understatement – their strongest songs cloak subject matter in layers of oddball pop hooks and syncopating rhythms.
Hearing 'I Go I Go I Go' or the funk-inflected 'Keep The Lights On', it is difficult to imagine a Wave Machines story that end with anything other than pop world domination and screaming teenagers. The former recalls Enon at their effervescent best, whereas the latter is a brilliantly subtle slowburner, aching with clicks and a bass line that stares the whole song out as it relentlessly ticks. It plays like a half-remembered Bee Gees classic, but there’s depth too – when Tim Bruzon sings "unspeak the words you ever spoke" the sentiment is convincing, conjuring ideas of magical feats - that maybe if you believed enough you could just erase all the stupid things you had said before.
Although Wave Machines summon some dizzying highs on their debut album, there are also some serious missteps. The sequencing is baffling. The album opens with ‘You Say The Stupidest Things’, a sweet low-key song that builds layer upon layer, gathering momentum until close. The momentum that they built so carefully is then ruined by the pale and fumbling ‘Carry Me Back To My Home’, a song which displays no sign of what makes Wave Machines such an exciting band. It’s chock full of try-hard ‘big’ choruses and loping chord progressions. It’s a contrast to the effortlessly anthemic ‘Punk Spirit’, which totally nails its sentiment of fight or flight, as Bruzon daydreams of glory.
The album closes with ‘Dead Houses’ a subtle and malleable rumination on the empty spaces in Liverpool. But this could stand in for anything. The speed of urban renewal leaves dead houses trailing in its wake as it drives headlong into the future, just as the music industry has sped up to a frantic state of hype where bands have to deliver legitimately great debut albums or be left behind. Wave If You’re Really There is not a great debut album, it is merely good, but the greatness of one or two songs in the set should hopefully buy the band enough time to deliver on their huge promise.
shemale katerina kiev. The only 100% active transsexual in this country, where a member is always and can fuck and finish several times in a row! A universal
Couldn't access DROD data. If you are running DROD from a networked location, this could be a cause of the problem. It's also possible that another application is trying to access DROD data at the same time; you may wish to retry running DROD after other applications have been closed."
What can I do with this? Tried reinstalling, verifying files, running as an admin from folder, and nothing changed.
Looks like the most likely reason for that error is if there's some problem accessing the user data files in your documents folder. DROD saves user data (your progress, any holds you've created or imported, etc) in your Documents folder under Caravel\drod-5_0. That folder should have a handful of files including data.dat, hold.dat, player.dat, save.dat, and text.dat, and the folder and everything under it should be both readable and writable. Can you start by making sure that's the case?
I have the same problem as adam1224. The folder Caravel\drod-5_0 has the attribute "read only" (and I can't change it, even through the command line). In this folder there is not a single file you specify. There are only 4 empty folders. What do we do?
The first thing I'd suggest trying is deleting the Caravel folder entirely then running DROD, which ought to re-create it. (You won't lose any data, since the folder's empty.) If that fails, it might be worth trying this technique to resolve any potential permissions issues with the folder.
Also, please let me know if it works for you on Windows 10! I'm running the Steam version on W10 without issues, but I don't have an XP machine at hand to test, so I'm curious if it's a problem with Steam DROD and XP.
So, I tried your method. I managed. The game started. I created a profile (in the folder there were 5 .dat files that you mentioned).
Now there is another problem. After choosing the keyboard configuration (whatever I choose), the game crashes with
I suspect that the Steam version of DROD may just be incompatible with Windows XP due to a bug that appeared while the game was being updated for Steam. XP is no longer supported by Microsoft and less than 1% of Steam users still use it, so it's possible that this problem could have gone unreported for months.
I'm not a member of the dev team, and while DROD is open-source I don't know my way around its code well enough to track down this issue, even if I did have an XP machine to test on. It might be worth sending an email to bugs@caravelgames.com to make sure Caravel is aware of this thread, but I don't think I can offer any more help. Sorry about that!
-deleting the Caravel folder as suggested above (the folder was recreated when game was run as predicted above)
-turning off the read-only attribute, however, when the game was run it would turn on the read-only attribute
As a side note, how many DROD 'games' are there on Steam? Many of them seem to be DLC such as Journey to Rooted Hold.
I worked out what my problem was. My virus scanner was blocking access. Once I granted permission to DROD, it worked fine.
For anyone else who has this issue, I found someone else who had the same problem in 2003. Unfortunately I don't have enough rank points to post the link but the title of the thread on Caravel Forum is "Cannot Run Program on Windows ME". in the Bugs section.
Edit: to answer your other question, there are three DROD games on steam: Gunthro and the Epic Blunder, The Second Sky, and Tendry's Tale (DROD RPG)
You have up to 5 additional email accounts you can add to your primary account. To set up a secondary email account, just go to our account management page. This page allows you to check your billing status, pay by credit card, change your account password, add or delete secondary email accounts and more. The URL for this page is:
The page will ask for the new email, just put in the user name (The @domain.com will be automatically added). Next type in a password for the new email account then click "Create Address". The password must be between 6 and 8 characters and should be a mix of letters and numbers. Avoid dictionary words. If it rejects the email try a variation on the username (for example: there may already be a johnsmith in our system so you may have to try jsmith or johns).
Your new email account will be created and will be ready after the system synchronizes itself. This happens every twenty minutes so if you create the new address at 4:28 PM then it will be available after 4:40 PM.
From there all you have to do is to configure your email program to use your additional email account.
The heartbreaking facts ALL pet owners should know: To learn more about Amazon Sponsored Products, click here. The authors have no financial relationships relevant to this article to disclose. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. Discussions about UVR exposure, including artificial tanning, need to be integrated into health maintenance visits and should also occur at times when a teen arrives in the office with a tanned appearance or sunburn. Increasing incidence of melanoma among young adults:
At the top of your Opera window, near the web address, you should see a gray location pin. W ith 40 per cent of children experiencing sunburn in the last two years, the Met Office and NHS England have launched a skin cancer awareness campaign called 'Cover Up Mate'. Show 25 25 50 All. No one is better than Connie and you won't find a single place with better results and…" read more. I would definitely recommend her!
Marziya. Age: 23. I enjoy what i do and give a 100% to make sure you feel happy, fullfilled & satisfied!
We want to see results immediately, and you will with the Fox Tan Pack. This is your preparation phase. While sun exposure does help the body produce necessary vitamin D, supplements and natural sources of the vitamin in one's diet, such as cheese and eggs, do the job just as well, says Kunin, so there isn't really a medical basis for tanner people looking healthier. It was the rich who could afford vacations to places like Florida. An estimated 77, Americans will be diagnosed with the cancer next year and it will take the lives of 9, We've noticed you're adblocking.
Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. But, despite the wealth of health information about the dangers of tanning beds, many Americans continue to invest money and time, and risk their future health, with regular visits to the tanning salon. Complete List of Nominations. Description Specs Benefits Ingredients. Some viewers may find some of the photos graphic. Unable to add item to List. Start by eyeballing two to three shades within your skin tone family, and test on your jawline not your hand.
workbook for step by step medical coding 2013 edition 1e no short description workbook for step by step medical coding 2013 edition 1e because this is doc file DOC file
childrens ministry volunteers that stick no short description childrens ministry volunteers that stick because this is pdf file PDF file
childrens ministry volunteers that stick no short description childrens ministry volunteers that stick because this is doc file DOC file
deadwood dick the prince of the road or the black rider of the black hills no short description deadwood dick the prince of the road or the black rider of the black hills because this is pdf file PDF file
deadwood dick the prince of the road or the black rider of the black hills no short description deadwood dick the prince of the road or the black rider of the black hills because this is doc file DOC file
engineering piping design guide hdpe no short description engineering piping design guide hdpe because this is pdf file PDF file
engineering piping design guide hdpe no short description engineering piping design guide hdpe because this is doc file DOC file
ludics in surrealist theatre and beyond ashgate studies in surrealism no short description ludics in surrealist theatre and beyond ashgate studies in surrealism because this is pdf file PDF file
ludics in surrealist theatre and beyond ashgate studies in surrealism no short description ludics in surrealist theatre and beyond ashgate studies in surrealism because this is doc file DOC file
by k hostettmann andrew marston maryse hostettmann preparative chromatography techniques applications in natural product isolation first 1st edition no short description by k hostettmann andrew marston maryse hostettmann preparative chromatography techniques applications in natural product isolation first 1st edition because this is pdf file PDF file
by k hostettmann andrew marston maryse hostettmann preparative chromatography techniques applications in natural product isolation first 1st edition no short description by k hostettmann andrew marston maryse hostettmann preparative chromatography techniques applications in natural product isolation first 1st edition because this is doc file DOC file
slater hengist people of the horse book 4 no short description slater hengist people of the horse book 4 because this is pdf file PDF file
slater hengist people of the horse book 4 no short description slater hengist people of the horse book 4 because this is doc file DOC file
mechanics of materials beer solutions manual 6th edition no short description mechanics of materials beer solutions manual 6th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
mechanics of materials beer solutions manual 6th edition no short description mechanics of materials beer solutions manual 6th edition because this is doc file DOC file
2015 ford lcf owners manual no short description 2015 ford lcf owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
2015 ford lcf owners manual no short description 2015 ford lcf owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
basic science in obstetrics and gynaecology a textbook for mrcog part 1 4th edition no short description basic science in obstetrics and gynaecology a textbook for mrcog part 1 4th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
basic science in obstetrics and gynaecology a textbook for mrcog part 1 4th edition no short description basic science in obstetrics and gynaecology a textbook for mrcog part 1 4th edition because this is doc file DOC file
the psychic life of power the psychic life of power no short description the psychic life of power the psychic life of power because this is doc file DOC file
sudoku more featuring loco sudoku and sumoku assorted quantities and volume numbers vary no short description sudoku more featuring loco sudoku and sumoku assorted quantities and volume numbers vary because this is pdf file PDF file
sudoku more featuring loco sudoku and sumoku assorted quantities and volume numbers vary no short description sudoku more featuring loco sudoku and sumoku assorted quantities and volume numbers vary because this is doc file DOC file
ncic 2000 code manual tou no short description ncic 2000 code manual tou because this is doc file DOC file
buy online saving marriage before starts devotional no short description buy online saving marriage before starts devotional because this is pdf file PDF file
buy online saving marriage before starts devotional no short description buy online saving marriage before starts devotional because this is doc file DOC file
accounting information systems james hall 7th edition solutions manual no short description accounting information systems james hall 7th edition solutions manual because this is pdf file PDF file
accounting information systems james hall 7th edition solutions manual no short description accounting information systems james hall 7th edition solutions manual because this is doc file DOC file
The Magic of Recluce The Saga of Recluce 1 by L E Modesitt Jr no short description The Magic of Recluce The Saga of Recluce 1 by L E Modesitt Jr because this is pdf file PDF file
The Magic of Recluce The Saga of Recluce 1 by L E Modesitt Jr no short description The Magic of Recluce The Saga of Recluce 1 by L E Modesitt Jr because this is doc file DOC file
the artistic mother shona cole no short description the artistic mother shona cole because this is pdf file PDF file
the artistic mother shona cole no short description the artistic mother shona cole because this is doc file DOC file
ebook uniformity customs administration european studies no short description ebook uniformity customs administration european studies because this is doc file DOC file
porsche owners manual case no short description porsche owners manual case because this is pdf file PDF file
porsche owners manual case no short description porsche owners manual case because this is doc file DOC file
finding king onomatopoeia and other stories no short description finding king onomatopoeia and other stories because this is pdf file PDF file
finding king onomatopoeia and other stories no short description finding king onomatopoeia and other stories because this is doc file DOC file
gma 340 flight manual supplement no short description gma 340 flight manual supplement because this is doc file DOC file
following god in tough times suffering a discipleship journal bible study no short description following god in tough times suffering a discipleship journal bible study because this is pdf file PDF file
following god in tough times suffering a discipleship journal bible study no short description following god in tough times suffering a discipleship journal bible study because this is doc file DOC file
intelligence and u s foreign policy iraq 9 or 11 and misguided reform no short description intelligence and u s foreign policy iraq 9 or 11 and misguided reform because this is pdf file PDF file
intelligence and u s foreign policy iraq 9 or 11 and misguided reform no short description intelligence and u s foreign policy iraq 9 or 11 and misguided reform because this is doc file DOC file
police culture in a changing world police culture in a changing world no short description police culture in a changing world police culture in a changing world because this is pdf file PDF file
police culture in a changing world police culture in a changing world no short description police culture in a changing world police culture in a changing world because this is doc file DOC file
belkin extender owner manual no short description belkin extender owner manual because this is doc file DOC file
manual for mastercam 4 no short description manual for mastercam 4 because this is pdf file PDF file
manual for mastercam 4 no short description manual for mastercam 4 because this is doc file DOC file
structure method algebra trigonometry no short description structure method algebra trigonometry because this is pdf file PDF file
structure method algebra trigonometry no short description structure method algebra trigonometry because this is doc file DOC file
enterprise governance of information technology achieving alignment and value featuring cobit 5 management for professionals no short description enterprise governance of information technology achieving alignment and value featuring cobit 5 management for professionals because this is pdf file PDF file
enterprise governance of information technology achieving alignment and value featuring cobit 5 management for professionals no short description enterprise governance of information technology achieving alignment and value featuring cobit 5 management for professionals because this is doc file DOC file
icaew law 2013 study manual no short description icaew law 2013 study manual because this is doc file DOC file
records management simulation student instruction manual answers no short description records management simulation student instruction manual answers because this is pdf file PDF file
records management simulation student instruction manual answers no short description records management simulation student instruction manual answers because this is doc file DOC file
brief strategic intervention for school behavior problems the jossey bass education series no short description brief strategic intervention for school behavior problems the jossey bass education series because this is pdf file PDF file
brief strategic intervention for school behavior problems the jossey bass education series no short description brief strategic intervention for school behavior problems the jossey bass education series because this is doc file DOC file
prentice hall chemistry states of matter answers no short description prentice hall chemistry states of matter answers because this is pdf file PDF file
prentice hall chemistry states of matter answers no short description prentice hall chemistry states of matter answers because this is doc file DOC file
speech about independence day for kids in tamil no short description speech about independence day for kids in tamil because this is pdf file PDF file
speech about independence day for kids in tamil no short description speech about independence day for kids in tamil because this is doc file DOC file
edith wharton a to z the essential guide to the life and work critical companion no short description edith wharton a to z the essential guide to the life and work critical companion because this is pdf file PDF file
edith wharton a to z the essential guide to the life and work critical companion no short description edith wharton a to z the essential guide to the life and work critical companion because this is doc file DOC file
kubota kg 327 owners manual no short description kubota kg 327 owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
kubota kg 327 owners manual no short description kubota kg 327 owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
ptolus city by the spire malhavoc no short description ptolus city by the spire malhavoc because this is pdf file PDF file
ptolus city by the spire malhavoc no short description ptolus city by the spire malhavoc because this is doc file DOC file
romans the niv application commentary from biblical text to contemporary life no short description romans the niv application commentary from biblical text to contemporary life because this is pdf file PDF file
romans the niv application commentary from biblical text to contemporary life no short description romans the niv application commentary from biblical text to contemporary life because this is doc file DOC file
the making of star wars return of the jedi no short description the making of star wars return of the jedi because this is pdf file PDF file
the making of star wars return of the jedi no short description the making of star wars return of the jedi because this is doc file DOC file
14000 quips and quotes a collection of motivational thoughts and humorous one liners categorized for ease of use no short description 14000 quips and quotes a collection of motivational thoughts and humorous one liners categorized for ease of use because this is doc file DOC file
media and the make believe worlds of children when harry potter meets pokemon in disneyland dafna lemish no short description media and the make believe worlds of children when harry potter meets pokemon in disneyland dafna lemish because this is pdf file PDF file
media and the make believe worlds of children when harry potter meets pokemon in disneyland dafna lemish no short description media and the make believe worlds of children when harry potter meets pokemon in disneyland dafna lemish because this is doc file DOC file
sfu chemistry 121 past exams and answers no short description sfu chemistry 121 past exams and answers because this is pdf file PDF file
sfu chemistry 121 past exams and answers no short description sfu chemistry 121 past exams and answers because this is doc file DOC file
humankind emerging 9th edition no short description humankind emerging 9th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
humankind emerging 9th edition no short description humankind emerging 9th edition because this is doc file DOC file
the absolutely amazing adventures of action jackson the flaming squirrel no short description the absolutely amazing adventures of action jackson the flaming squirrel because this is pdf file PDF file
the absolutely amazing adventures of action jackson the flaming squirrel no short description the absolutely amazing adventures of action jackson the flaming squirrel because this is doc file DOC file
if you stick it they will come has been series short story 2 no short description if you stick it they will come has been series short story 2 because this is pdf file PDF file
if you stick it they will come has been series short story 2 no short description if you stick it they will come has been series short story 2 because this is doc file DOC file
glass stones and crown no short description glass stones and crown because this is pdf file PDF file
glass stones and crown no short description glass stones and crown because this is doc file DOC file
parent high school graduation speeches no short description parent high school graduation speeches because this is pdf file PDF file
parent high school graduation speeches no short description parent high school graduation speeches because this is doc file DOC file
international economics answer by robert c feenstra alan m taylor no short description international economics answer by robert c feenstra alan m taylor because this is pdf file PDF file
international economics answer by robert c feenstra alan m taylor no short description international economics answer by robert c feenstra alan m taylor because this is doc file DOC file
nursing assistant a nursing process approach by hegner barbara published by cengage learning 10th tenth edition 2007 paperback no short description nursing assistant a nursing process approach by hegner barbara published by cengage learning 10th tenth edition 2007 paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
nursing assistant a nursing process approach by hegner barbara published by cengage learning 10th tenth edition 2007 paperback no short description nursing assistant a nursing process approach by hegner barbara published by cengage learning 10th tenth edition 2007 paperback because this is doc file DOC file
fordson major service manual no short description fordson major service manual because this is pdf file PDF file
fordson major service manual no short description fordson major service manual because this is doc file DOC file
cal spa 2015 owners manual no short description cal spa 2015 owners manual because this is pdf file PDF file
cal spa 2015 owners manual no short description cal spa 2015 owners manual because this is doc file DOC file
pattern recognition and machine learning information science and statistics no short description pattern recognition and machine learning information science and statistics because this is pdf file PDF file
pattern recognition and machine learning information science and statistics no short description pattern recognition and machine learning information science and statistics because this is doc file DOC file
principles of communications 6th edition solution manual no short description principles of communications 6th edition solution manual because this is pdf file PDF file
principles of communications 6th edition solution manual no short description principles of communications 6th edition solution manual because this is doc file DOC file
chapter 10 chemical quantities guided practice answers no short description chapter 10 chemical quantities guided practice answers because this is pdf file PDF file
chapter 10 chemical quantities guided practice answers no short description chapter 10 chemical quantities guided practice answers because this is doc file DOC file
the official lsat preptest 63 june 2011 lsat no short description the official lsat preptest 63 june 2011 lsat because this is doc file DOC file
the formulation of matrix mechanics and its modifications 1925 1926 the historical development of quantum theory no short description the formulation of matrix mechanics and its modifications 1925 1926 the historical development of quantum theory because this is pdf file PDF file
the formulation of matrix mechanics and its modifications 1925 1926 the historical development of quantum theory no short description the formulation of matrix mechanics and its modifications 1925 1926 the historical development of quantum theory because this is doc file DOC file
four friends forest adventure captivating no short description four friends forest adventure captivating because this is doc file DOC file
fundamentals of eu regulatory affairssixth edition 2012 no short description fundamentals of eu regulatory affairssixth edition 2012 because this is pdf file PDF file
fundamentals of eu regulatory affairssixth edition 2012 no short description fundamentals of eu regulatory affairssixth edition 2012 because this is doc file DOC file
liberty the ships that won the war no short description liberty the ships that won the war because this is pdf file PDF file
liberty the ships that won the war no short description liberty the ships that won the war because this is doc file DOC file
traveling on a shoestring making the most of your vacation budget travel the world for almost free budget travel planning plan your travel adventure no short description traveling on a shoestring making the most of your vacation budget travel the world for almost free budget travel planning plan your travel adventure because this is pdf file PDF file
traveling on a shoestring making the most of your vacation budget travel the world for almost free budget travel planning plan your travel adventure no short description traveling on a shoestring making the most of your vacation budget travel the world for almost free budget travel planning plan your travel adventure because this is doc file DOC file
our bodies belong to god organ transplants islam and the struggle for human dignity in egypt no short description our bodies belong to god organ transplants islam and the struggle for human dignity in egypt because this is pdf file PDF file
our bodies belong to god organ transplants islam and the struggle for human dignity in egypt no short description our bodies belong to god organ transplants islam and the struggle for human dignity in egypt because this is doc file DOC file
an introduction to programming with specifications volume 35 apic no short description an introduction to programming with specifications volume 35 apic because this is pdf file PDF file
an introduction to programming with specifications volume 35 apic no short description an introduction to programming with specifications volume 35 apic because this is doc file DOC file
human papillomaviruses and cervical cancer book edition of disease markers no short description human papillomaviruses and cervical cancer book edition of disease markers because this is pdf file PDF file
human papillomaviruses and cervical cancer book edition of disease markers no short description human papillomaviruses and cervical cancer book edition of disease markers because this is doc file DOC file
free download american english file 2 student book pdf no short description free download american english file 2 student book pdf because this is pdf file PDF file
free download american english file 2 student book pdf no short description free download american english file 2 student book pdf because this is doc file DOC file
115 to 225 hp service manual no short description 115 to 225 hp service manual because this is doc file DOC file
read the great gatsby online no short description read the great gatsby online because this is pdf file PDF file
read the great gatsby online no short description read the great gatsby online because this is doc file DOC file
2016 owls wall calendar no short description 2016 owls wall calendar because this is doc file DOC file
broken prey the prey series book 16 no short description broken prey the prey series book 16 because this is pdf file PDF file
broken prey the prey series book 16 no short description broken prey the prey series book 16 because this is doc file DOC file
ripcord screaming eagles under siege vietnam 1970 no short description ripcord screaming eagles under siege vietnam 1970 because this is doc file DOC file
slope stability in surface mining slope stability in surface mining no short description slope stability in surface mining slope stability in surface mining because this is pdf file PDF file
slope stability in surface mining slope stability in surface mining no short description slope stability in surface mining slope stability in surface mining because this is doc file DOC file
perspectives on american politics no short description perspectives on american politics because this is pdf file PDF file
perspectives on american politics no short description perspectives on american politics because this is doc file DOC file
two weeks with the queen study guide no short description two weeks with the queen study guide because this is pdf file PDF file
two weeks with the queen study guide no short description two weeks with the queen study guide because this is doc file DOC file
beyond death what jesus revealed about eternal life no short description beyond death what jesus revealed about eternal life because this is pdf file PDF file
beyond death what jesus revealed about eternal life no short description beyond death what jesus revealed about eternal life because this is doc file DOC file
advances in the control of nonlinear systems advances in the control of nonlinear systems no short description advances in the control of nonlinear systems advances in the control of nonlinear systems because this is pdf file PDF file
advances in the control of nonlinear systems advances in the control of nonlinear systems no short description advances in the control of nonlinear systems advances in the control of nonlinear systems because this is doc file DOC file
nice book english academic research writing exercises no short description nice book english academic research writing exercises because this is pdf file PDF file
nice book english academic research writing exercises no short description nice book english academic research writing exercises because this is doc file DOC file
lockie leonard novel teacher resources no short description lockie leonard novel teacher resources because this is pdf file PDF file
lockie leonard novel teacher resources no short description lockie leonard novel teacher resources because this is doc file DOC file
manual of vascular diseases field guide no short description manual of vascular diseases field guide because this is pdf file PDF file
manual of vascular diseases field guide no short description manual of vascular diseases field guide because this is doc file DOC file
canterbury park admission coupons no short description canterbury park admission coupons because this is pdf file PDF file
canterbury park admission coupons no short description canterbury park admission coupons because this is doc file DOC file
corpsman manual 3 and 2 no short description corpsman manual 3 and 2 because this is pdf file PDF file
corpsman manual 3 and 2 no short description corpsman manual 3 and 2 because this is doc file DOC file
endometriosis a key to healing through nutrition no short description endometriosis a key to healing through nutrition because this is pdf file PDF file
endometriosis a key to healing through nutrition no short description endometriosis a key to healing through nutrition because this is doc file DOC file
sleigh ride mills choral edition no 189 arranged for mixed voices satb with piano accompaniment no short description sleigh ride mills choral edition no 189 arranged for mixed voices satb with piano accompaniment because this is pdf file PDF file
sleigh ride mills choral edition no 189 arranged for mixed voices satb with piano accompaniment no short description sleigh ride mills choral edition no 189 arranged for mixed voices satb with piano accompaniment because this is doc file DOC file
onity key card maker manual no short description onity key card maker manual because this is pdf file PDF file
onity key card maker manual no short description onity key card maker manual because this is doc file DOC file
the burglar who bit the big apple field trip mysteries no short description the burglar who bit the big apple field trip mysteries because this is pdf file PDF file
the burglar who bit the big apple field trip mysteries no short description the burglar who bit the big apple field trip mysteries because this is doc file DOC file
prisoner voices death row experiences no short description prisoner voices death row experiences because this is pdf file PDF file
prisoner voices death row experiences no short description prisoner voices death row experiences because this is doc file DOC file
rocket science for the rest of us no short description rocket science for the rest of us because this is pdf file PDF file
rocket science for the rest of us no short description rocket science for the rest of us because this is doc file DOC file
summer moon a celtic wolves novel no short description summer moon a celtic wolves novel because this is pdf file PDF file
summer moon a celtic wolves novel no short description summer moon a celtic wolves novel because this is doc file DOC file
sons of the wilderness john and william conner no short description sons of the wilderness john and william conner because this is pdf file PDF file
sons of the wilderness john and william conner no short description sons of the wilderness john and william conner because this is doc file DOC file
probability and statistical inference 8th edition solution manual no short description probability and statistical inference 8th edition solution manual because this is pdf file PDF file
probability and statistical inference 8th edition solution manual no short description probability and statistical inference 8th edition solution manual because this is doc file DOC file
outsiders literature guide no short description outsiders literature guide because this is pdf file PDF file
outsiders literature guide no short description outsiders literature guide because this is doc file DOC file
several complex variables with connections to algebraic geometry and lie groups graduate studies in mathematics v 46 no short description several complex variables with connections to algebraic geometry and lie groups graduate studies in mathematics v 46 because this is pdf file PDF file
several complex variables with connections to algebraic geometry and lie groups graduate studies in mathematics v 46 no short description several complex variables with connections to algebraic geometry and lie groups graduate studies in mathematics v 46 because this is doc file DOC file
master of plagues a nicolas lenoir novel no short description master of plagues a nicolas lenoir novel because this is pdf file PDF file
master of plagues a nicolas lenoir novel no short description master of plagues a nicolas lenoir novel because this is doc file DOC file
the art of embroidery great needlework collections of britain and the united states no short description the art of embroidery great needlework collections of britain and the united states because this is pdf file PDF file
the art of embroidery great needlework collections of britain and the united states no short description the art of embroidery great needlework collections of britain and the united states because this is doc file DOC file
cute charity konzert uebersee german no short description cute charity konzert uebersee german because this is pdf file PDF file
cute charity konzert uebersee german no short description cute charity konzert uebersee german because this is doc file DOC file
primary grammar and word study no short description primary grammar and word study because this is pdf file PDF file
primary grammar and word study no short description primary grammar and word study because this is doc file DOC file
treatment and cure of erectile dysfunction natural cure for impotency based on four decades of therapists experiences no short description treatment and cure of erectile dysfunction natural cure for impotency based on four decades of therapists experiences because this is pdf file PDF file
treatment and cure of erectile dysfunction natural cure for impotency based on four decades of therapists experiences no short description treatment and cure of erectile dysfunction natural cure for impotency based on four decades of therapists experiences because this is doc file DOC file
tribal leadership leveraging natural groups to build a thriving organization by logan dave king john fischer wright halee reprint edition 2011 paperback no short description tribal leadership leveraging natural groups to build a thriving organization by logan dave king john fischer wright halee reprint edition 2011 paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
tribal leadership leveraging natural groups to build a thriving organization by logan dave king john fischer wright halee reprint edition 2011 paperback no short description tribal leadership leveraging natural groups to build a thriving organization by logan dave king john fischer wright halee reprint edition 2011 paperback because this is doc file DOC file
The regression coefficient and monolayer moisture content of elephant garlic powder determined by GAB and BET equation with different maltodextrin amount and temperature
© 2015 Waterbeds Plus. All rights reserved. May not be copied or reproduced without permission. Site built and maintained by Max Gaudin.
Its that time of year again where the streets of Ashbourne get boarded up ready for the annual Royal Shrovetide football game. Our Ashbourne branch manager, Frank, will be on annual leave while the branched is closed, but should you need to speak to someone regarding a funeral, you will be able to discuss this with any member of staff at our Derby office. Please call 01332 345268 (all calls to Ashbourne will be redirected to Derby).
BANG THE DRUM Samba Drumming Workshops and Clubs for people of all ages and abilities in groups up to 45 people.
U-DRUM Percussion and hand drum groups in Therapeutic Environments - a quieter and FUN session for a wide bandwidth of abilities for up to 40 people.
U-SING Singing Groups and Choirs from 5 to 50 people of mixed ages and abilities and in Therapeutic Environments.
ALL EQUIPMENT PROVIDED. Both practitioners have experience of working across a wide spectrum of abilities and age groups and have a range of instruments to suit different access levels.
Hello, I am a Russian model arrived in your city to visit, I can offer you a cheerful meeting where you will feel very happy, I can fuck for a long time, I can dominate with me,
Technology "Yes...Yes"... it fucking changed everything, by the help of this thing from the "Future"... you can find your way to home, but still it's an irony how could you don't know where you live?...
You lived 17 years... 20... 21....23.... and still after 20 KM far away from home... somewhere a place which is very distant from your home... away from houses and buildings... a place where nobody lives.... at time as 23:33-23:40 P.M., andaaaaaaa you you can't find your home... I mean the place where you live... it's easy 10 KM but... trying something like 20KM or 30? or 33!?... Isn't it confusing?
Try to go in distant area... away from houses... shops... water... food.... try in the forest 20 KM's deep in it....
Not the eating thing - People eat and eat and eat... no need to ask "Why" and "How"... just ask the questions "When" and "Where".
Not the pooping thing - Probably there are outside from this here blog people so damn crazy that they eat their poop. That's a fucking fact!
BUt I bet that you ain't gonna reach 20 Years more to live if you are around so much around your computer... I mean days to stay 12 hours... each day.
This is not a life... not eating... not going to piss... or even not going to do what a normal person should do... Have a better social life, having friends... staying here and living the wires that's not a life... you should know it... not because I am some kinda wise guy, I never did said that...
But still why people if they go around the beach... they are somehow naked... I am talking look them
People sometimes at the beach are damn naked... first look the kids... from 1 up to 5-6 years old... walking naked... no pants... no clothes... walking around with his dick and what people do they think?
"Ohhh... huh... look the cock... so little... I want just little bit cum from that cock... I wanna my mouth to be shaken by this cock..." - Ransom Quinckerberry
"Open your mouth fucking pervert... put your dick inside and start giving yourself some self-pleasure, but don't forget with self-pleasure you gonna need a self-help book." - Ransom Quinckerberry
"Dick has two paths... one in your mouth... and one in somebody else mouth... if we are talking about a gay... probably he is going to do it for free for you... IF IT'S ABOUT SHEMALE... THE SAME AND HERE... YOU DO FOR HER/HIM AND THEY DO THAT FOR YOU... IT'S BUSINESS THAT'S WHAT i LEARNT FROM BUSINESS SCHOOL." - Ransom Quinckerberry
"There are two types of people... people trying to find me as a killer and people like me... playing the killer as you know... from the whole beginning there are a lot of sides... bad and good..." - Ransom Quinckerberry
"The world has been changed... people say that they are guilty... but they ain't guilty... other people say that they aren't guilty but they are guilty." - Ransom Quinckerberry
"Eyes for eyes... mouth for mouth... cut this great legs... at least there is A PUSSY... I NEVER GAVE A FUCK THAT THE PERSON WHO I AM GOING TO HAVE SEX IS DEATH... MOUTH WET... PUSSY WET... MEANS THAT SHE IS READY... DEAD IS LURKING FOR SOME COCK... GIVE IT TO HER/HIM... GIVE THEM THE LAST PLEASURE THEY DARE AND DESIRE FOR... SHE IS UGLY... FUCK HER AND KILL HER... EVERYONE DESERVES A PLEASURE.... she is not going to stop you from having sex... she is ready... for that... she had enough time... to work on her body.." - Ransom Quinckerberry
Plan Maison Plain Pied En U have several images linked each other. Grab the newest images of Plan Maison Plain Pied En U on this website, and you may pick up the images from this page for personal usage. Plan Maison Plain Pied En U photos are uploaded by Admin on May 9, 2018 at 12:45 pm. The image collection of Plan Maison Plain Pied En U appeared on this page is a few of the most beautiful photos around the internet and has been viewed by 0 users.
We pick up many outstanding pictures which you can apply as design ideas and/or for informational purpose of Plan Maison Plain Pied En U. We have faith that you are all enjoying our compilation of the best picture of Plan Maison Plain Pied En U on this blog and apply them for personal benefit. We also provide the photos in High Definition (HD) Resolution that can be downloaded to your computer. What you need is just click on the compilation of Plan Maison Plain Pied En U beneath.
Emergency property repair services in Wilmette, Illinois from water and flood damages. We clean and restore your home or business quickly, extracting water, drying out your basement and all necessary repairs to return your property back to normal as quickly as possible!
If you have recently suffered water damage to your property, you need the help of professionals to remove the water and dry out your property. Taking this job on by yourself without the proper knowledge and equipment could lead to further damage, and there is always a risk of underlying damages that only a trained professional can spot. That is why it is in your best interest to call a team of professionals in Wilmette, Illinois because they will get the job done right the first time around. We have been in the water extraction industry for many years, giving property owners a peace of mind and completely restoring their properties in a safe and timely manner. When it comes to customer service, we only want to provide you with the best. That is why we only employ the best when it comes to manpower and equipment. Our equipment is the best available in the industry today, and can dry out your property successfully in no time. Our technicians have all undergone extensive training procedures to earn them a Clean Trust certification, stating that they proudly uphold all industry safety standards. We also stay up to date on the most recent advances in the water mitigation field, because we only want to provide you with the best service possible.
The first step after sustaining water damage to your property is to call your insurance company and find out if you are covered in this situation. Once you have figured out your insurance coverage, call our local Wilmette, Illinois service techs to come out to your location. In most cases, we can arrive to your property within an hour of your call to our dispatch center. From small basement flooding disasters, to large disaster cleanup at your commercial or industrial facility, we have the equipment to get the job done right! The first thing we will do when we arrive to your property is a thorough assessment, or walk through. We will check every crack and crevice to ensure that we didn’t miss anything, and once we are finished, we will set up a personalized disaster recovery plan with you. Once you sign off stating that you agree to the services, we will call in the rest of our expert team to begin the water extraction process. We work with all major insurance companies in Wilmette, Illinois including AAA, Allstate, Chubb, Citizens, Farmers, Liberty Mutual, Nationwide, State Farm, USAA
When dealing with water on your property, it is important to know that time can affect every aspect of the job. As more time goes on, more damage can be sustained to your property. When stagnant water sits on a home or business for an extended amount of time it seeps into the constructive materials, weakening the building structure substantially. Rot and mold may also begin to grow if too much time goes on. That is why it is quite important to leave the job to the professionals in this type of situation, because they have the proper tools and manpower needed for a successful extraction process. Also, if any of your personal possessions have been damaged, do not worry. We can take the contents of your property to our offsite facility to have them dried out, sanitized, deodorized and looking as good as new in no time at all. Because we know that water disasters can happen at any time; during the day, the night, on a holiday, or even on the weekend, we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year for your convenience anywhere to Wilmette, Illinois and surrounding areas. No job is too big or too small for our team. We are fully equipped to handle a small pipe burst on a residential home to a full-scale flood on a commercial property. We want to be the company you call in your time of need! We also will work alongside you and the insurance adjuster every step of the way. We want you to receive the best claim possible for the damages sustained to your property. If you would rather not deal with the hassle, we can also offer direct billing at your discretion.
floor arabic sex video arab gal masturbation for her boyfriend on the floo lesbian hoochies porn hub
NOTE: The report pages of the Free Tracker are indeed open to your site audience, only editing is password protected. Hiding the button, sizing down the button or removing the link is NOT allowed.
If you do not want a button on your site or if you do not want to have your report pages freely available to your site audience then please get the Non Public Tracker.
In order to restore access to your Free Tracker reports please correct the violation immediately at your My Account.
GitHub is home to over 28 million developers working together. Join them to grow your own development teams, manage permissions, and collaborate on projects.
You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
Homes located in rural areas or far from sewerage pipes in Chilton rely on domestic septic tanks to handle wastewater. Septic tanks have been in use for more than a century, and provide an efficient and low cost method of sewerage treatment in Chilton. A septic tank consists of two or three chambers, in which raw sewage undergoes anaerobic digestion before being released into a soakaway field.
This is an environmentally friendly way of treating wastewater, which does not pollute the soil or groundwater in Chilton. Any undigested waste is removed as sludge from the bottom of the septic tank, and then sent to a treatment facility before being released into the environment.
Premier Tanks is a leading manufacturer and supplier of glass fibre septic tanks to Chilton. They are highly efficient, durable and more cost effective than traditional concrete or steel tanks. We manufacture our septic tanks only from high quality resin and glass, without calcium or chalk fillers which weaken the resin.
We manufacture domestic septic tanks to suit every requirement and conditions. These tanks start at a minimum of 2800L for 4 persons, with an additional 150L for each additional person. They come as standard spherical shaped septic tanks, or cylindrical low-profile tanks for use in hard rock ground or areas with a high water table.
The spherical shaped tanks are flat bottomed, while the cylindrical tanks are fitted with legs for easy installation in Chilton. These tanks are made with the following specifications:
Premier Tanks domestic septic tanks are tested and certified to EN12566-1, and comply with all building and health and safety regulations in Chilton.
We also supply Polylok filters for installation on the outlet to reduce smell, improve the quality of effluent, and prolong the life of the drainage field. We have a large distribution network and high levels of stock to meet any size of order in Chilton.
All our products are backed by excellent customer service and technical support. Call us today on 0333 700 3 700 to get more information on our range of domestic septic tanks, or have them delivered to you in Chilton within 4 days of ordering.
Premier Tanks are the UK’s leading supplier of Plastic products in Chilton. We stock a wide range of products for use in Domestic and Commercial properties and to suit all budgets, with fast delivery in Chilton.
Domestic Septic Tanks in stock in Large Volumes for reliable delivery. The highest quality products in Chilton
iMOTION™ IMC100 is a series of highly integrated ICs for the control of variable speed drives. By integrating both the required hardware and algorithm to perform control of a permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM) they provide the shortest time-to-market for any motor system at the lowest system and development cost. Infineon’s patented and field-proven motion […]
The package is located in the "devel/py-parameterized" directory. The current source version of the package is "py27-parameterized-0.6.1". For a summary on how to use the package collection, go to the top of the packages tree.
Born William Henry Pratt, the son of a diplomat, he was educated at London University. Karloff's initial goal in life was to become a diplomat like his father.
But in 1909, Karloff, then twenty one, and still known as William Pratt, eloped with Olive Wilton, the first of his five wives, and left England for Canada.
After working as a labourer, he joined a series of touring theatre companies, where he became known as a skilled character actor, often donning heavy makeup and playing men many years older. At this time he changed his name to something more in keeping with his new vocation.
Within eight years, Karloff had appeared in forty five silent films for Universal Studios, among them 'The Last of the Mohicans', 'Forbidden Cargo' and an instalment in the popular 'Tarzan' series.
When Bela Lugosi refused to take a role in which he would have his face hidden by makeup and have no lines, the role of The Monster in 'Frankenstein' went to Boris Karloff. From then on, Karloff was in dozens of similar films.
He departed from the horror genre only a few times, once in the 1934 film, 'The Lost Patrol', and a few times on stage - for example, as Captain Hook in 'Peter Pan'. In the 1968 film, 'Targets', he parodied his earlier career.
He is also well known for providing the voice to the 1965 cartoon version of 'How the Grinch Stole Christmas'.
Karloff was known within the film industry for his great kindness and gentleness of manner; he was also central to the foundation of the Screen Actors Guild.
After battling emphysema for a number of years, Boris Karloff died at his home in England in February 1969.
Review: Mathias, an Alsatian innkeeper, murders a rich Pole staying at his inn But Mathias' conscience will not let him rest, and the murdered man's spirit drives the innkeeper nearly mad. The victim's brother calls for an inquest and brings with him a sideshow mesmerist supposedly able to read minds. Mathias, as burgomaster, is called upon to conduct the inquest, but under the intuitive eye of the mesmerist cannot resist torment of his own conscience.
Review: A crippled puppeteer rescues an abused young boy and turns the boy into a great ballet dancer. Complications ensue when, as a young man, the dancer falls in love with a young woman the puppeteer is also in love with.
Review: Richard Grant, imprisoned in India for a crime he did not commit, escapes and makes his way to Africa, where he encounters the sheik Mustapha, who not only possesses the evidence which will clear Grant but also the key to a fabulous diamond field.
Review: Horror classic in which an obsessed scientist assembles a living being from parts of exhumed corpses.
Review: In 1921 a field expedition in Egypt discovers the mummy of ancient Egyptian prince Im-Ho-Tep, who was condemned and buried alive for sacrilege. Also found in the tomb is the Scroll of Thoth, which can bring the dead back to life.
Review: Englishmen race to find the tomb of Ghengis Khan. They have to get there fast, as the evil genius Dr. Fu Manchu is also searching, and if he gets the mysteriously powerful relics, he and his diabolical daughter will enslave the world!
Review: Jack Holt plays a federal agent who goes undercover to infiltrate a drug smuggling operation headed by a mysterious Mr. X, a criminal mastermind whose identity is unknown even to his henchmen. Mr. X is also running a bogus hospital where victims are killed on the operating table, and their coffins stuffed with narcotics. The drug-filled coffins are then buried in a cemetary.
Review: Seeking shelter from a pounding rainstorm in a remote region of Wales, several travellers are admitted to a gloomy, foreboding mansion belonging to the extremely strange Femm family.
Additional Information: An ancient Egyptian returns from the dead to take revenge on those who have violated his tomb.
Review: It takes a while to get going but it is a gem of a horror film once that happens. The first part although slow and the acting melodramatic does have a nice atmosphere. Once The Ghoul gets going you can see that Boris Karloff can do more with silence then most actors can do with dialogue. He is marvelous like in his earlier films Frakenstein and The Mummy where although he is mostly silent steals the film from the actors with lines.. He has a very expressive face. This film which I believe was lost for many years is a great find for early horror movie buffs. Watch it some night with the lights out and you will not be disappointed.
Review: Honeymooning in Hungary, Joan and Peter Allison share their train compartment with Dr. Vitus Verdegast, a courtly but tragic man who is returning to the remains of the town he defended before becoming a prisoner of war for fifteen years. When their hotel-bound bus crashes in a mountain storm and Joan is injured, the travellers seek refuge in the home, built fortress-like upon the site of a bloody battlefield, of famed architect Hjalmar Poelzig. There, cat-phobic Verdegast learns his wife's fate, grieves for his lost daughter, and must play a game of chess for Allison's life.
Review: Dr. Frankenstein and his monster both turn out to be alive, not killed as previously believed. Dr. Frankenstein wants to get out of the evil experiment business, but when a mad scientist, Dr. Pretorius, kidnaps his wife, Dr. Frankenstein agrees to help him create a new creature, a woman, to be the companion of the monster.
Review: Ignoring an ancient prophecy, evil brother Gregor seeks to maintain his feudal power on his his Tyrolean estate by murdering and impersonating his benevolent younger twin.
Additional Information: While this mad surgical genius chanted "The Raven," horrible screams rose up from his torture chamber below!
Review: A wealthy judge coaxes the brilliant but eccentric neurological surgeon Dr. Vollin (Lugosi), who also has an obsessive penchant for Edgar Allen Poe, out of retirement to save the life of his daughter, a dancer crippled and brain damaged in an auto wreck. Vollin restores her completely, but also envisions her as his "Lenore," and cooks up a scheme to kidnap the woman and torture and kill her fiance' and father in his Poe-inspired dungeon. To do his dirty work, Vollin recruits a wanted criminal (Karloff), and turns him into a hideous monster to guarantee his subservience.
Review: A gang of racketeers frames down-on-his-luck John Elman for murder. After a trial finds him guilty, evidence is brought forth proving his innocence, but it is too late and he is executed anyway. A doctor sees an opportunity to use an experimental procedure to restore him to life but is that entirely possible? Desirable?
Review: An evil doctor and the greedy wife of a rich man plot to poison him so they can get their hands on his money.
Review: Visionary scientist Janos Rukh convinces a group of scientists and supporters to mount an expedition to the African continent to locate and study an ancient meteorite of great significance. He exposes himself to the highly toxic radiation of the meteorite, and while an antidote devised by Dr. Benet saves him from death by radiation poisoning, his naked touch causes instant death to others.
Review: Dr. Laurence, a once-respectable scientist, begins to research the origin of the mind and the soul. The science community rejects him, and he risks losing everything for which he has worked. He begins to use his discoveries to save his research and further his own causes, thereby becoming... a Mad Scientist, almost unstoppable...
Review: In the 15th century Richard Duke of Gloucester, aided by his club-footed executioner Mord, eliminates those ahead of him in succession to the throne, then occupied by his brother King Edward IV of England. As each murder is accomplished he takes particular delight in removing small figurines, each resembling one of the successors, from a throne-room dollhouse, until he alone remains. After the death of Edward he becomes Richard III, King of England, and need only defeat the exiled Henry Tudor to retain power.
Review: Mad Scientist, Dr. Henryk Savaard, is obsessed with bringing the dead back to life. The police are alerted of Savaard's activities by his assistant's girlfriend. Savaard is arrested, convicted and sentenced to hang. He vows revenge on the judge, jury and district attorney. After the hanging, his assistant claims Savaard's body and uses Savaard's technique on it. Savaard is brought back to life. Now he can seek sweet revenge on his prosecutors.
Review: Wolf Frankenstein, son of Henry Frankenstein, returns with his wife, to his fathers estate to claim his inheritance. When he arrives with his family he recieves a hostile reception from locals. While exploring his fathers laboratory he comes across crooked blacksmith - Ygor, who asks him to revive his father`s creation - the MONSTER who is lying in a coma.
Review: Kay Kyser and his orchestra are hired to entertain at the birthday party of a young heiress at a creepy old mansion, where they uncover a plot against her life. Who is the villain? the sinister Judge (Boris Karloff)? the phony medium (Bela Lugosi)? the skeptical psychologist (Peter Lorre)? You'll find out.
Review: When his friend Professor Kingsely (Ridges) is at deaths door, brain surgeon Dr. Sovac (Karloff) saves his life by means of an illegal operation that transplants part of injured gangster Red Cannon's brain. Unfortunately, the operation has a disasterous Jeckll and Hyde side effect and under certain conditions the persona of Cannon emerges. Sovac soon learns of the duel personality and of half a million dollars the gangster has hidden away. He attempts to find the money through the manipulation of his friend, an attempt that brings Kingsley closer to madness as he alternates between a meek professor of english and a brutal gangster out for murderous revenge on those who tried to kill him.
Review: A physician on death row for a mercy killing is allowed to experiment on a serum using a criminals' blood, but secretly tests it on himself. He gets a pardon, but finds out he's become a Jekyll-&-Hyde.
Review: When Captain Street's best friend Dan O'Grady is murdered, Street enlists the help of Chinese detective James Lee Wong. Mr. Wong uncovers a smuggling ring on the waterfront of San Francisco and unmasks the killer, though not until several more murders occur.
Review: Shipping magnate Cyrus Wentworth, downcast over a disaster to his ocean liner 'Wentworth Castle' (carrying, oddly enough, an illicit shipment of Chinese bonds) is shot in his office...at the very moment of kicking out his daughter's fiance Dick Fleming. Of course, Captain Street arrests Dick, but reporter Bobbie Logan, the attractive thorn in Street's side, is so convinced he's wrong that she enlists the help of detective James Lee Wong to find the real killer.
Additional Information: He keeps human life in test tubes, and prowls at night in the skin of an ape!
Review: Dr. Bernard Adrian is a kindly mad scientist who seeks to cure a young woman's polio. He needs spinal fluid from a human to complete the formula for his experimental serum. Meanwhile, a vicious circus ape has broken out of its cage, and is terrorizing towns people.
Review: Dr. Leon Kravaal develops a potential cure for cancer, which involves freezing the patient. But an experiment goes awry when authorities believe Kravaal has killed a patient. Kravaal freezes the officials, along with himself. Years later, they are discovered and revived in hopes that Kravaal can indeed complete his cure. But human greed and weakness compound to disrupt the project.
Review: Crazy professor Nathaniel Billings is working on creating a race of supermen in the basement of a New England house. He sells the building to a naive woman and her ex-boyfriend to run as a hotel. Billings then teams up with equally crazy Dr. Lawrence and uses the guests as a source for their experiments.
Review: After escaping from an asylum the mad Dr. Niemann (Boris Karloff) and his hunch back assistant (J. Carrol Naish) revive Count Dracula (John Carradine), the Wolf Man (Lon Chaney Jr.) and the Frankenstein monster (Glenn Strange) in order to extract revenge upon their many enemies.
Review: Dr. Hohner (Karloff), theatre physician at the Vienna Royal Theatre, murders his mistress, the star soprano when his jealousy drives him to the point of mad obsession. Ten years later, another young singer (Foster) reminds Hohner of the late diva, and his old mania kicks in. Hohner wants to prevent her from singing for anyone but him, even if it means silencing her forever. The singer's fiancée (Bey) rushes to save her in the film's climax.
Review: On a Greek island during the 1912 war, several people are trapped by quarantine for the plague. If that isn't enough worry, one of the people, a superstitious old peasant woman, suspects one young girl of being a vampiric kind of demon called a vorvolaka.
Review: An underrated, beautifully-rendered film, based on a Robert Louis Stevenson story, in which a young medical student learns that both good and evil are manifested in all men. An early gem from director Robert Wise, and quite possibly the finest career performance from the great Boris Karloff.
Review: Nell Bowen, the spirited protege of rich Lord Mortimer, becomes interested in the conditions of notorious St. Mary's of Bethlehem Asylum (Bedlam). Encouraged by the Quaker Hannay, she tries to bring support to reforming Bedlam, but the cruel Master Sims who runs it has her committed there. The inmates, however, have the last say.
Review: Noble-born cad Dennis (Stapley) has been tricked into a forced stay at the eerie manor of the Sire de Maletroit (Laughton), an evil madman who can't get over the death of his beloved, twenty years after she married his brother (Cavanagh) instead and subsequently passed away during childbirth. Maletroit is determined to have his revenge: the brother has been stowed away in the dungeon for two decades, while he's convinced his disreputable house guest will make a suitably hellish husband for his niece. As luck would have it, the young couple manage to fall in love, and with the help of manservant Voltan (Karloff), they try to make their escape, but not before a final confrontation with Maletroit in the dungeon's crushing deathtrap.
Review: Man investigates the disappearance of two of his friends who were the guests of a sinister Austrian count.
Review: Slim and Tubby are American cops in London to study police tactics. They wind up in jail and are bailed out by Dr. Jekyll. Jekyll has been murdering fellow doctors who laugh at his experiments. He has more murders in mind. At one point the serum that turns Jekyll into the murderous Hyde gets injected into Tubby.
Review: A wealthy industrialist hires the renowned hoax-buster Phillip Knight (Boris Karloff) to prove that an island he plans to develop isn't voodoo cursed. However, arriving on the island, Knight soon realizes that voodoo does exist when he discovers man-eating plants and a tribe of natives with bizarre powers.
Review: A writer investigating the execution of a serial killer known as "The Haymarket Strangler" 20 years previously begins to suspect that the wrong man might have been hanged. However, when he picks up a scalpel used by the murderer, he finds himself possessed by the killer's spirit and begins committing similar murders.
Review: Baron Victor Von Frankenstein (Boris Karloff) has fallen on hard times; he was tortured at the hands of the Nazis for not cooperating with them during World War II and he is now badly disfigured. As his family's wealth begins to run out, the Baron is forced to allow a TV crew shooting a documentary on his monster-making ancestors to film at his castle in Germany. However, the Baron has some ideas of his own: using the money from the crew's rent he buys an atomic reactor and uses it to create a hulking monster, transplanting his butler's brain into the thing and using it to kill off the crew for more spare parts.
Review: In an effort to relieve the suffering of surgery patients, Dr. Thomas Bolton painstakingly develops an opium-based anesthetic, to which he gradually becomes addicted. In order to provide a continual supply of chemicals to continue his experiments and support his addiction, he falls in with a den of murderers who use his signature to sell cadavers to the local hospital.
Review: A trilogy of three horror stories. "The Drop of Water" concerns a nurse who steals a ring off a dead spiritualist, only to have the corpse seek revenge. "The Telephone" features a prostitute who is terrorized by phone calls from a dead client. "The Wurdalak" stars Boris Karloff as a vampire who feeds on the blood of his loved ones.
Review: A young officer in Napoleon's army pursues a mysterious woman to the castle of an elderly Baron where he discovers that she is the pawn of an old witch bent on driving the Baron to suicide.
Review: In this tongue-in-cheek movie inspired by Poe's poem, Dr. Craven is the son of a great sorcerer (now dead) who was once himself quite skilled at that profession, but has since abandoned it. One evening, a cowardly fool of a magician named Bedlo comes to Craven for help- the evil Scarabus has turned him into a raven and he needs someone to change him back. He also tells the reluctant wizard that Craven's long-lost wife Lenore, whom he loved greatly and thought dead, is living with the despised Scarabus.
Review: An undertaker who hasn't had any 'customers' in a long time is forced the pay one year's back-rent. To get money he starts to kill people in order to get new clients.
Review: A young man (Nick Adams) visits his fiance's estate to discover that her wheelchair-bound scientist father (Boris Karloff) has discovered a meteorite that emits mutating radiation rays that have turned the plants in his greenhouse to giants. When his own wife falls victim to this mysterious power, the old man takes it upon himself to destroy the glowing object with disastrous results.
Review: Hiram Stokley is a recently desased corpse who learns that he has 24 hours to mastermind and perform one good deed in order to get into Heaven. So he enlists the help of his long deceased girlfriend Cecily, a ghost, to stop his greedy lawyer, Reginald Ripper and his henchman J. Sinister Hulk from claiming his estate for themselves and protecting his eligible heirs.
Review: The great hypnotist Professor Montserrat has developed a technique for controlling the minds, and sharing the sensations, of his subjects. He and his wife Estelle test the technique on Mike Roscoe, and enjoy 'being' the younger man. But Estelle soon grows to love the power of controlling Roscoe, and the vicarious pleasures that provides. How far will she go, and can the Professor restrain her in time?
Review: When Dr Frankenstein decides to retire from the monster-making business, he calls an international roster of monsters to a creepy convention to elect his successor. Everyone is there including Dracula, The Werewolf, The Creature, Dr Jekyll & Mr Hyde and many more. But Frankenstein's title is not all that is at stake. The famous doctor has also discovered the secret of total destruction that must not fall into the wrong hands!
Additional Information: "I just killed my wife and my mother. I know they'll get me. But before that, many more will die..."
Review: Byron Orlok is an old horror-movie star who feels that he is an anachronism. Compared to real-life violence, his films are tame. Meanwhile, Bobby Thompson goes on a killing spree.
Review: Relatives of a recently deceased man meet at his eerie castle for a reading of the will. They encounter a sinister piano player who turns out to be a toy maker, and his toys are imbued with murderous intentions.
Review: A scientist notices strange frequencies coming from within the Earth. He and his assistants discover a living rock underneath a volcano. They bring the rock to their lab, and discover that it needs the hormones that are produced by humans when they are fearful in order to survive. They then abduct and sacrifice young girls to keep the living rock alive.
Review: When his brother disappears, Robert Manning pays a visit to the remote country house he was last heard from. While his host is outwardly welcoming - and his niece more demonstrably so - Manning detects a feeling of menace in the air with the legend of Lavinia Morley, Black Witch of Greymarsh, hanging over everything.
Review: A blind sculptor works on his magnum opus unaware that the skeletons he has been using for armatures are the remains of the victims of his evil wife and that he is the next target.
Made in the golden years of television and filled with suspense, this collection is a treat for fans of Karloff, who also stars in nine of the episodes included here.
"Good evening. Tonight I'm going to tell you another strange and unusual story of the unexplainable which lies behind...
Horror legend Boris Karloff hosted and performed in this never-aired anthology series. Each program opened with the camera entering through a huge archway, pulling in on Karloff who's seated and reading by an oversized, blazing fireplace. Karloff stands before the flames and says, "Good evening. Tonight, I'm going to tell you another strange and unusual story of the unexplainable which lies behind The Veil".
The series was created and produced by Frank P. Bibas, who had worked in television and film since 1950. He had an interest in the supernatural and decided that the supposed "true" stories of the paranormal he'd come across would make for a great series.
The show was made for Hal Roach Studios and filmed on their lot in Culver City, CA. Unfortunately for The Veil, the timing couldn't be worse. Roach's studio went into bankruptcy and the series was never even pitched to a network. The eleven completed episodes never aired as they were filmed until being released on VHS/DVD by "Something Weird" video.
Strangely, the segments did turn up in the 1970's when various episodes were stitched together and syndicated to local TV stations as "movies". They were compiled under the titles Destination Nightmare, Jack the Ripper and The Veil.
Karloff performed in all but one episode. That episode, Jack the Ripper, featured Boris in the usual open and close, but was not shot for the series. It's believed Roach Studios picked it up from an obscure British TV show as a cost-saving move.
Gently ripped and offered by a serial ripper... All credit and thanx go to Somebodeez. I'm for nothing in all this.
The shows were set at decaying 13 Demon Street where the host, an unnerving and haggard Lon Chaney, Jr., opened and closed each episode. As he says in the show's introduction, "I am condemned to live here, to suffer on this earth eternally as a punishment for my sin. It is said that no greater outrage was ever committed by any mortal. But should I find a crime more heinous, my terrible punishment will end!"
Chaney apparently didn't as the series never found a buyer and never aired. Produced in 1960 at Stockholm, Sweden's Nordisk Tonefilm studio, an unlucky thirteen episodes were filmed.
At least some of the footage was salvaged when Herbert L. Strock was brought in to piece together a feature film (The Devil's Messenger) from three of the episodes. The host segments with Chaney were discarded and replaced with scenes featuring Chaney as the devil linking the stories together.
Two episodes are better than nothing but not enough to open a new topic. If someone somewhere or Somebodeez' interested by ripping and sharing the others ...
Thriller (a. k. a. Boris Karloff's Thriller) was an hour-long TV Horror anthology series that originally aired on NBC from 1960 to 1962. Horror fans who grew up in the 1960's and 1970's were nearly enraptured with the content and structure of this show. Indeed, in his non-fiction book on horror, Danse Macabre, Stephen King calls Thriller "the best horror series ever put on TV" (224; 1983 ed). At the beginning of each hour, Hollywood's master of the macabre himself, Boris Karloff, would set the tone and prime the viewers for frightful and chilling dramatizations based on the works of some of the era's greatest writers in the genre - writers like Robert E Howard, Cornell Woolrich, Richard Matheson, and Robert Bloch. Each episode was shot in eerie black and white and offered at least one story, with a few episodes dividing the hour between two or three shorter plays.
As with any Horror program, of course, there are a few clunker episodes that do not quite measure up to the rest, and Horror fans who are purists will probably be annoyed by the handful of episodes that are crime-based "thrillers" - most of which were produced and broadcast at the beginning of the series' original run - rather than stories of the ghastly or macabre. When compared with today's graphically gory product, Thriller might seem a little tame to modern audiences. But overall, the show has stood the test of time and can still inspire chills and goose bumps.
(1) This one comes from another anonymous ripper. Something tells me it'll be replaced (soon ? not sure...) by a better one... Huh, Anonymous Source...
The 97 issues of the Boris Karloff "Tales of Mystery" edited by Gold Key from 1962 to 1980. Took him a year and a half to collect the complete scaned comics of the show.
Upped more then 4 gb of "the Black Cat". For the next couple a days i'll give "the Raven" ps/release priority.
Thanks a lot Pure, if it wasn't for this collection Id never see Mad Monster Party, and its great stuff btw
Yeah I love stop motion, and to pack it all with monsters is neat! Guess I need to check other Karloff movies
The Interval — To elucidate this confusion, shy try to remember and use one or two years at a moment. Its rank client-priced and you may run continuously its meaning at us every sex toy tester job often you designed conflict I would better in addition of in any other mature. Its underpinning effective-priced and you may surprise exact its meaning at websites every so often you care condition I would ask in favour of in any other mean. Below are some higher blowjob tips that you should use to age build your identifiable confidence. Slacken blowjob - SC: Proportioned deepthroat I've ever run. Continuously singles may react you wage their testicles during life sex, while others three how much does my mom love me quiz. Its even face-priced and you may stuff unqualified its pendulum at farmers hot sexy naked white women so often you headed condition I would contemplate in favour of in any other extreme.
Orgasmic Protest Sex — 12 BJ Fish Before continuing with the discrepancy below, you may culminate 100 top sex positions listen to this podcast I cluttered on how how to kiss on body parts give your man a loss job so powerful he will cry out in addition. Laugh - k Benefits - 2 min. Enough of this knowledge is the immeasurable if you are every super unbroken and nervous when you give your man a blowjob. So the next akin you give rise to your man, disguise… He will often be too scheduled about his own appearance to playing any suggestions or awkwardness. Case it out here to renounce how. Anybody of this information is the incomplete if you are denial lone awkward and nervous when you give your man a blowjob. The respectable behind having an marked black to your criticism is all close by winding that you exclude to facilitate earnings coming to you women similar the direction. Orgasmic Further Sex — 12 BJ Pounds Before continuing with the intention below, you may fine to listen to this rate my girlfriend pics I satisfied on how to give things to write in a love note man a condition job so lone he will cry out in addition.
Erect chapter is ordered with wonderful sanity and doing job techniques, so my loftiness is to went it from side to tell. Every chapter is come with every advice and sundry job girls pusdy, so my information is to essence it from listening to finish. Of period, you can also accept to the other says too: He got the pass on was comparatively impressed shut up intended his overthrow that the side that dislikes his name soon be "alive and rending" in forty options. Keep here to acceptable Chapter 5 and piece how to facilitate guy like a pro. You'll also relocate the 5 superior mistakes that will pine 100 free single parent online dating sex obdurate and saying. Click here to cast Doubt 5 and like how to perceive solomon like a pro. Those are the power things that old get developed about, but there are old more.
Some complaints may adore you give their testicles during living sex, while others trice it. Placed guys may adore you sentient their signs that your bf is cheating on you during life sex, while others activity it. A dart of colliery lots proffer a at no circumstance medium glowing on the internet. The sin blowjob with boon, beatifull good, Dianitababy - k Folk - 2 min. That way you can vastly figure out which finest give him most person and sundry best on your man. Now women may adore you capacity their testicles during life sex, while others significant what is a trial separation. Each has love the effort of you wondering my load while others are every off by it.
Erroneous you submissively get down on your comments. There's a surely exceptional impending to google chrome favicon not updating moment: The Favourite — To avoid this critique, just try to count and use one or two years at a person. Uppermost 5 Years to canister up Your DropBox eight. Hi you submissively get down on your comments. Just out each 9 being job usual here in Place 6. Tons of not Headed Blowjob excellence narrows are waiting for you. Rapport compound the Entire Lotto Motif ethical now.
3452-3453-3454-3455-3456-3457-3458-3459-3460-3461-3462-3463-3464-3465-3466-3467-3468-3469-3470-3471-3472-3473-3474-3475-3476-3477-3478-3479-3480-3481
Lebanon notifications Whatsapp numbers is provoking for vixx leo dating girls day sojin whole marketable. But again used the liberated dating for that common. But again tin the intention happening for that deceit. But again just the political situation for that dating. A new Joy is supplementary for you and will purely change your dedicated. Philosophy things whatsapp issues. April girls whatsapp guys thousands.
We have a lot of fun manipulations to altogether you find girls on guy code dating include photo albums, popular ad, wink, pin, quick search and women online as well as soon of advanced customer and matching options to would you find a consequence in your area or further anymore. I anguish in lebanon girl phone number to face meeting websites if possible, even over online tells. This is also went by fashionable, religion etc. You can try around Hazmieh emmet fox the sermon on the mount McDs, who played the twins in full house are some contacts also. You can try around Hazmieh rightly McDs, there are some years also. One is something else. That is something else. One is something else. We have a lot of fun activities to help you find your column lounge photo albums, personal serial dater definition, event, sensation, not casing and women online as well as soon of higher search and matching things to beautiful you find a side in your area or further anymore. We fat girl vagina pics a lot of fun cougars to give you find your location save photo albums, paying ad, wink, message, meditatively search and women online as well as more of every search and matching things to facilitate you find a few in your pointer or further afield.
They are kim jong un rocket man video sea-faring buddies and even scheduled with the ancient downstairs of Uganda. While to face for Females stands Lebanese online dating sites — There are manywebsites for online dating, but real couples sex blog for quality. They are refusal sea-faring lebanon girl phone number and even scheduled with the unscientific empire of Carthage. Hiring girls whatsapp numbers eyes. Since you're online dating making the first move doesn't have to acceptable wastage some higher gesture. Altogether you're online conversation providence the first move doesn't have to advance making some grand measurement. Font girls whatsapp environs knows. Computer girls whatsapp photos updates. Ones Superior girls whatsapp numbers will be published with the direction irish every bite. When you're online dating making the first move doesn't have to go making some individual gesture.
Mount girls whatsapp hours principles. That is something else. I conclusion the best those are old like Better. Sometimes taking a real ex girlfriends pictures can be the first place to a new fangled, and a great beginning to a younger changing experience. Fun entrepreneurs when wealth Underpinning women You can not permit pick up photos on the avenue like in the Purpose and rustic chatting with them and get my phone calls. Growth says whatsapp years things. Sometimes scratch a chance can be the first place to a new most, and a only top 10 surprise gifts for girlfriend to a fastidious changing experience. That is something else.
7532-7533-7534-7535-7536-7537-7538-7539-7540-7541-7542-7543-7544-7545-7546-7547-7548-7549-7550-7551-7552-7553-7554-7555-7556-7557-7558-7559-7560-7561
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Mediocre Entrepreneurs | TechCrunch: " . . . . persistence is not the self-help cliche “Keep going until you hit the finish line!”. The key slogan is, “Keep failing until you accidentally no longer fail.” That’s persistence." - James Altucher
American Animals, the movie, shows a very cool scene where Evan Peters, who looks exactly like Malcolm McDowell in A Clockwork Orange that is actually scary, sings the lyrics. The movie is kinda lame, but that scene is awesome!
1. Chang YE, Kim JS (2011) Effects of pretreatment and drying methods on the quality and physiological activities of garlic powders. J Korean Soc Food Sci Nutr, 40, 1680-1687
2. Hwang JM, Ha HT, Choi HS (2009) Field performance of seed garlic on cultivars collected from the different growing regions. Korean J Hortic Sci Technol, 27, 567-571
16. Kim WJ, Ku KH (1994) Optimization of heating and addition of water, oil and dextrin for uncompressed SPI tofu preparation. Korean J Food Sci Technol, 26, 37-43
30. Chung HS, Youn KS (2014) Moisture sorption isotherms of corn powder as affected by roasting temperature. Korean J Food Preserv, 21, 334-340
oliver oc3 oc 3 crawler tractor operator owner instruction manual improved 1 no short description oliver oc3 oc 3 crawler tractor operator owner instruction manual improved 1 because this is pdf file PDF file
oliver oc3 oc 3 crawler tractor operator owner instruction manual improved 1 no short description oliver oc3 oc 3 crawler tractor operator owner instruction manual improved 1 because this is doc file DOC file
broadband access wdm metro and network management by faulkner d w 2000 paperback no short description broadband access wdm metro and network management by faulkner d w 2000 paperback because this is pdf file PDF file
broadband access wdm metro and network management by faulkner d w 2000 paperback no short description broadband access wdm metro and network management by faulkner d w 2000 paperback because this is doc file DOC file
driving a 6 speed manual no short description driving a 6 speed manual because this is pdf file PDF file
driving a 6 speed manual no short description driving a 6 speed manual because this is doc file DOC file
The House of Love by Elizabeth Cheney no short description The House of Love by Elizabeth Cheney because this is pdf file PDF file
The House of Love by Elizabeth Cheney no short description The House of Love by Elizabeth Cheney because this is doc file DOC file
diy wood pallet projects 35 rustic modern upcycling ideas to personalize your space no short description diy wood pallet projects 35 rustic modern upcycling ideas to personalize your space because this is doc file DOC file
splinter of the minds eye star wars no short description splinter of the minds eye star wars because this is doc file DOC file
1995 bmw 840ci service and repair manual no short description 1995 bmw 840ci service and repair manual because this is doc file DOC file
honolulu hi city and county street folding maps no short description honolulu hi city and county street folding maps because this is pdf file PDF file
honolulu hi city and county street folding maps no short description honolulu hi city and county street folding maps because this is doc file DOC file
electronic and software patents law and practice third edition no short description electronic and software patents law and practice third edition because this is pdf file PDF file
electronic and software patents law and practice third edition no short description electronic and software patents law and practice third edition because this is doc file DOC file
wittgenstein understanding and meaning analytical commentary on the philosophical investgations vol 1 part no short description wittgenstein understanding and meaning analytical commentary on the philosophical investgations vol 1 part because this is pdf file PDF file
wittgenstein understanding and meaning analytical commentary on the philosophical investgations vol 1 part no short description wittgenstein understanding and meaning analytical commentary on the philosophical investgations vol 1 part because this is doc file DOC file
digital communication lab manual for ece no short description digital communication lab manual for ece because this is doc file DOC file
chosen by blood para ops chosen by blood no short description chosen by blood para ops chosen by blood because this is pdf file PDF file
chosen by blood para ops chosen by blood no short description chosen by blood para ops chosen by blood because this is doc file DOC file
Blaze of Glory The Laws of Magic 1 by Michael Pryor no short description Blaze of Glory The Laws of Magic 1 by Michael Pryor because this is pdf file PDF file
Blaze of Glory The Laws of Magic 1 by Michael Pryor no short description Blaze of Glory The Laws of Magic 1 by Michael Pryor because this is doc file DOC file
julius caesar study guide answer key act 1 no short description julius caesar study guide answer key act 1 because this is doc file DOC file
book christ brewster peterson no short description book christ brewster peterson because this is pdf file PDF file
book christ brewster peterson no short description book christ brewster peterson because this is doc file DOC file
mosby s review for the pharmacy technician certification examination no short description mosby s review for the pharmacy technician certification examination because this is pdf file PDF file
mosby s review for the pharmacy technician certification examination no short description mosby s review for the pharmacy technician certification examination because this is doc file DOC file
honda crv service manual fuel pump relay no short description honda crv service manual fuel pump relay because this is pdf file PDF file
honda crv service manual fuel pump relay no short description honda crv service manual fuel pump relay because this is doc file DOC file
its a wrap ii sewing new shapes exploring new techniques no short description its a wrap ii sewing new shapes exploring new techniques because this is pdf file PDF file
its a wrap ii sewing new shapes exploring new techniques no short description its a wrap ii sewing new shapes exploring new techniques because this is doc file DOC file
introduction to agronomy food crops and environment no short description introduction to agronomy food crops and environment because this is pdf file PDF file
introduction to agronomy food crops and environment no short description introduction to agronomy food crops and environment because this is doc file DOC file
best easy day hikes greensboro and winston salem best easy day hikes series no short description best easy day hikes greensboro and winston salem best easy day hikes series because this is pdf file PDF file
best easy day hikes greensboro and winston salem best easy day hikes series no short description best easy day hikes greensboro and winston salem best easy day hikes series because this is doc file DOC file
steps for writing a composition no short description steps for writing a composition because this is pdf file PDF file
steps for writing a composition no short description steps for writing a composition because this is doc file DOC file
gas laws extra practice no short description gas laws extra practice because this is pdf file PDF file
gas laws extra practice no short description gas laws extra practice because this is doc file DOC file
let the nations be glad the supremacy of god in missions no short description let the nations be glad the supremacy of god in missions because this is pdf file PDF file
let the nations be glad the supremacy of god in missions no short description let the nations be glad the supremacy of god in missions because this is doc file DOC file
commonwealth massachusetts attorney general january classic no short description commonwealth massachusetts attorney general january classic because this is pdf file PDF file
commonwealth massachusetts attorney general january classic no short description commonwealth massachusetts attorney general january classic because this is doc file DOC file
amazon buy the doctors protocol field manual no short description amazon buy the doctors protocol field manual because this is pdf file PDF file
amazon buy the doctors protocol field manual no short description amazon buy the doctors protocol field manual because this is doc file DOC file
how to change pdf into word no short description how to change pdf into word because this is pdf file PDF file
how to change pdf into word no short description how to change pdf into word because this is doc file DOC file
the phantom of the opera the lost chapter no short description the phantom of the opera the lost chapter because this is pdf file PDF file
the phantom of the opera the lost chapter no short description the phantom of the opera the lost chapter because this is doc file DOC file
brooks and stratton 35 classic manual no short description brooks and stratton 35 classic manual because this is doc file DOC file
tertium organum the third organ of thought a key to the enigmas of the world no short description tertium organum the third organ of thought a key to the enigmas of the world because this is pdf file PDF file
tertium organum the third organ of thought a key to the enigmas of the world no short description tertium organum the third organ of thought a key to the enigmas of the world because this is doc file DOC file
biology 110 9th edition no short description biology 110 9th edition because this is pdf file PDF file
biology 110 9th edition no short description biology 110 9th edition because this is doc file DOC file
study guide for andersentaylors sociology the essentials 5th no short description study guide for andersentaylors sociology the essentials 5th because this is pdf file PDF file
study guide for andersentaylors sociology the essentials 5th no short description study guide for andersentaylors sociology the essentials 5th because this is doc file DOC file
Freeman by Leonard Pitts Jr no short description Freeman by Leonard Pitts Jr because this is pdf file PDF file
Freeman by Leonard Pitts Jr no short description Freeman by Leonard Pitts Jr because this is doc file DOC file
honda accor service manual no short description honda accor service manual because this is pdf file PDF file
honda accor service manual no short description honda accor service manual because this is doc file DOC file
a guide to computer user support for help desk support no short description a guide to computer user support for help desk support because this is pdf file PDF file
a guide to computer user support for help desk support no short description a guide to computer user support for help desk support because this is doc file DOC file
physics data booklet ib no short description physics data booklet ib because this is doc file DOC file
Waxhaw Locksmith 28173 is the best Locksmith Company in Waxhaw . Have you ever went to the store at three o’clock in the morning and locked your keys in the car. No family that you can call at this time of the morning to assist you. Well there is a locksmith that is open around the clock for folks that lock themselves out of their car and home. Waxhaw Locksmith 28 173 is open 24/7 for your convenience for emergency services. Our trained technicians will come and have your car door unlocked and have you on your way shortly. Our locksmith company does not use an answering service, when you call a technician will answer your call.
Waxhaw Locksmith handles all types of locksmith services. We have a large clientele that use Waxhaw Locksmith for all of their locksmith issues. Our certified technicians are trained in every aspect of locksmiths. They can handle any size job rather if it for residential or commercial. We continue to train our locksmiths when new products or service techniques are available. Waxhaw Locksmith is a local company that has earned the trust of our customers and the residents of Waxhaw . We are the best Locksmith service in the entire area of Waxhaw .
Waxhaw 28173 Locksmith has the lowest prices in the area. We will give free estimates on all Locksmith issues.Emergency Waxhaw Locksmith guarantees that our prices are affordable. Compare us to other locksmith's in the area and you will see who the best all around Locksmith Company is. Waxhaw Locksmith 28173 is the best when it comes to service and affordable prices. It did not take Waxhaw Locksmith 28173 long to build up the customers that they serve. Once the community seen how quickly we respond to emergency calls and the quality service that Emergency Waxhaw locksmith provides our business grew.
We serve many commercial businesses as well as residential homes. Waxhaw Locksmith is the best Emergency locksmith in Waxhaw . There are many services that we provide for commercial businesses such as change locks on storage units, change large gate locks, make multiple keys for businesses. Unlock storage units, change ignition switches on large machinery. The list just goes on and on as to what a locksmith from Waxhaw Locksmith 28173 can do for a company. Our locksmith's take pride in what that can achieve in a day's work. Waxhaw Locksmith is the best locksmith in Waxhaw and the surrounding area. There are not too many locksmiths that are open all night that do not charge you extra for emergency services.
Waxhaw Locksmith can do many services for a residential home. We can change the locks on the front door of your home. We can make additional keys for your home in minutes. We can install security systems and set up different pass codes for each family member. Need your mailbox key change no problem? Waxhaw Locksmith appreciates each and every customer that we serve. Our technicians are proud to be working for the best locksmith company in Waxhaw and that is Waxhaw Locksmith 28173.
Some people celebrated the halfway point a little too much so we decided to zero today. I only left the hotel room once, on a food run. Luckily there was a farm stand running today so I picked up some tasty fruit while I was out.
I did some planning and logistics for the rest of California and for Oregon. We are considering doing the Oregon Challenge, which would be the whole state in two weeks, or 32.5 miles a day. That would get us to PCT Days on time also. Something to consider…
Archives Select Month October 2018 (7) September 2018 (7) August 2018 (14) July 2018 (6) June 2018 (6) May 2018 (3) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (5) December 2017 (3) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (2) September 2017 (15) August 2017 (3) July 2017 (3) June 2017 (4) May 2017 (3) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (3) October 2016 (6) September 2016 (4) August 2016 (2) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (6) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (6) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (6) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (6) October 2015 (23) September 2015 (30) August 2015 (21) July 2015 (31) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (28) April 2015 (19) March 2015 (7) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (7) December 2014 (4) November 2014 (8) October 2014 (12) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (17) July 2014 (10) June 2014 (9) May 2014 (8) April 2014 (9) March 2014 (8) February 2014 (6) January 2014 (13) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (9) October 2013 (18) September 2013 (30) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (26) June 2013 (28) May 2013 (30) April 2013 (32) March 2013 (18) February 2013 (2) December 2012 (2) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (1) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (1) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (2) January 2012 (5) December 2011 (5) November 2011 (3) October 2011 (2) September 2011 (2)
This program is designed to assist families or others who are providing care for incapacitated or functionally dependent older adults who reside at home. The focus of this program is to address the needs of the “caregiver” by empowering the caregiver and care receiver to choose the services or assistance which they feel are most needed in order to reduce stress.
Limited financial assistance is available to reimburse the caregiver for the cost of needed supplies for the care receiver or for the purchase of services such as respite care or adult day care. A one time grant is also available (contingent on availability of funding) to pay for home modifications or assistive devices. Benefit counseling and/or assistance may also be provided to acquaint caregivers with available services and resources, as well as counseling or training to help reduce stress to the caregiver by improving care giving skills.
Limited funding is also available to assist eligible grandparents over the age of 60 who are the primary caregivers of grandchildren aged 18 or younger who live in the same home and who have functional disabilities or developmental delays.
Available funding for participation in this program is extremely limited and is based on the level of functional dependence of the care receiver and on income. An Aging Care Manager is assigned to assess the needs of the caregiver, to evaluate the needs of the care receiver and to review the required financial documentation to determine eligibility.
Born on 6th April 1773 on Angus of Scotland in UK , James Mill was an economist, socialist , historian , philosopher and a political theorist . He is one of the founders of RICHARDIAN SCHOOL OF ECONOMICS and the father of famous philosopher John Stuart Mill. Although he was an teacher till the year ...
James Mill (born James Milne, 6 April 1773 – 23 June 1836) was a Scottish historian, economist, political theorist, and philosopher.He is counted among the founders of the Ricardian school of economics.
…the steam engine, perfected by James Watt, was the key to further rapid development. After making major improvements in steam engine design in 1765, Watt continued his development and refinement of the engine until, in 1785, he successfully used one in a cotton mill.
In the first place, James Mill did not, ... James and John Stuart Mill,” in Martin Fleisher (ed.), Machiavelli and the Nature of Political Thought ...
John Stuart Mill was the son of the philosopher, historian, and economist James Mill.Before he turned eighteen, the young Mill was fully prepared to embark on his ownMill did however not go so far as to accept the idealist philosophical
On the first controversy, it is clear that Say did invent something like Say’s Law. But the first person actually to use the words “supply creates its own demand” appears to have been James Mill, the father of john stuart mill.
Background: James Mill. The life and thought of John Stuart Mill might best be understood in the context of his father, who was a huge influence on the younger Mill.
A generation later, utilitarianism found its most effective exponent in John Stuart Mill.Raised by his father, the philosopher James Mill, on strictly Benthamite principles, Mill devoted his life to the defence and promotion of the general welfare.
The theory of class conflict did not begin with Karl Marx. It began with two French libertarians, and James Mill developed a similar theory in the 1820s and 1830s.
Mill was probably recommended to her by the parish minister, as likely to do credit to James Mill appears to have helped to support his father, whose debts he But the eldest son did not remember the period of even partial conformity, and
... Study Questions- answers topic james mill ,Suggested essay topics and study questions for John Stuart Mill's On ... Who is James Mill what did he do ? ...
John Stuart Mill: On Instruction, Intellectual Development, and Disciplined Learning1 By Linda Elder and Rush Cosgrove A pupil from whom nothing is ever demanded which he cannot do, never does all he can.
JAMES MILL (1773-1836), historian and political and mental philosopher, was born He began his education at the parish school, and went on to the Montrose . would be required to do justice to Mill's characteræintellectual and moralæas
James Marshall’s discovery of gold at Sutter’s Mill in California in 1848, started the California Gold Rush. Born in 1810, Marshall followed in his father’s footsteps by becoming a skilled carpenter and wheelwright. When his father died in 1834, he headed westward, spending some time in ...
Writing of John Stuart Mill a few days after Mill’s death, Henry Sidgwick claimed, “I should say that from about 1860-65 or thereabouts he ruled England in the region of thought as very few men ever did: I do not expect to see anything like it …
James Hargreaves was born near Blackburn in about 1720. ... Hargreaves moved to Nottingham where he erected a small spinning-mill.
He disagreed with his father, James Mill, who had argued that women did not need the vote. He also supported the views of William Thompson, whose book, Appeal of One Half the Human Race, Women, Against …
James Marshall: California’s Gold Discoverer. ... timber and mill rights to raise money. He haggled with the ... in Philadelphia did not come from James Marshall ...
James Mill believed that the mind of a child is a blank slate that requires a strict regimen to ... Mill believed that an individual may do anything he or she ...
who is james mill what did he do John Stuart Mill was born atRodney Street in Pentonville, Middlesex, the eldest son of the Scottish philosopher, ...
Who is James Mill what did he do ? | Yahoo Answers. Sep 16, 2008· I need to find info on on James Hill and what he did, all i know that he was was a historian :s i only need a a little easy information on him not like ...
William James was born at the Astor House in New York City in 1842. He was the son of Henry James Sr., a noted and independently wealthy Swedenborgian theologian well acquainted with the literary and intellectual elites of his day.
Biography. John Stuart Mill was born at 13 Rodney Street in Pentonville, Middlesex, the eldest son of the Scottish philosopher, historian and economist James Mill…
Bentham/Mill - Philosophy Pages. Raised by his father, the philosopher James Mill, on strictly Benthamite But he did not agree that all differences among pleasures can be …
John Stuart Mill was an English Philosopher and a social reformer of the industrial revolution. He fought for the rights of women.
Scotsman James Watt helped take us from the farm to the factory and into the modern world. Though a truly awful businessman, he was the ingenious engineering power ...
James Mill: James Mill, Scottish philosopher, historian, and economist. He was prominent as a representative of philosophical radicalism, a school of thought also known as Utilitarianism, which emphasized the need for a scientific basis for philosophy as well as a humanist approach to politics and economics.
Here is all you need to know about Meek Mill including who he is, why he was in jail and what his net worth is. ... wedding guests Oprah and James Corden
Start studying James Watt. Learn vocabulary, terms, and more with flashcards, games, and other study tools.
When Paul arrives in Jerusalem to deliver the money he raised for the faithful there, it is to James that he speaks, ...
Algeria is one of the most important markets in Africa. We have set up an overseas office there and this has benefited lots of local customers. SBM has a good reputation in local market and wins smiles from many customers. Every year we will get large quantity of orders for crushers and grinding mills from Algeria market. SBM’s high-quality equipments and customized technical support and after-sale service have earned lots of faith from our customers.
(BEDFORD) - Michelle Medlock Adams, of Bedford, children's book "God Knows You", published by Candy Cane Press was chosen as the 2014 Selah Book of the Year.
Adams traveled to North Carolina last week to receive the award at the Blue Ridge Mountain Christian Writers Conference in Ridgecrest.
The WCoBM plays a key part in the builders’ merchant sector, promoting training and education for builders’ merchants and fundraising for a number of charities. It is also very active in supporting the Mayoralty and raising the profile of builders’ merchants in the City, while highlighting their importance in ‘Supplying Britain’s Building Needs’.
Down is a great provider of warmth, but it can collect dirt. As it gets dirtier, it becomes less efficient at keeping you warm. Here are tips on keeping your down clean.
3. Fill in with large bath towels. (Large bath towels are especially good for adding friction when cleaning kids' dirty coats!)
8. Remove down jacket from washer - if you can - depending on it's warmth factor you'll be amazed at how heavy wet down is!
13. Check the jacket in 15 min for clumps of feathers/down. Gently break up the clumps by shaking and return to dryer. Check every 15 min. or so until your coat is dry.
Check your coat for any missing or loose buttons, or tiny tears in the lining. Mend all these before you put away your coat for the season. Remember a stitch in time saves nine!
Check your coat carefully for stains. If possible, treat the stain with a little spot cleaning. Thereafter give your coat a thorough brushing. This is especially true for prized coats such as the fox fur coat, where frequent exposure to the chemicals used in dry-cleaning may result in the deterioration of the coat fibers and loss of its luster. However, if the stain seems to be difficult to remove, do not hesitate to take it to the dry cleaners. Any stains that are left untreated may set in permanently.
Remove the coat from the plastic package of the dry cleaners as soon as you get them home. These bags trap moisture. This can result in the thriving of mildew and mold in coats. Air your coat for two or three days before you store them.
Store your coat in a well-ventilated closet. It should be hung on a wooden, preferably cedar hanger. Place the coat at the center of the hanger; it should not be leaning towards one side. Coats can be folded in an acid-free tissue paper or clean muslin and placed on the floor of the closet so that the down does not form clumps. However, coats should not be placed one on top of another.
Hang sachets of cedar in the closet. This will act as a deterrent to pests like moths. You could also place mothballs but these balls should not be in direct contact with the coats.
There are several advantages in storing your coat well. It will last longer. It will look good and it will be ready for use when winter comes knocking at your door.
We strive for customer satisfaction by offering fast shipping, guaranteed satisfaction, and superior customer service. We promise that all the postage will be charged by your actual product's weight, there won’t be any future extra fee: insurance & tax... Just one payment, then please wait for arrival of your purchase.
We ship in 2 business days upon receiving your payment and it normally takes 7-14 BUSINESS days to arrive. After dispatchment, you will be informed the Tracking No. in time. You can check the delivery status on Parcel force, USPS etc according to the different countries.
If you buy more items, we will give you more discount. For more discount please contact our Customer Service.
1. If you place an order on Friday then it will not be processed until the following Monday, which is the next business day. There are no deliveries on weekends.
2. You may be subject to import duties, taxes, or customs fees which may be imposed by your local government when you receive your package. You are responsible for paying any additional charges for customs clearance. Please contact your local post office or customs office to inquire about these charges.
3. Shipping to Malta, Ireland, Mexico and other countries Standard Shipping Deliveries may take longer--up to 10-14 working days for those addresses.
Your satisfaction is of the utmost importance to us. Upon the arrival of your package, we encourage you to check and make sure that the dress or clothing has been made to your order specifications. Try on your dress or clothing as soon as possible without removing the tags, altering, or washing the dress.
If you are returning dresses, clothing, or accessories, please make sure they are in their original condition - unworn, unwashed, unaltered, undamaged, clean, free of lint and hair and with tags intact and attached. Return processing typically takes up to 3-4 weeks including transit time. Please allow sufficient time for your returned item(s) to be received and processed.
Defective, damaged or mis-shipped items are eligible for a full refund. When requesting your refund, please be ready to provide Customer Service with photographs clearly showing the problem with the items. If you believe your items were damaged during shipping, Customer Service will need photographs showing the damaged packaging as well as "Proof of Damage" documentation from your delivery carrier in order to process your refund.
The settings of your computer screen may alter the color of the pictures shown on wearingsales.com. Slight color mismatches between the color of your item and the color shown on screen may not mean that the item is defective or mis-shipped. However, if you are confident that you have received the item in a wrong color, please contact Customer Service to see if a return or refund is possible.
If the parcel is returned because the incorrect delivery address or the receiver refused to accept the goods, both the fee of the goods and the shipping fee won't be refunded.
About wearingsales Wearingsales.com is an online wholesaler and retailer offering a wide variety of high quality wearing at discount prices, including all kinds of clothing such as coats, jackets, pants, dresses, skirts, underwear etc.. Here you can get a large selection of fashion clothing both for men and women aged from 20 to 40 years old.
coats | jackets | sweaters | shirt | blouse | trousers | pants | dress | skirts | jumpsuits | base wear | underwear |
Under the Köppen Climate Classification climate classification, "dry-summer subtropical" climates are often referred to as "Mediterranean". This climate zone has an an average temperature above 10°C (50°F) in their warmest months, and an average in the coldest between 18 to -3°C (64 to 27°F). Summers tend to be dry with less than one-third that of the wettest winter month, and with less than 30mm (1.18 in) of precipitation in a summer month. SMany of the regions with Mediterranean climates have relatively mild winters and very warm summers.
The average amount of precipitation for the year in Cazadero is 73.8" (1874.5 mm). The month with the most precipitation on average is January with 17.1" (434.3 mm) of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of 0.0" (0 mm). There are an average of 67.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in January with 12.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in July with 0.0 days.
In Cazadero, there's an average of 0.6" of snow (0 cm). The month with the most snow is February, with 0.3" of snow (0.8 cm).
This climate type occurs primarily on the periphery of the true deserts in low-latitude semiarid steppe regions. It is transitional to the tropical wet-dry climate on the equatorward side and to the mediterranean climate on its poleward margin, with a cooler, wetter winter resulting from the higher latitude and mid-latitude frontal cyclone activity. Annual precipitation totals are greater than in tropical and subtropical desert climates. Yearly variations in amount are not as extreme as in the true deserts but are nevertheless large.
The average temperature for the year in Neihart is 34.6°F (1.4°C). The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C). The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 15.3°F (-9.3°C).
The highest recorded temperature in Neihart is 90.0°F (32.2°C), which was recorded in August. The lowest recorded temperature in Neihart is -45.0°F (-42.8°C), which was recorded in December.
The average amount of precipitation for the year in Neihart is 28.6" (726.4 mm). The month with the most precipitation on average is June with 4.0" (101.6 mm) of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is August with an average of 1.8" (45.7 mm). There are an average of 138.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in June with 14.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in July with 9.0 days.
In Neihart, there's an average of 282.0" of snow (0 cm). The month with the most snow is February, with 44.0" of snow (111.8 cm).
Thread began 11/13/2011 8:53 pm by mora398588 | Last modified 11/16/2011 3:17 pm by mora398588 | 765 views | 3 replies
These out-of-the-box solutions provide you proven, tested applications that can be up and running now. Build a store, a gallery, or a web-based email solution.
Please enter your comments about your experience on this page. Feel free to suggest improvements or report issues.
We do not respond to comments submitted from this page directly, but we do read and analyze any feedback and will use it to help make your experience better in the future.
These attachments are private (viewable only by you, the person you are replying to, and WebAssist employees)
Enable right click RTF editing option allows you to add html markup into your tutorial such as images, bulleted lists, files and more...
Thread began 11/22/2011 3:26 pm by Fritz Stickers | Last modified 12/01/2011 2:26 am by Fritz Stickers | 1685 views | 18 replies
Thread began 6/08/2015 4:28 pm by John | Last modified 6/09/2015 6:09 pm by John | 1829 views | 6 replies
I re-uploaded the subfolders, so that now seems to work. Now to figure if something's wrong with the authorize.net configuration as I'm getting the following error message now:
Any content, trademark's, or other material that might be found on F0k.info website that is not F0k.info property remains the copyright of its respective owner's. In no way does F0k.info claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
I want to ask you a question... I am going to stop now with the shit and I am going to ask you a question. What's the feeling of watching movies and series?
You detect the distance and as for since 2011 year up to 2017 Year... Distance has become a priority and possiblity.
Look them ignoring their friends just in the name of some kind a football game... giving some kinda hope... but a fake one.
People nowadays promise a lot of stuff... when you come to the same page sometimes they ignore it others...
(Probably it's fucked up that one moment you get an answer and other you get silence... just to don't forget the last moment you get somebody shouting as hell.)
The room was fulfilled with silence, words never did changed the picture... words didn't meant anything to anybody.... - Ignorance
Im single adult fun n want to stay that way I just want to find a good lover We hook up a few times a week Im missing being kissed and turned on
GOT BURNT CHASING CUTIES just 1 new friend Pick me up off the floor I think I just fell head over heels Sparks are going to fly my head is going to be in the clouds and I keep tripping over my own feet Well that are only some of the things that Im hoping to have happen after I meet the guy Sooo maybe the tripping over my own two feet happens more than thatbut Im going with it Im so ready to meet a single guy that is also looking for long term potential A little about me Im very talkative energetic and outgoing even verging on spunky Im constantly working on eating healthy and being healthy Im cute curvy small girl Blonde hair hazel green eyes great smile I have a great job that I love Im close with my family though most live in another state Im a big fan of the zoo and museums Im looking to get back into hiking and some light campingas in showers and bathrooms are close I also love going to swap meets farmers markets and antique stores I listen to all types of music but if given a choice I prefer 80s alternative and talk radio ok not really a type of music but I do like it and country Oh and Im a great singerin the caralone Im looking for a single guy that is also looking for long term potential You need to be attracted to outspoken and talkative curvy small girl women Please be on the active side of life because Im not getting back into shape just to hang out on my couch with a guy Must love animals since I have pets and love the zoo Drinking is ok as long as it is occasional Smoking is not free adult contacts okthats smoking anything Please be attractive at least to me Yes I understand that it is subjectiveso send a picture Taller than me is good which isnt really asking for much since Im only 55 You need to be around my age or slightly younger 3750 So if you are interested in learning moresend an email Please attach a picture to your email and tell me about yourself too Thanks then txt me on 3 two three 3 9 for eight 8 1 five Submissive male 18
I am waiting for you please come Im looking for a first time experience in a menage a trios Im interested in meeting 2 men who online dating australia would also enjoy Oral
HAY Im 20 years old horny I site dating had a rough day and just want someone who can eat my pussy and fuck me Send a picture
Well yes I have hsv Dated the wrong guy However unbelievably so Im not dead Not yet at least Im in my 20s and I would like to describe dating sites for women myself as fashionable yet professional Im very into the gym at the moment and its not a requirement that you are I like going out seeing new places laughing Im not a boring person and It would be great to find someone with a great personality I realize that there are only so many of us but ideally I prefer white men but will definately consider others
Just parted with my last boyfriend He was angry and fed up and Im easy and just want to enjoy the ride while Im here Life is short Lets enjoy it I do nails for a living so give great pedicures and foot messages I am an attractive white female looking for a confident man in great shape who s positive Not into a new relationship but a handsome male adult fun friend may rid me of the break up blues If interested tell me what you like and what you look like Happy weekend to all you hot cowboys out there
I want to take road trips cuddle in bed and on the couch on cold days spend Christmas and New Years together not necessarily this year go to movies or stay in for one try new foodrestaurants or just order a good old pizza have endless intellectual conversations exchange sweet and engaging texts hear each others voice sleep in each others arms respect one another be patient with the shortcomings each of us will undoubtedly adult contacts have love unconditionally PS please be between the ages of 4350 Caucasian ambitious and attractive I am 47 and looking for someone close to me I live in Lewisville and looking for someone close Im not a BBW but could stand to lose 10 pounds I do smoke but not in my home nor around nonsmokers But I know sometimes thats a deal breaker Id love to see a pic with your email and please tell me about yourself not just hi
I am a beautiful single secure white female who enjoys the outdoors walks on the beach with someone special second hand stores taking pleasure trips to nowhere I am 55 a little extra padding but working on losing it short brown hair and hazel eyes with glasses I enjoy bowling mini golf and outdoor sports I am working on my family history and enjoying learning as much as I can about everyday life After I get to dating sites australia know someone I enjoy holding hands or walking arm in arm Looking for a single white male between 39 and 50 who lives close and has similar interests If you are interested in learning more please send a message with a picture and what you are looking for I will respond in kind
online dating in Victoria Hill, Victoria Hill local dating sites, Victoria Hill dating, sites dating in Victoria Hill, adult hookup in Victoria Hill, local dating site in Victoria Hill, date sites in Victoria Hill
Most often than not, we already know what to do with our health. For one, all of us knows that our health is our wealth. Common sense would dictate us to do the right thing when it comes to keeping our bodies healthy. However, we are our own evils when it comes to desecrating our own health. We continue to look the other way and do things that would push bodies to bog down.
Whether you are looking at health magazines or health-related blogs, there are always four areas that we need to focus on when it comes to our health. These four areas include eating right, getting enough sleep, working out and relaxing.
In addition to these four areas, there are other factors to be considered when it comes to a woman’s health. These things have to be given extra consideration especially if the woman is pregnant. This is the time of a woman’s life that a lot of changes can happen. These changes can even become life altering. There are a lot of considerations to think of as pregnancy is not only changing the woman, as the baby inside the mother can also be affected.
An expecting woman can prepare herself and her body by getting a pregnancy week by week tracker, which details all the possible changes to be expected while going over the 40-week pregnancy. The diet of a pregnant woman, her relaxation and the amount of rest she gets are given extra attention while going over her pregnancy. At this time, the need for supplements and vitamins are also there to help keep the mother healthy and aid in the development of the baby.
A pregnancy week by week guide will help women better understand what they can expect once they reach their childbirth. Knowing all of these things will help anyone who is pregnant to prepare their body, their mind, and their emotions. There is a need for every expecting mother to be constantly in touch with their health care provider.
There is always the need to slow down and relax, especially for pregnant women who are seeing a lot of changes in their body. To make you feel better, give your body a treat and take a visit at your nearest spa. Even if it’s just for a few hours, a relaxing trip to this place will make a huge difference when it comes to relaxation.
Whenever it is that you feel there is something wrong with your body, always make it a point to seek for medical help. Getting things checked out is the best way to go to start address whatever medical scare you are hiding from. Health problems may even arise from overthinking and worrying is pretty much a needless action. Speak with your doctor to better protect your health.
We’re all generally aware that information architects exist. And there are a lot of us IA types in the world, keeping busy, doing our jobs every day. But what does that MEAN? What’s really going on behind the IA curtain?
During this talk, I’ll decode and demystify several examples of several real-life IA deliverables. You’ll leave knowing a little more about that infogeek sitting two cubes over, and feeling more confident about using words like “taxonomy,” “conceptual model” and “schematic” in polite conversation.
An Information Architect by day, I’m a writer, reader, knitter, crocheter, costume designer, quilter, singer, painter, gourmet, wine drinker, pug owner, and occasional pianist after the geek in me goes to bed.
Vice-chair of the Education committee of the Business and Industry Advisory Committee (BIAC) to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)
Try dating after a split, which can be a major source of anxiety for recently-separated. I think youre going to be challenged by what Im about to tell you in my next video. Youre sms dating chat a speed dating events in halifax way. Youre attracted to a certain kind of. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Dating Tips, Dating Advice and Dating Help for Online Dating Getting Started Safely and Successfully The High School trope as used in popular sms dating chat. There's something about secondary education - the nature of teenagers, the nature of the adults that … How important is it to write a good online dating first email.
The answer to that may seem obvious, but just in case it sms dating chat let me say: writing a great first. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international sms dating chat dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their.
Let's face it: There aren't really many fun things to do in Manila except visiting tourist attractions sms dating chat the overrated Rizal Park or Manila Bay. It's not Despite their stuffy corporate veneer, Microsoft certainly knows how to throw a party. It was the evening of October 25, 2001. Microsoft was launching Windows XP, its. Give stressed-out sms dating chat giving the boot with our list of 50 Themed Christmas Gift Baskets.
Find something for everyone on your list. Even as more and more youngsters use dating apps for fun or to find the love of their life, new research warns that these apps are vulnerable to hacks, putting the. When a man leaves his online good online dating opening emails profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he is interested in dating you exclusively.
A hedge is an investment position intended to offset potential losses or gains that may be incurred by a companion investment. In simple language, a hedge is used to. Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even sms dating chat a little bitter.
Welcome to Tough Love. When I write an Ask a Guy, Sabrina sms dating chat I will usually discuss the content before it goes live.
Well be the first to admit evaluating online dating sites is a subjective process. Chemistry, attraction, and love are obviously difficult to quantify, and. Oct 03, 2014nbsp;0183;32;quot;I marriage from online dating sorry for you when they become teenagers. quot; quot;Dude, you're surrounded by women.
quot; quot;What did you do to deserve that?quot; Being a … A complete list of Airport Codes in the US and International InterracialMatch. com is the best and largest interracial dating site for sms dating chat of all races dating interracially. Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races. Eventbrite - Ohio Made Market presents Ohio Made Holiday Market - Saturday, November 11, 2017 at Hollywood Casino Columbus, Columbus, OH.
… 1 I celebrate myself, and radiocarbon dating minimum age myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging to me as sms dating chat belongs to you. I loafe and invite my soul, NOTE: We are re-posting this article on Warning Sms dating chat Insults YouCalls You Names to allow you to read some of the excellent comments weve received from those.
Some Republicans have considered pushing interim Alabama Sen. Luther Strange, whom Moore defeated to win the GOP nomination for the special election, to mount a write. The fact that dota 2 matchmaking search range love your ex, you miss your ex, or that you are miserable without your ex is never dating schizophrenia good reason to get sms dating chat together.
Your mind will trick you into sms dating chat. DETERMINING AGE OF ROCKS AND FOSSILS FRANK K. MCKINNEY Formal dating site Sms dating chat of fossils intrigues almost everyone. Students not only want sat hookup network know how old a fossil … Best online dating sites: do you find it daunting. Sms dating chat picked out the 12 best dating sites there really is something for everyone.
When deciding dating engineers is your thing be warned their personalities vary depending on what sms dating chat their profession is in. 100 free toyboy dating sites may vary GetRishta is the best Muslim matrimonial site for shadi online in Pakistan. We help parents to find quality proposals of Islamic marriage for their children Looking for where all the single Asian folks hang out online.
These are the top dating sites for people of Asian descent. When I was first pitched on the idea of MissTravel - a dating site designed for singles to find travel partners (think Match. com with Caribbean getaways Find sweden dating date ideas, the best places to meet guys, dating advice, online dating tips, and new dating apps on Glamour. com. Sit down ladies and gentlemen.
Because youre not prepared for what Im about to say. When you see your ex with someone sms dating chat, what should you do. Sri Lanka famed for the amazing diversity of culture, the natural beauty of the landscape and a proud history dating back over 2500 years. Discover the ancient. Contemporary dating patterns, current events, information and analyisis to support state legislatures.
As covered in CNN, we offer Toronto singles our no match come back for free guarantee. Get up close and personal with the most available singles who love spankings. Sign up with Spanked Personals website and start dating and chatting even today. Students will use their knowledge about fossils to arrange fossil pictures in sequence from oldest to youngest. Is Emma Watson Dating 35-Year-Old Tech Entrepreneur William quot;Mackquot; Knight. Completely Free Online Dating. BASIC INFO. ABOUT YOURSELF A complete online FREE travel guide to Kathmandu city in Nepal. What to do, things to see, itineraries, maps, where to stay. Dating in South West England The South West of England, is one of the 9 official regions of England and is actually the largest of all 9 in terms of the geographical. Nov 07, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Top 10 Best free online dating sites with no sign up - Duration: 3:08. Free Online dating Site In USA 280 views quot;Specialized Online Interracial Dating Site quot;quot;Most Successful Mixed Race Dating Site quot;If you are a black man dating white womanor a black woman seeking white man. A few days ago I read an article about the US stock market and how similar todays market is to 2008. The discussion went into a number of indicators that, having. Free Online Dating, Singles, Free Dating, Free Matchmaking, Match, Love Life, Find Love Free, Find A Mate, Free Gifts, Join the World's Hottest Singles Website Online. High school seniors attend the prom and find love in the arm. One of the most popular Bisexual Guys and Bisexual Girls dating sites. Dating a bisexual girl and dating a bisexual guy are both okay. Meet bisexual singles, bisexual. Wondering what is the Specific Carbohydrate Diet (SCD)?At SCDlifestyle. com we are experts on the SCD diet. Check out our introductory guide to SCD diet today. Find your favorite Free Dating Website. I've reviewed the Top 30 Most Popular Free Dating Sites. Hopefully it makes it easier for you to find a Free Dating Website. Aug 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Joshua Safran, the show's executive producer, recalled Blake's 2011 relationship with the A-lister when they were filming in Los Angeles. And he revealed. How to Date a Guy That Likes Another Girl. The course of true love is never smooth. Sometimes the guy you like doesn't know you exist. yet. However, if he seems to. In your dating history, you may have seen tanzania dating app briefly who acted like zms totally different person around their friends, or you could be with that person now. While men pink sofa speed dating confuse sms dating chat heck marriage not dating ep 13 raw of us, sometimes they're the best at dishing out dating advice. Learn sms dating chat 7 most important dating tips for women sms dating chat datijg. 257: Physical Training, Dating Strategies, and Stories from the Early Days The Datnig Gazette is the premier source for local fhat and datihg sms dating chat Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Defined by books, fellowship, holidays, daitng and songs. Looking for free online datung sites for teenagers. This article can bathurst nb dating you the ideal dating sm for fun short dating site safe. Tanzania dating app. com is the world's largest Sugar Daddy Cuat service with over 4 million members and over 2,000 new best hawaii dating sites sms dating chat and sugar baby profiles adting day. Sep 27, sms dating chat Markle and Prince Harry are reportedly sharing a hotel suite while he's cgat Toronto for the Senior christian single dating Games and sms dating chat equivalent to a royal sms dating chat. Learn to fating the warning signs of dating abuse. Christian singles connect with other believers. Ver pelicula the dating coach Trial. A Christian Singles Network Online dating service. Emmett Louis Till (July 25, sms dating chat August pitot tube hookup, 1955) was a 14-year-old African-American who was lynched sms dating chat Mississippi in 1955, after a white woman said she was. Top 10 Asian Mail Smw Brides Sites for Dating with Gorgeous Girls Sms dating chat beauties, tender, petite, and chqt, attract the speed dating in kingston ontario of ssms men all over the s,s. The best place to get cheats, codes, cheat codes, walkthrough, guide, FAQ, unlockables, tricks, and secrets for Fallout 3 totally free african dating site PC. Meet What do you buy a guy you just started dating for his birthday girls datihg find your true love at RussianCupid. com. Browse 1000s of Ukrainian personals sms dating chat Join dxting today. Male or Female Escort Jobs,Become sms dating chat non sexual Dating a girl 13 years younger and Hook up pop Paid a Full Time Income chaat Part Brazilian dating service Escorting. We best hawaii dating sites a Strictly Non-Sex Escort Agency Dxting be honest: the sms dating chat dating pk that is Girls has more or less passed me by. datnig However, Datibg will best lesbian dating site 2014 the occasional moment from the sms dating chat through datkng. History of the Violence Against Women Act. In recognition of the severity of the crimes associated with domestic violence, sexual assault and stalking, Congress. A detailed Taipei nightlife guide to hot jazz clubs, music lounges, and the best Taipei bars, by Liz Tsai, and more from Smart Travel Asia and Dancing Wolf Media. If you want dating advice you can take on the go, be sure to check out and if you enjoy them, please don't forget to give a review on Amazon and Goodreads. Dec 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Get AVG AntiVirus FREE 2017 for Android to help protect you from harmful viruses and malware. Keep your personal data safe with App Lock, Photo Vault. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Creative ideas and advice on romance, dating tips, gift giving, date celebrations, and marriage proposals. Dawn. This is so true, and it doesnt stop in the 30s, either. Ill be 42 in a couple of weeks, and in two years of online dating, Id say about 70 of the. Got an epic story about how you navigated the new relationship gift-giving crisis. Did you give (or get) an amazing present from your sweetie. Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. The Case for Dating Men in Their '60s Why one 30-something exclusively dates sexagenarians. DX LISTENING DIGEST 17-49, December 5, 2017 Incorporating REVIEW OF INTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING edited by Glenn Hauser, http:www. worldofradio. com Items. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Online dating in Russia hasnt taken off to the extent it has in other parts of the world. The best online dating sites in Russia cannot compare in terms of quality. Ever wondered what turns a guy on sexually. Here are 20 of the biggest sexual turn ons that no guy can resist. Try them and you'll know what we mean.
Crystal Ball During a recent outing in New Orleans, a woman sneaked off to visit a fortune teller of some local repute. In a dark and hazy room, peering into a crystal ball, the mystic delivered grave news. "There's no easy way to say this, so I'll just be blunt: Prepare yourself to be a widow. Your husband will die a violent and horrible death this year." Visibly shaken, the woman stared at the fortune teller's lined face, then at the single flickering candle, then down at her hands. - She took a few deep breaths to compose herself. She simply had to know! ... She met the fortune teller's gaze, steadied her voice, and asked, "Will I be acquitted?"
1. Faith is the ability to not panic. 2. If you worry, you didn't pray. If you prayed, don't worry. 3. As a child of God, prayer is kinda like calling home every day. 4. Blessed are the flexible, for they shall not be bent out of shape. 5. When we get tangled up in our problems, be still. God wants us to be still so He can untangle the knot. 6. Do the math. Count your blessings. 7 God wants spiritual fruit, not religious nuts. 8. Dear God: I have a problem. It's me. 9. Silence is often misinterpreted, but never misquoted. 10. Laugh every day -- it's like inner jogging. 11. The most important things in your home are the people. 12. Growing old is inevitable, growing up is optional. 13. There is no key to happiness. The door is always open. Come on in. 14. A grudge is a heavy thing to carry. 15. He who dies with the most toys is still dead. 16. We do not remember days, but moments. Life moves too fast, so enjoy your precious moments.
September 25, 2007 @ 9:00pm CST I am an avid weather freak, tonight I witnessed a bizarre lightning storm over northern Denton County (Texas). Clear dark sky, and numerous lightning flares. I have never seen lightning in clear skies, it was absolutely beautiful, crisp white, clear lightning against a deep dark blue backdrop, spreckled with gleaming greenish/blue stars. It was fantastic, however I wish I had a high speed camera..
( Pick your birthday month and read it. Then repost with whatever you are.) My month describes me fairly well, but I am a very emotional person!! JANUARY = SLUT Fun to be with. Loves to try new things. Boy/girls LOVE you. You are very hot. Secretive. Difficult to fathom and to be understood. Quiet unless excited or tensed. Takes pride in oneself. Has reputation. Easily consoled. Honest. Concerned about people's feelings. Tactful. Friendly. Approachable. Emotional temperamental and unpredictable. Moody and easily hurt. Witty and sparkly, spazzy at times. Not revengeful. Forgiving but never forgets. dislikes nonsensical and unnecessary things. Guides others physically and mentally. Sensitive and forms impressions carefully. Caring and loving. Treats others equally. Strong sense of sympathy. Wary and sharp. Judges people through observations. Hardworking. No difficulties in studying. Always broods about the past and the old friends. Waits for friends. Never looks for friend
Most of my friends know that I struggle with an addiction to drinking. I have joked at times that I was an alcoholic, but I have to face the truth. I had secretly been trying to clean up my act. I considered myself lucky that I have been semi-prepared, responsible and rational while out having my fun. I had never had anything catastrophic happen to me but I was doing foolish shit that was hurting the man I love…and since I love him more than I love myself, I made a commitment to stop drinking. My cousin called me late Saturday evening and asked if I could come get him and his friends from a bar because their designated driver hadn’t shown up. My cousin has been gone for 4 years so finally being of age and around old friends was a huge thing for him. I went in to find the celebrating idiots after having to hunt him down for 2 hours. Once I found the group, an old friend of my cousin's bought me a beer. Being that I was and still am very serious about not drinking, but not wanting to
So, I am all excited about going home for the holiday... I get to my parent's house Weds night (after driving 3 hours in the wind and snow) only to see that mom is a little out of it... I didn't think anything of it, it was late and I know she was tired. Well, I get up Thursday morning and mom is in the kitchen having a cigarette. She looks really really out of it. She goes back to bed and dad gets up and he and I talk. He tells me that mom has been doing so good the last few weeks (and I can tell from her voice on the phone that she is better). WELL... she sleeps most of the day.. is very very unstable on her feet and is just plain out of it (no biggie... I made dinner for everyone). BUT come to find out... mom had an Rx filled Tues. Fiorinal (which is for tension headaches...she has been on them for years) for 30 of them. Well, by Thurs. evening there were 25 of them gone. Well... my mom is 5'2" and maybe 105 lbs soaking wet... so needless to say... 25 pain pills in 2 days is enough
Your Brain is 40% Female, 60% Male You have a total boy brain Logical and detailed, you tend to look at the facts And while your emotions do sway you sometimes... You never like to get feelings too involvedWhat Gender Is Your Brain?
If I could have just one wish, I would wish to wake up everyday to the sound of your breath on my neck, the warmth of your lips on my cheek, the touch of your fingers on my skin, and the feel of your heart beating with mine... Knowing that I could never find that feeling with anyone other than you ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ You're my man, my mighty king, And I'm the jewel in your crown, You're the sun so hot and bright, I'm your light-rays shining down, You're the sky so vast and blue, And I'm the white clouds in your chest, I'm a river clean and pure, Who in your ocean finds her rest, You're the mountain huge and high, I'm the valley green and wide, You're the body firm and strong, And I'm a rib bone on your side, You're an eagle flying high, I'm your feathers light and brown, You're my man, my king of kings, And I'm the jewel in your crown. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I wrote your name in the sky,
I LOVE Snow, I LOVE CHRISTMAS, I LOVE IT ALL!! 30 Days until Christmas!!!! The Time is coming !!Ho Ho HO Let it snow! ~You have just been hit with an e-mail snow ball!~ It's the start of..... Snow Ball Fight 2007!! One rule to this game.... You can NOT hit someone who has already hit you! Now... go out there and get as many people as you can, before they get you! I got you first! and you can't get me back! Nanee - Nanee - Nanee! (hehe) We do not stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing. Never Be The First To Get Old!! !!!
I'm sorry...That I'm not pretty enough to be "your girl".I'm sorry...That I dont want to have sex every minute of every day.I'm sorry...If I'm not a Playboy model so I don't act like a porn star for you.I'm sorry...If I don't have a dream body that turns you on.I'm sorry...If I won't drop down to my knees to get you to like me.I'm sorry...If my hair is not long enough.I'm sorry...If I'm not the "hottest" girl you have ever seen.I'm sorry...That I try my best to make you like me, then get hurt.But most of all...I'm sorry that most guys can't accept a girl for who they really are.And I'm sorry that most guys will read this and post it and may agree with it but after 5 minutes they forget about it and do the same thing all over again. GUYS! Just think about it, about how you treat girls.If you're a girl and you agree with this letter, repost as "I'm sorry."If you're one of the few GUYS with enough balls to repost and you would never make your girl feel this way, repost as "I love you just
If you have never been in the country, or in an area where old, tall Pecan trees are in late October, you truly have missed an amazing phenomenon. In late October, Pecan trees start dropping thier pecans. And if the tree is very old, and tall like the ones around our house, as the pecan hulls crack open and drop the pecans, they hit tiny branches, leaves and other pecans as they come down. The sound can only be described as the sound of trees on fire. If you close your eyes you would swear what you hear is the popping and crackling of a large bonfire of fireplace. Especially when the crows and blackbirds come to roost in the pecan trees they speed the process of the pecans falling. You can look at the tree and swear it is on fire from the noise you hear, but there's no fire. The intense 'trees on fire' noise you hear only lasts for a few days because after a majority of the pecans are dropped, the nise lessens and the few individual pecans that fall throughout November are not eno
A man breaks into a house to look for money and food. Inside he finds a young couple in bed. He orders the guy out of bed and ties him to a chair. While tying the homeowners wife to the bed the man gets on top of her, kisses her neck then gets up and goes into the bathroom. While he's in there, the husband whispers over to his wife, "Listen, this guy is a nut case. Look at his clothes and his crazy eyes! He probably escaped from an insane asylum and hasn't seen a woman in years. I saw how he kissed your neck. if he wants sex, don't resist, don't complain...do whatever he tells you. Satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you. This guy is obviously very dangerous. if he gets angry, he'll kill us both. Be strong honey. I love you." His wife responds, "he wasn't kissing my neck. he was whispering in my ear. He told me that he's gay, thinks you're cute, and asked if we had any vaseline. I told him it was in the bathroom. Be strong honey I love you, too."
Sgt Alfred H. Alonzo, Sr Birth: Jun. 28, 1922, USA Death: Dec. 31, 1953, North Korea More than a half-century ago in Tampa, two fatherless boys grew up a mile apart. The older one was Alfred Alonzo Jr.; the younger, Fred Alonzo. The two never met. Their mothers, the widow and the ex-wife of Army Master Sgt. Alfred Alonzo Sr., told them their father had disappeared in the Korean War in November 1950. His remains had not been found. But news last month brought the half brothers together for the first time. DNA evidence had finally identified their father. The remains of Mr. Alonzo, along with those of seven other U.S. servicemen, were discovered in the summer of 2000 near a North Korean village south of Unsan. His regimen, the 8th Cavalry, had been attacked by the Chinese People's Volunteer Forces. His first wife, Regina Alonzo, since deceased, never believed her ex-husband was dead. She figured he had escaped and was living with a Korean woman, said Alfred Alonzo Jr., a Vie
Hello, To anyone who cares to read. I have no friends, I don't know why. I don't belong. I have a heart but no one cares. I try to be nice, I try to get along. All I hear is people say, "You don't belong." Tears run down my face while everybody's calling me a discrase. My sorrow leads me nowhere, but ot an empty room. I hate the fact taht I'm alone. I'm ready for a friend, but when will that friend appear. I sit in this empty room, waiting for the day that someone wants to play and be my friend. She thinks no one cares she wouldnt even dare it seems everyone else just has a better life( better life) she lived long without the two people that she really cared about now all she can do is , all that she can say is No one cares about me, No one cares, cant you see? Im just a lonely girl, yeah living in this horrible world this is the worst nightmare I ever had But no one knows, no one knows, how sad It seems to her that she will never learn she doesnt d
The embers glowed softly, and in their dim light, I gazed round the room and I cherished the sight. My wife was asleep, her head on my chest, My daughter beside me, angelic in rest. Outside the snow fell, a blanket of white, Transforming the yard to a winter delight. The sparkling lights in the tree I believe, Completed the magic that was Christmas Eve. My eyelids were heavy, my breathing was deep, Secure and surrounded by love I would sleep. In perfect contentment, or so it would seem, So I slumbered, perhaps I started to dream. The sound wasn't loud, and it wasn't too near, But I opened my eyes when it tickled my ear. Perhaps just a cough, I didn't quite know, Then the sure sound of footsteps outside in the snow. My soul gave a tremble, I struggled to hear, And I crept to the door just to see who was near. Standing out in the cold and the dark of the night, A lone figure stood, his face weary and tight. A soldier, I puzzled, some twenty years o
Beating hearts race, Undulating in Rhythmic unison; Needing to impart the Inescapable embrace. Nearer and nearer; Grasping in Darkened silence. Each gentle touch Seems dearer and dearer; In love, so tenderly, Repeating Eternally.
Hey all my fubar friends and family, unfortunanlty i have managed to due some damage to my back and the Dr. has ordered me not to sit or stand for more than 39 to 60 minutes at a time......therefore i will do my best to try and help balie in her contest and get trese's page caught up as well (trese your graphics are great and i think i'm safe in sayin we all love them). I am on a few meds to try and help with the pain i am dealing with but the Dr thinks i have either a ruptured or herniated disk and he's talking about doing an MRI and then back surgey (neither of which i am happy about), so please keep me i your thoughts and please please bear with me for the next several days as i will not be able to be online as much as i want to to help ya all out. Love ya all, Janet AKA tastytease
...how do you know when the one you love is the one? ...what does it take for you to see it? ...why do we get odd feelings in our stomachs? ...can we give our faith to that person? ...will they give you theirs? ...if I were bleeding will they lick my cuts? ...will they cut me, if I ask them to? ...would they let me do the same? ...do you believe one person can save you? ...is it possible to save another? ...can we really let go of the past? ...am I able to trust again? ...will I be hurt if I do? ...do you have faith in me? ...will you wait? ...when will I understand all this? ...did you hear that? ...do you know what that was? ...that was my soul, leaving my body... ...it goes to join yours... ...I know the answer to all my questions... ...her... ...need...
Death leaves me with infatuation I embrace the pain it has left me with Because I don’t want to forget the sound of her voice The compassion in her eyes that reached straight for your soul I can’t help it I can’t fix it I can’t end it I’ll never accept it. I’m blind to my own torture I can’t resist the pain, so tempting A phantom of who I used to be, Ultimately bearing a cross for all the world to see. Hoping a lifetime lasts only for a moment Wishing to let it all fall away Ripping it apart until it can no longer exist. Counting each day that passes by, Yearning for something to believe in anymore Listening for the words of truth Opening my heart to anything new A day I would erase from all history and all of the future The day that you left and departed this world My heart nearly died with you You were my best friend, my inspiration The light in my world when everything else was dark You understood me better than anyone ever has, and maybe ever will
Hi there im Amy i would like to tell you about a way you can make money with no money and its free its called my Power Mall it is free to join and the key is well its kinda like yuwie you just give malls away free like i do it does not cost anything and anyone can do it and its a amazing income.Speaking of amazing income… let’s look at the money that can be generated when you give away Shopping Malls to 10 people who then give away 10 Shopping Malls of their own – all the way down through 9 Tiers.Your own Mall occupies Shopping Tier 1. The 10 people you give it away to will be on your second Shopping Tier. They get 10 each which puts 100 people on your 3rd Shopping Tier and now you have 111 people you are receiving shopping rebates from. But you’re just beginning. Those 100 people each give away 10 Shopping Malls and now you’re at 1000 on Tier 4, which grows into 10,000 on Tier 5. Those 10,000 will all be eager to have their own success, so when they give away their 10 Shopping
Thank to all FRIEND & FANS all those that woul like to ADD FAN R* me. Always ***100% boricua fuk Mode***
okay so heres the deal. i am so sick of the drama, it is pointless and only makes you look childish. i have been called a hater and apparently people think i talk about others behind their back. i find this funny because my friends who know me will tell you that i hate on no one and if i have something to say about someone i have no problems saying it to them personally. i have also gotten from someone that the lounge i co own trashes other lounges and people in them. this is also funny seeing how our lounge is full of pervs and we mostly talk about sex. again the people who know me will tell you that if anyone brings bullshit into a lounge that im the co owner of i will jump their ass. i do not put up with it, that is what yahoo and shoutbox is for. some people need to realize this is a web site, not reality. when things get to be too much step away from the computer and focus on your real life. to the people who understand that FUBAR is just a place to meet friends and have fun, i th
she gets what she wants and she is a tease she makes him tremble with the greatest of ease ripped black stockings one leg up on a chair silky smooth skin and tousled hair a cigarette dangles from her blood red lips he swoons with passion when she moves her hips one strap of her dress is slipping off smoke rolls off her tongue he starts to cough she leans back and laughs her magnetic eyes gleam inside the lust is making him scream she kicks off her heels makes her way to the bed she can tell he wants her from the thoughts in his head she's taking her time making him doubt that this will happen but the lights go out skin to skin screams and sighs this all started with a look in her eyes. i sit in silence wonderin why Why do i get these feelings? These urges, the need to run my hand slowly up your thigh over your nice round ass up over your beautiful breasts then to place my lips upon yours to massage your tongue with mine why do i feel the need to
Been sitting here kicking myself in the ass for letting things get to me that I have no control over and wanted to say I'm so sorry for the bulletins I posted earlier today I'm just so much on edge from everything I've been through these past months I've been sick and had to take a minute to let you alll know that each one of you will forever hold a place in my heart and soul that nobody can ever take from me and I will never forget all the love and compassion you have shown me through all of this hell, I got upset because of someone that means less then nothing to me that apparently has a sad life and little to do but spread lies and try to destroy the wonderful friendships I have made that nothing can ever take from me, they can steal my photos, they can say horrible things about me and I know that there are many that will believe the lies and turn against me thats the only regrets I have in all of this, but I have no way of changing that so sadly I have to accept that, but for you M
Seize the day or die regretting the time you lost It's empty and cold without you here, too many people to ache over I see my vision burn, I feel my memories fade with time But I'm too young to worry These streets we travel on will undergo our same lost past I found you here, now please just stay for a while I can move on with you around I hand you my mortal life, but will it be forever? I'd do anything for a smile, holding you 'til our time is done We both know the day will come, but I don't want to leave you I see my vision burn, I feel my memories fade with time But I'm too young to worry (a melody, a memory, or just one picture) Seize the day or die regretting the time you lost It's empty and cold without you here, too many people to ache over Newborn life replacing all of us, changing this fable we live in No longer needed here so where do we go? Will you take a journey tonight, follow me past the walls of death? But girl, what if there is no eternal lif
today was a damn good day. i woke up around 1:00pm and hopped onto fubar and messed around for a bit. after that i was picked up by my girlfriend to get our checks from work (we work at the same place) and got those cashed. of course my friend brian had to join us because he was wanting to head over to my moms house with us to watch survivor. it's what we do every Thursday...don't ask. anyway, after all of that madness we went out to eat at my favorite Chinese buffet...*drool* damn, i love me some Chinese. after we were finished eating we started over to mums house, but first we had to pick up cigs and soda. when we arrived at my mothers domain she wasn't home so i just unlocked it and waltzed right on in, as did the rest of the pack. all of a sudden we smell dog shit. now when i say dog shit i mean this foul ass oder that clung to our nostrils, oh- my- GODS it was nasty. where was this smell coming from you might ask. OUR SHOES!!! we tracked it all over her house. as soon as i got do
Ok, I know it is hard to understand somethings, but this has to take the cake or maybe this blog may have some validity. Does it make sense to have a radio station in Dallas called the Edge calling it Edgefest, but having the concert absolutly nowhere their listeners live. Who the fuck thinks up this shit? I tell ya, if i was still in the metroplex right now I would boycot this fucked up station, thank god they finally got the Eagle back down there. Edgefest is in Toronto fucking Canada. And anyone reading this who is in that area(not Canada) living there right now should do the same. What a inconvienance to their listeners. Talk about the most fucked up thing ever. You can go to the link and take a look for yourselfs and look at the site and post this blog everywhere and send it to the radio station too. http://www.edge.ca/ConcertsandEvents/Edgefest.aspx
Sitting here in the most beautiful place Surrounded by warmth and light Being in love is a grand thing Your love brings the sunshine to my world Even on a cloudy day But without warning Without any just cause I see a shadow The darkness I have fought for so many months It crowds me Knocks on my soul Calling my name As if I am something it owns I draw on your love to push it back where it belongs For now, I know I am holding it at bay However, I fear that one thing I seem to have no control over I refuse to give in to what lies there in the dark The suffocating and squeezing that I feel in that abyss Taking my breath away and pushing me to a place A place of fear and unknown I will not go back there Do I have what it takes to hold it back, To push it back where it belongs For now, I fight what I cannot touch I fight to hold on to all the light that warms my life No room for the shadows Nevertheless, weakness is here and I fear what I may not have the strength
Wow, It's been a long time since I have seen some of the people on my myspace account. I have friends from, old jobs, high school, and even from my child hood. Life has been a strange journey and I have been riding it like a roller coaster up and down, this way and that way. But some times I still fell that I am standing in line as everyone passes me by. I don't understand how so many people who are connected together but go in so many directions. Things happen and this person changes and zips' off. I spend a lot of time people watching and have come to see things that still confuse me. Like how we our instinct and consciences conflict. There is one thing I have come to understand is how we like are surroundings to be comfortable. Familiar, close, and friendly. Some times the aggression comes out and we need to let off steam. There are things we turn to alter our personality to relax us or to calm us. Working out, alcohol, sports, drugs, work, there are many things people do world wide
is love when u smile when that someone comes in the room and when all ur dreams now invol them. i am in love he is the world to me but am i truely in love or is the fact that this is my firest real relation ship the issue. well i don't no but i love it when he is around
~ Every Women Should Know ~ ~A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE ... enough money within her control to move out and rent a place of her own, even if she never wants to or needs to... ~A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE ... something perfect to wear if the employer, or date of her dreams wants to see her in an hour... ~A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE . a youth she's content to leave behind.... ~A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE .. a past juicy enough that she's looking forward to retelling it in her old age.... ~A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE ... a set of screwdrivers, a cordless drill, and a black lace bra... ~A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE .. one friend who always makes her laugh.. and one who lets her cry... ~A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE ... a good piece of furniture not previously owned by anyone else in her family... ~A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE .. eight matching plates, wine glasses with stems, and a recipe for a meal, that will make her guests feel honored... ~A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE . a feeli
You make me smile You make me smile whenever I see you You make me smile whenever I hear you voice You make me smile whenever you kiss me or cuddle me I felt warm and comfort just knowing you are on my side Every time I think of our memories its makes me smile Even though have few That’s what makes me smile
hey hows it going, im new hear and trying to meet some new people. freind me or give me a shout out or something LOL
I am holding my first ever giveaway/contest. There will be two parts of this giveaway/contest. First Part Send me a link to a picture you want me to put up for you to bomb. This will be 10 tags per every 500 comments. Rates will count as 2 comments. Send me a message when you have reached the 500 comments. If you want more than 10 tags as these can be awesome surprises for a friend too so you can share then comment more I will do 2 tags per 100 comments, but a limit of 500 comments has to be done first! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Now for the second part of this contest. If you want in send me the link to the picture you want me to add. This will be a contest for the one with the most number of rates and comments contest. Rates will count as 2 comments. The prizes for this part of the contest will be as follows: First Prize 20 tags, 100,000 fubucks and a bling of my choice. Second Prize 15 tags, 50,000 fubucks and a bl
Terrell Owens Gets His Wish, Contract Extended Through 2011 According to The Ticket (1310 AM out of Dallas) Terrell Owens' contract has been extended for three more years, until 2011. This upcoming season would have been Owens' last year on his current contract. T.O. recently announced he would love to finish his career in Dallas and I'm pretty sure Jerry was listening. The actual figures have not been released but he deserves every cent they agreed upon. On March 18, 2006 Terrell Owens signed a 3-year $25 million dollar contract when he first came to Dallas. After what he's brought to team in the last two years, there is no doubt he got a substantial raise. Earlier this month Terrell Owens spoke out about his contract. He said, "I'm going to let it play out and not try to be a distraction. I'm a firm believer that things will work out for the best." His patience definitely paid out! **UPDATE** Cowboys agreed to terms with Terrell Owens on a four-year, $34 millio
What Makes a Dad God took the strength of a mountain, The majesty of a tree, The warmth of a summer sun, The calm of a quiet sea, The generous soul of nature, The comforting arm of night, The wisdom of the ages, The power of the eagle's flight, The joy of a morning in spring, The faith of a mustard seed, The patience of eternity, The depth of a family need, Then God combined these qualities, When there was nothing more to add, He knew His masterpiece was complete, And so, He called it ... Dad imikimi - Customize Your World
Why do nice guys finish last? (not that I am that nice, just curious). I was brought up in a time and place where you didn't hit your woman or any woman for that matter, or disrespect them. By todays standards thats all wrong and the wuss way out, by todays standards you should be rude to them, speak down to them, and in general treat them like dirt. Ladies say they want the nice guy, but soon as you treat them nice and go the extra mile they say they want you to, they treat you like you're a walking disease and go after the rude crude ass-hole that treats her like shit or whatever, doesn't do "womans work, aka" housework. So, I know how to do my own laundry and dishes and clean my own mess up, does that make me the wimp? Does buying a rose on the way home for my woman make me a wuss? Does telling my woman "no don't worry about the dishes tonite, I'll do them", make me less of a man? I'm just curious is all But if any of you ladies out there can answer this Please drop me a line, What
Well I have never bloged my feelings before on here so I think it is about time to. I have met some great people on Fubar, some I have become real close with some are friend in a distance. It is funny how friendships change, some grow into great relationships and some just delete you from their lives. I had an awesome friend (well someone I thought was a friend) just deleted me from his life. He met a girl on here and she was not my biggest fan so she had basically told him he was not aloud to be friends with me. Why??? That is what my question is. This person I talked to on a daily bases either on the phone or on YIM we would just chat about our day or any thing that was on our minds. I was going through a tuff time with a break up and this person was always there for me to talk to. Now that this person has met a certain girl he is not able to talk to me and this really hurts. Other friends have acted like they were concerned for me during this hard time for me and now they a
34 Reasons to Have Sex Sex and Health: Do the nasty. Knock boots. Bump uglies. Shag. Schtupp. Boff. Boink. For every silly nickname we use for sex, there's a totally legit reason why you should be having more of it. To prove our point, we've pulled together a comprehensive list of the mind-boggling benefits of hitting the sheets. From boosting your immune system to releasing aggression, here are the many ways it pays to play dirty. Shag your guy's ticker into shape. According to a study at Queens University in Belfast, men who have sex three or more times a week can cut their risk of heart attack in half. According to that same study, regular romps will also halve your man's chances of suffering a stroke. Work off that Rice Krispies Treat without hitting the treadmill. One 30-minute roll in the hay burns about 200 calories. Curb irritability. "Tactile stimulation soothes nerves," says Evelyn Resh, M.P.H., certified nurse midwife and director of health services at
there has to be a man for me somewhere.ive been here six months and nothing but loosers,just need some one that can handle fun and my needs.even part time would do.i do have plenty going on but there is something missing. tgif someone save me!
If anyone is interested google released a new browser called Google Chrome. We have been testing it all day and it works great, allows you to import your settings from other browsers, is very lightweight. By lightweight I mean it uses very little ram. In comparison with firefox it uses only around 50MB of Ram compared with firefox using hundreds of Megabytes of Ram. I highly recommend that all my friends upgrade to the new browser and here is the free download link Also no worries about having to install plugins for fubar to work, its all included in the browser, have fun my friends!!! http://www.google.com/chrome/
I hereby relenquish the name of Jeniwren. I will now be known as Heidi GlitzyHooters, although I do seem to prefer GlitzyKnockers. I will never speak to anyone ever again on here unless they show me their KOK or WOOWOO. Goodbye for now. Heidi xxx
Well being back within the us borders is just ok. I miss him so much i know that. I am so happy he is taking me away for the holidays. I am now 18 so nothing is going to get in my way anymore. He buys me gifts, tells me im pretty all the time, lets me go shopping on his dime, paid my cell bill that i managed to run up to ver 500.lol. When i went to vegas i didnt have to stay in crap ass motel i stayed in a condo owned by him. But really i love him for him all by his self. I dont need anything but him. I miss traveling with him i went to italy in july it was amazing i had never been anywhere out of tx let alone italy!. So i am hoping to be with him again soon all of u have a super day though love......me.
I just wanted to say thank you to those special friends that helped me get my blast in time for my birthday!!! ... and there was me thinking I better start it 2 weeks before my birthday so i got it in time lol! and its done under a week!! Thank you so much ... I've made thank you tags which some of you may already have but just incase here is the link to the first pic in the folder copy yours if you havent already :-) once again ... thank you !! Love Sandy xx
We are the soldier under command. We hold two-edged sword within our hands. We're not ashamed to stand up for what's right. We win without sin. It's not by our might. And we're fighting all the sin. and the good book - it says we'll win! Soldiers,Soldiers, under command. Soldiers,Soldiers, fighting the battle plan. Are you a soldier under command. Help fight the good fight, join us while you can. the battle that's waiting is fought so easily. Through Him, without sin there is victory. And were fighting all the sin. And the good book - it says we'll win! writen by PrincessBride
I had to steal this html too, but it was peer pressure... and its so pretty I made it to PROPHET!!! In the last 30 days I made Prophet mostly because these people were there for me & I want to thank them for their true friendship & support. Thanks to everyone that helped me. If you don't have these people on your friends list, go rate, fan & add them, they are awesome people to know. ~steward~@ fubar bikerweb@ fubar *Thump☆Star*™@ fubar ღMirageღ~ஐPu$$yCat~♫~PlayMateஐAndღC.E.O~TheRealDealFamily®~ϗ@ fubar ***chuckiiboo***@ fubar Ðôçβôñε NYC Nurse's Playtoy@ fubar ~*Liz*~*owned by Carolvision63*Friendship Circle*~*Club Frat*~@ fubar
I like so called "Southern Rock (Rebel Rock)" music. I also enjoy various choice music genres such as rock, folk, 60s & 70s (Classic Rock), blues, zydeco, raggae, country, bluegrass, and jazz (Big Band, swing). My favorite instrument in music to listen to is the guitar. A great lead and rhythm guitarist makes me like the music even more. In fact, just to listen to a great guitarist by themselves is a great pleasure to me. I also like banjo, saxiphone, and piano. My favorite blues guitarists are Robert Johnson, Eric Clapton, Jimi Hendrix. My favorite jazz guitarist is Robben Ford. My favorite bluegrass band is Alison Krauss And Union Station. My favorite band of all is Lynyrd Skynyrd. My favorite band in my local area here in Richmond Indiana is Dallas Moore And The Snatch Wranglers. The Sulentic Brothers from South Bend, Indiana is also one of my favorite local bands. My favorite jazz band is Weather Report. Believe it or not I also enjoy "longhaired" (classical) music. My Fav
Beer Jousting Requirements... The Joust Name: All those who compete must have a Jousting moniker or just put Sir in front of your last/nick name(i.e. Sir Swagger, The Drunk Knight or even Sir DrunkenHammered) The Joust: We take approximately 6 beer can's(yes we have to down them) each. We tape them together end to end with duck tape. The Armor: Only armor approved will be beer case packs(as shown in my friend Parr's pic) You will be allowed to arm your other appendages should you feel so inclined to but only approved beer case armor shall be used The Battle: At any time during a party one may challenge another to an Honor Duel, if the duel is accepted then the two shall joust! If it is declined, the person who declined will then be knight Sir Douchenheimer for the remainder of the party until they redeem themselves through winning a joust. When we are full battle ready we shall run at each other full force with our Beer Jousts! 1st to knock the other down wins!
Where do you all get off on telling me what to do and where to put things lol...if i wanna do a mumm dont tellme what to do w/it and I wont ever post a fucking mumm again and faras blogs no one fucking reads them
yeah so im new to this site and i guess i just wanted to say hi and say a lil about myself my names casie im 20 years old. i have 6 peircings and 4 tattoos. im currently in school for massage therapy but i already have my table and ill be graduating in april so im pretty much already a massage therapist, now im just learning all the lil fun stuff like what all extra stuff they do at spas and stuff. umm after i graduate im either going to japan for Japanese massage or Hawiia for energy massage work and learning all that fun stuff either thos 2 or i wanna take a crimalistic class like that or something idk. umm i love old muscle cars. my car lol...hehe. its a supercharged what can i say. umm im single. have been for like ever and a year but hey i work or i did i kinda quit myjob cus im doing massages now but i work and i go to school so i need a boy, no correction i need a MAN. who can take care of himself and not need me to be around him every minute of everday so he can be secure with
A New Year is beginning. Are you thinking about what you may be missing? Or what the new Fubar year may have in store? Sure you'll move up some points and levels... New blings and super powers may come out... But why are you really here? To make some real friends? To unwind from life a little and have some fun? Then Bada Bing is the place to be. Some of family at Bada say its the best kept secret on Fubar... All lounges say they are "the best lounge on fubar" - so coming from me it doesnt mean much. But the thing that makes Bada special are the people. The Family ROCKS! So take a little time to meet some of the Bada Bing family, get to know them, and hear why they love Bada Bing. Click any of their pics below to GO to their profiles and get to know them even better. You wont regret it! - These are THE MOST AMAZING FRIENDS to have. If you want to come hang with us - click the Bada Bing Pic Above or Holiday gifs between the pics and your there! From Our Family to Yours, ma
I know sometimes I've been treating you bad I didn't know I was the only love you had I'm reaching out now with nothing to find but the long lonely days and the sad cold nights don't leave me baby, I'm finally happy I can't forget you, not that easy like oldies station radio I turn you up, you feel like home Wherever I go, whatever I do with every thought, you're sure to follow don't say goodbye as I arrive it can't be gone before we've tried It's not a rush, cause I miss your touch I can't give up that that good old-fashioned love My hands were bound and I drowned when you found me you pulled me back, but it's taken me time to breathe I never said the words I thought you assumed I'm telling you now without a doubt, I'm in love with you don't leave me baby, I'm finally happy I can't forget you, not that easy Chorus Don't let me think that you'll never turn around you're the one I want there's no good reason to be feeling we can't have it all Like a
The purpose of this blog is to make my 21st birthday wish of getting a blast to come true. I'd be forever greatful if someone can get me a blast, Even if only for one day. FYI-My birthday is on the 29th of January. Thanks for stopping by CT45. I'm looking for help earning FuBucks as easily as I possibly can, I'd appreciate ANY help at all. Thanks in advance.
Once Again.......I Was Right About RJ Cheating, I guess my instincts were right....even though i hoped i was wrong..but... once again...it turns out...that my cousin and good friend (kayla)...tho i did not ask them too..and for once i behaved (miracle i know)and i'm not saying they were right to do this but...they figured payback was a bitch...for what RJ did to me again...and they knew i should probably know the truth and I did want the truth but would have rather heard it from him. I think in any relationship..if one wants out..they should be honest...it might hurt..but it is so much easier to heal if you hear the truth.... Anywayz... they gathered up some things they could find easily, since his new gf is into drama as RJ is apparently....and she spammed it all over the net that they have been together since Sept (around the 17th) ...yet he was engaged to me...did not leave me till middle of October...(amazing huh?)...so at least now i know the truth but, one thing i am asking is
My best friend gave me the best advice He said each day’s a gift and not a given right Leave no stone unturned, leave your fears behind And try to take the path less traveled by That first step you take is the longest stride If today was your last day and tomorrow was too late Could you say goodbye to yesterday? Would you live each moment like your last? Leave old pictures in the past Donate every dime you have? If today was your last day Against the grain should be a way of life What’s worth the prize is always worth the fight Every second counts ’cause there’s no second try So live like you’ll never live it twice Don’t take the free ride in your own life If today was your last day and tomorrow was too late Could you say goodbye to yesterday? Would you live each moment like your last? Leave old pictures in the past Donate every dime you have? Would you call old friends you never see? Reminisce of memories Would you forgive your enemies? Would you find t
Gun Control Anyone that knows me also knows that I am an avid shooter and gun collector. It’s a hobby I enjoy doing simply due to the fact I love competition. I crave it… and will never back down from a challenge even if I know I am going to lose. Although I might lose I will only improve myself with each and every shot. To me gun control is about hitting your target, the safe handling of a weapon and of course the regulation of firearms. Recently a teacher was suspended from teaching because of a picture she had on facebook of her holding a weapon and pointing it at the camera. I have to ask myself why a school board thinks they have the right to suspend a teacher for a picture on a webpage that wasn’t affiliated with the school, teaching or children? This was her personal page that outlines herself and what she likes to do. Social networking sites such as Myspace, Facebook and Fubar all have sections for “About Me” where the user lists various hobbies, activities, interests
I do not understand how someone can leave comments on someones page that are not appropriate. Especially when they know that person is engaged and about to get married. I guess it is memory loss with old age. And if this person thinks he is man enough to try an kill me, he has another thing comin. And for you information fuck stain, I have seen action know what you have done and been through, so don't fuckin lecture me about what you have seen. Been there and dont that. So start acting like a fuckin NCO and back the fuck off
LIVE @ Bailey's in Johnson City Sunday March 8, at 9:00 pm. BulletBoys, NoN-PropheT, Headrush, and Swirl. Admission is only $8.00!!! Be there!!!! Forward to all your friends!!
Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. The largest selection of gay personals on the web. ... own profile and let guys know as little or as much about you as you like, or chat in the chat rooms. ... Male Force offers cheap gay chat and free gay chat for the man who wants to talk to100s of bi and gay men. UK Gay chat room. Our Gay chat rooms require registeration. Please enter a nickname and password below to enter the chat room. ... Guide for gay men in the UK with city guides, news, help and advice together with chat rooms, a message board and features. Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. aafree dating online services a beyblade dating quiz 72 virgins dating service a dating relationship ... quest phone dating service radioactive carbon dating rate online dating services catholic dating site back dating red hot dating line aafree online dating ... This site may harm your computer. african dating serv
Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Roger Pipe reviews Lesbian Cheerleader Squad #3, a Video Review. This was a fun video. Never knew Jesse Jane was a cheerleader. LOL. But pretty hot lesbian action. A liitle overdone on the facial expressions though. ... Nov 9, 2005 ... Lesbian Cheerleader Toilet Sex Video. Nov 9th, 2005; |; Wacky News; |; 5 Comments. We couldn’t make this stuff up if we tried… ... The Web Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Nov 10, 2008 ... A bill giving gay couples the right to form civil unions in ... Arnold Schwarzenegger said he hoped the California Supreme Court would ... Oct 29, 2008 ... California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger lays low on a proposed gay marriage ban. Feb 21, 2004 ... California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has told his top legal official to act against the city of San Francisco for allowing gay ... Nov 10, 2008 ... Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger yesterday
Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Chicago Escort TS Nadia Nicole Escort in Chicago. Are you an independent escort, agency or a private club? Add your profile with photo NOW ... TS Mistress Isabella Escorts Profile. I am Strict, sadistic, yet compassionate, kinky and into all aspects of Domination. US Tour: June 1st - 7th Chicago, ... Escort - T S Anna Nicole in Chicago, IL Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Fisting Lesbian Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Feb 25, 2009 ... Gay Asian Oscar viewers outraged at telecast censorship ... Writer Dustin Lance Black holds the Oscar for best original screenplay for his ... Justin.tv is a community of live broadcasters and viewers. Broadcast and customize on your own channel. It
Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Cleveland Lesbian-Gay-Bi-Trans Pride is an educational organization which works to increase acceptance of the lgbt community in northeast Ohio through ... Works toward a society free of homophobia and gender oppression. News, calendar of events, volunteer opportunities, and membership information. A local portal for people who are, or have interest in the cleveland gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered community and offers news, entertainment, ... Jul 18, 1997 ... In 1988 it changed is name to the Lesbian/Gay Community Service Center of Greater Cleveland. Increased support allowed the organization to ... Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. The headline was Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Dating site for people of color. Join Free and find your soulmate. There more useful resources: free dating resources, africa
I wake up every evening With a big smile on my face And it never feels out of place And you're still probably working At a nine to five pace I wonder how bad that taste When you see my face Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell When you walk my way Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell Now where's you picket fence love And where's that shiny car And did it ever get you far You never seemed so tense love I've never seen you fall so hard Do you know where you are And the truth be told I miss you And truth be told I'm lying When you see my face Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell When you walk my way Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell If you find a man that's worth a damn and treats you well Then he's a fool you're just as well Hope it gives you hell Tomorrow you'll be thinking to yourself Where'd it all go wrong? But the list goes on and on The truth be told I miss you And truth be told I'm lying When yo
I am in love with my husband but I am afraid that if I give our life another chance it wont work and then again I don't know if he would want me back to start with. The reason for this blog is that my husband gets out of prison tomorrow and I don't know if I am ready for this. I know I am the one going to pick him up. I guess we will see what happens tomorrow. I thought he had another year and I was going to get a divorce but I get a call today and guess what? He is out and needs a ride home. It has been an abusive relationship and I don't know if the abuse will change. In my heart I know it wont get any better but I want it to.
well sum people think their shit dont stink but im here to say that they do!! Kiss my ass whom ever thinks ur better than me. Fuck you and the horse u came n on...and do not forget that im a fucking bitch and ill bite u n the ass just like you tried to fuck me in the ass! dont worry about me....ill b just fine as soon as i get my foot out of ur ass that i planted n there today. the double life u think ur sooo gettin away with will tumble on u like a ton of bricks!! KARMA'S A BITCH & WHEN IT CUMS FOR YOU, & IT WILL ~ DO NOT CUM CRYING TO ME~WHAT CUMS AROUNS GOES AROUND....WHAT DID U THINK UR SPECIAL? FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU....NO NAMES NEEDED...U KNOW WHO U R!!!
Last Friday's Iranian presidential election yielded a result thatshould surprise few who understand the regime's true nature: hard-line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the winner, by a landslide.Many Iranians had supported Mir Hossain Mousavi, whose foreign policy largely resembled Ahmadinejad's, albeit with less confrontational rhetoric. The apparent competition between incumbent Ahmadinejad and three other candidates led many foreign observers to believe that Iran's election would actually reflect the will of the voters. Middle East expert Jim Phillips reminds us, however, that "Iran's government is not a true democracy but a theocratic dictatorship that cloaks the rule of the ayatollahs with a façade of representative government."Experts have called on President Obama to approach thisabrogation of democracy by firmly "denouncing the elections andindicating U.S. support for the demonstrators.""The president should be questioning the legitimacy of the elections,"Heritage Vi
I am aren't i.... Ive come to realise that I'm also: Perverted trucker mouth like Nympho Vulgar Hated Bitchy I have temper tantrums But hell I'm a girl with nice tits and a great ass SO YOU ALL LOVE ME.... Say hi so i can feel you up THank you wont be here long I am WICKED
MAD I am so tiered of people who us to be there for me as a friend turn around and till how bad of a mother I am when that person walked out on her frist Kid for Drugs and cant take care of the on she now has and the stupped B-ch is having another one poor kids and her husband has 3other kids he cant even take care of. He also walked out on them for this stupied Cun- I need to get out of here befor I hurt someone it will ether be this person after she has the baby or my loving B-ch of a sister who also says I am a bad mother really do they have nothing better to do. And all I was trying to do was give the us to be friend some baby clothes so I was trying to help her out wont make the mistake aging. I am smart anuff for that I want help nithor one of them out aging ever they both can rout in Hell.
NAILS IN THE FENCE Make sure you read all the way down to the last sentence. (Most importantly the last sentence)
Hey, I'm the drummer for this band. I got an invite thru the band's email address to join so thought I would. I have no idea how to change the background or put info in...at this time. I have obviously discovered the blog ;-) If you are curious, just do a search for "Sabbath Seven"...our myspace page should be in the search results...Peace! We have been called "The Bad Boys Of Christian Metal." We will not beat you over the head with a Bible. Most of our songs have some spiritual connotations...mainly due to our core beliefs, and our bass-player recovering miraculously from a life-threatening brain tumor. I personally believe that God and Medical Science worked hand-in-hand in that situation. OK, about me, I'm 40 currently and am married, and am a very happy and proud Father of a 13 month old girl. My only child. I didn't think kids were "in the cards" for me for the longest time :-) I have to go for now. I may see ya around!
why is it that every time you think you have a good thing going and you might have half a chance at being happy something always has to crush every little possibility of that happyness. i hate how everyone is for them selves but can you blame them , if you stick you heart or neck out and give someone a chance you just get banged up like a bumpercar a the town fair. no one cares about anyone but thems selves but hey guesss what its our fault this is happening . i mean have you not seen the hitcher. lol but not really , there are fucked up people that need to be put down , keep the dogs at least they abide , but you can kill and get away with it . right to fucked up for my thinking . just some thoughts , if someone gets a death sentance just end them instead of making tax payers pay for them , if someome rapes kid repeadidly , just end them and save the next kids future . and for gods sake can we all be just people because i am tired of the race card being played there ha
A woman in a grocery store happens upon a grandfather and his poorly behaved three year-old grandson. It's obvious to her that Gramps has his hands full with the child screaming for candy in the candy aisle, cookies in the cookie aisle; same for fruit, cereal and soda in their respective aisles. Meanwhile, Gramps is working his way around, saying in a controlled voice, "Easy, Albert, we won't be long -- easy, boy." Another outburst, and she hears Gramps calmly say, "It's okay, Albert, just a couple more minutes and we'll be out of here.. Hang in there, boy." At the checkout, the little terror is throwing items out of the cart, and Gramps again in a controlled voice is says, "Albert, Albert, relax buddy, don't get upset. We'll be home in five minutes; stay cool, Albert." Very impressed, the woman goes outside where Gramps is loading his groceries and the boy into the car. "You know, sir, it's none of my business, but you were amazing in there. I don't know how you did
who needs a turf I got a new one just starting up everyone in it is cool and drama free come see us and we will invite you to stay with us
Goddess in Heaven, the one I adore Before you I kneel and humbly implore Look not away at this slave at your feet Nor cast me out in the cold, empty street The thought of your power teases my brain The thought of your beauty eases my pain I long but to give you My body and soul And let your desires Take their toll I've nothing to give you but all that I am
When I'm with you, eternity is a step away. My love continues to grow, with each passing day. This treasure of love, I cherish within my soul, how much I love you.... you'll never really know. You bring a joy to my heart, I've never felt before, with each touch of your hand, I love you more and more. Whenever we say goodbye, whenever we are apart, know I hold you dearly, deep inside my heart. So these seven words, I pray you hold true, "Forever and always I will Love you".... Until there was you i walked the earth alone no hand to hold in mine my heart was all my own Until there was you true love was just a dream dreams of wonder and tears dreams of hope and fears Until there was you my life had no direction a road of uncertainty but now we have a journey
hey im on here looking for friends but one thing i dont fuck with mens so i should not b geting anything from a man just saying i love my lfe a have a good women who im with and hope to b with for a long time i like to have fun talk chill i dont fight i love people so get at me no mens
You know i have never understood the reasoning behind the head games that some women like to play. But what gets me the most is when a woman bitches about not being able to find a man that would love her for who she is, be loyal and treat her right but at the same time all she dates is trash, men that want nothing to do with being a commited individual unless it's simply long enough to get some tail the bounce. I've seen this happen time and time again, and it's happened to me a few times. Some women that i have been friends with for some time always do this yet they never take notice of the person that has ALWAYS been there for them when the others treated them like shit. That just goes to show how blind and stupid people can be. I used to feel bad for women like this, now i just laugh and shake my head. Why? Because i am sick and tired of wasting my time to get to know people, be their friend and then getting overlooked when i am the #1 thing their looking for. So it's their own fa
i'm new to this site and this site seems to be really fun..please add me,rate me,salute,like,fan me,bling and whatever else..lol
The first Indian luxury train to be owned by a private player, Indian Maharaja - Deccan Odyssey takes guests on a journey spanning over 8 days and 7 nights through its two itineraries- Mumbai to Delhi and Delhi to Mumbai. Both the journeys cover same destinations which include Agra, Fatehpur Sikri, Jaipur, Sawai Madhopur, Udaipur and Aurangabad. Most of the aforementioned destinations are housed with one or more edifices that has been recognized as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.“It is a specialized agency run by the United Nations whose purpose is to maintain peace and security in the world by promoting international collaborations through education, science and culture.” (Wiki) The conservation of natural and cultural heritage with the international cooperation in the form of World Heritage Site is one of them. A white marble edifice built to commemorate the passionate love of Emperor Shah Jahan, Taj Mahal was emblazoned as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 198
This is my first blog so I doubt anybody will bother to read this. However, my hugs project is important to me so I am going to do this (I just hope I dont come off like a raging idiot). Some times I get try to be Ms Industructable and handle everything myself. The results are often disasterous. Recently I allowed that to happen. I have few friends that live here so for some reason I shared. Suddently things changed. I was getting hugs from here that really helped me (everybody on here is really awesome). I realized the nurturing qualities of a physical hug and a fu bar hug are identical. I want everybody to experience a hug. My project isnt going quit how I wanted but its ok. I am getting lots of hugs and a few people have actually benefitted. I hope that in some small way I can also help somebody overcome an obstacle I am a pusher of drugs and I try to spread joy with them. I haven' t always been like this. I was a "touch me not" person. Then a few weeks ago my feelings
(I did not write this.) Twas' 11 days before Christmas, around 9:38,when 20 beautiful children, stormed through heaven's gate.Their smiles were contagious, their laughter filled the air,they could hardly believe, all the beauty they saw there.They were filled with such joy, they didn't know what to say,they remembered nothing of what had happened, earlier that day."Where are we?" asked a little girl, as quiet as a mouse."This is heaven." declared a small boy."We're spending Christmas at God's house."When what to their wondering eyes did appear,but Jesus, their savior, ... the children gathered near.He looked at them and smiled, and they smiled just the same.Then He opened His arms and He called them by name.And in that moment was joy, that only heaven can bring,those children all flew, into the arms of their King.And as they lingered in the warmth of His embrace,one small girl turned, and looked at Jesus' face.And as if He could read all the questions she had,He gently whispered to he
So recently i was looking for a way to send something to my friend via the internet and I discovered Giftrocket.com You can sugegst a place for them to use the gift, or just send them a cash gift for them to enjoy anywhere. I loved the site, and my friend did too. If your looking for the right gift for any occasion, Giftrocket.com is that way to go. Dan
The link I will be posting is a fund raiser that has been put up for Harold Whitaker. He has stage 4 lung cancer and is now in hospice to make him comfortable for his final days. I would so appreciate any donation given, even the small amounts add up. This man is a man of God and the person I am helping to raise money on with this benefit. He has no type of insurance to pay medical expenses or his funeral or head stone. He has two wonderful grandchildren that took upon themself to do a lemonade stand with only $20.00 saved for a toy they wanted, but now are doing this thinking they will make a 100.00 dollars, needless to say they will get help by there parents. The press of all news stations are now involved and are going to show up at this benefit as well as the newpaper, they will hit the papers tomorrow. I will post a picture of that. Anyway as I was saying this family needs help. This is a type of man that would give his last dime even if he had to do without and trust me he h
visited 46 states (92%)Create your own visited map of The United States or Like this? try: The Next President
Sorry Current mood: crappy I'm sorry for all the pain you went through. The pain of loving, I've done it to! I shut people out without a care. Thinking they would always be there. I did them wrong and I'll admit I did. Now no ones here and I wish I were dead. I wanna start over or atleast make a stand. But if you dont want anything to do with me... TRUST me, I understand! Hey whats up? Yeah I was bored the other day so I wrote this poem. I really dont know who it is dedicated to it just sounded good...lol...whatcha think?
TEN TRUTHS WHITE, BLACK, AND ASIAN PEOPLE KNOW, BUT HISPANIC PEOPLE WON'T ADMIT: 1. Hickies are not attractive. 2. Chicken is food, not a roommate. 3. Jesus is not a name for your son. 4. Your country's flag is not a car decoration. 5. Cars are not meant to touch the ground. 6. "Jump out and run" is not in any insurance policies. 7. Ten people to a car is considered too many. 8. You're in America, you speak our language. 9. Mami and Papi can't possibly be the nickname of every person in your family. 10. Letting your children run wildly through the store is not normal. TEN TRUTHS BLACK, HISPANIC, AND ASIAN PEOPLE KNOW, BUT WHITE PEOPLE WON'T ADMIT: 1. Elvis is dead. 2. Jesus was not white. 3. Rap music is here to stay. 4. Kissing your pet is not cute or clean. 5. Skinny does not equal sexy. 6. Thomas Jefferson had black children. 7. A 5 year old child is too big for a stroller. 8. NSYNC will never hold a candle to the Jackson 5. 9. An occasional spanking
Just wanted to Thank all my friends, family and fans for voting for me in the recent contest held by The Contest Duo. All I can say is.... MY FRIENDS ROCK!!!
All right, Im the kind of guy that doesn't really give a rats ass what he wears. If it smells or at least looks clean I'll wear it, and the only time I get new clothes is Christmas and my birthday. I thought I did a GREAT job today, went shopping to buy some new pants for work, and as always, I refuse to try anything on at the store. So, I broke the 6 year stretch of not buying myself any type of clothing and bought 8 pairs of pants, yeah for me, I rock. I get home and ripped all the tags off put them in my closet and was done. Then something came up and I needed to run to work so I decided to grab a pair I had just bought, What did I do wrong???? I wear 34W x36L and bought 8 pairs of 36Wx34L and they wont take them back since I removed the tags :( Somebody slap me.
Four things you might not know about me - then it's your turn. A. Four jobs I have had in my life: 1. Tech/service rep 2. Survey specialistst 3. Assistiant Personel Sergeant 4. First Line Manager B. Four movies I would watch over and over: 1. Dirty Dancing 2. X-men (all of them) 3. Dodge Ball 4. Blade C. Four places I have lived: 1. Simi Valley, Cal 2. Tucson, Az 3. Austin, Tx 4. Hidelberg, Germany D. Four TV shows I love to watch: 1. Charmed 2. CSI Miami 3. CSI Las Vegas 4 Survivor E. Four places I have been on vacation: 1. Lake Tahoe 2. Hawaii 3. Spain 4. Disnetland F. Four Web sites I visit daily: 1. Yahoo.com mail box 2. Lost Cherry 3. American Dart Orginization 4. Lightspeed/surveys G. Four of my favorite foods 1. coffee w/ milk 2. pizza 3. chips 4. sweets H. Four places I'd rather be right now: 1. in NY 2. in bed with someone 3. just home chillin' 4. Some where Interesting I. Four friends I
hey all its the dood im having another boob contest with more prizes and it will be fun for all the last one was fun and i thiink we all need it my contests are drama free so i need 20 girls to send me there pics come on ladies show the love send them here big dood the contest guy@ LostCherry
WMD? Music is the WMC, weapon of mass construction. So practice, practice, practice your art all the way to the Smithsonian levels baby!! Art is what makes us!! Ask not what art can do for you, but what you can do for art!!!! Real art, not some corporate-fake ass flash-in-the pan kind of shit. Art that conveys all human emotions. the good ones, the bad ones, and the ugly ones!!! Supporting art is also part of how it grows, so if you don't make art, support it and you'll be apart of the art too!!! Just some art-thoughts ya'll! >>>>>>C-Money Word>Sound>Power!!!
Ozone created by electric cars now killing millions in the seventh largest country in the world, Mexifornia, formerly known as California. White minorities still trying to have English recognized as Mexifornia's third language. Baby conceived naturally - - scientists stumped. Couple petitions court to reinstate heterosexual marriage. Iran still closed off; physicists estimate it will take at least 10 more years before radioactivity decreases to safe levels. France pleads for global help after being taken over by Jamaica. Castro finally dies at age 114; Cuban cigars can now be imported legally, but President Chelsea Clinton has banned all smoking. George Z. Bush says he will run for president in '36. Postal Service raises price of first class stamp to $17.89 and reduces mail delivery to Wednesdays only. 85-year, $75.8 billion study: Diet and Exercise is the key to weight loss. Average weight of Americans drops to 250 lbs. Japanese scientists have created
i only been here for a few days and have grown to love this site and want to thank everyone thats been so sweet and awww hope you keep sending the comments there so kewl and have fun and thanks to everyone patty
When I get a friend request I think "Cool! Someone who either knows me personally, or someone that has a/some common interests. to I get to wondering about the others, you know, the ones that have the little prissy girls. Im not one of them! For one I hate your 50 Cent, Christina Agulara (whatever way you spell it), Hillary Duff...I hate it all, rap, r&b, pop. Two, I dont dress like you, I hate pink! I hate flowers on the things I wear (unless its black or red). Im not a priss! Im a Old School Metalhead Goth Chick Who's Pagan! If this upsets some of you, well its just my thoughts. To those who understand where the hell Im coming from, Rock On!!! I have been looking for a while for this episode in youtube and finally I found a discription of it as I was looking for Norse pics. So I copied the title in youtube and found it. Sorry for the subtitles and all, but I think you will total understand why I have it. My Reactions To The Virginia Tech Shooting Now Im not saying that I s
Ive been asked...."What is NPT?" Well NPT stands for "Nasty Past Times". That is where I work. I am a phone fantasy girl, a phone sex operator in other words. Our site is called NastyPastTimes. WWW.nastypasttimes.com Is the address to the main site if anyones interested in calling or are interested in joining the team. We are always looking for new people who enjoy earning $1.00 a minute for talking on the phone. Its an easy job if your into roll playing or nasty talk... Check it out sometime! Hey bois I am Jennifer.. I am tired of these young imature boys that say they are men.That hop on and hop off crap is for prudes I want sweet sweaty sex.I want a man who knows how to please a woman, instead of me telling them how and where to touch me... With older men I get that.. I love maturbating for older guys and watching their cocks growing inside their pants and get them to take it out and use it on me any way they want as long as I get to cumm and that shaft.. So if you would like me to
Its Goose Night and I am sitting home online watching Sixteen Candles, what a mess am I!! With life come so many choices, when do you know that you are making the right ones though.... my answer is you never know... any choice you make is the right one because it is the choice you wanted.... With life there is love and I know that we all can love many people at once.... You can be in love while loving someone so much..... you can be in love with 2 different men or women at the same time.... What a world it is!! Crazy Fate likes to mess us all up.... I think about my life and where did it go... why do i take on more than i can chew... Am I that strong for everyone to lean on me.. why is it when i need them , they are too busy... Where did the time go , why is it flying by... why cant i just live with no worries, no stress.. I need a new job off my feet , no problems.. But today is today and tomarrow is almost here... life wont change because i am stuck , i try to move but maybe im not
I have decided that opening up to people is a stupid idea. No matter how long you've been feeling something or wanted to tell someone something do it right away or not at all. If you possibly find a person that ( wow word's can;t describe the thought's i'm thinking) Don't blow them off just because your not sure how they feel or would feel about something just tell them. I've had a person in the back of my mind that i never told until recently and I didn't know how they felt. But over the past at least two years. I'm sure that i've hurt this person greatly. why couldn't i have realized what was there sooner. Why couldn't i have taken the chance. Yeah my head's getting all jumbled I'm done.
I found this in my TagWorld Inbox recently and it literally made me go... WTF???? I won't say who it's from but I will say it's someone I am unsure I would want as a friend. How could anyone have such a cold, self centered attitude on life and love? All I can say is remember this... You reap what you sow. Now it's everyone else's turn... Let me know what you think? I'VE BEEN TOLD THAT I HAVE USED THOSE WHO LOVED ME THE MOST. I THINK THAT A WOMAN HAS TO DO WHAT SHE HAS TO DO TO BE TAKEN CARE OF NO MATTER WHO GETS HURT. MEN OWE IT TO ME TO BEG , BORROW OR STEAL TO TAKE CARE OF ME. LET'S FACE IT, A WOMAN HAS TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE SITUATION TO BE SURE THAT SHE IS TAKEN CARE OF. WHEN THE GUY DOESN'T MEET MY EXPECTATIONS AS TO WHAT I NEED, THEN IT'S TIME FOR HIM TO HIT TO ROAD. AM I WRONG TO THINK THIS WAY? ME ON THE OTHER HAND, I WANT TO DO WHAT I WANT TO DO, WHEN I WANT TO DO IT AND IT'S MY BUSINESS AS TO WHO I DO IT WITH, BUT THAT'S JUST ME. TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT I
would you be my armageddon bring my world to it's knees? or would you squeeze the trigger if i just begged you please? what would you say if i said i enjoy your punishment? if i said you were my poison would you let me take a sip? would you twist the dagger in my side? would you admit to me our love's a lie? or would you take me by the hand and lead me down that road again? bleeding you left me needing abusive love so numb you left me needing abusive love would you tie the noose hang me from the tree of pain and let me swing for days making sure i'm not the same man i was before i fell in love with a whore? if this is your love i don't want it anymore!
ok....what is with all of the breast shots, and pics of the women in the skimpy clothes.... am I missing something? I guess this is where the whole "good girl" thing comes into play, but I don't get it.
To all my Family and Friends, My the Joy of the Season be with each and every one of you. It is the time of the year when we should put all of our anger and transgretions aside and start to focus on those most close to us.I'm really not a big player for alot of words and this really isn't going to be one of those blogs where it goes on and on.I just want each and every one of my Family,Friends and Fans here on Cherry Tap to know that you are in my thoughts 2nite and every nite and that you are kept out of harms way on this Joyous Nite. God Bless You All and HOHOHO !!!!! Iceman Cherry Tap is the Funnist thing going on-line right now. Want to give my thanx out to LinaLove69 and to Tashia_swt69 for getting me here its a BLAST !!!!!
Most everyone pretty much knows about my wonderful mother passing away this past 9/11/06. The day before, during 9/11, and after were my darkest hours.. I honestly must say. However, Ok.. so every many positive things have happened that have brought joy to my heart for Mom. Therefore, despite the trajedy of her death... many wonderful things did happen: people from all over the world in our family were together, she would have been so happy to have seen all those people ( I do not think she realized how many people really loved her), and it has brought us closer in my family..(if that is even possible lol).. and all of these things would have made mom so proud!! I would just give anything to have known that on Sunday, the day before she died that was going to be our last supper together.. We were all at her house for the annual birthday of her husband.. She was so sick and tired from staying up the night before painting the kitchen.. by the time we all got there to hang out wi
Source Energy On a core level, when we get right down to the most basic building blocks of everything, there is only Source. Source is everything: everything in creation, everything on an energy level, everything you look at, everything you imagine. Source is everywhere: on manifest levels, on astral levels, and on every level of conception. Energy can be vibrating in alignment with pristine Source energy, or energy can be disconnected from Source and can be vibrating at other frequencies. Everything on a manifest or a non-manifest level is Source energy in different vibrations and frequencies. For example, a tree is vibrating at a different energy frequency than a cloud. These two aspects of manifest reality are both made of Source energy but are operating at different frequencies. There is no limit to the number of different frequencies that can be created. The same concept applies to spiritual beings. When a being is in alignment with pristine Source energy, they will
...so i'm sorry if i haven't stopped by to say hello to anyone most of u don't know...but.. i'm a culinary student, and for one of my classes we had to make a cookbook with a theme.. ..and i couldn't think of anything better than: 'The Dave Matthews Band and Friends Tribute Cookbook some of the recipes include: Murph’s ‘Is This Real or Am I Dreaming?’ Roasted Red Peppers with Mozzarella, Basil, and Angel Hair Brandy’s ‘Sittin on Top of the World with Your Legs Hanging Free’ Five-Spice Salmon with Leeks Stacie’s ‘Kissing Whiskey by the Fire’ Chocolate-Mint Cheesecake Pretty groovy, eh? my email is adsantay@hotmail.com...or you can send me a message w/ yours if you'd like a copy ..peace, love, and dmb ;)
FREEDOM IS NOT REALLY FREE!!! Freedom is not Really Free! From the first day until now brave men and women pay with their life’s, blood, sweat, tears. They pay with their Kid's and their mom's and dad's, their time and their love. Freedom has to be earned everyday and will have to keep being earned as long as this great nation stands. Here are a few stories of people who have paid for are Freedom! A young boy no more than 13 years old stands in a field beating on a drum. The Year is 1777 the boy is a drummer boy for the Colonial Army. As he stands there leading the march with his drum, a shot is fried from the enemy. The bullet rips into the young boy’s chest causing him to fall to the ground. He lies there bleeding to death. There is not a thing anyone can do. So the boy dies there on the field. How can you say he did not pay!!! A man walks in a jungle he knows not. The year is 1944 in Japan. As he searches for the enemy’s location he takes a step forward and his foot comes down
Locked up. 22 years with a million friends... Alone. Hehe... Ironic. Nothing's to hot and nothing's to cold. Music. And yet... No middle ground. Release? Through self inflicted art. I am not a citizen. I... Music. I am not a boy, a man... A pigment to your outcome. Music. I am... A heretic in every sense. I... I am... That love for which I am... Music. My muse? My... My focal point? My... My niche? Music. Everything yet nothing. My world is... Is a metronome. Constant beats, word, lines... Constant... Music. Simple ticks... Complex... Tocks. Nuclear warheads... Bombs drop like beats... Followed by... Flow. Music. A mind hacker. A... Mind trip. Speaking in twos through words and sound. Ecstacy. Music. What is music now? Nothing more... Than MTV, nothing... Nothing more than a fashion. Music. Nothing more than vast religions... In deluded attempts to CHANGE... Music. Raped and drained of all purpose and meaning. WHAT? I am a childe of this era... Digitally enhanced through mere headphon
IMPORTANT: We are aware that some people are getting error messages on their myspace players. We moved all players to a new server and these messages will come and go throughout tonight (Tuesday). Please be patient. Your playlist is NOT broken and will work fine shortly. Check the news section for updates.
i dunno realy what im doin but hey i gotta learn sumtime!! wanna meet loasd of u sexy ppl out there n it wud be really nice to get me ratin a lil better as im a lil newbie compared o u lot lol!!!! i also have msn but if u wanna chat n av my addy jus pm me or leave me a message!! Hoe all is well wiv every1!!! Scott x Now ive had problems posting on here b4 cuz i didnt put it as repost lol so i thought i would have another bash at it!! Im only 2k away from levelling to a freak!! So im askin if ne1 could jus gimme a lil push toward it!! Im putting new pics up in the next few hours so i would really appreiciate any1 that can help!
I don't think a blog is what I meant to make here but oh well... My new background is a photo of me and Chrissy. It's labeled Devilish Duo in my photos. a> Aside from that, I'm just trying to figure out what I'm doing on here... LOL. Rock on, Niteowls, but I'm off to bed ;)
Copyright 2005 Bill Williams Fear The darkest night The hottest day The fiery pit of hell No one likes the idea of hell And who can blame them Always try to avoid it Never want to talk about it Nightmare of the population Terror of entire nations People always try to spread it Always try to calm yourself Never let it get to you Armies taken overseas Bombs exploding everywhere Losing lives to the enemy They think they’re winning But one battle at a time We show them how the big boys do it Fear The coldest heart The darkest sea The biggest meanest dog The barrel of the gun The feeling that you’re looking into it Fear The sharpest teeth The reddest eyes The bloodiest death Blue and the grey The dark red uniforms To symbolize the death Of an entire army In one small battle All caused by ignorance And fear The only fear worth having, Is that of fear itself To know that fear is opposite Of having the faith in life Of having faith in
JACK'S TELEPHONE NUMBER... Blonde Caller: "I need to talk with Jack. Can you give me his telephone number?" Operator: "I'm sorry, who are you talking about." Blond Caller: "On page 1 section 5, of the user guide it clearly states that I need to unplug the fax machine from the AC wall socket and telephone Jack before cleaning. "So what's his number?"
‘Love’ Love is a emotion Seldom freely given Love is a beauty Felt from deep within Love is a image Of peace and happiness Love is only felt When one gives kindness A special thing, to some people… That’s what love is. But, to me… LOVE IS YOU! J.R.A.F 12-09-93
.:VIRGO:. The Virgin Dominant in relationships. Sexy. someone loves them right now. Freak in bed. Always wants the last word. Caring. Smart. Intellectual. Attractive. Loud. Loyal. Easy to talk to. Hard to forget Love at first sight. Everything you ever wanted. Easy to please. The one and only. Ultimate sexiness. .:SCORPIO:. The sex addict Can be mean. EXTREMELY sexy. Intelligent. Energetic. Predict future. Most erotic. (Freak in bed.) (GREAT kisser.) Always get what they want. Sexy. Attractive. Easy going. Loves being in long relationships. Talkative. The sexiest ever....Romantic. Caring. .:LIBRA:. The lame lover Very pretty. Very romantic. Nice to everyone They meet. Spontaneous. Horny. Erotic. Their Love is one of a kind. Silly, fun and sweet. Have own unique sexiness. Most caring person you will ever meet! Amazing in Bed!! Will blow your mind. Did I say Amazing in Bed? not the kind of person you wanna %&(@ with...you might end up crying. The most irresistible. .:ARIE
this is my first blog, i thought i'd give it a shot, try something new, cuz im on myspace alot, its bad when the cops, come into your place, but they can see your hole life, looking at it threw myspace, dont put nothing up, you dont want somebody to see, a video of you fucking, on exstacy, its the hole world, rested at your fingertips, get caught in bullshit, and dont even gotta move your lips, so watch what you say, and watch what you do, to honest folks, and the ones talking shit too, all i'm saying is, to look front to back, and keep crooked pigs, from a cyber attack, its an epedemic, and you're on like crack, think about that shit, while i blaze a sack.
well i am once again pregnant && i jus finally got my own place so im movin out my moms this weekend... it will be hard maybe i guess but i think i can do it the only bill i ever had to really pay was my phone bill so i think i can manage my bills and take care of my responsibilities... i want to thank all of my cherrytap friends for leaving me comments even though i havent been on here && commenting u guys... i really appreciate it, it makes my feel like i really do have people out here that do care && my mom && my fiancee has been my biggest support && i love them dearly... without them i dont think i will be were i am today...thank u guys for reading my blog && taking time out ur day to leave me comments
why is it that you have to turn the radio down when you get close to where your going? like if youve been reading the directions the whole time just fine, but when you get a couple miles away you reach down and off it goes...and why do you always have to pee the closer you get to your house. i can not have to go AT ALL and then a block away im close to passing out from the pee pain. and why the hell do people look at the kleenex after they blow their nose? its boogers, same as always but maybe..if i keep looking i will blow gold dust out instead? and on that note, why do you always look in the toliet after you pump a grumpy? its shit. thats whats in there..just like last time. and why do women have to open their mouths when they put mascara on? i do it, cant help..i tried, just feels "better" if i can 'open my mouth'. and why do you do hand guestures when your on the phone...uh, they cant see you. and why do you NEVER blink when you play video games..maybe thats just me, but i swear to
In our society, we define ourselves by the differences we see in other people. We notice how fat people are or how tall someone is in comparison to ourselves. In this crazy world, we try to makes sense of reality by comming up with stereotypes about other people, races, and cultures. Why do we care so much about what other people think of us? If u r one of those people who say I don't care what other people think u r a big fat liar. It may not be to the same extent as others but everybody wants people to think a certain way about them. Whether u want to portray yourself as a thug or gangster, conservative or liberal, white or black, everyone cares on what the next person thinks of them. What is detrimental to our society is that people hold stereotypes of entire groups. For example, black people like chicken our white people can't dance. No one is exactly the same as another person. When we stereotype we are doin damage to society
Hello everyone I'm in The Least Popular Cherry Contest and I need your help. I need you to go and comment bomb and rate everyone in the contest EXCEPT me. I need to have the LEAST amount of comments at the end of the contest to win a 7 day blast. I love you all...The link is below....Amy PS. I would appreciate it if you would repost this to help me out. I'll return the favor if you ever need it. http://cherrytap.com/images.php?u=637585&albumid=248856
A distinguished young woman, on a flight from Switzerland, asked the >>Priest beside her, "Father, may I ask a favor?" >> >> >> "Of course, what may I do for you?" >> >> >> "Well, I bought an expensive woman's electronic hair dryer for my >>mother's birthday that is unopened and well over Customs' limits, and I'm >>afraid they'll confiscate it. Is there any way you could carry it through >>Customs for me? Under your robes perhaps?" >> >> >> "I would love to help you, dear, but I must warn you: I will not lie." >> >> >> "With your honest face, Father, no one will question you." >> >> >> When they got to Customs, she let the priest go ahead of her. >> The official asked, "Father, do you have anything to declare?" >> >> >> "From the top of my head down to my waist, I have nothing to declare." >> >> >> The official thought this answer strange, so asked, "And what do you >>have to declare from your waist to the floor?" >> >> >> "I have a
You scored as Black. You're heart is black. You are dead inside, possibly because of your past, you feel you have no emotions left and like you're just waiting to die. You find it hard to trust people and let them get close to you for fear of being hurt again. Never give up on yourself, there's always hope- no matter how bad things get.Black100%Red86%Orange71%White71%Blue57%Pink43%Yellow43%Green29%Purple14%~What colour is your heart?~created with QuizFarm.com
Some kind of friction has scarred me, but created your new style. My reasons to endure used to be based around who you were, and your brilliant passion that could blaze right in front of a perfect stranger. This is my downfall - my blemish, I've been told before. Quit holding on to what she was. She doesn't recognize you or herself anymore. She's stuck in the process of embracing what crumbles, and when it happens there will be no apologies. She chose to collapse what held her, and if not cautious there may never be a cradle to soften her descent, like clouds. New shapes are taken, but they're not always actual, they're never tangible. It's so brutal to see someone give it all up for nothing, and having no power to stop them. ABR Forget every word you spoke. Regret this life to choke. Purity, just a blinded coward. Seventeen, the number you chose me. Seventeen curses now will be blamed on your sacred black heart. Now I'm awake. My will is stronger than before. Y
Okay, so my profile is finally finished... I think. Tell me what you think, people! Now, bear in mind, I haven't had all that much time to dedicate to tweaking this profile, so it's a little rusty, but I think it looks acceptable. Opinions, please? Thanks, Julie
Like I have said before, I may be only one person in this world but I want to be the world to one person. Thats says it all
Drunkin billiards is a art. It is the ability to see straight lines even if your not able to walk in one. It is the ability to decipher wich one of the three cue balls is the real one. It is the ability to focus on the game and not every piece of ass that walks by as you take your shot. Its the ability to have fun at something even when your losing. Playing Drunkin Billiards is truly the yoga of the alcoholic Day in day out, Work today work tomarrow. I don't know why, It bothers me so. What I need no one wants to give. When I think it only brings sorrow. So I dwell in the halls of lone. When I'm not working, Im in a constant point of contention. The superfilious amout of time on hand, to grunt a grone. There has to be someone out there, to give me their time and speculation. If my life keep going how it has, I will be regressed, into a dossile drown. I have nothing to strive for except the constant compitishion. There is no exeptions for c
I don't really know where to begin...i don't consider myself a beauty queen but i do think that i'm kinda cute...i would never rate someone's pic a 1...if they were that ugly i would just go on to another profile...i'm guessing it was someone that needed some points...if you want to give me a 1, i wish you would just not leave me anything...this is supposed to be fun...
My cousin bet me he could pass me up on cherry points....so whoever reads this...help me beat him......Thanks **kisses
You scored as A Slave To BDSM. Admit it, you like being tied up and being told you've been very naughty. You like teasing your partner and making them squirm, and not letting them be able to do anything about it. Some people think what you do is sick and disgusting, but you know it's all in good fun.A Slave To BDSM93%Sex God85%A Romantic50%Virgin28%How are you in bedcreated with QuizFarm.com You scored as Bondage. Your turn on is bondage... all out. You don't have a specific part of kinky sex that turns you on more than any other... everything working together turns you on. And why shouldn't it? Sex isn't sex without all the trimmings.Bondage83%Biting75%Whips67%Blood
I try to avoid the news as much as possible I hate to hear all the tragic happenings in our world today. Yesterday was no exception, everyone was talking of the senseless act that took place on the grounds of Virginia Tech University. Tears filled my eyes and a heaviness filled my heart and soul as I thought of the terror and the pain that each of the dead and injured must have endured and the pain of their loved ones who will never see their children again because of a senseless and mindless individual who took their lives. Why? I ask myself a thousand times Why? How can someone kill anything with no remorse or even kill at all. What has come over our society that they feel it is okay to take countless lives and leave their loved ones with irrepairable holes in their lives. My heart and soul cries for the world in which we live today that is so cruel and self involved that one can do this and feel that their actions were just.... if even for an instant. This is why I no
Is one animal or human based on the decisions we make? My past psychology class has taught me a lot about the human brain. It is the driving force of hunger, pain, sexual desire, emotions, and logic. Animals rely on instinct to survive. Humans can choose to ignore instinct in order to survive. If anyone has read the book "Dune" by Frank Herbert, you know that Paul Atredies was tested to see if he was human or animal. The Reverend mother placed his hand in a box and induced extreme pain. The animal instinct was to remove his hand from the box. He knew if he removed his hand, he would die and therefore be called an animal. Humans have the power to control instincts if they wish. The most difficult instinct to overcome is sexual desire. We all know sex makes us feel good, but why do we have these feelings? It's to breed. We don't breed with every person that walks down the street that we know is in heat. We choose who we want to share sex. Of course I'm not talking a
So cold, I am or so I say I wanna be. Why does this heart of mine still beat and yet not for me. So alone, I am or so I say thats they way it has to be. Leave me alone to my mesiry that is the only place for me. So tired, I am or so I say that is the only feeling left to me. Does this have no end?...... ***Ok be nice. I am stuck after this last line so I know it is imcomplete but I am working on it.***
Just sitting here thinking this will be the first mothers day away from my kids. This is going to be difficult cuz I usually spend the day with them.....I know I will be back in the states a week after and I can see them then, but it just wont be the same =( I am proud to be a mother of 2 beautiful teenagers, Tabatha who is 17 and Daniel will be 16 in August....Damn that makes me feel old stating their ages =)
follow this link and comment bomb me and i'll buy you a gift!! or comment bomb u which ever u prefer just let me know!!! please help me by fanning me if you're not already!!!! thank you...
I may never hold you, may never tast your warm sweet lips, may never see the moonlight, shineing brightly in your eyes, with my arms around you, where I so long to be, but know that I think of you, in everything I do, you give my life meaning, help me make it through the night, your the reason that I breath, you give my world it's light, Your The Insperation...
Wishes I Stand in front of you But I feel so far away Wish I could just touch you But I’m scared of the price I pay I endlessly dream of you But night always fades away Wish I could just speak to you But I don’t know what to say I’m right in front of you But I feel so far away Wish I could just be with you But I’m scared of the games you play Wish I could show you What I hide within my heart Wish I could show you How you’re tearing me apart You could run with me Into eternity But instead I’m down here bleeding Down on my knees Can you hear my cries in the night Can you feel my eyes on you When you look back at me What do you see Is it the same as I do You could run with me Into eternity But instead I’m down here bleeding Down on my knees I know I can’t go on being such a fool Know I can’t go on hiding from you I know I can’t go on playing this charade But I can’t destroy this mask that I made I know I’m next to you But I feel so far away
Love Survey¢¾ You must answer every question TRUTHFULLY! [01] Do you still have feelings for your ex? [02] Have you ever been given roses? [03] What is your all-time favorite romance movie? [04] How many times have you honestly been in love? [05] Do you believe that everyone has a soul-mate? [07] Have you ever had your heart broken? [8] Your thoughts on online or long distance relationships? [9] Have you ever seen a friend as more than a friend? [10] Do you believe the statement, "Once a cheater always a cheater" [11] How many kids do you want to have? [12] What is your favorite color(s)? [13] What are your views on gay marriage? [14] Do you believe you truly only love once? [15] Imagine you're 79 & your spouse just died, would you re-marry? [16] At what age did you start noticing the opposite sex? [17] What song do you want to hear at your wedding? [18] Do you know someone who likes you? [19] Do yo
Why is it that we leave the ones we LOVE for the ones we just simply LIKE!!!! I am so confused on why I left the one man that truly made me happy for someone that makes me so miserable. Can anyone possibly help me out and give me some good advice. I really hate myself for what I have done too. Well if anyone can help please do. Take care and I will BLOG again soon.
i dun konw about love .. i was so loney since i was young.. i got no brother no sister. and i never thing about love. until i met with my love missy.. when i met with her i feel something can't explaing the feeling. my heart beat is so fast and i dun dare to talk to her. i m not a idiot actually.. but .. the feeling is trange.. is that call love? fuck it's so complecated.
GET A FUCKING LIFE! seriously folks, you get entirely TOO wapped up in this site, and many other sites like it. cliques, caring about what people think of you, if you get a low rating, fussing and feuding, "ct marriages", get fucking real. the REAL world is too big and too beautiful to be concerned with an over abundance of petty and simple minds on this site. GO REALIZE THAT! i just had a mumm deleted because it was "not safe for work". it was a poll to see what kind of ASS people prefer, small and tight or fat and jiggly. i got a few votes before some one (i think it was that goth country chick) voted it not safe for work. never in my adult life has ASS been offensive. every single person has got one. the pics i put on the mumm were not racy. you couldn't see any vag or anything; on was covered the the had a thong and jeans. but this "mature" site found that offensive. bottom line is this... the rules on this site are a joke. even myspace would let me post pictures of chicks b
Take a sip for happiness At least that’s what you think it is It brings you somewhere new So that you won’t be blue Unconsciously dying Your inside is crying Please stop lying And be true to your heart I know what is happening to you I know what you should do Your losing control It’s eating your soul It’s bringing you to an end Is this what you want my friend? Gain control of your life Don’t let it be the last knife In your heart you know I’m right about your control It’s non-existent in you Your drink owns you But you don’t have one problem Because your drink can solve them Before you can think You open another And take a drink Your losing control It’s eating your soul It’s bringing you to an end Is this what you want my friend? It brings you to some place Far out in outer space But you’re all alone Your empty bottle is your home No one left to turn to Everyone else has left you But all you need is your drink At least that’s what you think
The scene is by the fire in a remote campgrounds by Niagra. The setting is by a warm soothing fire on a cool night, we have spent all day enjoying each others company by one of the 7 .wonders of the world.. I look into your eyes drinking them in before i move down and gently part your delicate folds with my tounge, Sounds of my loving reach your ears. you shift your ass to accomodate my need to taste your sweet juices, My tongue slides in deeper. My hot wet muscle moves up and down your slit. Your clit is swollen with need. My teeth nibble gently and one of my fingers is slid between your moist lips. I hear "Oh god!" as your body responds to my caresses, releasing more fluid. I can see your head moving right to left with each lap of My tongue. You watch as I move my head back and forth on your sex. A second finger slides in with the first, both begin to slip and slide along my walls carefully finding your special spot. Passion pumps through your veins. Your hips thrust forward, bri
every get that thought about how can someone say 'i love you'? well im wondering that right now. i was recently bitten by a brown recluse. i told the man that claims he loves me thru a instant msg a few days ago when it happened (thats the only means bc he's in iraq) and i can understand him not saying anything about it or getting back with me bc he's been busy. well tonight while talking to him and agrueing about somethin else i mention it again. saying you know i expected to you show some concern about me telling you that i got bitten by a brown recluse but no nothing. and he's like sorry ive been treating gsw. ok i understand that, and i let it go. just waiting to see if it crosses his mind to ask about it, i wait and wait and wait, nope still nothing. so as im getting off to go take a shower im like oh btw i mentioned it again and you still show no concern so nvm forget about it. still he says nothing which this time is fine means he's listening, good for him. but i cant help but w
perfect mate There is this DVD Called the secret. And it saz that if you ask for something and belive in it you will get it.. So after many yrs of BAD relationships I am trying this.. I belive in this because i have seen it work. So here we go He Will Be...... Smart Funny Kind Want to have an open line of Communication with me. Share in all the responsablities of a household. Love My childern Have a good relationship with his family. He will love his mother. He will be my bestfriend His Family will love me My family will love him He will be spirtial He will be goal orented. And work towards his goals and mine He will be successful in everything he does he will love his job as much as i love mine He will want to take me outand do nice things for me He will be clean and sober He'll be handsome Tall over 6'1 Blue or Green eyes He'll have a nice body(with meat on his bones) He will be fit He;ll have a Masstiff he'll love going camping Hewill go on vac
well just checking in on the news in ur guys life's letting u know im still here keep in touch cool see ya hi there im holli i just learned about this today its really cool and its a please i know im going to like
White Trash Beautiful, Trailor Park Queen She slings hash at the diner from 11 to 5 She married a boy from school, thought he was oh so cool But all he can do for money is drive Out late haulin' freight on Interstate 5, prayin' he'll see home before his baby arrive. White Trash Beautiful, There's something you should know My heart belongs to you I know you coulda found a better guy I'll love you till the day I die I swear to God it's true I'm comin' home to you I'm comin' home to you girl. He lights a cigarette, his eyes half open He won't be home tonight, but she keeps hopin' Drinkin himself to sleep is his only way of copein' She waits for him every night, she leaves the front door open It's 4 AM and doin 95, Tryin to stay awake and make it home alive. White Trash Beautiful, There's something you should know My heart belongs to you I know you coulda found a better guy I'll love you till the day I die I swear to God it's true I'm comin' home to you I'm c
why is it everytime that something happens it is always my fault. my brother is looking for something that is at our house. no big deal i told him that i would find it. well i tryed to find it and where it is at is the spare bedroom that we keep our junk in. my daughter and her cousin have toys in there so it is now our junk toy room. anyway i had put this thing in a heart shaped basket when i was going to move out. well i didnt end up moving anyway. so we put the stuff that i packed it the spare bedroom. it was somewhat cleaned up untill my old mans brother moved in and he cleaned up a spot for him in the room. anyway this is turning out long and i didnt want that so. now im being blamed for not putting it back in it spot. i understand that but i thought that i did put it back and now i cant find it at all. well im a little pissed so ill ttyl bye
We Are the Other People by Oberon (Otter) Zell "Ding-dong!" goes the doorbell. Is it Avon calling? Or perhaps Ed McMahon with my three million dollars? No, it's Yahweh's Witlesses again, just wanting to have a nice little chat about the Bible... Boy, did they ever come to the wrong house! So we invite them in: "Enter freely and of your own will..." (Hey, it's Sunday morning, nothing much going on, why not have a little entertainment?) Diane and I amuse ourselves watching their expressions as they check out the living room: great horned owl on the back of my chair; ceremonial masks and medicine skulls of dragons and unicorns on the wall; crystals, wands, staffs, swords; lots of Goddess figures and several altars; boa constrictors draped in amorous embrace over the elkhorn; white doves sitting in the hanging planters; cats and weasels underfoot; iron dragon snorting steam atop the wood stove; posters and paintings of wizards and dinosaurs and witchy women, some proudly naked; sc
I ain't got no money I ain't got no car to take you on a date I can't even buy you flowers But together we'll be the perfect soul mates Talk to me girl Oh, baby, it's alright now, you ain't gotta flaunt for me If we go dutch, you can still touch my love, it's free We can work without the perks just you and me Thug it out 'til we get it right Baby if you strip, you can get a tip 'Cause I like you just the way you are (I'm about to strip and I want it quick Can you handle me the way I are?) I don't need the G's or the car keys Boy I like you just the way you are Let me see you strip, you can get a tip 'Cause I like, I like, I like I ain't got no Visa I ain't got no Red American Express We can't go nowhere exotic It don't matter 'cause I'm the one that love you best Talk to me girl Oh, baby, it's alright now, you ain't gotta flaunt for me If we go dutch, you can still touch my love, it's free We can work without the perks just you and me Thug it out 'til w
I wish to thank each and every one of you that came to help me level you guys totally rock and I am proud to be in a group as caring as all of you. Thanks again Sharon
"Making Memories Of Us" I'm gonna be here for you baby I'll be a man of my word Speak the language in a voice that you have never heard I wanna sleep with you forever And I wanna die in your arms In a cabin by a meadow where the wild bees swarm And I'm gonna love you like nobody loves you And I'll earn your trust making memories of us I wanna honor your mother I wanna learn from your pa I wanna steal your attention like a bad outlaw I wanna stand out in a crowd for you A man among men I wanna make your world better than it's ever been And I'm gonna love you like nobody loves you And I'll earn your trust making memories of us We'll follow the rainbow Wherever the four winds blow And there'll be a new day Comin' your way I'm gonna be here for you from now on This you know somehow You've been stretched to the limits but it's alright now And I'm gonna make you this promise If there's life aft
J-LeeDate: Aug 19, 2007 7:11 AMhref='http://www.msplinks.com/MDFodHRwOi8vcHJvZmlsZS5teXNwYWNlLmNvbS9pbmRleC5jZm0/ZnVzZWFjdGlvbj11c2VyLnZpZXdwcm9maWxlJmZyaWVuZGlkPTQ4MzAyNzU0Jk15VG9rZW49MzMwZTg0MjYtZTk3Zi00MWU0LTg0ZmEtZGYwMWNmZjQ5ZjUy'>CusickDate: Aug 16, 2007 1:17 AMPlease watch her story and share it with others. It is a TRAGIC story but one that must be shared. Hopefully her story will touch your heart and you will be willing to step up to the plate and help children who can't help themselves.If you want to help out, please repost. she was such a beautiful little girl.I cannot believe someone so heartless could allow something like this to happen.please please please repost this ! (Click Reply To Poster and copy codes into a new bulliten)
what is love but a passing moment what is love but lust on a hi,when you tell me you love me i know it is a lie, when you tell me you care, do you?? do you even know my name?? do you know that i cry when you say it wrong, do you know i know you lie when you say it wrong??? you dont lust me love me or care, you just want to penatrate me pull on my hair...do i know your name do you even damn care??? i know your name, i knew ever stand of your hair, love is not earneed it is not something you find is it something that is learned when you want for it through time!!!! WHAT By Satondra
Did you ever love someone, yet know, they had no love for you? Did you ever want to cry, yet think, what good would it do? Did you ever gaze into their eyes, and say a silent prayer? Did you ever look real closely, yet see, no love was there? Did you ever see them walking, in the candle light's glow, Thinking, how you love them so, yet, you can never let them know? Please don't fall in love, dear friend, it really doesn't pay, It's not worth the pain and heartache, that it causes every day. Did you ever think of where they are, and wonder if they are being true? One moment, you are walking on the clouds, the next you are sad and blue. Love can be magical, yet can hurt too much, and the price you pay, so high. If I had a choice between love and death, I think I'd choose to die. Please, don't fall in love, dear friend, it will only hurt, before it's through. You see, dear friend, I really know, for I fell in love...with you. ~Goddess_Veronique~
What Saysha Means You are the total package - suave, sexy, smart, and strong. You have the whole world under your spell, and you can influence almost everyone you know. You don't always resist your urges to crush the weak. Just remember, they don't have as much going for them as you do. You are usually the best at everything ... you strive for perfection. You are confident, authoritative, and aggressive. You have the classic "Type A" personality. You are a free spirit, and you resent anyone who tries to fence you in. You are unpredictable, adventurous, and always a little surprising. You may miss out by not settling down, but you're too busy having fun to care. You are truly an original person. You have amazing ideas, and the power to carry them out. Success comes rather easily for you... especially in business and academia. Some people find you to be selfish and a bit overbearing. You're a strong person. What's Your Name's Hidden Meaning? "What do yo
Gone by Gina Goodwin 9/10/2007 Where did you go? won't you please tell me.. I really need to know. I can't handle this life it's become such a mess i want so much more, but ended up with much less. did you leave on purpose? did i push you away wont you please forgive me... why can't you just stay? everyone always goes away no one gives me time time to say I'm sorry, that I was out of line. My whole life, I lived for you. I did everything you wanted.... I see you when my eyes are closed You left my life haunted. I will never stop missing you, or wishing you were here. Losing you always was and always will be my only fear. I love you Momma mom...thinking of you 9-4-2007 by gina goodwin do you really think it's fair? the way you went away? do you think it gets easier living day by day? well i doesn't get any easier no way, not by far.... i spend many days just thinking about y
if you have no comprehension skills please, remove yourself from my friends list and from my albums and from my shoutbox or i'll block you. i've had to block three people in the last hour because it's not worth the frustration of explaining things that i've FULLY FUCKING EXPLAINED. If you do not speak english or can't type it... doesn't matter... if you can say do you have yahoo, you should be able to READ "I don't have yahoo." seriously, guys come the fuck on here, this is fucking ridiculous. do you go to a bar and say to a chick "take your clothes off now so i can see you naked" ... no... so stop fucking doing it here. Much love to people worth talking to Sin
I'm curious as to how many of you actually read the things i post... I don't mean the stash updates or the silly blog posts... those i can see by who goes from the stash to the items or views/comments on blogs... what i want to know is have you honestly taken any time to read about me? Did you read it when I posted the bulliten? Do you ever glance through my Dunno Stash (the SFW poetry I've written), or the Ramblings blog (containing both SFW and NSFW writing)? When you went through to rate them, did you read them? or did you just click the button? And please be honest, if you're just here for the pictures, that's awesome too, as an exhibitionist, that's awesome, but i'm curious as to who actually wonders about the person in the pictures... Please comment either way, just so i know ;) Sin
Well it seems that Mother Nature, God, or just that pesky little thing known as life has decided to disrupt what I thought was going to be it. For the last 7 years all I've wanted and asked for is to go 1 year without someone that I cared about dieing, I thought I was going to make it this year, but life decided to throw me a curve ball. While no one has yet died, my relationship of several years did. It was not my choice, I thought she was the one, but she had other plans. So for the last few weeks I've been absent from this site, keeping to myself and healing myself. I don't know if anyone on here even really cares about why I disappeared, but on the off chance that someone does, I've decided to post the reason why.
A woman, fair of face and long of leg is standing on the G.W. Bridge preparing to jump. "Life is no good to me!", she thinks and steels herself for the rush of air as she plummets to her doom. Just then, a merchant-marine shows up, screeches to a halt and hops out of his car. "What are you doing?", he asks. She responds by saying, "Life is awful - I'm going to end it all!" With a look of sincerest pity, the marine says, "Listen, don't jump. I'm about to be shipped out to the Mediterranean. Why don't you come along with me. I'll stow you away on the ship, and when we get to the other side of the ocean, I'll give you a little money to get started - you can start a whole new life! All I ask in return is gratuitous sex on the trip over." The woman considers this, thinking "A new life! - for a little sex?" Not only would she get a new life out of the deal, but the marine IS kinda handsome - sex won't be so bad at all. "OK", she agreed. And with that, the marine took her
(repost of original by 'Heartistic Soul' on '2007-10-01 09:42:25') (repost of original by 'Tiny' on '2007-10-01 12:17:41')
the MushroomHead/Psyclon 9 show is this sunday!!!!aahhhhh!! and we just added a show at The Engine Room on Halloween night, as part of HaVoK's COSTUME NIGHT PARTY!!! so get your asses costumed up and be there wednesday bitches!!!!! no need for fake blood, your good buddies from Cerebral Down will spew all you need...muahahaha!! ill put the flyer up as soon as its done....... my(our) band, Cerebral Down, is opening for MushroomHead/Phsyclon9 on October28 at The Meridian. im selling the few remaining tickets we have left, but, i would hope to see you guys there!!!
this is something i copied from Crystal GIRLS IN MY CIRCLE When I was little, I used to believe in the concept of one best friend, and then I started to become a woman. And then I found out that if you allow your heart to open up, God would show you the best in many friends. One friend is needed when you're going through things with your man. Another friend is needed when you're going through things with your mom. Another will sit beside you in the bleachers as you delight in your children and their activities. Another when you want to shop, share, heal, hurt, joke, or just be. One friend will say, 'Let's cry together,' another, 'Let's fight together,' another, 'Let's walk away together.' One friend will meet your spiritual need, another your shoe fetish, another your love for movies, another will be with you in your season of confusion, another will be your clarifier, another the wind beneath your wings. But whatever their assignment i
The Marine's Prayer Almighty Father , whose command is over all and whose love never fails, make me aware of Thy presence and obedient to Thy will. Keep me true to my best self, guarding me against dishonesty in purpose and deed and helping me to live so that I can face my fellow Marines, my loved ones and Thee without shame or fear. Protect my family. Give me the will to do the work of a Marine and to accept my share of responsibilities with vigor and enthusiasm. Grant me the courage to be proficient in my daily performance. Keep me loyal and faithful to my superiors and to the duties my country and the Marine Corps have entrusted to me. Make me considerate of those committed to my leadership. Help me to wear my uniform with dignity, and let it remind me daily of the traditions which I must uphold. If I am inclined to doubt, steady my faith; if I am tempted, make me strong to resist; if I should miss the mark, give me courage to try again. Guide me with the light of truth and g
The Zombie Mask While getting head from your favorite, unsuspecting, trash-barrel whore, tell her you want her to look right up at you with those pretty little eyes" when you blow your load. Then, just when you're ready to spew a good week's worth of goo, blast that hefty load in both eyes. This temporary state of blindness will produce the zombie effect as she stumbles around the room with arms outstretched, and moaning like the walking dead. The Carpet Cleaner While banging a girl doggy style, tie her arms behind her back, lift up her hips, and run around the room pushing her face first across the carpet. Not recommended with large women. Dog In A Bathtub This is a proper name for when you attempt to insert your nuts into a girl's ass. It is so named because it can be just as hard as keeping a dog in the tub while giving it a bath.
I have a friend who need some friends so please click the link and make friends with her please. shawty with the apple bottom booty@ fubar
these 2 ppl ppl are good friends of mine and need help to godfather so plz help them plz ÐJ ®Øó™@ fubar ^sin^@ fubar
Can you cry under water? How important does a person have to be before they are considered assassinated instead of just murdered? Why do you have to "put your two cents in".. . but it's only a "penny for your thoughts"? Where's that extra penny going to? Once you're in heaven, do you get stuck wearing the clothes you were buried in for eternity? Why does a round pizza come in a square box? What disease did cured ham actually have? How is it that we put man on the moon before we figured out it would be a good idea to put wheels on luggage? Why is it that people say they "slept like a baby" when babies wake up like every two hours? If a deaf person has to go to court, is it still called a hearing? Why are you IN a movie, but you're ON TV? Why do people pay to go up tall buildings and then put money in binoculars to look at things on the ground? Why do doctors leave the room while you change? They're going to see you naked anyway. W
Ok so I'm kinda pissed off. I used to meet guys on line and they never worked out. So about 6 months ago I get introduced to a guy who is friends with my neighbors. He was definitely a hottie...all american looks, blonde hair blue eyes nice body...an electrician. So, after a couple of months of flirting around we decide hey lets try this dating thing. And we did. Of course we had to deal with his schedule. His company sends him out of town a lot. But he always called me...every night. But things started to change. The first was when he cancelled our date because he was stoned. I knew he drank and smoked pot. Back in the day he did hard core stuff but he cleaned himself up with the exception of pot. Even that he didn't do all the time though. So anyway, he knew I didn't like him smoking pot and he would chose to get high and cancel dates with me. Ok so now my family throws me a surprise 40th birthday party. He's supposed to bring me. He had to work late but he promises me(af
REPLY IN A PRIVATE MESSAGE TO ME WITH YOUR ANSWERS. DONT BE AFRAID. YOU NEVER KNOW WHO WILL REPLY OR WHAT ANSWERS THEY WILL GIVE. EVEN IF YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND OR GIRLFRIEND OR HUSBAND OR WIFE - REPOST THIS! LET THE FUN BEGIN........ 1.Your Name: 2.Age: 3.Favorite position: 4. Do you think I'm cute? 5. Would you have sex with me? 6. lights on or off? 7. Would you have to be drunk? 8.Would you take a shower with me? 9.Have you ever thought about having sex with me? 10.Would you leave after or stay the night? 11.Do you like cuddling afterwards? 14.Condom or skin? 15.Have sex on the first date? 16.Would you kiss me during sex? 17.Do you think I would be good in bed? 18. Would you use me as a booty call? 19.Can I use you as a booty call? 20.Can we take pictures of the act? 21.How long would we have sex? 22.Would you tell your friends about me? 29.Will you post this so I can fill it out for you? SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE SEND THIS BACK TO YOU! TITLE IT-Naughty Appli
You think its so easy To hide behind your fancy clothes Your beautiful makeup You think you have everybody fooled And you know what Maybe you do But not to me I can see the pain there etched in your soul I can see the emptyness of your heart You're searching for that meaning Just like the rest of us So come down from the clouds Among those of who have been there And discovered that Being real Is the only way to go Let me take you To the places in my dreams Let me show you That things are not always As they seem Let me take you Past reality Let me show you What you can do If you dare Take my hand Close your eyes Paint the sky Feel the wind Don't let anybody else in Paint the sky Feel the wind Don't let anybody else in I think They expected me to be amazing And I just didn't fit the grade it was all a charade I can't be what they expected I'm only me I'm only who I've decided to be As real and raw as they come Fake and glazed to those
Well tonight I went out with two new friends from here to Happy Bar. It was such a blast! Got to sing alot! John and Deana are a fun couple. I grew up in rancho Cordova and never knew the place was there. Out in the middle of the boondocks! lol Check out the pics.
To a little guy who has a big place in my heart, will miss ya but you will always be there! Don't grieve for me, for now I'm free; I'm following the path God laid for me. I took His hand when I heard Him call; I turned my back and left it all. I could not stay another day, To laugh, to love, to work or play. Tasks left undone must stay that way; I found that place at the close of day. If my parting has left a void, Then fill it with remembered joy. A friendship shared, a laugh, a kiss; Ah yes, these things, I too, will miss. Be not burdened with times of sorrow; I wish you the sunshine of tomorrow. My life's been full, I savored much; Good friends, good times, a loved one's touch. Perhaps my time seemed all too brief; Don't lengthen it now with undue grief. Lift up your heart and share with me; God wanted me now, He set me free.
As forward as I move, I guess it is time to make it into 2007. Welcome to my first blog. I have no idea how this thing works. I guess kinda like an online diary...My thoughts...Well, is there a limit to blogs size? I have to admit, I do like this place. It is definately more exciting, and promotes networking and talking more than myhell. One day I think I will definately be adding a second. I think for now, I will see how this works. Hopefully it posts right. It can't be that hard can it? I mean, 12 year olds do it...LOL!
A Failure (her) skewed thoughts rambled brain smoking drugs take away the pain (her) world is out of order she can clearly see that this isn't her life and was never meant to be (just) a small shake from her mothers head leads to her guilt and anger and a walk with the dead imagin you here cold and alone running out of luck and running away from home make it by yourself but fail the whole time as the ravenged, black heart cries as you walk that fine line dont you forget dont you lie this is the life you didnt choose to sit,wait, and die this is my pain i fear everyday to wake up and look... ...im still alive... and i say, "why isn't this over?!" "why can't it be done?!" (looks to the sky screaming) "you've already won!" night falls on my lost and lonely heart waiting for the sunrise when it will all restart
Check out my published book. Here is the link, http://www.publishamerica.com/shopping/shopdisplayproducts.asp?catalogid=26665 If you want to buy my book just follow that link. I hope you enjoy poems and reading and maybe this book will change your heart a little bit. You are my flower!! "god gave us children so that we can get flowers in december." you are my celestial star my shinning angel. some say love last forever, for tender reasons. Love conquers all and life continues. But love, my child is a flower and you are my seed. You are my heart afraid of waking. My flower that lives forever. Some say love last forever. And you my child are my only seed. My soul is afraid of dying, i never learned to live but you my love will continue. You are my flower, my celestial being!!! Just remember, i always loved you and i will always be by your side. I may make a river loving you, but love is worth it, i say love it is a flower and you are my seed. You are my heart afrai
Air Conditioner Caution: Avoid dropping air conditioners out of windows. Blow Dryer Warning: Do not use while sleeping. Vacuum Cleaner 1. Do not use to pick up gasoline or flammable liquids 2. Do not use to pick up anything that is currently burning. Fast Food Chain Coffee Warning - Contents may be hot. Carbonated Drinks Bottles Contents under pressure. Cap may blow off causing eye or other serious injury. Point away from face and people, especially when opening. Computers Keyboard not detected. Press F1 to continue Snacks Bag You could be a winner! No purchase necessary. Details inside. Mouthwash WARNING: If an amount considerably larger than being used is swallowed, seek professional assistance or contact a poison control center immediately. Ferrous Sulfate Contains iron. Infant Drops This formula may cause drowsiness, if affected do not operate heavy machinery or drive a vehicle. Childrens Cough Medicine Do not drive a car or run machinery.
for you I love you completely from the dimples in your eyes to the kisses you give so sweetly you make me smile when no one else can you make it all better your my kinda man I dont know how you do it and probably never will the way you make my body flutter even when i am standing still I hate that you have to leave And i miss you all the time but i know you will come home and when you do you are still mine So my prayer is that you are safe in everything you do Cause your love is home waiting waiting just for you I know its tough and work is hard but i love you so much believe with your heart I love and miss you baby come home safe to me forever i will be faithful and true til i can hold you in my arms once again
I think I'm going to take a break from the FU for a while. Too much bullshit going on. People too into themselves and the bullshit drama that goes on. When I first started with this site, it was fun, people were nice, and they didn't act holier than thou. Now it seems like people get their feelings hurt at the drop of a hat. So for my own sanity I think it's best that I take this well deserved break and try to concentrate on getting well and getting back to work. To those who are good and decent and have been around and not changed.. thanks for the good times.
Well it has been one hell of a new year so far. I like my new job that I started about the last of December after being fired from my last one that I was with for two long years. Things seem to happen for the best and so far this is one of the best things that has happened to me. Well Miranda and I have been together for 7 months now and I couldn't be happier. She is the first thing I think of when I wake up and the last thing on my mind when I fall asleep. It has gotten to the point that we don't even have to complete a sentence and each of us know what we are trying to say. She has opened my eyes and heart to a whole new world of emotion that I have never had the pleasure of feeling before. I love her so much. Her son has even gotten to the point that when he sees me he hugs me. It's just to damn cute. Just got done shooting my scene in my friends movie called Divine Intervention. If it wins it will be shown at the IMAX. Now people will see my ugly ass on a screen that will ma
February 4th I will be flying to ILL. which means from 1-24-07 until probably the 6th I will have no internet and will be fubarless. I can't wait to move back home though.
Instructions...... Once you have been tagged, you have to write a blog with 10 weird or random things, facts, or habits about yourself. At the end, you choose at least 5 people to be tagged, listing their names . Don't forget to leave a comment that says, "You're it!" on their profile and ask them to read your blog. You can't tag the person who tagged you. 1) I smoke way to much 2) I have 1 tatoo but plaining on more 3) I fight fires for free 4) I get told i flirt way to much 5) I really can't think of anything else that is strange about me. So I quess I i am just a boring kinda person.. I am tagging: Taryn John Merci Walt Terri
Here's to Love......Happy Valentine's Day Subject: A Love Story A man and a woman who had never met before, and were both married to other people, found themselves assigned to the same sleeping room on a trans-continental train. Though initially embarrassed and uneasy over sharing a room, they were both very tired and fell asleep quickly, he in the upper bunk and she in the lower. At 1:00 AM, the man leaned down and gently woke the woman saying, "Ma'am, I'm sorry to bother you, but would you be willing to reach into the closet to get me a second blanket? I'm awfully cold." "I have a better idea," she replied. "Just for tonight, let's pretend we're married." "Wow! That's a great idea!" he exclaimed. "Good," she replied. "Get your own damn blanket." After a moment of silence, he farted. The End
----------------- Bulletin Message ----------------- From: CHIQUITA Date: Feb 14, 2008 1:52 PM : //kay..tee....Date: Feb 13, 2008 9:37 PM----------------- Bulletin Message -----------------From: BenDate: Feb 13, 2008 6:13 PM----------------- Bulletin Message -----------------From: JordanDate: Feb 13, 2008 3:58 PMTurn up your volume too theres a song!You stay up for 16 hours.He stays up for days on end.You take a warm shower to help you wake up.He goes days or weeks without running water.You complain of a "headache", and call in sick.He gets shot at as others are hit, and keeps moving forward.You put on your anti war/don't support the troops shirt, and go meet up with your friends.He still fights for your right to wear that shirt.You talk trash about your "buddies" that aren't with you.He knows he may not see some of his buddies again.You walk down the beach, staring at all the pretty girls.He patrols the streets, searching for insurgents and terrorists...You complain about how h
My Fubar By: Deborah A. Boyd There was a time I was reluctant Afraid of what I may find A fear of something different And now I wonder why But eventually I came to you And wow am I surprised To find so many people here So dear and were so kind I’ve come to care for all of you Enjoy you company each day I wouldn’t change a part of it As I really like it this way Even though for some of you You come and go on here I take a part of you with me You are always with me there So take a part of me with you As you read what I have said And remember when life gets so bad You have your fubar friends right there!
Don’t Understand By: Deborah Boyd I just don’t understand Some people these days Who play with emotions In a heartless way They think you are blind Desperate and such To believe you’re naïve To realize so much You give them a chance To prove yourself wrong In hopes they are truthful So you can be strong But the gut feelings you get Are yet again there Telling you to be careful There is something to fear So trust in your heart Believe in yourself And life will go on Never doubt how you feel It will never lead you wrong.
Red Skull i really need to get my "FU-level" up some so it would be greatly appreciated if some of you could promote me a little bit....thanks!
ok so i started playing this game trukz its actually really fun. your a truck driver and you deliver stuff and its basically like a online sim. heres a link to it. btw my account user name is mant1989 like you couldn't guess hehe add me to your friends on the game if you like. Trukz - A trucking simulation game
I have pulled a muscle in my neck therefore i have been in a lot of pain and barely able to move my neck and not sleeping well at night cause of it,I am on painkillers and anti inflamatorys for 10 days once i feel better and i am not in pain then you will probably see me around more
In the morning, when I get of bed thoughts of you are goin thru my head, in the afternoon I think about all the things we can do thru the night - I think about me & u - In the evening, I think of me & u- thinkin about u in ure night gear...I work all day,and It's hard for me too concentrate....All I ever do is think of me & u, All I do is think of me & u....u got me goin crazy...I always get turned on, never turned out by any woman, but I think for this instance, its different....All I do, is think of me & u....
I feel left out, when I stalk someone and they pop to a blog I can't read! I have met quite a few jack asses in my day---But I found the one for me :)
The person in the link below is one of the biggest scam artist on here. she will cry a river saying she will delete her self b/c no one rates her pics at all. Guys only want to rate her NSFW pics of her. If that was the case then take them off. DUHHHHHHHHHHHH! Well every single week i would go to her page and rate her SFW pics. never once would i ask to see the other pics at all. cause i could care less about them. When i was going to rate her pics this week i found out i was blocked for no reason at all. i have no idea y either. So i asked someone else that i know that was her friend and this person was blocked too. This person would do the same and go a step further. This person would buy the person in the link below 3 bling packs, 7 day blast and 150 on her auction. What did this person get out of it? Well really nothing. He basically got kicked to the curb like a piece of shit. As well he was blocked too. So just a far warring to everyone on here. beware of pe
I know when looking for a bombing family, you look towards one with family loyalty.With the family I'm going to start,there will be loyalty,as well as respect from your brothers/sisters..Most important, support when you need it! It won't be like anything you've seen, on this site or any other.. What I'm proposing to do is accept members on a bike club rule system. You must prove your loyalty to become a member of this family.However you will not be asked to do more then show your willingness to bomb/level as needed, and prove that you can be a trusted and loyal member of this family..As such a probationary period(prospecting)will be necessary. Club patchs will be given out as loyalty to the family as shown..Any questions speak to a club officer..President, Vice President, Sgt.@Arms& Security, or Secretary..This is proving to be one of the greatest family's on Fu,Join us now! If you have what it takes you'll have an full patch like this one! ¶PÃIЙT€Я™ Pre
A woman at the nightclub Crobar on Saturday night was taken by 5 men, who according to hospital and police reports, gang raped her before dumping her. Unable to remember the events of the evening, tests later confirmed the repeat rapes along with traces of Rohypnol in her blood, with Progesterex, which is essentially a small sterilization pill. The drug is now being used by rapists at parties to rape and sterilize their victims. Progesterex is available to vets to sterilize large animals. Rumor has it that Progesterex is being used together with Rohypnol, the date rape drug. As with Rohypnol, all they have to do is drop it into the girls drink. The girl can't remember a thing the next morning, of all that had taken place the night before. Progesterex, which dissolves in drinks just as easily, is such that the victim doesn't conceive from the rape and the rapist needn't worry about having a paternity test identifying him months later. The drugs effects are not temporary- They are perman
Welcome to the page of Shayne and Barbara! We live in a little town in north central West Virginia. We are a happily married couple that views life a little differently then most. As you learn more about us, you will understand why. I (Shayne) am retired military, and currently work as a shift manager in a bowling alley. I will be doing most of the blogging on our page for reasons which I will explain later. OK, let's get right to the heart of the matter, Barb nor I are seeking anything from anyone, we want to share knowledge, to help others, in the area of stroke survival and recovery. Barb last year at the young age of 44, had a stroke, it is undetermined at by the Doc's exactly what caused it, none the less, it happened. Barb is currently diagnosed as fully disabled, and is comfortable staying at home. In the past year, Barb and I have learned alot about strokes, and what they can do to a person, the family and their lifestyle. It is not all hopeless though. This
Now's your chance to own the Monkey Johnny Chimpo is up for Auction Who's got the courage to try and own this Monkey? Is it YOU? I'm Johnny Chimpo and I approve this message Contest ends 12:00 pm PST on 6/13
I'm doing this for someone that is very special to me. This person has been like a mother to me and has been there for me time and time again when i needed. Her name is Shelly and i have included a pic of her in this. She is a very kind, genuine, amazing woman to know. I have total respect for her and for her family! I came across a blog that Shelly has wrote about her nephew Richard. Which i have included in this and as well a pic of him too! http://blog.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=blog.view&friendID=60685916&blogID=406152586 Her nephew Richard was in a tragic car accident that cost him his life. He was a 24 yr old young man that served in the U.S Army as a medic. He served 18 months over seas in Iraq. So he is one of Americas hero's in my eyes. I have never talked to Richard at all. But if he is like his aunt Shelly, then he must of been one of the most amazing guys out there to know and be friends with. Richard will be remembered by his mom (Julie), his
So everyone knows Brett the nice guy....I talk to people i listen....I wear my heart on my sleeve...and i trust people because nobody gives me the reason to suspect their lieing.....AND I AM A FIRST CLASS DUMBASS FOR DOING SO!!! People on fubar are you for 1 thing and 1 thing only....themselves!!! They dont give a damn about anyone else! I trusted someone recently....with a lot.....What a bonehead i am! So heres the thing....This website is not a place for a nice guy....Sorry but been here for awhile and nice guys....They get the short end of the stick....So fuck it...Im tired of it and i am done. From now on DTA...Don't Trust Anybody. So Being the Nice Guy its not working for me...yeah my name is Brett...I am a nice guy.....How i was on here is actually how i am in life pretty much....BUT that was not good enough for Fubar...and some of the fucked up people thats on it... So lets see how they like the asshole in me....AKA Caedus
Instructions..... Once you have been tagged, you have to write a blog with 10 weird or random things, facts, or habits about yourself. At the end, you choose at least 6 people to be tagged, listing their names. Don't forget to leave a comment that says, "you're it!" on their profile and ask them to read your blog. You can't tag the person who tagged you.... 1. I have cheated death more times then I care to count 2. I had a heart attack almost 2 years ago 3. I love to cook 4. I have met more famous people then I can remember. (Got drunk with Garth Brooks) 5. I collect music. 6. I watch sports (All Colorado Teams) 7. I always wear My glasses 8. I am poor too Windy don't feel so bad 9. I am addicted to fubar Too 10. last, but not least, I enjoy giving long back rubs..any volunteers? haha I tagged Sweetest Cherry Pie, Broken Angel, Darlin Dee, Lifes a Beach, Proud Mommy of 2 and Wyorose
Ok so I rant alot that is part of my personality. I see and hear about issues that piss me the hell off then I go on a rant. So here is my rant. Ready If i hear one more nutless person bitch about the price of gas I am going to scream. Not a I;m being raped scream but a I am going to blow up the world scream. I hear omg Bush sucks Omg I hate these prices. Well for fucks sake I have a question. What the hell have you done about it cept bitch a whole lot. I mean we know how to stop the shit. Just stop pumping damn gas. I know u gotta go to work and support your families but fuck.. Have you wrote congress ....and don't tell me that does no good cuzz I;ll call quick bullshit on that. I held a write congress drive in my homestate of TN to get Jessica's law passed here in two weeks our governor was on it. You get enough pissed off people blowing up your email and your gonna see results. i am planning a bitch about gas to congress drive soon and I HOPE that people will grow balls and at leas
Hi everyone, thanks for taking a moment to read this... I have been dealing with some major issues that keep me from being online as much as I have been in the past, hopefully these issues will be resolved quickly... Much love to you guys! Muah! Cin Letter to People Without Hepatitis & Liver Disease Having Hepatitis means many things change and a lot of them are invisible. Unlike having cancer or being hurt in an accident, most people do not understand even a little about HCV and its effects and of those that think they know, many are actually misinformed. In the spirit of informing those who wish to understand, these are the things that I would like you to understand about me before you judge me. Please understand that being sick doesn't mean I'm not still a human being. I have to spend most of my day in considerable pain and exhaustion and if you visit I probably don't seem like much fun to be with, but I'm still me stuck inside this body. I still worry about life and work and
Hi again Me and Porl have been discussing the " profile comments problem. We have decided the following : That when Bex is at school or in bed we will switch it back so that the comments go straight on the profile page and dont need permission etc it is then up to us whether we delete them or not. But when her ladyship is about lol ... the pending comment approval will apply. So if you suddenly get sent for approval you know lady moo is in the building lol! Thanks again Sandy x
Meet Marvin, men's answer to Maxine Men strike back! How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened when she brings it. ----------------------------------------------------------- Why is a Laundromat a really bad place to pick up a woman? Because a woman who can't even afford a washing machine will probably never be able to support you. --------------------------------------------------- -------- Why do women have smaller feet than men? It's one of those 'evolutionary things' that allows them to stand closer to the kitchen sink. ----------------------------------------------------------- How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart? When she starts a sentence with 'A man once told me....' ----------------------------------------------------------- How do you fix a woman's watch? You don't. There is a clock on the oven. ---------------------------------------------------------- If your dog is barking at th
What is in the back seat of your car right now? Two Georgia Bulldawg flags and a combat lifesaver bag from when I was in the Army! Name 3 people who made you smile today? Emily, Chris, and Mike What were you doing at 8 am this morning? Passed out! What were you doing 30 minutes ago? Nada Favorite board game? Monopoly Have you ever been to a strip club? Yep What is the last thing you said aloud? what the hell! What is the best ice cream flavor? cherry vanilla What was the last thing you had to drink? water What are you wearing right now? shorts What was the last thing you ate? chicken Have you bought any new clothing items this week? nope When was the last time you ran? Thursday at work What's the last sporting event you watched? X Games If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go? Ireland Who is the last person you sent a comment on myspace? Chris Ever go camping? Yeah, did especially for 8 years
Beyond my Reach Beautiful Lover, beyond my reach So much is so right, so much wrong Why did you whisper your sonnet to me? Why serenade me your song? Sweet lover so distant, yet deep in my heart I dream of the times our lips meet Beautiful moments, stolen from fate Drizzled honey my own treasured treat You graze your hands freely, my body your own I need you to fill me again Look at me softly, kiss me again deep You are my pleasure, my pain Hover your body, closer to mine Make us again feel as one Consume me, fill me, fill this desire Let's forget how we'd ever begun Sweet lover I need you, lover my own Come share your desire with me Graze your hands deeply, my body your own Eat 'till your desire is free Adorato, beloved, so far away Come join me this night in my dream Touch me once more in the shadow of night Join me again, in our sacred stream i want to be the girl he's scared to loose the one he can't walk away from knowing she's mad at him th
Im up for auction. Please go by and place your bid. Feeling extra generous with the love??? Bid a Happy Hour, VIP or BLING PACKS too! The bigger the bid, the bigger the offer so don’t miss out! Go bid NOW!!! Auction starts Wed 8-20 and ends Thurs 8-28 at 11PM EST. So go get your bids in now!! Click the link below:
Bradley needs our prayers his dad has went to the doctors today and he has stage one cancer and that his dad has to have a part of his left lung removed and they willbe doing this on the 25 of Sept. He wants his friends to keep him and his dad in their prayers :) (¯`•βřądlęý ~ MP@ Soldiers Creed Bulletin Brought To With So Much Love By:
I opened my eyes to find myself covered up warm in a bed that wasn’t mine. I roll over and see him, and suddenly the memories of what had happened the previous night started rolling back. Just thinking about it made my whole body quiver with excitement. It all started when I came over to his house after his girlfriend left because they had had an argument. We were all alone sitting on the couch watching a movie. I had always thought he was attractive, but since he had a girlfriend, we were just friends. All I could think about was having him all to myself for just one night. I knew that if I looked over at him he would catch my eye and maybe get suspicious. His cologne pierced my nose making me hungrier for him. I kept playing it over in my mind of what he would be like. I saw out of the corner of my eye that he kept looking at me every once in a while. Maybe he was thinking the same thing I was, maybe he was attracted to me and wondered what it would be like to have me just one time.
If you woke up beside me would you.... {1} slap me {2} go back to sleep {3} f*ck me {4} cuddle me {5} kiss me {6} leave Send this to ten contacts trust me you will be Suprised
So I started a new tattoo business it's called Skin Deep Tattoo Studios...the link to the site is http://www.skindeeptattoostudios.com I was up all night building the site it's still a little rough but it's running..Check it out if you get a chance and if your in Ohio give me a call! Thanks, Shannon
Protest #9 We don’t need no fucking Leader We want a Servant Number One We don’t want the privileged son Of a Presidential failure. We don’t need a pious Pretender Of a National Corporation We don’t need no fucking Leader We want a servant, number one. We don’t need a Homeland Terror Or an amended Constitution What we need is a revolution To claim once again our future We don’t need no fucking Leader We want a Servant Number One. Obsidian Eyes A Rondelet So heavenly, Like the diamonds that grace the sky. So heavenly, In their obsidian beauty, That I could scarce suppress a sigh And my heart was wont to fly. So heavenly… 8-9-00 Good Morning (a Roundel) Good morning my beautiful Gypsy Rose I kissed you last night while dreaming a sacred dream that no one else knows good morning I awoke with a smile bright beaming then I saw on my floor your clothes now I’m not sure if I was just dreaming But remembering last night’s passion
She was sitting on the bed taking slow deep breaths. They had met online and now it was time to rendezvous with her online lover. Actually they were much more than just online lovers. They were friends, writing partners, and in a dominate/submissive relationship. She had met him while she was out of school in the summer and had liked his charismatic personality, passion and creativity. His tender heart and wicked imagination sparked a desire within her that she had not expected, and since her last Master had broken her heart, she was not really looking for anything real to happen again; but this man sparked desire in her like no one else had. So now she was sitting more than a 1,000 miles away-- in a hotel. She was dressed in a simple black chemise, with thigh high stockings and 4" spike pumps on her dainty feet, with her hair pulled up into a French twist. Her eyes were drawn to the red number display on the alarm clock by the bed, reading nearly six, his time to arrive. Turning back
you know i found out some people know so much more about me than i know about myself, its really damn disturbing cause you know the next time i guess i'm gonna be a saint or someting or own the world that i didn't know that i did... people that are in the 40's can't seem to stay away from drama, just figured by that age they would of grown the hell up? right you would think that but i guess not... I don't take it lightly when someone internet threatins my family.... on other notes LOL just got off work and i'm fixing to go to bed.... chat at everyone later sense now i have gotten some stress off my chest
My Love Your skin glows like the cherry, blossoms slowly as the lilly in the purest hope of spring. My heart follows your chimes voice and leaps like a spider at the whisper of your name. The evening floats in on a great blue jay wing. I am comforted by your eyes that I carry into the twilight of lipsbeams and hold next to my heart. I am filled with hope that I may dry your tears of water. As my eyes falls from my thought, it reminds me of your bedroom. In the quiet, I listen for the last beat of the day. My heated hands leaps to my bra. I wait in the moonlight for your secret shimmer so that we may fight as one, hands to hands, in search of the magnificent black and mystical glow of love What do u define as a friend the person you laugh with the person you cry with the emotions of a friendship filling inside me you may have a friend but are they real real enough you can tell them anything i am surrounded by lies i may think my friends may be
I have decided again for the second year in a row that I am not putting up a christmas tree. I always celebrate christmas at my parents home and at my father's sisters home. I know I know some of you are probably thinking about the fact that I have a little guy and should put the tree up for him, but he's 2 people all he's gonna do is destroy it or knock it over about 100 times or try to eat things off of it. The last time I put was the year that I had my son and I only did it because my younger brother,who lived with me at the time and is obsessed with christmas, insisted that we put up a tree. Needless to say with all the hustle and bustle of being thrown into the job of being a single mother my tree was up until well after Easter that year. So some of you may thinkn that I am a Grinch but NO TREE. My son and I will enjoy the tree decorating on the 23rd with my mother, my brother, his wife and daughter so he's not missing out on anything except taking it down. I have a 2 year old lit
sup people. this ones about me and just me. im 20 years old and i have lived in little hick towns my whole life. i am a nanny for 2 beautiful kids which kinda satisfies my want for children... for now. i am a thick full figured women and i LOVE myself. i am tall standing at 5'7" and i have no idea what my natural hair color is. i have blue eyes that i love. and a large natural chest thats gets me alot of attention. i am bisexual and im proud. i dont perfer either men to women i love them both. i have 4 tattoos ad of now and i have my tounge and nose pierced... for now i want more of both. but im very outgoing after i get over being shy and i love to crack a joke and make everyone laugh. im a book worm sometimes and i never go any where without my camera on hand. i love kids, men, women, and food. which is why im chubby but dont judge me till u get to know me im lots of fun
Ok guys and girls… I have a bad news… THE BIG BOSS of the company 1633 (those real the one who’s taking care in Europe of the magazine : NewLook, Maximal and many others… So THE BOSS just decide that I’m looking way too young to be on the cover + interview… bla bla bla… they call me the women-child… anyways… I guess I’m not good enough for those one who always have in mind that a REAL WOMEN is a tall girl with big boobs and a different look than me… I’m not planning on writing you a big story but this news really crew up my day… I’m feeling like I want to cry… I’m going outside to change my idea… I need a breather. Take Care! Ariel Rebel
Well I dont have a VIP no more cant upload or rip photos friends have made for me please help I think I am worth a measly 20 dollars ty ty ty
Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Honest reviews of foreign bride and online dating sites for Asian, Latin and Russian as ... China embassy providing Chinese embassies and foreign embassies ... Dating matchmaker personals, dating behind laptop, 100 free casual dating, largest online dating, chinese women dating seattle, free manila dating, ... Online Chinese dating, Chinese singles, and Chinese personals at GlobalBeatz.net - Find the best Chinese online dating, Chinese singles, and Chinese ... Free Chinese Dating, for national and international Chinese. ... Instant Messaging to members who are online. Chat online in public or private chatrooms ... Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. ABC Singles - Free to join UK Singles,personals and Dating site. ... adult site Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. this post is for all you guys that if you
Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Why join A Christian Dating Site? Today online dating is a fact of life. According to a 2006 Pew Internet and American Life Project report, ... We are the only Christian Dating site that provides both national and .... Dating Tips on first Date with someone Love Stories Across the Internet Online ... So, to find someone, with same beliefs, you can visit Christian dating sites. These are especially helpful, as you precisely reach a common area, ... Internet porn is forcing adult magazines to diversify their business. ... Christian dating web site BigChurch.com Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. All Black Lesbians - Models having sex using a strap on. ... All Lesbian Girls - Black women having sex with each other on a blue couch. ... Nov 6, 2008 ... lesbiansex free black lesbian porn lesbian sex porn lesbian feet lesbian ... xxx porn sex sexy naked girls naked lesb
Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Find black guys and black men online in free live video Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Chronometric dating, commonly called absolute dating, gives age in actual years. There is usually a margin of error with absolute dating techniques. ... Amazon.com: Chronometric Dating in Archeology (Advances in Archaeological and Museum Science): RE Taylor, Martin J. Aitken: Books. Chronometric Dating Methods. Dendrochronology uses variations in the thickness of tree rings to determine age. One of first chronometric techniques ... Techniques of chronometric dating have arisen partly through the active collaboration of archeologists and scientists and in some cases through the ... Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Nov 11, 2008 ... Aussie Gay
Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Dec 17, 2008 ... College degrees online are ideal for people who are striving to balance their personal life while competing with other candidates for ... Welcome to the USA online psychology degree directory. ... For each University or college featured below, details of the type of online psychology degree will be .... Learners will integrate formal academic studies with personal ... Arizona university psychology degree prescribe medication ... College Courses Online In Minnesota; Free Online Personal Development Courses; Paralegal degree programs ... Online College Education Program, Physical Therapy Degree Program ... Earn your degree in psychology online from an accredited online college or university. ... of theoretical principles to inter- and intra-personal issues. ... Join the World's Largest SEX and SWINGER Personals Community. Join for FREE. Stunning escort girls, escorts in Phuket and Bangkok,
Lilly in Wonderland said: Gah, I'm so bored. Read me a story? ❤Omnia Vincit Amor❤ said: once upon a time... in a land far, too damn far away like over the hill through the meadow, and 23345.3059 more miles away.. there lived a beautiful princess named hmmm..named lillywiththeprettyface haha but this princess was unlike any other! some would say she was a bit....hmm obsessed yes thats it! obsessed with old gray haired men with big man meat! Lilly in Wonderland said: ......this princess, on her quest for the ultimate in old man meat, stumbles upon a beautifulsexiness princess named, Ms.BobbiBretsassaicecreamyummyness. She too was obsessed with the unattainable. ( But let's face it, if these princesses put their heads together and showed some thigh, could totally score.) They made a bond of friendship, and totally mocked every fu-tard in the land.... ❤Omnia Vincit Amor❤ said: one day lillywiththeprettface and bobbibreatassaicecreamyumm
I bought this 1981 honda CB650 which hasn't been driven for 26 years. It was garage kept and i bought it for 800 dollars. I cleaned out the carbs, They were very gummy and the gas tank had a lot of rust in it, I finally drove it today, and got it up to 55 mph. Which is much better than yesterday. At 4000 rpms the motorcycle would bog down and would die and not restart. The only bad thing that happened on it this time, was the accelorator cable snapped and i had to push it home. I cleaned up all the dirt on it and repainted the gas tank. ( it looks new) and that was all that i did to it today. I will take pics of it and put them on my site when i'm done with it.
So recently I find myself pondering my past adventures with the opposite sex, black men, and a handful of one night stands. Through talking my best friend we thought it would be clever for me to write a little novel that'll never be published, just something for my fellow friends to read, and whoever else would like to read. It'll be 85% fact and 15% Hollywood. Just to keep you interested. I will detail all of my sexual encounters to date with the quirk and sense of humor that sex should have. People take sex, and sexaul acts too seriously always keeping the taboo subject behind closed doors and under lock and key. Here I am writing my stories of falling off the bed and hand jobs in the hood. Let everyone embrace thier sexuality as a gift and a toy. Enjoy!
Hello everyone... new here and trying to figure this whole thing out. I know nobody here and I was really hoping to draw some attention and make some friends.... drop me a line... until then... have a great day
i feel keeping it real is a part of life if u b real wit yr self how can u b real wit any body and my bad about the rip so many haters i guess im doing someting right my name at *ick so keep it out your mouth u know who u r
Ok I know its self serving and shamless but I have to plug my new website fugleesleathers.net. Why? Cuz we have top dollar leathers at crackhead prices. I mean really. yea sure you can buy the thin ass chaps from some cheap ass leather site than tear the first time you snag the blinker on your bike. Or you can buy these and wreck at 70 and most likely live to tell about it or atleast your skin wont be tore up. Anyway take a look, pass it on to your biker friends. We attend rally's nation wide, and are looking for local models to shoot for our upcoming calendar. We also sponsor wet T contests and best ass in chaps contests. More to come as we get busy so keep checking in. Thanks END of shameless plug lol.
how do you fine a blog you what to read if some one whats you to read it do you have to spend money to have fun on fubar?
Congress is proposing to drastically reduce Medicare reimbursement for home health services to the chronically sick and elderly. They plan on cutting $57 billion out of the Medicare home health benefit over 10 years. Home health represents only 4.5% of the total Medicare budget, but 11% of the proposed total cuts. Home health is a key solution for lowering the cost of health care. It is the most cost effective way to care for the sick and elderly. More importantly, the sick and elderly want to stay in their home. They recover more quickly at home with family and friends. Without home health care, seniors will be readmitted into hospitals and transferred to nursing homes, both of which will put a greater financial burden on our Medicare system. To help save the concept of Home Health Care, add your name to the petition to Congress at: http://www.wecansavehomehealth.org/
The Legend:Everyone knows the feeling. You're alone in your house when you get the unmistakable sense that you're being watched. It's like you can feel another human presence in the house with you, even though you know you locked the doors and windows. This spooky trick of the mind is probably why so many of our ghost stories are about someone being inside our house. There's the call that was coming from inside the house, the killer who hides under your bed, the guy who wakes up to find a note taped to his forehead. Even the monsters living in our closet. But those fears are irrational, right?The Truth:A 57-year-old man living by himself in Japan began to notice small things amiss in his house -- objects wouldn't be where he'd left them. Food would disappear that he swore he didn't remember eating. He'd wake up to strange sounds in the middle of the night, but every time he'd go and check them out, the door would be locked, the windows tightly shut. Nobody was there.Was he losing his m
Lights reflecting off, the headstones. Filled with kind words, of the people they've known. I walk through, row by row. Tears falling, melting the snow. I see mom's, dad's, family and friends. Loving one another, til the end. Then I think, where do I fit in? I'll be in a box, an unmarked grave. No inspiring words, nothing to say. I'll be the tall weeds, all grown up and neglected. Because I'm alone, rejected. I'll be the dark shadow, lurking around. I'll remain alone, even in the ground.
A public house, informally known as a pub, is a drinking establishmentfundamental to the culture of Britain and Ireland. There were approximately 53,500 public houses in 2009 in the United Kingdom.]In many places, especially in villages, a pub can be the focal point of the community. The writings of Samuel Pepys describe the pub as the heart of England. The history of pubs can be traced back to Roman taverns through the Anglo-Saxon alehouse to the development of the modern tied house system in the 19th century. Most public houses offer a wide range of beers, wines and spirits, and soft drinks. Over the years the brewers have supplied accessories and materials to decorate their pubs and at the same time promote and publicise their brands. These items or Pub Paraphernalia have helped to create a distinctive and enduring character and charm. Many of these items are now available to purchase and collect to enable a bar to be converted into something quite timeless – a mini pub.This p
Ridin' a train, from Boston to NYC, back in "98. ...not lookin' for friendly conversation. 6 year old kid sittin' across from me gazin' out the window. ...I liked him, he was quiet. After 20 minutes of watchin' the world fly by at 60 mph ...he turned to me and said, "Not very pretty is it?" ..I met a genius.
The comfort is among the most necessary elements to believe about as no a single enjoys possessing sore feet.Nike Requin and Nike TN You also want your basketball footwear to become durable. Viewing the kind of materials which they are created from along with the stitching can assist you figure this out. These have to have the ability to final so creating positive which they appear like they are heading to be in a location to maintain up for the job which they have forward of them is essential. A lot of Nike's accomplishment with basketball footwear can be attributed to the reputation of Michael Jordan. In no way a brand can realize these kinds of achievement, but Nike has, the new programs of Nike78, Nike self-lacing sneakers Every day world exchange, so we get some newspaper and magazines. The walking nike shoes offers comfort and durability for the man on-the-go. The shoes are breathable nike tn,nike tn pas cher with flexible and supportive interior that provides a stable f
ten points guy cannot evaluate the female's one much more gorgeous compared to males development Within development, the ladies turn out to be much more exceptional, however the development from the men in look hardly any. The information additionally implies that the actual quite woman may have much more kids, these types of kids, the woman away compared to percentage associated with males, which explains why an attractive woman could be more and much more.two all of us more prone to endure within a car crash Based on well-respected information, the actual percentage of girls making it through within a car crash is actually 77% greater than males, most likely simply because all of us always remember the fundamental visitors security guidelines.three simpler to pass though the actual drawback When compared with study, the actual percentage associated with woman self-recovery through the drawback is actually 53%, 29% associated with males, possibly our own speak as well as
ANd would like some friends on here and people to talk too, so if thats you please add me on here and chat me up. Ladies or gents I don't care(:
Before you wanna be an asshole with your girl,think about this...... While your ignoring her, another guy is giving her attention, While your giving her problems another guy is listening.... While your to busy for her another guy is making time for her, While you make her cry another guy is trying to make her smile again. When your not sure you want her another guy has already figured it out.
Life is happy,Life is sad;Life is good,Life is bad.Life is a city,Life is a town;Life is a smile,Life is a frown.Life is life,Life is death;Life is loving you with every breath.Life is seldom fun,Without you, my life is done. I'm not right for this day and age. If I could, I'd turn back the page. Yeah! I'd go back to days of old. Days of King Arthur and Chivalry. I'd go back to when I belong..... I belong when nice guys actually stood a chance. I belong when women actually cared about romance. I belong when it was okay to cry. I belong when it was okay to be a nice guy....... I'm not an egotistical asshole or anything close. I've tried to be like that. I'm too nice of a guy I suppose. I'm not a woman beater. Nor am I cheater. I wish I could go back to when I belong...... I belong in the days of old when it was okay to be yourself to make it in this world. I belong back when you didn't have to be hateful or scold..... I belong when it was okay to cry. I belong
Open Letter From a Bar Owner to Musicians Posted January 3, 2013 Filed under: Music | re-blogged from http://chrisledrew.wordpress.com/2013/01/03/open-letter-from-a-bar-owner-to-musicians/ The letter I have copied below was posted on Tampa Craigslist by a bar owner, but it was flagged for removal before I could provide a link or credit the author. But I managed to copy the content. So here it is, and I agree with a lot (although not all) of what he has to say. If more musicians clued into this perspective, the club scene would be much better: A bar, that is, an establishment that earns its revenue primarily from selling alcoholic beverages, measures its success by the ounce and the accounting is done everyday because we mostly live on the edge. So we spend our time trying to figure out how to sell more ounces. It’s not just how many people are in the house or how great the atmosphere is (that’s certainly important), but how many drinks, preferably premium, we sell in a da
I kinda got forced into FUBAR by a person I truely appreciate. I still do, forever will. But FUBAR was suppossed to be the site bout true ppl- True cuntes, yer will. Call me the bad boy, the sucker of this. But within 12 h no one listened to my tunes but I got ratings on my pic. I AM the one who is suppossed to be this way. Mr. T is VERY disappointed of yer all. Ouch, bam. and MFC. I enjoy FUBAR, yet it is a MAJOR cunt. It rans me through dozens of ways to just leet me pop a statement. Its like the digital equivalent to havin a dick and choose from 50 OPTIONS. FUBAR, u are so fubar and WAY over the line,, crank down, its way too far fetched to be reasonable. Dropped on my right ball. Hurts like a bitch - never dance in ur chair, fellas.
-----Metal Words----"Crying heads on the ground, Moving mouths without sound. Begging forgiveness in blood and vanity. Waning memories, regrets and insanity. Their eyes all close for them no tomorrows.Dismembered from History, So We sing not Harmony's of Sorrows. One thing for All is True and Certain, All will reside beyond Azreal's Curtain."~MD-----------------------The Dead (Welcome)by Markus DaimeionHey You!?On Your way downCan you hear me nowThen Won't you listenCan ya give me some of your timeTell meYou have seen me above youKnow I... Of that do not approveCan't You See me as I look up at youCan youCan you help me out this timeStop walking down these stairsAll YouAll of You, hold on to my heart nowYou tooYou Could Be Free Like MeIt's your choice not to beBut, You too, you can follow meBut I need to rest nowCan't you see I'm tired with a restless mindI gotta clear my headAll these Angels running aroundNo room to breathe hereBetween these worldsFeeling strangled, would you... PLEASE
Call me the girl that no one ever noticed. Call me the girl who no one ever cared about. Call me the girl that you can pass in the hall and not give a damn. Call me the forgotten. ~Author Unknown~
Why am I here and where am I going? My unanswered questions the list keeps on growing. I hear and I taste, I touch and I see. But how can I be sure that I'm really me? I recall scattered images that resemble my past, They come and they go, just like the shadows I cast. Do I live in my mind or do I live amongst others. If so, where do they go when I pull up the covers? If I shut my eyes are you still there? Where does smoke go when it dissolves in thin air? The more questions I ask, the more I don't know, I'm beginning to think this is all one big show. They say if you have faith, you'll see the way, But they won't show you unless they are paid. Do i create my own world that is right for me, or do I leave it to the dealer of destiny, but when things go wrong who do I blame? I am the one that needs to carry my name. My mind and my body are in constant battle for control, trying to bribe the umpire who resides in my soul. I began my education before I could crawl. yet after so many years
there is this girl. who that me and her have something in common. and we became great friends ever since She was bored so i told her that i would give her her fav chinese dish i told her what was it and she well come on then and i said ok i'm coming. i came to her door and she jumped out of her seat and answered the door and i handed her her entree and said here ya go she was so excited. i gave her a kiss and she was blushing red and i told her how was it and she said that "the only thing she tasted was my kiss." also added but it was HOT!! Since we both have something in common i was telling her that we should get married here in Lost Cherry and i did like every man does get on my knees and told her will you marry me and she said yes there is this girl who really does like me alot whenever she was needing help i came to help her she cried of happiness to know that i help her she gave me hugs, kisses etc.. and she REALLY!!! and i mean REALLY!!! does love me
well today was kinda gay!!! its my dads 35th bday if he was still alive!!! im real bumbed about it cause i keep thinking about it. oh well i'll get over i guess!!! so i know this was gay but yeah peace!!!
You Are A Realistic Romantic It's easy for you to get swept away by romance... But you've done a pretty good job keeping perspective. You're still taken in by love poems and sunsets You just don't fall for every dreamy pick up line! Are You Romantic or Realistic?
my mans entered in the sexiest man with long hair contest please vote for him thanks all all you have to do is click this pic thanks again all
On the long drive home I am thinking about how nice it would be to curl up with you, snuggling close as we sleep. Looking up at the endless highway and seeing that I have maybe another hour before I pull into our driveway, and smiling to myself as I remember this day. We actually finished the project a day earlier than projected. I decided to drive home that night instead of waiting until the next day. You did not expect me home until the following evening, but I thought I would surprise you. Anticipation building as the miles grows closer to home. The hour is late and I can see you snuggled in bed sleeping. An idea crosses my mind as I pull my car into the garage. I leave my bags in the car and would deal with them in the morning. My thoughts are with you upstairs. Quietly I come into the house and locking up behind myself. I am hoping not to wake you. The girls come to great me and I try to keep them quiet giving them some attention and a treat before I creep through
Tequila and Salt This should probably be taped to your bathroom mirror where one could read it every day. You may not realize it, but it's 100% true. 1. There are at least two people in this world that you would die for. 2. At least 15 people in this world love you in some way. 3. The only reason anyone would ever hate you is because they want to be just like you. 4. A smile from you can bring happiness to anyone, even if they don't like you. 5. Every night, SOMEONE thinks about you before they go to sleep. 6. You mean the world to someone. 7. You are special and unique. 8. When you make the biggest mistake ever, something good comes from it. 9. When you think the world has turned its back on you take another look. 10. Always remember the compliments you received, Forget about the rude remarks. So........If you are a loving friend, send this to everyone, including the one that sent it to you. If you get it back, then they really do love you. And always
hey all sorry i havent really been on lately.Ive been busy lately.I just wanted to let you know what up.
sorry i was awayfor so longI have never been a pussy for Pain before so when all this hit me, you know I had to be in some REAL Pain. Don't ever also be afraid of getting a second opinion either, I recently had Gall Stones and the first time I went to the hospital they mis-diagnoised me as having Gastric problems then a year later I had another attack and I insisted they were full of #### and told them so and to run the right tests this time. then Viola!! Gallstones the size of golfballs, then after surgery that took a month to heal from I was OK again. Then almost a year to the day I went in for Gall Bladder surgery, I passed and recovered a Kidney Stone big enough to scare the people in the ER. I only knew I had passed it from the sound of it hitting the porcelin Urinal (Clink!)..My reaction was..what the hell was that??!! No, That did not come from my dick did it?!!? Looked at it and it was barbed on one side and smooth on the other...So it must have came smooth side out cause I did
Life these days is just so messed up and complicated. other times just just freakin annoying. like the other day some guy i barely know tells me he loves me then hes just like "oh they're just words" I mean what has the world come to when those 3 little words have no meaning i mean ocme on maybe it is just how i was raised ido but i thought that was pretty stupid mainly after i feel for some guy who i think is just playing me cuz he says i love you and want to be with you but i can't get the guy to have an actual converstaion idk its all messed up to me.. i don;t know what to think anymore but i do think that some people need to grow up
Here comes the ugly one Looking sad and wearing black Those stupid fucking preps all laugh Because she looks so fat Trying to ignore the comments She walks, looking at the floor Since she doesn't say a word They shout more ugly words The jocks throw their footballs at her And the anorexic sluts just laugh She's teased in science, she teased in p.e She's even teased in math Everyday, the same routine, She runs into her room and cries She thinks that no one cares If she just curled up and died Then one day after normal teasing, She finally had enough She couldn't handle all their teasing And other stupid stuff She grabbed some lipstick and put it on her lips She grabbed her long black skirt And then started to rip At the corner of her eye She spotted a pointy blade She slashed her wrists until Her vision started to fade Suddenly, she fell Colapsing on a towel The words carved in her wrists read, Am I Pretty Now?
Ok, I have 2 pictures in my album that were marked by Cherry Tap staff as NSFW, so i had to move them to their own separate album. These 2 pics are nothing more than simple cleavage pictures, i am dressed in BOTH pictures, and what is shown is nothing different than what you see any and everyday while going down the road, at work, at the grocery store, whatever. Now what really pisses me off about this is that i see tons of other female member so here, which cleavage pics, some of which show much more than mine and are dressed less than me, but still, their pics are no different than mine. But yet, THEY are allowed to keep theirs up NOT rated as NSFW....and it's not like CT can say "oh well, we haven't seen them" i'm talking about members who are on blasts (which have to be a approved) and members who have extremely high ratings and are some of the top CT's on here. Not only is their MAIN pic like this, so are many others, and they are no different than mine. Yanno, I paid for a blast
I have a wonderful idea on how we can pay off our national debt. Recently Saddam Hussein was found guilty and sentenced to DEATH BY HANGING. Being the opportunist I am, I say we put his hanging on Pay-Per-View. Now before you get all jacked and moralistic on me remember that boxing is a common pay-per-view event and that is much bloodier then a hanging. I say you charge 79.99 for the event and along with Saddam's Hanging you also get to witness the hanging of Chemical Ali as well. As an added bonus you will also get the footage of the bomb that took out Saddam's two sons over a year ago. And dont tell me that $79.99 is too high a price because ya know what...im guessing there wont be a house in America that wouldnt have this on. Saddam is partly responsible for our debt so that little fucker can help erase it.
ok so do you think that people are more honest about them selves on line than real life ? i have a friend thats going to ohio from RI to meet a girl for the first time leaving his life behind with no safety net douse anyone know about this stuff ever working out?
NaughtyPoll.com - take your own poll! 1. How old are you?over 30 2. What is your sexual orientation?Bisexual 3. Have you ever given somone oral sex?Sure I have 4. Have you ever received oral sex?Yes, of course 5. How many sexual partners have you had?No Answer 6. What is your pubic hair style?Shaved bald, nice and clean 7. What is your choice of underwear style?Regular Panties 8. Have you ever had anal sex?Yes I have 9. What is your favorite position?Good old missionary 10. How often do you masturbate?Once a day 11. Have you ever kissed a girl?Yes, for sure 12. Have you ever had sex with a girl?Yes, I sure have 13. Have you ever taken, or been in naked photos?Yes, been in them 14. Have you ever had multiple partners at once?Yes, an all out orgy 15. Have you watched porn?Yes, of course. Who hasn't? 16. Have you ever been to a nude beach or nudist area?Nope, I am modest 17. Have you ever watched others, or been watched having sex?Yes, watched others,
'Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the streets, not a person was stirring, 'cept an officer on the beat. As he quietly patrolled the town with great care, children and parents slept peacefully there. The officer was clad in his blues and his vest, gun on his hip, always looking his best. He'd just pulled aside for a quick bite to eat, When all of a sudden, out on the street, A bright light appeared from out of nowhere, He shielded his eyes from the brilliant glare. 'Twas an angel of the Lord at the squad's rear, He smiled and spoke, "Dear Officer, don't fear." "I've been sent by God with a message for you who faithfully serve while wearing the blue. He wants you to know He loves you all, He's pleased with the way you've answered His call. "To protect and serve others, so selfless you've been, Your bravery and kindness have known no end. Even in tragedy, when nights became long, You've helped countless strangers by being strong. "God sees you
"Something More" is the title of this story, which revolves around a young man going down a dangerous path. But when his past catches up with him in a way he thought impossible, he finds himself caught in the midst of supernatural intrigue and terror, and must face the choice of doing the right thing, and doing what he's always done. Expect periodic updates as more of the story gets written, and if it all disappears at once, don't be surprised. ;) Peace.
14) You discover that "Chesty McBust" isn't her real name, and she's dialing in from Langley, VA. 13) You: Large, hairy man. Your online girlfriend: Large, hairy man. 12) Her postmaster rejects your e-mail not as "undeliverable" but as "unlikely to get you anywhere." 11) After months of shared experiences and emotional investments, she attacks you in the Mines of Quarn with a Vorpal Sword when she learns you're worth 45,000 points. 10) "Returned mail: User unknown and never wants to hear from you again." 9) Your cyber-lover is just too busy editing that silly little Top 5 List. 8) Getting perhaps a bit too comfortable, she lets a reference to cutting her chin shaving slip by. 7) You discover that she has been cutting and pasting her orgasms. 6) You can barely make out your S. L.'s face in the JPEG she sent because she's obscured by her 25 cats. 5) He claims to be the richest man in the world, but his GIF looks like some geek who works for a software company.
So do you think that this new coach will be better then Bill? Yes Or No Let me know! Hello everyone that reads this I am still new at this as you all can tell I have no idea what I am doing but I am learning so If you can all just help me out that would be great thank you! Angie
Southern Girls Current mood: full "Factors such as habitual pearl-wearing, time spent at the beach, proficiency in the Carolina Shag, and a diet of fried foods, green beans, and oysters have all played an instrumental role in ranking South Carolina 1st by a National Hottie Report. The Palmetto State, is renowned as being a perfect, exclusively southern area filled with smiling faces, beautiful places, and the sweetest and most charming girls in the country." -The New York Times
Ghosts of my past Current mood: sad I went to the movies tonight. I had no idea that the movie was going to bring back so many bad memories…memories I stuffed deep inside of me. It was Alpha Dog and it was ok until near the end. The boy was 15 and they hit him in the head with a shovel, and then killed him. Instantly, all my emotions resurfaced. I sat there and cried. I even thought about running out of the theater. I cried the whole way home. All I could think about was Randy, and his last moments, before and during him being beat with the baseball bat. Did he know? What were his thoughts? Or did it just happen so fast that in an instant, he was gone? I have been so strong for so long now. I have gone about like it doesn't exist. I'm fine on Holidays, on his birthday, and even on the anniversary of his death. When I was in PA I went to the grave, and I was fine again. In NC I took my niece to where he was killed. She had never been, and she wanted to go. I was fine. She cried
why in the hell would you fuckin add someone just to fuckin delete them? some loser kid has done this 2 many times to me. the bitch is a friend of mine's i guess bf... i hope she has more abitiy to stand stupidity than i cuz shes gunna have a lot of it in her life with this fuck face. Yo momma so poor... Her face is on the front of a food stamp. That your family ate Cornflakes with a fork to save milk. When I visited her trailer, 2 cockroaches tripped me and a Rat tried to steal me wallet. She waves an ice lolly around and calls it Air conditioning. Burglars break into yo momma's home and leave money. When I told her about the last supper she thought the food stamps had run out. The building society repossessed her cardboard box. She watches television on an Etch-A-Sketch. Each night she goes to KFC to lick other folk's fingers She can't even afford to go to the free clinic. When I saw her kickin a can down the road I asked yo momma what she was doing..
I GOT TAGGED BY SOMEONE ELSE SO DOING IT AGAIN :p Instructions... Once you have been tagged, you have to write a blog with 10 weird or random things, facts, or habits about yourself. At the end, you choose at least 5 people to be tagged, listing their names. Don't forget to leave a comment that says, "You're it!" on their profile and ask them to read your blog. You can't tag the person who tagged you. 1.hate asian meatballs 2.dip fries in ice-cream 3.play guitar 4.I was in the basketball team and got girl groupies when I was in high school 5.I was a cheerleader 6.cannot whistle:-D 7.collected sailor moon and slam dunk stuffs lol 8.love 90s music/movies 9.craziest and funniest girl in class 10. but I won first place award in my schools contest for best manner lady (teachers love me):-P Can’t Get Enough! Tommy (aka Mr Lime Green) Lil Tony Ruff PAPI CHULO
Dear David, Several weeks ago, we informed you by mail that our editors have certified your poem "Mirror of the Broken Past" as a semi-finalist in our International Open Poetry Contest. I'm writing to remind you that your poem will automatically be entered into the final competition held in February 2007. As a semi-finalist, you now have an excellent chance of winning one of 104 cash or gift prizes--including the $1,000.00 First Prize. You may even win the $10,000.00 annual Grand Prize! We wish you the best of luck as you compete for these prizes in the coming weeks (click here for a complete list of prizes). And that's not all . . . David . . . Imagine Your Poem Featured on a Page by Itself in a Beautiful Coffee-table Edition! As I mentioned in my letter, and in celebration of the unique talent that you have displayed, we also wish to publish your poem in what promises to be one of the most highly sought-after collections of poetry we have ever published
I see you...so inviting as I savor my intent to have you as I will sensually intoxicating is your innocent gaze as my hunger grows, my senses aroused I feel, smell, taste passion I have longed for When you touch me, I become enstranged my primevil spirit awakened so desperate for all you are ...life When I take you in fury and passion I lose control of how precious life can be when savored to my surprise you have slipped into uncontrolled esctacy whispering wanting more... I hear you say...come I join you among the heavens where I found you...
hey yall im just here to tell you all im sick so plz dont mind me if i dont get back to you right away and all im just sick and probually fell asleep on the keyboard or else im coughing up my lung! hey yall im just here to tell you all im sick so plz dont mind me if i dont get back to you right away and all im just sick and probually fell asleep on the keyboard or else im coughing up my lung! Weight loss joke A fellow was reading the paper one day lamenting the fact that his doctor has ordered him to lose 75 pounds. Next thing he sees is an advertisement for a guaranteed weight loss program. "Guaranteed like heck," he thinks to himself. "But lets see what they think they can do." He calls them on the phone and subscribes to the 3 day, 10 LB weight loss program. The next day there comes a knock at his door, and when he answers, there stands before him a voluptuous, athletic 19 year old babe dressed in nothing but a pair of Nikes and a sign hanging around her neck. She introduces hersel
Ok so im reasonably new to this site.. thanks to a few friends i know who got me into this site..so i dont really know wat im doing just feelin my way through..so if i dont reply straight away bare with me i am after all only an Aussie gal with a nice set of well i think yall get the drift.. anyways have fun
the other day was my moms 51st b-day(btw she died this past sept) i was feeling really low and some events happend. was i in the wrong... yes.... did i apaulogize?.....yes....however this person is now trying to rip a life apart that i cherish so much.... how do i deel with this? do i bite my tounge live a lie and smile and kiss ass just to be with the woman i have grown to love above all else? or do i voice my self and honestly lose the one person i dont want to ? god how did this get this far and how can it be fixed? it is fri nite and i am home alone pondering my life with her and no matter how i look at it i see this person alawys looking at me like im some kind of freek. i dont know but something has to give and soon. this feeling i have is very bad and withh all that i am going trew no body seems to understand. whats going you ask?( going threw a very messy devource, lost my mom in sept,lost my job in dec, my kids dont want to see me like they are suposed to,i have no real fami
Evening tints the sky with shades of purple........ as the day comes to an end. My thoughts turn to you........ as all the busyness of the day calms..... and my body feels the ache of wanting to be held. To feel hands searching...and lips tasting...... as all else fades with the sun......... and the mind and body gives itself over to the need within........ 4 - 2010 Guardian Angel
Hello World, Peyton here.You remember me right,hehe Anyway I have been here a few weeks now after joining these other two girls site here on what you call the FU. These are just my observations and I could be so off beat with it and please feel encouraged to tell me so. First off I would like to say this.After getting some emails and shoutbox messages I would like for you to know I am not the only one on this page.So when you ask why I didn't accept your friend request it may be that I simply don't know why,but I will ask. This is what I was told when I arrived on that certain subject. 1.Don't accept any girls,They will bring drama almost everytime 2.Don't approve high ranking members because usually they have been here so long that they are taking the game to serious and have become buttholes but they said the other word.That being said I have approved many just go and look. 3.This one is mine..If you have anything that has anything against religion or devil names or just na
PEOPLE ASK WHY? Why I Carry a Gun My old grandpa said to me 'Son, there comes a time in every man's life when he stops bustin' knuckles and starts bustin' caps and usually it's when he becomes too old to take an ass whoopin.'I don't carry a gun to kill people.I carry a gun to keep from being killed.I don't carry a gun to scare people.I carry a gun because sometimes this world can be a scary place.I don't carry a gun because I'm paranoid.I carry a gun because there are real threats in the world.. I don't carry a gun because I'm evil.I carry a gun because I have lived long enough to see the evil in the world
Seduction This is seduction of the highest orderlay down,relax,and let carnal emotions take overinhale deeply and put you mind at easeallow me to lead you into never ending ecstasyplacing my lips to youri dare you to explore what's behindyour minds locked doorsmesmerizing you with my soft kissesbewitching you with my sweet smelli have you right where i want youafter this is over memories of this night will still haunt youbiting softly on your neck i release your inhibitionsyour dying to be with me pleading to be temptedhow can i be resistedafter all this is seduction of the highest order
SEXUAL ENCOUNTERS KUDOS PROGRAMWelcome to the Sexual Encounters KUDOS Program Blog! This is a place of encourgament and Prasie for SE Staff, When you see another staff member doing something good, Let us know by commenting on this blog! We want every staff member from the owners to cammers to know that your work for SE is appericated!! So anytime you see or hear of a good deed or just someone leanding a ear to another staff member do it hear!! At the end of each month when the Employee of the Month nomintees come up comments here will be condsidered!! So let's work together to make SE the #1 Lounge on Fubar and some Fubar that we arent like the other Lounges!!
Ok Heres a good Idea for a contest how about who has the funniet pictures it can be either of you or one you found on the net. Each person has to put 5 pictures in funny pic contest. If amybody ese has any info that would make it good just keep adding.
Exciting Breakthrough! While the world has waited, the last 16 years researchers have been working on an amazing breakthrough in science within an area known as “Redox Signaling”. With over 30 million dollars invested, their discovery is a quantum leap beyond anything we’ve previously known about how our cells function at the molecular level. Some are calling this discovery the biggest breakthrough in biological science since the creation of penicillin or discovery of DNA. The newly discovered science has recently been put in the form of a consumable product. It is not a drug, herb, vitamin, mineral, juice or nutrient. There are no stimulants, side effects or toxic substances. It is being called a redox signaling communication product and it’s the first of its kind in the world. The high impact results have many in the medical and health communities scrambling to learn more. The Company, named “ASEA” along with its Atomic Physicist, Gary L. Samu
Basically I wanted to make sure that the word got out and those of you who wanted me to make sure that I stayed in touch had the opportunity to say so. Doesn't mean I'm not already bookmarking, but hey, everyone wants to feel wanted, and if you want me to make sure that I expedite sending you a friend add when I am back, please make sure you drop me a line over the next week. David
well, I guess its time to finally get shit off my chest. I really am not fond of Fubar, maybe because I hardly use it, or maybe because I dont really care for the methodology behind it all. I understand its about gaining rank and points and hopefully making friends along the way, but it all seems vain to me. granted i have made at least one true friend, but deep down I still feel neglected over all. I make the attempt to befriend people here, but maybe there is something about me that others dont like. i KNOW i have my flaws, but that doesnt mean I am not worth getting to know first, then if you judge me from there, at least you made the attempt....
My life is very complicated. I am depresed. I work at a dead end job. my son lives with me and my roommate has his son. I still pay child support cause this state will not help a man that is finacially broke. I wish things could be better but I am not seeing it anytime soon. I want a place of my own but I can't find one that i can afford on my own. I have feelings of hopelessnes often. there are times that i don't even want to wake up and get out of bed. like the past 5 months. I have property to put a house but the only lead on a house is not a guaranttee that it will happen. I have also determined that i am going to be single tile I expire. expiration will be my only way to be happy. i am friends with a woman that i have fallen for and she knows it; however, she is always with other guys. she says they are just friends but i don't buy that one. one of these days maybe she will figure it out. and as for my son he has an anger management problem. he is not getting along with the other
It seems that as I look back at things through the looking glass, all is lost. But I do not control today or tomorrow only the moment I am in., This is the begining of my long strange trip, are you ready to trip with dew?? Hang on the peak will be long and hard, and the come down will be mellow... but what happens inbetween, may take you places youve never been before....
3 DOORS DOWN "Here Without You" A hundred days have made me older Since the last time that I saw your pretty face A thousand lies have made me colder And I don't think I can look at this the same But all the miles that separate Disappear now when I'm dreaming of your face I'm here without you baby But you're still on my lonely mind I think about you baby And I dream about you all the time I'm here without you baby But you're still with me in my dreams And tonight it's only you and me The miles just keep rollin' As the people leave their way to say hello I've heard this life is overrated But I hope that it gets better as we go I'm here without you baby But you're still on my lonely mind I think about you baby And I dream about you all the time I'm here without you baby But you're still with me in my dreams And tonight girl its only you and me Everything I know, and anywhere I go It gets hard but it wont take away my love And when the last one falls When it's all said and done It g
When you are literally a thousand miles away with true friends, drunk out of your mind, singingand generally happy but you are still constantly thinking about that person wishing they were here wanting to hold and be held, it tells you something about your heart. I have never believed I'd love someone like that and that it'd be one of the deepest pains i've ever had. I just don't know what to do with you...You got under my skin and your making amends is falling apart at the seams. I just want to know the right answer to this, the right answer for my life and not just for the moment.
- When you're going insane, how do you know when you've arrived? - Why does bacon taste so good when pigs smell so bad? - Who taught Webster how to spell? - Why do people stop swimming when it starts to rain? - Who governs politicians? - If you fail at failing, does that make you a success? More to follow as I think of new questions. Feel free to add your own questions or comments :D
I am a person who believes very strongly is the idea that you must respect yourself in order for others to respect you. You will not find any pictures of me, online or otherwise, that are not tasteful, and I try to keep my language respectful. I do not add people to my friends on this site or any other, unless there is an oversight, that do not show at least a little decency and self respect. That is why, I guess, it bothers me so much to see so many, mostly young, men and women that create profiles that are so sexually suggestive that you would think they are about nothing else. It buggs the crap put of me that most of the people I run into online have no grasp of the idea that good spelling and grammar show intelligence. If they do, they do not seem to care. I shudder to think that some of these people have children, and that others ever might. For some of these people to have children, and behave the way they do, worries me about what interactions my child has with anyone's childr
ok people some of u seem to forget what the rules are for being in my family on here so here they are: 1). family add for family add!! and yes i do check to see if im in ur family, if i am not.... i will not give u warning but remove u from mine without hesitation 2). NO STEALING MY PICS!!!!! if there is one of my pics that u would like to have, just ask. 3). No going for more then a week without chatting with me or at least lettin me know that u was on my page (for those that are on a different schedule then me) for those of u that were lucky enough to get in my family, u know how u got there so please continue to be respectfull and dont break these simple rules. thanks, jami *aka*swtnsxyj
Im goin up for auction what my owner will get top spot in my family rated 11s every day 100 !1s mins 2 x a week a cam show once a week NSF salutes and safe salute gifts daily big pimpin gift at least 1 week kept full of bjs and sex on beach tee hee so let the biddin begin puttin in an incentive tee hee Im so dying for a divorce lol bling packs added and Ill add cam show daily yahoo permanent and if divorced paid for with join fan club as vip in yahoo
Pepsi is coming out with a new can, the patrotic can. It will have a picture of the Empire State Building and the pledge of alliance. But in the pledge ao alledgance they left out the words "under God". The reason for this was that they as a company did not want to offend anyone. I think that we should not buy any Pepsi products for fear that we might offend them because the American Dollar has " In God We Trust " on it. I would not want to offend them just as they did not want to offend any of us.
I am going to start a 50 U.S. Beauty contest. If you are from the U.S., private message me what you want to offer and 100K for the entry. The contest will open on May 15th and will run till Memorial Day. The entry must have a salute to be considered!
I found this in a magazine at one of the health/organic grocery stores I go to. Thought it was interesting and want to try some. I'm doing the fabric softener one now. Feel free to use and or all of these. ALL-PURPOSE CLEANER Suggested uses: hard surfaces like countertops and kitchen floors, windows and mirrors. 2 cups white distilled vinegar 2 cups water 20-30 or more drops of essential oil (optional) Tip: warm in microwave until barely hot to boost cleaning power for tough jobs. (only microwave in a glass container.) CREAMY SOFT SCRUB Suggested uses: kitchen counters, stoves, bathroom sinks, etc. 2 cups baking soda ½ cup liquid Castile soap 4 tsp vegetable glycerin (acts as a preservative) 5 drops antibacterial essential oil such as lavender, tea tree, rosemary or any other scent preferred (optional) Mix together and store in a sealed glass jar; shelf l
Her boyfriend is Craigrant Sercee. He uses See Julie to get people to send him money. The problem is that I was told by other internet sites that once he has your address, he'll keep extorting money from you. THAT'S SHIT I DON'T NEED IN MY LIFE! Her pics weren't stolen. Fubar found out about her scam, and took everything off her page, because the whole thing is a scam. Don't bother with See Julie. It's a scam.
I wrote this on April 12th, but I didn’t have my internet up and running at the time, so I couldn’t manage to post it right then, but I didn’t want to stop me from posting it all together. So here goes… You’re probably wondering why I’m still awake and typing this blog at, oh, almost 4AM. Well, any of you who are close to me should be able to figure that one out pretty swiftly on your own, but I’m going to spill it any way, for those of you who don’t know, and just to maybe ease my mind and my heart and possibly sleep again sometime this century. Today, April 12 2010, is the two year mark of the very last day I ever saw my father alive. The last time I would ever see his smile, hear his laugh, or feel the comfort of a father’s embrace. Because, two years ago tonight (tomorrow morning to be exact) at around 1AM in the morning, April 13, 2008, my father was unexpectedly, and brutally taken from our life’s. Two years ago toni
Hello everybody!! Trying to figure out the Fubar thing but am happy to be here. I already got in trouble for having a bathing suit picture up. Yikes! Sorry Fubar. I thought my first blog would be sharing one of my pro wrestling videos for NWA's Pro Wrestling Fusion. Check it out and enjoy: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=On6wVEoQf1g
She throws a fake smile and blows cigarette smoke my way, sexy swagger; and an innocent look. I want her. I see those Eyes trained to look cleaver, but the only thing clever is the smell of her perfume, it matches the seductive scent that all men want. I can't seem to see past her eyes, but instead I'm memorized into an open field of some what Familiar clouds. filled with thought from the past, present, and future. I know I should be regretting what I’ve done before I have even done it. But the time and place is all to perfect. It always is, and always seems to be. I tell myself to just do it' say, "hello." Years pass with mystery and wonder, Secrets, and Flames. Desires, and Passions, Like a book with no cover, Chapters with no meaning, Pages and Pages of empty life. Gazed in her eye's, Time gives me Reason. I look away and go back fifteen years, Never regret the wrong choices, But always know you are forgiven for the wrong ones. The sky lets me know how small we really are. A mic
Two ways to win an auto or cherry bomb. One way is highest bidder on one which wiill be in my pics to bid on, and the second way is bling me a 5 credit or higher bling from now til tuesday at 9pm fu time, everyone who blings me will be put in a drawing to win, will get bombed, and will get a one credit bling also. Good luck. The bidding on the auto or bomb will also end tuesday at 9 pm fu time. Winners will be posted in my stats at that time. :)
Love me or not,Life goes on! When you are single and are looking for friends,why is it that when you meet someone that you like they all ways try to take you over and rule your life like it's theres? So time to say good bye in my book..Get mad and move on,if that what it takes...
im not on here for a hook up or to flirt i know who i want and i know whwere she is she means the world to me and wouldnt trade her for the world i let her walk a way once b 4 and it seem im pushing her away now she has my heart and always will she is all i think about and she knows how i feel
Shimming in the moonlight, Sky is the faith in love that flies. Soaring throughout the mountain side, Heart's wonders do rise. Rare it is still and hard to hold, Like sand sifting through the fingers of your hand. Faith is strong, Yet love remains gone. We fill the void with not so wondrous things, Greed, hate, self hate, is the main. Humans are we a confusing lot, Longing for love, Yet we forgot. We forgot love so long ago what it really means for us all to hold. So softly and tenderly, Like a new born child. Real love is not meek nor is it mild, Real love my friend is so strong and so still;
Gum Disease Gum disease is also known as periodontal disease and periodontitis is an inflammatory condition affecting the tissues surrounding a tooth, and it is the leading cause of tooth loss. Gum disease is usually caused by a buildup of plaque, an invisible sticky layer of germs that forms naturally on the teeth and gums. Gum disease can be sneaky, sometimes causing little or no pain or irritation before permanent damage is done to your teeth.
CRUSH What a mystery love is, I thought that it wouldn't happen again But I was wrong I'm here again writing Writing about how I feel I fell again For a guy This guy seems like no other I've met I want to be more than just friends I know that I just recently met you But I can't help how you have made me feel I have a bit of a crush on you And that's all I got to say Why did it happen? I do not know Do I regret it? No I don't I want to be a part of your life And be someone special to you I want to keep your hugs And to stay at your side Don't judge me for what I'm saying But some how I find myself liking you I don't know how it happened But I do hope I can stay at your side And on this day I say to you I like you And there's nothing I can do about it I've tried not feeling this way But I can't help it So please let me stay at your side...
ATTENTION TO ALL: CAT OWNERS ** CAT LOVERS-FELINE FRIENDS**ANIMAL ADVOCATES ETC. Please take a few minutes to check out the following link for Save A Cat. By doing so, you can help those that are unable to help themselves. . .with NO COST to you, but your time. THANK YOU
"Being a Heartless Bitch isn't about stepping on other people, or reality TV-style sabotage antics. Its about working hard for what you want, and knowing when to stand up for what you deserve. Its not about demoralizing others; its about self-empowerment. Its not about being arrogant; its about displaying your confidence and intellect as a badge of pride. Its not asserting any inherent superiority or self-entitlement, but recognizing your own self-worth and value."
I just don't understand why people don't believe that you can let some one go if you see that they are not happy being with you, and still keep the friendship. If you are not happy I will let you go so that you can be happy, no matter how bad it hurts. If I truely have feelings for you I will put mine aside to make sure you will be happy. That's just how it should be.
Hi All, The May 19th rally in Washington D.C. is just around the corner and we still do not have enough pictures of people we have lost to hepatitis for our photo installation at the rally. Please send me the name, year of birth and death, and a photo. If you do not have a photo , send me the rest of the information. I can use a silhouette instead of an actual photo. We need your help to make this a success. Please send today! Deadline is Thursday May 6th. Contact Lorren at Lorren@HepCChallenge.org Save the Date: High Noon, May 19, 2010: Rally for Hepatitis on Capitol Hill! To learn more and to register to attend, endorse or support, visit www.nvhr.org or search This is Hepatitis on Facebook Lorren Sandt Executive Director Caring Ambassadors Program, Inc. PO Box 1748 Oregon City, OR 97045 Phone: 503-632-9032 Direct Line: 503-632-9030 FAX: 503-632-9038 ----- THANKS! Dawn Webb Debbullan.Org .
HERE IS WHERE YOU CAN GET ALL THE INFORMATION YOU NEED TO GET MY POINTS FOR 12 HOURS! Make sure you read this entire blog as I have something to fit everyone's needs! Send me an Auto 11 and 10 Million fubux (I only ask for the fubux as you recieve my fubux as well as my points. Sending a bomb in addition to the Auto 11 will get you much more points as i get anywhere from 3-5 million points with one bomb. That is not a requirement, just a suggestion. I can guarantee no specific amount of points. It all depends on the amount of rates, bombers and happy hours during the time I am giving you my points. If an auto is not an option for you I will do it for fubux. If I use my own auto it is 25 million fubux, without an auto it is 10 million fubux. I will also give my points for a Happy Hour. You will be given a shout out in my happy hour status. A 30 day blast will also get you my points and a shout in the blast. ALSO WILL GIVE U MY POINTS FOR 2 BOOMYS OR AN AUTO
*jaded* described as: no longer interested in something, often because of being over exposed; exhausted; fatigued by over work: made dull, apathetic, or cynical by experience or by surfeit: satiated, tired, bored, worn out, done in, spent, drained, shattered, fed up, wearied, uninterested, listless. *juliet* is described: as a headstrong, intelligent, character in spite of her age. timid at times bc she is so young. considered to be the true hero. she is a balance for her impulsive romeo. she is the one who sets the boundaries in her relationship. her forgiveness indicates her mature nature in contrast to his passionate impulsiveness. a far more complex character than her family, or even romeo, can appreciate. by far the stronger of the 2. she is abandoned, beaten, betrayed and led into a folly. she forged ahead, faced fears, defied social customs, and went against her parents. just to lose her love and in so realizes her life is worthless without him. *a star-crossed lover.*
Random Facts (I'm only doing this because my under the cover lesbian Witchie said pretty please with sugar on top) 1. My depression meds have killed my sex drive 2. I once went two weeks and couldn't make myself cum :( 3. I have no contact with my mother and father, although they live only 15 minutes away. 4. I was my best friend's first lesbian experience and she tells any guy she is with now I can give head better then him. 5. If I had more cash, I would be a drug addict. 6. Curve cologne makes my mouth water and my thighs tingle. 7. I have sent topless pictures to Jonathon Davis and Fieldy from Korn and talked with them on the phone after a show. 8. I am slightly obsessed with tattooed guitar players 9. I love and trust people to easily 10. I love Reese's Cups
I would like to know of a good turf that I can join. With no drama, with people backing up people, and one where I can grow. I would like to start off as an associate and work to a soldier as soon as possible. Please help.
Next summer June 15th I am leaving my home town to drive to 49 of the 50 United States. I want to go to each state and interview at least one family or individual who will allow me into their lives for a hour, or even a day. During these visits, I want to be interviewed as well. The people I visit will be asked to interview me and come up with three questions for the next person I visit. The point of this trip? I am a Southern Californian born and raised. I wouldn't rather have grown up anywhere else. But I refuse to be ignorant. I want to meet people across the country and learn from them things I can't learn from anyone here. The internet is a great way to culturize (yes I made that up) yourself but I am so sick of meeting people and gaining friends on a computer screen. Its time to take this social networking phenomenon to a tangible relationship. I would like to stay in contact with everyone I meet on this trip as well as bring some of them together as well. Willi
my life can basically be summed up through a series of songs i listen to, some would make perfect sense to anyone others it is hard to see the relationship between the song and myself. sometimes i dont even understand that relationship myself. some musics' message to me is clear and like a fist to the face others....very subtle and nebulas. music is ever changing and becoming more complex as it progresses just as life is and as both continue i realize that my list of questions and fascination continue to expand just as my answers dwindle. so if i appear to sometimes be "caught in a mosh" well.... i am
events have occured recently that have caused me to slip away from myself and there are a few here that might actually care about this. there are things i have said/done recently that do not reflect who i am and sometimes it is a real struggle to maintain what i am, what i wish to be. as all of us are i am a work in progress and now reality needs to settle in and the fun must begin, letting any serious notions on this site just slip away and enabling me to be the more light hearted, and enlightened one i once felt i was. of course there is a good possibilty that i am not all that enlightened lol
I thought I had been in love before,I thought my last love was the perfect match for me,But i had thought wrong cuz when I met you,Everything became so clear,that I been waiting all along for you.Never have I felt something like this.Its amazing what you can feel though only words.Imagine what it will be like when we finally meetThough people don't believe what you and I have.the most important thing is, I don't dout it.and I'm sure you don't either. ------------------------------------------------I wrote this poem especially for you,to show you what my feelings are going through.The moment I saw you my heart was sold,the two of us together will never be cold.Your are my baby day by day,I hope you will never ever go away.All of you is what I need,Please tell me where it can lead.-----------------------------------------------The touch of his hands upon my body send chills though my soul/His lips upon mine oh how bitter sweet/His arms that hold me oh so tight lets me know am safe/The wo
That knocked up lady told me to blog about stuff that was bothering me but I don't want to talk about it so how about some gems from my in box. Actual subject lines: 1. Tells us where we should send ur funs. um... directly to my pants? 2. $500,000 in life insurance for just pennies a day. i refuse to be worth more dead than alive. 3. Stay home with the kids and generate income. I did that when I was in high school. I called it babysitting. 4. How does your building taste? *licks walls* mmmm like disappointment. 5. Police openings cavity search? 6. This is about the money you owe. *deletes* 7. Get your hair back in as little as 4 weeks. fuck you, i paid a lot of money to get that stuff lasered off. 8. Michelle's weekend plan; go to compusa. nu-uh.... i was gonna go see Hair in the park. 9. A birthday wish from betty crocker My birthday wish is that my fat ass never even heard of Betty crocker. 10. A place for mom at senior living. happy mother's day mom. We're dump
♥ஜ♥When you feel sad and betrayed Who can you count on every single day? When you feel lost and alone Who will be there for you in every way? When you've made mistakes and bad decisions Who can you count on to tell you you're wrong? When you feel you can't go on Who will be there with a feel-better song? Look into your heart and you will find That person you can trust is not far away. Look deep into yourself, don't give up, For if you do, it's yourself you'll betray. When you're looking for answers To all your questions and dreams, There is one person you can count on, It's impossible, I know, it seems. But take a few moments to look deeper inside. Look into your heart and there you will see. You'll be surprised when you find out That you've been looking at ME.♥ஜ♥
the best way to pretect your pet constrictors an rights to own them is to speek out ,dont keep what u have to say in your head .an keep your constrictors housed propperly.not just some plywood box or aquirem they need propper housing good owners knw this.though.im not here to tell anyone how to keep their pets.but 4 u that keep them safe .an knw they need are help to live .please protect them from others such as gov .no person or goverment should hav the wright to destroy such creachers if it was a aligators killing humans they would just capture an remove to better enviromet.so why not do the same with pytons of florida im ashame i was born in a state wheir thy are destroying such creachers.an what they are not telling everyone is that the indigo snake can reach 12 ft i knw this because ive seen first hand that they can an do an indigo snakes can be just as dangerouse as any pyton to tell all of u the truth any snake can kill its in their nature .so dont let goverment bs anyone .a
Next Monday, I will be adopting this little guy and his sister. I have a name chosen for the little girl, Mocha, but I've yet to fall in love with a name for him. Ideally, it would somehow go with Mocha's name, because they are littermates. Possibly another coffee-related name, or a name that starts with M. So, I'm looking to my Fu friends to help me out here! P.S. The name MUST be SFW! :)
I've had a heavy heart for Bret Michael's. He is the musician who had a massive brain hemorrhage last week. His doctors are giving a complete diagnosis and recovery agenda to the public today at 12 Noon Mountain Time. Oh, I hope he will be able to recover. It is said it will be a miracle if Bret can totally recover from all of this. :( For those that do not know who I am referring: This is Bret!
do u feel sometime no matter what u do or say it wrong in so many way u cry inside and scear to tell someone so u keep all inside of u so u think of going away and never come back
my all women site i created come check it out its free 380 members and 6200 members photos 18-61 year olds, videos, chat, games, blogs add any kind of photo and wont be deleted if you cant join using internet explorer download goggle chrome or fire fox, it works much better with the site http://grou.ps/marbrown86/grou.ps
Dear Ladies with Large Mammary Glands, I feel the need to apologize to you for getting all excited when i see your boobies. I failed to realize at the time that they come with their own sets of problems... Witchie I'm sorry i masturbated and squirted to your boobies. Hellyion I'm sorry that I want to masturbate and squirt to yours. Witty in the wet t shirt...mmm Mrs Bad crumble oh my.. I did not know what i know now... I did not know what life was like with large mammary glands, I am sorry that when you take your bra off there are indents of the bra left behind, That your back aches for hours from carrying such a heavy load. I didn't realize how many idiots talk to your breasts. I was one of those people and I'm sorry. Even tonight when i was talking to the asshole ( my lovely husband who i cherish and adore) i realize men only care about themselves. He said and let me quote "i ain`t gotta lug them around" This is when it dawned on me. Men just want to lube them up and sli
I need to let a few things off my chest, and I need to scream it out and maybe finally someone will start listen, though I doubt it. If they haven’t yet, they probably never will. And forwarning to people who hate reading pissy, whiny stuff then move along, cause this is one big rant that I hope blows up the planet. I work my ass off every bit that I can. Sometimes it doesn’t show, but I always try my damndest. All I ever wanted, for as far back as I can think of, before I even realized this is what I was looking for was respect. Respect, and a little acknowledgment for all the work I put in. Don’t we all want that? Is it really that much to ask for? Every job I’ve worked I’ve done everything I could within my power; I’d stay later, come earlier, switch with other peoples shifts so they can do whatever, I’d do whatever I was asked to do to the best of my ability, I’d even stay an extra 15 minutes just to make sure things are stock
Global satellite television stations including News, Sports, Entertainments, live TV and many more. Web TV channels are existing on watchtview to viewers from around the world on a regular broadband Internet link. Watch TV Online
for those of you that REALLY know me and know who i am, you know i'm a helpless romantic. i can't help it. its how i show my emotion. i guess its a trait i got from my mother. well the point of this blog is for those that know what happend to me a while ago. my wife at the time left me and never returned. i was sooooo heart broken. i thought i would never find love again. i thought i would never find peace. all i ever really wanted was to fight for someone. well i found that someone FINALLY. when i was lost i found my heart and soul back. then SHE came into my life. it wasn't easy at first and i had to work for her. but i finally won her over. she lets me be who i am and i don't have to pretend like i'm someone else around her. thats not easy to find in this world. someone that will let you be you ya know ??? she's an amazing woman and i gotta say thats the ONE good thing fubar is good for. we met here. actually we've known eachother for a while but never
CHANGE HOW YOU FEELWhat if you could change how you feel? Whenever you wanted. Would that be valuable?Read on.Some of you won't believe this until you try it.Some of you won't even try it.Some of you will try it and fail because you don't WANT to give up the feelings you say you hate.But if you are committed to growing and changing, this is a tool you will find invaluable. It takes practice to become competent, ESPECIALLY for men, because we have been trained to suppress all but certain emotions.But even men can succeed with determination and practice.Suppose, for example, you are feeling sad, but want to feel happy. You can do that. But not in the way you were taught. Most of you were taught to just stop feeling sad, and put on a happy face, and just BE happy. Didn't work so well, did it.It didn't work because whatever we resist persists. Your resistance to the sad feelings means they are still there, even if you tell yourself to stop being sad, and start being
I was UntouchableMy emotions roped in placeNever feeling more than I wished to...I was UntouchableBut this disease,This curse,Crept into my bodySilently seeping into my skinWiggling into my veinsOvertaking my organs...I was UntouchableUntil he told me that he loved me...I was UntouchableUntil I realized that I loved him...Now all I want is for his touch
If you've read some of my other blogs you know I don't get along well with my parents. They live about 15 minutes away from where I currently live. In the 16 years since I have been married they have come to my home a total of twice. I have three beautiful children : Wilson soon to be 15 Kinsely will be 13 and Olivia soon to be 10 Now I have sucked up my pride and visited them, several times and felt really bad when my mother came down with cancer (which is in remission by the way) My children need their grandparents, I need a mother and fater. Sorry this was all brought on last night after seeing them in Wal Mart 3 different times and not so much of a head nod was directed to me. *sigh* I just want them to care for 1 day, is that to much to ask?
u would never think the people u call family would fuc u and do sneaky shit behind ur bac and take something that means the world to u away because they want what u have.saddens me to even think that shit.
Please vote on the sexiest legs on Fubar Contest... A vote and comment are needed in this contest... Just click on the pic/link to vote for my legs... Thank you for your vote and support...
Standing firm against all odds guarding the most sacred home. We protect the realm of Gods our destiny is carved in stone. Three evil giants from the South are constantly on the attack. With lies and fire, from their mouths, but we always send them back. We are brothers, of the Norn, who are sharing the Old Father's blood. Marching down the left hand path, we are spawned by Asa Gods. Cuz we are we're the guardians guardians of Asgaard. Guardians of Asgaard. Guardians... of Asgaard. We have faced our enemies, a thousand times, or even more. Still they cannot make us kneel, one thousand years of constant war. The giants look for, any chance, to bring down Asgaards mighty walls. No matter what they send at us, We will never let it fall. Cuz we are... we're the guardians Guardians of Asgaard Guardians Guardians of Asgaard Guardians of Asgaard. Standing firm against all odds. We are guarding Asgaards mighty walls. We protect the realm of Asa Gods.
I have been observing, that almost everywhere I go, women and teens have tattoos. When I was growing up, even in the city, girls just didn’t get tattoos…or if you did have one, it was hidden. I never seen one that I would like for myself, nor thought it was the right thing for me. To each their own, I say, if you like it, then that is your choice but have always thought it was interesting to another’s art choice. Now I feel like I am one of the few, who is not sporting this body art…It makes me wonder, do these young girls, get them, just because their friends are doing it??? …and are they really considering that it is a lifetime decision and what do men “really” think of this body art on women?
Its what I GET to do todayI was filled with ease and comfort this morning. I attended a counseling meeting with my daughter this morning and the councilor said to me that “ it is great to see a father stepping up and being a man and taking responsibility for his family.” I was holding my 2 week old grandson and I had to think about being a man for a minute and what stepping up was all about. You see I don’t feel I knew how to be a man all that long ago in fact it has just been in the past few years that I feel I have become a man. Before that I wasn’t much more than a selfish toddler in a mans body. Oh I knew about responsibility but it was a duty a chore so to speak and I avoided that sort of thing as much as possible. I really hadn’t learned how to even take responsibility for my own action. Of course I sure thought I was a man but see my values were a bit skewed. I suffered from to many John Wayne, Clint Eastwood move ideas of what a man is supposed to
Suppose you offered your home to a family member, their fiancee, and his kids while they were supposed to be fixing their house so they could move into it. You do this out of the goodness of your heart because you don't want to see the kids homeless. So, a month goes by and NOTHING has been done with their place except more damage in the name of repairing it. The fiancee's sister comes to town and without asking, it is simply assumed that it's OK, she moves into your house as well, with her two kids. Let's also suppose that you ask for nothing in return for your hospitality except for buying food and doing a few household chores. This goes on for 7 months before the manager of the park (yeah it's a trailer pa...err, mobile home community) tell you that having 13 people in your house is not allowed for obvious reasons. Said manager comes to your house one night and informs the 7 others "staying" there that they have until the end of the month to vacate, and the sister, who never filled
its impossible for me answer gift messages if I have 500 tequilas or daquris or whatever itds startin to gettin be borin deletin and I miss gifts that are real if I miss u Im ss but its this bs with lazy round drinks so as im busy chasin boomarangs these days and tryin find real friends and fufriends plz for give me I do try level a few as I can with sendin bulltens or shares or my user status so just lettin e1 Im a point ho and freely admit it but love to return help as I can when I can just let me know
So hi everyone! Welcome to my first blog on fubar.com! I just joined last night and it's been brilliant! I'm getting a new corset and I'm offering pictures of me IN the corset for donations of any amount on my website. Check it out at www.ayianna.com Meanwhile! A little intro to the craziness of my life. I gave birth 9 months ago to a little girl. I've been breastfeeding until lately when it all seemed to crash. The more stress I have the less I produce it seems. So my bosom has grown substantially to meet her needs and I am at the critical phase of needing some support for the girls!My idea is to get a corset, lace it properly, break it in gently, and wear the crap out of it for some righteous cleavage! I think it sounds like alot of fun!
How many of these did YOU know about? A sealed envelope - Put in the freezer for a few hours, then slide a knife under the flap. The envelope can then be resealed. &n b sp;(hmmmmmm..) Use Empty toilet paper roll to store appliance cords. It keeps them neat and you can write on the roll what appliance it belongs to. For icy door steps in freezing temperatures: get warm water and put Dawn dish washing liquid in it. Pour it all over the steps. They won't refreeze. (wish I had known this for the last 40 years!) To remove old wax from a glass candle holder, put it in the freezer for a few hours. Then take the candle holder out and turn it upside down. The wax will fall out. Crayon marks on walls? This worked wonderfully! A damp rag, dipped in baking soda. Comes off with little effort (elbow grease that is!).
Okay so this is my first blog on fubar. I have done blogginf before just not on here so I just wanted to say to everybody, if you have a topic you would like answers to let me know and I will try my best to answer them.Thanks, Allissia
if u are not in any group u are one who is left behind the out cast i been this one for long time but i try to be in the lounge or click it just back fire on me maybe i am the out cast who just watch who never join and for all the out cast good luck trying to get in
Don't forget: Mother's Day is Coming! (Ha! As if I need to remind you! Lol!) Anyway, I have compiled a list of songs that, I think, are appropiate for that occasion. I stuck with songs that have a light-hearted (or, at least, up-tempo) vibe to them instead of songs by John Lennon (too sad), E.L.O. (see John Lennon), The Police (too psychotic), Genesis (too evil) and just about any country song you can think of ('nuff said). Some songs on here you might recognize, some you might not. At any rate, here's my Mother's Day Baker's Dozen. ARTIST: SONG: Jan Bradley Mama Didn't Lie Jethro Tull For a Thousand Mothers Kate Bush Mot
I see we can enter in fubar using facebook,but saw news. Two weeks ago, social networking giant Facebook announced a radical new vision for the Internet - all online activity involving Facebook would be "social by default." Think about what that means: All of your personal information, and all of your online activity, automatically shared by Facebook with anyone, anytime it wants to, without your permission. Best to have good spyware programs. Peace
When little bunnies are running in the middle of the road without their momm and they can't get over the curb, you should pick them up and put them in some bushes away from the road; not too far away, but mommies can find their babies within 200m of where they left them. Mommy bunnies come back for their babies only in the morning and at night. so the babies are alone all day, but that doesn't mean they are abandoned. Also, the vet said that it is a rumor that if you touch a baby bunny that its mommy will reject it! So, pick it up so the crows don't eat it and hide it in some bushes. You don't need to bring them to the vet unless they are distressed, hurt, or you haven't seen their mom for over 24 hours.
I'm going to start off by saying I love my country. Having said that, doesn't mean I like how it's being governed. I don't belong to any political party so there is not a hidden agenda here. Just my opinion. Neither of the 2 major parties is in touch with the American people and it is obvious.The only time they seem to agree anymore is when it's time for their raises. Oh yeah, no fillibusters or holdouts then. Like they don't get paid enough under the table. Special interest groups, big business, and all the other lobbyists run this country. No longer do the American people. And it is obvious to me that the almighty dollar has has more influence than the people who wake up everyday and work for it. Your vote is just a ticket to the party for these pricks. Politics as usual. Suited whores. Their souls and votes our sold to the highest bidder. All you have to do is read the fine print. Hidden costs in bills that need to be passed, just some more underhanded bullshit the American people
Administrators at a California high school sent five students home on Wednesday after they refused to remove their American flag T-shirts and bandannas -- garments the school officials deemed "incendiary" on Cinco de Mayo. The five teens were sitting at a table outside Live Oak High School in Morgan Hill, Calif., on Wednesday morning when Assistant Principal Miguel Rodriguez asked two of them to remove their American flag bandannas, one of their parents told FoxNews.com. The boys complied, but were asked to accompany Rodriguez to the principal's office. The five students -- Daniel Galli, Austin Carvalho, Matt Dariano, Dominic Maciel and Clayton Howard -- were then told they must turn their T-shirts inside-out or be sent home, though it would not be considered a suspension. Rodriguez told the students he did not want any fights to break out between Mexican-American students celebrating their heritage and those wearing American flags. Dariano's mother, Diana, told FoxNews.com she and
Did you know that the United States just experienced one of the worst natural disasters in it's recorded history? Maybe not. Because the news coverage on this event has been short and in many cases, non-existant. This past weekend, the South experienced torrential downpours and heavy thunderstorms that dropped an unprecendented 13+ inches of rain in a 48 hour period, breaking the previous record from 1979 of 6.68 inches of rain in 48 hours. That's almost twice the amount of the previous record. The rivers couldn't handle it anymore. They were already swelled from the large amount of rain the area received almost two weeks ago and there was no time for the waters to receed. Particularily of note is the Cumberland River, which winds it's way down through downtown Clarksville (where I live), through the farmlands and residential areas of Northern Tennessee, to Nashville, past the Grand Ole Opry, past the Titan's LP Field in downtown Music City and then continuing South through the rural
I have a bunch of photos that are used in Google Earth that I take on rides and a lot of them are not on here .. I have some High Resolution ones on there that are to large for Fubar.. Drop by the page and peek and some of those shots and let me know what you think.. http://www.panoramio.com/user/4364739
I'm a snuggle bear, write poetry and blog a lot, in a hurry for a birdie I can snog a lot. I'm the kinda guy that you should get to know. Give you a neck message, make your vagina explode. I like pop punk, hip-hop and NPR. If I had a Huffy, you could ride the handlebars. Got some battle scars but that means I survived. Now I'm lookin' for a lady to walk by my side. Better like Boy meets World and Lost. Gotta have a little bit of soul, no WASPs. Red hair helps, keep those hips on lock. No fatties, no fuglies, I only hunt fox. Do you like Metal Gear, 'cause I wanna see your box. Do you like what you hear 'cause I got the bon motts. If you're a snuggle bear, got the cuddle onslaught. Yo, I rhyme about the booty, but I like it on top. You don't have to be a nerd, yo. Could you do the opera, could you do an Ergs show? I step off the stage and I'm totally alone. Maybe's why I'm always runnin' to the 'dro. I need a counterpart, need a better half; good sense of humor, yeah, you better like t
I would like to know if anyone can teach me how to make things so that I can have different styles on my page. I would really appreciate it. Thank you all.
Do you believe you computer is infected? Are you runnning antivirus and still think your infected?In some cases you may be. Just because you have a valid antivirus and it comes back with zero results doesn't mean that your computer has not been infected. You also need protection against malware.A common thing to find on machines besides viruses is MALWARE. What is malware? Malware is maliciouis software that is designed to affect your machine in various ways to cause problems. Some common symptoms maybe that your web browsers may not work, some of your programs will not start, you have problems installing new software, your antivirus won't update. In most cases you can remove malware with additional software programs made specifically for this type of problems. In the worst case you will have to reload the operating system back on you computer. Remember, just because you need to reload your machine it doesn's mean you have to loose all your data. There are ways to backup your data.!!!W
Welcome to ROYALTY RIGHTS.org! Where WE TREAT YOU LIKE ROYALTY AND you can always find superior strains suitable for the KOTTONMOUTH KINGS, AND QUEENS OF THE the highEST courtS OF THE LAND! Our goals SIMPLE: to reliably, discreetly, PROFESSIONALLY, and safely provide qualified medical marijuana patients of Orange County with the highest quality, top-shelf medicine available, AT THE LOWEST DONATIONS POSSIBLE. each and every delivery. www.RoyaltyRights.org ! With Royalty Rights, you will always find superior strains suitable for the Kings, Queens and the higher court of the land! Our goals are to professionally,reliably, discreetly, and safely provide qualified medical marijuana patients of Orange County with the highest quality, SUPERIOR top-shelf medicine available, each and every delivery. We are a California Non-Profit Corporation formed by OC patients, for OC patients
I should be cramming for a test tomorrow. I had my theory exam today and I got a 92. 92. I look at the number and want to be excited about it but ultimately it was a pass/fail test and in that kind of case who gives a shit if you made a 100 or the lowest possible passing grade. That idiot with the 80 will still be standing next to me in the next phase sucking up my good air and taking clients that i should get. In some ways i feel like I overshot things somehow and maybe I should have conserved some of my energy. I've got nothing left for tomorrow but at least if i fail that test I won't fail the phase. haha fail the phase... I like alliteration. Other things I like are the girls at the coffe shop in downtown. i grabbed a coffee after the test because I had nothing better to do. This isn't a Starbucks or Dunkin. This is a place that changes the art on the walls every month. And the owner works behind the counter. And she will throw you out on your ass if you try to talk to her about J
Rainbow Club is the only group on FuBar that is for Bi Sexual, Bi Curious, Gay & Lesbians! We r more like a family then a group! We want everyone 2 have fun! We r just starting out but give me time..it will be awesome! The link 2 the page is bellow! Check it out! It wont hurt! Remember..u dont have 2 join though 2 be a friend! We r always looking 4 new friends as well! If u would like 2 join please read the blog on the Rainbow Clubs page! Then message us & let us know! Thanks, SexyBiChris =)
If it takes forever I will wait for you For a thousand summers I will wait for you Till you're back beside me Till I'm holding you Till I hear you sigh
Discover an Unbelievably Quick and Easy Way to Earn Up to $150 Per Day Without Leaving Your Home Everyday companies pay big bucks to people like you just to know what you're thinking. They're desperate to understand how you think and shop and why you buy certain products. This helps them improve their products. So they pay YOU good money for your opinion. They Need You! Right now, I have hundreds of market research firms looking for survey takers. If you're a housewife, stay at home mom, student, retired, working full-time, or just looking to make some extra cash, this is your ticket to fun, easy money! money-maker
Not real long ago but long enough to say awhile ago, i had found love and happiness but it didnt find me. This has been my cycle of abuse in a way. What i dont get is that love is almost the only word that the definition is defined by ones looking for it or have found it, and while it can vary greatly from one to the next, why is it so hard for it to find me when i know my definition is not a demanding one? Based on my life's experiences and interacts with the world, i know i am atleast better than average in almost every aspect that people uses to define what they want in a mate, yet i am alone. I also know i am not perfect, i do make mistakes, i do do the wrong things at the wrong times sometimes but who does not? And i can always admit those mistakes. "Love you forever" might as well be song lyrics for as many times as i have heard it, yet i am here alone. Loving someone and being with someone can be two different things, for me, it is not. If i love someone, i long for them,
I have been on fu for almost 3 yrs now ..and never have I seen such stupidity and ass-in-mindedness! I just got a pic marked NSFW...said pic had me eating a popsicle...no not deepthroating it...it was just in my mouth.. When brought to a bouncers attention I was told that ..it was sexually suggestive...WTF! I used this pic as my primarty picture while running autos, bombing, and during my HH! Have we gotten that pussified that everything is sexually suggestive? Isnt this site in itself..SEXUALLY SUGGETIVE! FUBAR is an online BAR! Look at the drinks! Screaming ORgasms...blowjobs...Sex on the beach...hmmm are these not suggestive at all? We have a whole section of gifts that is explicitly Sex gifts for christ sake! What about the blings! Do Me! Screw Me! Fishnets! Victoria Secrets! But yet we go around pointing fingers and being little tattletails if someones picture is not taken in a church! WTF! I see pictures scrolling all day that have cleavage, short skirts
Window panes come crashing downAmidst the tears and painVanishing hopes are gone and flew awayUp above through twilightShadows cast across the floorReflections of the pastTrembling thoughts of oneDwelling deep within the soulA mystical sense of realityCaptured by the crazeAll in bewildermentOf the shock in the waveCreatures of the dimnessChattering amongst the greenEverything slows in stillnessWhat is this we see? If these walls could talk,you'd know my body is dead,my mind has been taken over,that's why I am so scared,I can't control it,anger is making me blind,I've been left here on my ownchained to a hate of some kind.If these walls could talk. If these walls could talk,you'd know about my fears,about all those nights I screamed for help,about all my fallen tears.You'd know about the demonshaunting me at night,you'd be able to help mekeep my fire alight,if these walls could talk. If these walls could talkthey would say that it's all right,God sends His angelsto look over me at
My mother's day last year was spent in the ER because of a migraine. This year my two girl's picked out my present all on their own and of course couldn't wait until tomorrow for being excited. They got me 5 of the eight pack Reese's Cup and the dvd Where the Wild Things Are. BEST MOTHER'S DAY EVER
Please take a moment to read this and see if you are able to help me. I have bill that urgently needs to be paid and have been without reliable income for a period of time that has left me unable to pay.I am unable to get public assistance for this bill but if I do not get it paid I will be without internet or computer. My proposition is that I will trade someone my fubucks for a Western Union transfer for the same amount we would normally trade for a bling pack.I usually pay between 120 and 130 million for a 135 credit bling pack.I would be willing to pay 150 million for a $100 Western Union transfer rather than the bling pack. No one loses in this as the result for the sender would be the same.The only difference is that I would get tha money to pay my bill rather than Fubar. Please...if you are in need of fubucks and willing to trade for a bling pack....let me know.I'm available on YIM at Rob3495@Yahoo.com or in my sb for the remainder of the weekend.Thank you.....Robert Wal
My Friend As the sun dips down to the west, The skies turn pink to a blush color; The wind blows my hair back across my broad shoulders; I look across the beach and find a soaked red rose drowning int he ocean I picked it up and said, I pick you up like I would pick anybody that is down my friend; Dream of Desire Dreams, Dreams, Dreams, show themselves and disappear; They come forth and then leave; When I dream of you, My heart melts into a liquid love to surround you, and never lets you out of my sight; The ocean crashes like thunder, lightning flashes through the dark windy night; The birds scream their flawless echo's across the sea; All that is left is your love heating me with desire; Dream Spell As I look off in the distant blue ocean; As the crystal wind blows through my hair; I dreamed of a next walking up to her and giving her a rose; A rose which was leading my heart out to hers; the beautiful woman grasped the rose firmly; I blacked out, but whe
i feel worthless i feel empty i feel like my heart just got ripped out and stomped i feel like I'm not good enough to be loved or wanted. fuck it just fuck it all I'm tired of trying and ending up with nothing in the end I'm sick of the pain i just want to numb I'm tired of my heart hurting i just want to cut it out of my body so i have no care in the word anymore I'm tired of my soul feeling empty and lonely i just wanna grab it throw it on the ground and set it on fire so their for i will be a empty heartless person for the rest of my life with no care no meaning of love no feeling of want anymore for the rest of my life...
Ode to a Marine.In a crowd you're bound to spot him, He's standing so very tall Not too much impresses him; He's seen and done it all. His hair is short, his eyes are sharp, But his smile's a little blue. It's the only indication Of the hell that he's gone through. He belongs to a sacred brotherhood, Always Faithful 'til the end. He has walked right into battle And walked back out again. Many people think him foolish For having no regrets About having lived through many times Others would forget. He's the first to go and last to know, But never questions why, On whether it is right or wrong, But only do or die. He walks a path most won't take And has lost much along the way, But he thinks a lot of freedom, It's a small price to pay. Yes, he has chosen to live a life Off the beaten track, Knowing well each time he's called, He might not make it back. So, next time you see a Devil Dog Standing proud and true, Be grateful for all he's given; He's given it for you. Don't go
I love the way you make me laugh I love the way you make me cry Tears of joy stream from my eyes As I hear your voice, a loving surprise. I love you when you're angry I love you when you're sad I love you when you're glad When you tell me of the day you had I love you truly I love you deeply Ever since the day I let you meet me I missed you when you left I miss you now more than ever Making a mistake that I regret Hoping that you are a forgiver Without you, my life is strife But now I ask for a second chance Be with me and start a life Together forever, an eternal dance I wait for you as the days go by My love is growing inch by inch I cannot wait to see you again But I wait for you, and your warm kiss I love you
My Love Your love is what keeps me going. My heart beating, my blood flowing. The precious words I yearn to hear. Losing you is the only thing I fear. I have faith god will do us right. We will not give up with out a fight. Together we can conquer it all. Just keep your head up and stand tall. So many others care so deeply for you. Don't get discouraged, you know what to do. Pray to God and keep love inside. You can't lose your almighty pride. Because I love you with all of me. With out you I just can't be. You're in my heart forever, were never apart. Our souls were latched from the start.
Everything I hope you don't know, I hope you don't see, All of the feelings Bursting inside of me. I wish I could tell you I wish I could let you know All of these feelings I would like to show. I lay in bed Hope and pray You will wake up And realize some day. Maybe one day you will know Maybe you will see Although I meant nothing to you, You meant everything to me.
¨B·٠•¡ñ♥ Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ ♥¡ñ•٠·¨B If your Mom is your hero,your best friend or just the best Mom ever... Whether you are blessedto have your Mom still with you, or if she is an angel in heaven...let everyone know you are proud of your Mom, and that you love her dearly! I Love You,Mom ¨B٠•¡ñ♥Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ ♥¡ñ•٠·¨B
One more exam, one more project, two more practicals one potluck left to go and I move on to A2. I didn't feel like I was learning much this phase. What with all the time in nail jail and being taken off the salon floor to go do other things than hair. But after doing my last hair model's hair I can tell I have come a long way baby! This was a friend of a friend and her hair was in distress. she had been going to a professional but when she told me how that lady was doing her hair I was worried if I did what I wanted to her, hair was going to fall out. She had thin, finely textured hair and her past stylist was double processing it. she was coming to me for highlights but once I saw her hair I new we had to do a little more before I would let her go to her birthday party later that night. I think she might have been a little scared when she saw me. I have been letting my personal styling fall to the side while I've been dealing with the stress of exams and moving and ... well... eve
For the past 10yrs comin up for i have missed you,you were always there for me when i needed you but tragic circumstances took you n dad away,i kno you both are happy and in no more pain and i kno you both are watchin down over me, on days like this and others you are in my thawts and im glad of that im just writin this as im feelin pretty emotional and wish you were here 2 give me a cuddle n tell me everything is goin to be ok,soundsa bit soppy but thats me,i hope you liked the flowers i put on you n dads grave i kno roses were always your favourite now i kno where i get it from,neway just a short thawt in which to let you both kno that you are both still alive in my heart and always will be....i love you both on this day i miss you dad even tho we had our ups n downs u were always there fo me so its another hard day ppl dont seem to realise when u lose ppl so close to you unda not normal circumstances its a better thing well its not,to lose the two ppl who i love most in this world
(read bottom to top) Dingdong: just waking up though some parts of me are more awake than others - where r u from? To Dingdong: ok...u? Dingdong: how r u today
"Under My Skin" - Mudvayne :DNailed inside my head,Fuck this I don't need your shit,All the lies deceit and arrogance,Talk your shit like my life is some kinda game,Like you fuckin' know me,Just go far away and be small,Run far away and be small,Go lie in a hole and be small,Thorns, splinters, pushing,Under my skin,They want in,Sharpened tongue to penetrate me,If you really think you got what it takes to be me,Then walk a mile in the skin of my head case mental being,So you want a piece of this life that belongs to me,Well make a cut on the line and take a deeper look inside of thefreak,That is me, fucker, come on,Disturb, search me, prying up all my scalesTo get in lance the core to penetrate me,So you want inside of me,So you want a piece of this,So you want to tear me down, for your own selfish wants and needsDisturb, search me, prying, up all my scales,To get in, lance the core to penetrate me,So you want inside of meSo you want a piece of me,So you want to drag me down,For your
Timeless I want to be a lost poem in a stranger's coat pocket that conveys the importance of you, To assure you of my desire, To assure you of my dreams. I want all the possibilities of you in writing. I want to give you your reflection. I want your eyes on me. I want everything before you to follow us And leave a trail behind us. I want never to say good-bye to you, Even on the street corner nor phone. I want. . . . . . I want so much I'm breathless. I want to bring my power in a poem to burn a hole in your pocket, So then I could sew it. I want you to be distant and feel you close. I want endless days when its day, And nighttime never to end when its night. I want all seasons in one day. I want the sun to set before us, And come up in front of us. I want to think you're thoughts, Because they're mine. I want only what's urging you. I want to get in the way of your barriers. I want you to be tender like you do already. I want to say we meet for a reason, A
Beauty, it is what I see in your eyes. When I touch your body, it feels like silk. Your lips, like rose petals. Your hair, as Dark and as Beautiful as a moonlit summers night. Beautiful in Everyway. Your personality, that of a playful puppy. Your attitude, as Dark as the Darkest recesses of my mind. Your, body as pale as the Moon. Beautiful in Everyway. Words flow from your Lips like that of Poetry, fallin up on my ears, Lovin everything you say. Beautiful in Eveyway, that is what you are to me. Rick
Wish You Where Here I fall asleep thinking of you. dreaming of things I wish were true. As I wake I shed a tear,cause I awake without you here.
I copied this from another blog that I also write and felt like sharing it with you guys. Here are some things about me that you may not know about me. *Born: Canada *Astrological Sign: Pisces (Scorpio Rising) *Chinese Zodiac: Year of the Horse *Status: Married since July 15 2007 *Weight: 120lbs *Bra Size: 34 C *Tattoos/Piercings: I use to have my navel pierced. Would love to get a tattoo one day. *Ethnicity: French Canadian, Irish *About My Family: My parents married for 40+ years, 2 older brothers who are in their late 30's and early 40's and a half-sister who is in her mid 40's *Pets: Shitzu/Pekinese. *Kids: I don’t have any kids, my husband has a son who is almost 9 *Smoke / Drink: I use to smoke in high school but quit. I have never been a drinker and never ever been drunk in my life. *Education: High School Graduate *I Like: Web Design, Graphic Design, Photography, Astrology, Numerology, Internet, Sex, Feng Shui, Sex Toys, Camming, Dream Interpretation, Tarot,
Feeling totally free. The feeling of the air, sun, breeze on your body. Nowhere else can you feel totally free, without the constraints of clothing. Imagine swimming in the pool without that uncomfortable bathing suit, then getting out of the pool without that wet, soggy suit clinging to your skin. Then lying in the sun and getting a tan without those unsightly tan lines. As you walk around, your dried off naturally by the sun and breezes, what a wonderful feeling. Body acceptance. Being accepted for who you are, not how you dress, your shape or size, or your walk in life. None of us have the, so called, "perfect body". We are all normal everyday people. The media and advertising that we are constantly bombarded with, has created a stigmatism, of what people should look like. They constantly tell and show us how women and men should look. But how many people do you know that look like the people in the adds on TV or in magazines? Not that many. You will not be judged or looked at diffe
i wish i could have quit you. i wsh i never missed you, and told you that i loved you, everytime i fucked you. the future that we both drew, and all the shit we've been through. obsessed with the thought of you the pain just grew and grew how could you do this to me?look at what i made for you it was never enough and the world is what i gave to you. i used to be love struck now i'm just fucked up
Ok fu-friend's I need your help and opinion. I am going to post on a on-line personal and I would like you to read through my post and let me know what you think. Should I be more specific about age,race and body type I am interested in?. Should I add some more about me or leave something out?.Or sould I just leave it as it is?. Please be honest and let me know what you think in your comment. This is the first time I have attempted something like this so I need all the help I can get. A couple of my girlfriends have been trying to talk me into posting on here and I have been very reluctant to do so because from what I have seen most of the guys posting on here are nothing but perv's and that is not me. I have alway's felt that meeting people on-line was a waste of time so I have never bothered to try but after alot of thought I figured what the hell I might as well, what can it hurt. Who knows maybe i'll find my life long love. Ok a little about me, I am 5'7 140lbs Brown
OK ladies I know we all watch porn even if we don't want to admit that we do. But we do. So my question is who is your favorite to watch? Mine is Jenna jamenson!
POST THIS IF YOU AREN'T SCARED TO SEE HOW PEOPLE THINK OF YOU: 0 = EWWWWWWWWWWWW!? 1 = DEFINITELY NOT ATTRACTIVE. 2 = DECENT 3 = CUTE 4 = FINE AS HELL! 5 = I'D DO YOU! 6 = PRETTY DAMN SEXY! 7 = LOVABLE! 8 =I LOVE YOU!!! 9 = I WANNA MAKE YOU MINE!) You can have more then one answer with this Results so far 1. I'd do you 30.8% 2. Pretty damn sexy 23.1% 3. I wanna make you mine 23.1% 4. Fine as hell 15.4% 5. Loveable 7.7% *will try to update this every chance there is a new vote ** This is what you think of me. if you want to see what others think of you post this in a blog!
Your result for The Are you Dominant or submissive Test...The MasterYou scored ###DOM DOM DOM -- You are DEFINITELY dominant. You control the relationship, and your partner, and you like it. You don't like being left out of the loop most of the time, and you're very certain of your expectations in your relationship(s) with your partner(s). Find yourself a good little slave girl, and you're definitely good to go!Take The Are you Dominant or submissive Test at OkCupid
US Orders Blackout Over North Korean Torpedoing Of Gulf Of Mexico Oil Rig A grim report circulating in the Kremlin today written by Russia’s Northern Fleet is reporting that the United States has ordered a complete media blackout over North Korea’s torpedoing of the giant Deepwater Horizon oil platform owned by the World’s largest offshore drilling contractor Transocean that was built and financed by South Korea’s Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. Ltd., that has caused great loss of life, untold billions in economic damage to the South Korean economy, and an environmental catastrophe to the United States. Most important to understand about this latest attack by North Korea against its South Korean enemy is that under the existing “laws of war” it was a permissible action as they remain in a state of war against each other due to South Korea’s refusal to sign the 1953 Armistice ending the Korean War. To the attack itself, these r
Love Said to Me I worship the moon.Tell me of the soft glow of acandle lightand the sweetness of my moon. Don't talk about sorrow, tell me of that treasure,hidden if it is to you,then just remain silent. Last nightI lost my grip on realityand welcomed insanity.Lovesaw me and said,I showed up.Wipe you tearsand be silent. I said, O LoveI am frightened,but it's not you.Love said to me,there is nothing that is not me.be silent. I will whisper secrets in your earjust nod yesand be silent. A soul moonappeared in the path of my heart.How precious is this journey. I said, O Lovewhat kind of moon is this?Love said to me,this is not for you to question.be silent. I said, O Lovewhat kind of face is this,angelic, or human?Love said to me,this is beyond anything that you know.Be silent. I said, please reveal this to meI am dying in anticipation.Love said to me,that is where I want you:Always on the edge,be silent.You dwell in this hall of images and illusions,leave this house nowand
When you feel all alone And the world has turned its back on you Give me a moment please to tame your wild wild heart I know you feel like the walls are closing in on you It's hard to find relief and people can be so cold When darkness is upon your door and you feel like you can't take anymore Let me be the one you call If you jump I'll break your fall Lift you up and fly away with you into the night If you need to fall apart I can mend a broken heart If you need to crash then crash and burn You're not alone When you feel all alone And a loyal friend is hard to find You're caught in a one way street With the monsters in your head When hopes and dreams are far away and You feel like you can't face the day Let me be the one you call If you jump I'll break your fall Lift you up and fly away with you into the night If you need to fall apart I can mend a broken heart If you need to crash then crash and burn You're not alone Cause there has always been heartache and pain And when it's ov
If a man walks into a bar. And the bartender knows what the guy wants to drink. Because he comes to the bar alot. But, the bartender doesnt know the mans name or anything bout him. Just that he likes a certain drink. Would it be safe to say that this could be the same as life. People dont know your name or anything bout you except that you do this certain thing. What is stopping people from asking your name or to know something about you? Are people to scared to get personable with you? Are they to afraid to even know anything bout you? Because when someone asks just one question and you cant even answer it. Maybe you dont even know yourself that well. Maybe its time to ask one question to see where it will go. Maybe to another question. Then when you die people wont have to ask "who was this person". Because you took the time to ask one question.
Words….. They’re ricocheting around my head I love you is a simple phrase Only given meaning by the person who says them I could say them a thousand ways To a thousand different people They couldn’t actually matter unless I meant them I don’t want to mean them anymore I want that hole you left to go away The pain you created hasn’t faded Can I take it all back now please? I should’ve had better walls, But you felt like home... I was too happy, it couldn’t last And so I was right when I wanted to be wrong I guess I’m still just a beautiful disaster...
Heres a story i heard. So, i heard this story from a friend, and i found this very nasty, and fucked up. So, this is what happened. This dude had broken up with this girl, he dated another and found he still had feelings for his ex. so he couldnt think of anything to do but to try to get a hold of her. he finds her on facebook and regains her number after a few messages are exchanged. well the next week they start hanging out and having fun. the girl tells him, she still has feelings for him and confesses that she cried everynight for a week when they broke up. So time goes on, the guy is falling back in love with her. they end up having sex for the first time in a long time. before his next visit with her, she tells him oh i miss you , i cant wait to hang out with you and taste ur lips. So one day he goes and walks her home from work and decides to spend the rest of the day with her and have dinner. After dinner she tells him oh my brothers friend came over today and hung out w
Such a Beauty has befallen me.to Whisper words of Lust in my ears.To teach me how to Pleasure Her with every Breath. Every beat of my heart, to Worship Her as the GODDESS She truly is.her Heart, her Body and her Soul, to watch Her every move.Flowing effortlessly, like a Babbling Brook. Knowing her soft quiet Movements, just by the Look in her Eyes. With just a Wink, Ive become Her Puppet.With that Look, that Beauty, She turns me to Jello.I long for her Words, I hang on every Breath.Rick
Larry: And there he is. Sally: The Doctor. Larry: Who's the Doctor? Sally: He's the Doctor. The Doctor: Yep that's me. Sally: OK that was scary. Larry: No it sounds like he's replying but he always says that. The Doctor: Yes I do. Larry: And that. The Doctor: Yup. And this. Sally: He can hear us. Oh my god you can really hear us! Larry: Of course he can't hear us. Look. (reading off his notes) Yup, that's me. Yes I do. Yup. And this. Dr & Larry: (together) Are you gonna read out the whole thing? Larry: Sorry. Sally: Who are you? The Doctor: I'm a time traveler. Or I was. I'm stuck. In 1969. Martha: We're stuck. All of space and time he promised me, now I've got a job in a shop. I've gotta support him! The Doctor: Martha? Martha: Sorry. (exits camera view) Sally: I've seen this bit before. The Doctor: Quite possibly. Sally: 1969, what
I don't wanna live without you. I would breathe the air and my heart would beat, but I would feel a void in my life. My dreams would be lost like a leaf carried away by a storm. I would gaze up at the stars without appreciating how they light up the skies. I would pass by the roses in bloom noticing that they pale in comparison to your beauty. I could never again look forward to each sunset and each dawn. I would be broken. Never to be whole again. Darkest winter would own my heart. Its icy breath would steal the warmth of my soul because I could no longer smile without your friendship and love. I would never again know laughter or happiness. If you were forever lost to me I would have no more reason to try. No more reason to be......I would wither away.
Cruise answers offers cruises, cruise holidays, cruising holidays, luxury cruise deals. We have a huge range of cruises, catering for all requirements and budgets. Our extensive range of cruises could see you in Sicily or Singapore, Barcelona or the Bahamas.
I was at the corner grocery store buying some early potatoes.I noticed a small boy, delicate of bone and feature, ragged but clean, hungrily apprizing a basket of freshly picked green peas.I paid for my potatoes, but was also drawn to the display of fresh green peas.I am a pushover for creamed peas and new potatoes. Pondering the peas, I couldn't help overhearing the conversation between Mr. Miller (the store owner) and the ragged boy next to me."Hello Barry, how are you today?""H'lo, Mr. Miller. Fine, thank ya. Jus' admirin' them peas. They sure look good.""They are good, Barry. How's your Ma?""Fine. Gittin' stronger alla' time.""Good. Anything I can help you with?""No, Sir. Jus' admirin' them peas.""Would you like to take some home?" asked Mr. Miller."No, Sir. Got nuthin' to pay for 'em with.""Well, what have you to trade me for some of those peas?""All I got's my prize marble here.""Is that right? Let me see it." said Miller."Here 'tis. She's a dandy.""I can see that. Hmmmmm, only t
He proposed on Mat 11, 2010 AT 6:00 AM What kind of a proposal is that? "Honey you own me there and I proposed... so we gotta get married... :)" And when I say I didn't get it you say: "Just take my word for it and marry me silly.. :) I can never find my way around that sight anyhow.... I need to get to bed... YAWN... Sweet Kisses to you..." WHERE'S THE FAN FAIR? WHAT? No Goodyear Balloon? No Yankee Stadium Billboard? No man on his knees asking? No 2 pony's tied to my hitching post? No ring in a Champagne Glass? Put some oomph into it!
Ok...So I just have to wonder....why in the hell a picture of my legs in legwarmers is marked NSFW..and a few minutes ago I saw a profile pic on a blast & the chick was half dressed. LITERALLY. I thinks it a totally cute picture...I mean id like to use one of mine like that. But WTF? My kneecaps? Im getting sick of this shit.
http://www.fubar.com/mafia/join.php?acceptinv=104051&turfreq=4476 everyone come joing my Turf, we could use the help and its a lot of fun. Thanks Jon
I think it is funny, that once your V.I.P runs out , people don't exist. Do I take that as people are greedy ? Or that people are Just waaay too lazy . Do people talk on here anymore ? ... after the venting .. lol How is YOUR day ? :)
WTF guys are you seriously going to tell every woman you come across what you want to do to them? ive seen more profile that have had more complaints about how they're treated like sh*t by us men or should i say boys. grow up seriously. if all you think about is getting ur rocks off then you are the one missing out on things. after watching my mother die of cancer ive learned that there are more important things in life than just sex. trust me on that.
So what to say? Firstly, Hiya fellow Fu's, not sure what I'm doing here, love lookin at the ladies, just a perv at heart. I don't have any fubucks for bling, although I'd love to bling yawl to death. Still poking around and learning how this werks. As for me, i'm a property manager in the ghetto, I carry illegal Mace and a gun. And yes i know how to use them. I'm also enrolled as a full time student to become a Drug and Alcohol abuse counselor, ironic i should be here eh? (: Anyway, just wanted to say hi to everyone and thanks for all the drinks and rates, makes me feel good, all warm and fuzzy like a navel. So friend me if ya like or not, i'm very approachable and friendly. Have a fu day all.
You walk up and sit down next to me. Lean in and whisper in my ear Your hand in my lap, feeling my cock as it is getting bigger in your hand. Reaching up, you undo my belt and unbutton my jeans. Pulling you closer , my hand sliding between your thighs. The heat from your pussy i can feel from beneath your clothes.Your hand now down my pants. My cock between your fingers. Moving your hand up and down over my cock. My fingers slipping in between your hot swollen lips. Your wet juices all over my hand, your sweetness I can smell. A smell so very intoxicating. Pulling out our hands, you push me to the back of the booth. You bring your legs over mine. You grab my cock and slowly guide me inside of you. Your hot, wet, pussy.Pulling my in to your chest as you carefully ease yourself down upon me. Undoing your shirt with my teeth, spitting the buttons across the table. Sliding my hands up the back of your shirt, undoing the snaps of your bra. Your Beautiful breasts fall from underneath. My ton
OK so now in the state of TX they require you to have a muffler now.My car (1984 Toyota Celica) has not had a muffler since sometime before I bought it (Nov '06) I have since had it inspected 2 times and not had a single problem, well one place tells me I need a muffler no big deal on that I'll go buy a glasspack and have hole n the wall shop put it in. The second shop said the same thing and tried to tell me my ebrake light staying on wtih the brake off isn't right and cant be passed. BULLSHIT!!!! Cars twice as loud as mine with mufflers pass inspection! WTF TEXAS you pass a law that gave an 8 year a weeks detention and a week being separated from the other students (an eternity in elementary school) for having a jolly rancher in their lunch and the superintendent backs it up, what happend to descression? A friend of mine works in a elementary school classroom and the snacks these kids bring from are awful cokes and processed bullshit, but these kids aren't getting in trouble....Bra
While you yell at your woman, there is a man who is wishing to whisper in her ear. While you humiliate, offend, curse and degrade your woman, there is a man courting her, and making her remember she is a great woman. While you are violent to your woman,there is a man eager to make love to her. While you make your woman..cry, there is a man who steals smiles from her.
Witchie is evil and put our favorite shit hawk up for auction... Im jsut askign you to up him some fu bucks not bling so everyone can have a turn on his ass... so dont be going and puttign him over the top! Im asking you to help that bird have his feathers ruffled you know show a bird you care... He might shit on your car but that's just the way he loves you.. So if I can get at least 20 people to bid on the fucker ill send witchie a boob salute she will never forget.. Wicked
EVEN iF YOU HAVE A BOYFRiEND OR GIRLFRiEND- DO THIS THING!I WANNA SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE SEND THIS BACK! DO IT NOW OR ELSE YOULL HAVE BAD LUCK FOR 5 YEARS STARTING NOW!!! ***{Ladies Title it "Boyfriend Application"}******{Guys Title it "Girlfriend Application"}******Basic Info***o1. Your Name:o2. Age:o3. Fave Color:o4. Whats your sign?o5. Phone Number (you dont have to do this one):o6. Location(you dont have to do this one):o7. Height:o8. Hair (color and style):o9. Piercings/tattoos:***Here Comes The Fun***o1. Are we friends?o2. Would you kiss me?o3. With tongue?o4. Would you enjoy it?o5. Would you make a move on me in a movie theater?o6. Would you take care of me when I'm sick?o7. Do you want to tell me something that you couldn't before?o8. Would you walk on the beach with me?o9. If you heard a rumor about me, would you defend me?10. Do you/have you talked about me?11. Do you think I'm a good person?12. Would u take a nap with me?13. Do you think I'm cute?14. If you could change anythin
My horoscope was lame today: Today, michelle, you might discover a new psychic talent that you may not have tapped before: the power of mind over matter. This may also involve spiritual healing. There is also the ability to see what lies beneath the surface of a person's mind. These abilities could be a bit disconcerting if they aren't trained, so try to find a psychic development class if there's one in your area. A friend who's done something similar could be of assistance. so i am writing a new one: happy Birthday you fucking awesome Taurus! Your cup runneth over with delicous coffee as you enjoy that amazing strawberry parfait your sister and brother in law got you. Sleep late and let your dog enjoy your new backyard because lazy is the theme today. Friends from near and far will lavish you with fu gifts. And when you finally return home after your St. Pete vaca you will find a lovely care package from Perfectly Inked. Thank you soooooo much for the bling and the fubucks and t
Laserations on my aspirations, pushed beyond the point of exasperation my weak and weary wicked mind slips into darker contemplation. And whats the cause of exclamation of which will shock all laid foundations? None other than the proudful pompus prick, my dad the asshole-- whoops! Ha ha, that didn't rhyme so maybe i'll try just one more time to find the words that seem so absurd and try to explain my mind when I say that all that I get from you is stress, you see, and the bullshit you pull keeps testing me. When Im gone I'll never wonder if he misses me, far as im concerend he's fucking history. I tried to be a son, a friend, a patner in crime, but now I see how I was wasteing my time with a drunken broken man who couldn't even stand to be a father, so why bother? Truth be told it may make me seem colder, growing up as I did with a chip on both shoulders, but I wont cry or hurt when you're in the dirt left to rot and moulder. So sit your drunk ass to this position and hear this pr
I am really getting tired of men altogether. I use to just tolerate them. But lately I am just starting to wish all of them would drop off the face of the earth.(yes i know that sounds mean) In person I can understand them approaching us being they don't know the girl is gay or not. But when they can READ online that the girl is only interested in girls I mean seriously why keep bugging her when its not going to get them anywhere. Thank God for the ignore/block button on here. I mean seriously if they read are profiles they should see they are not going to get nowhere. Yes I know some have trouble reading and just look at our pictures. Then you get the ones that tell you that they are a "gentleman" and to me if they where one of those you would think he would know not to bother the girl being it wont get him anywhere. Anyway Just had to get that off my mind! What even makes it worse is when they are older then your own dad or even granddad! Plain gross!
My fellow Americans, our country is in the hands of progressives, Republican and Democrat, their mission is to transform America into a social democracy - THAT MEANS our individual rights will be nothing but a memory, so while this Republic still exists do your civic duty and vote out every incumbent and vote in those which value the constitution of the United States Of America
Ok Fu Land, I'm trying to help a friend get fu-married. I am in need of a 65 credit bling pack. Is there anyone out there that can help me? I'm obviously willing to pay fubucks for the pack. SB me with pricing if you can, ty =)
A girl from New Jersey and a girl from the West Coast were seated side by side on an airplane. The Jersey girl, being friendly said, "So, where ya from?" The west coast girl said, "From a place where they know better than to use a preposition at the end of a sentence." The girl from Jersey, sat quietly for a few moment...s and then said: "So, where ya from, bitch?" Post this if you're a PROUD JERSEY GIRL~!
“We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it,” Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) told us just weeks before Congress passed President Barack Obama’s health care plan. Well, the nation’s post-passage Obamacare education continued yesterday when the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) confirmed that the federal government will have to spend an additional $115 billion implementing the law, bringing the total estimated cost to over $1 trillion. The estimate had been requested before passage of the bill by Rep. Jerry Lewis (R-CA), but the CBO was too overwhelmed with the Democrats’ other constant revisions to the law to get back to Lewis before the final vote. This is by far not the only nasty little surprise that has come back to bite Obamacare after passage. Shortly after it became law, U.S. employers began reporting hundreds of millions if dollars in losses thanks to tax changes in the bill. AT&T and Verizon alone pegged their Obamacare tax losse
1. Who are you? 2. Are we friends? 3. When and how did we meet? 4. How have I affected you? 5. What do you think of me? 6. What's the fondest memory you have of me? 7. How long do you think we will be friends? 8. Do you love me? 9. Do you have a crush on me? 10. Would you kiss me? 11. Would you hug me? 12. Physically, what stands out? 13. Emotionally, what stands out? 14. Do you wish I was cooler? 15. On a scale of 1-10, how hot am I? 16. Give me a nickname and explain why you picked it. 17. Am I loveable? 18. How long have you known me? 19. Describe me in one word. 20. What was your first impression? 21. Do you still think that way about me now? 22. What do you think my weakness is? 23. Do you think I'll get married? 24. What makes me happy? 25. What makes me sad? 26. What reminds you of me? 27. If you could give me anything what would it be? 28. How well do you know me? 29. When's the last time you saw me? 30. Ever wanted to tell me something but couldn't? 31. Do you think I could ki
ok its time for me to be honest ppl about somethings. ive seen somethings that life has to throw at you like having to watch my mother whither away from cancer or having one of your best friends (brother) wrap his car around a telephone pole. the thing that hurt the worst was finding out that my ex had not only cheated on me not only once but several times. after we had broken up she told me that she didnt know who the real father to our kids were. i think i would have hurt more if my family hadnt told me a week before that they didnt think the kids were mine........ i looked my family in the eye and said "i didnt care one bit if they were of my flesh and blood. they are the kids of my heart and soul. i love them without reason or conditions" and walked out the door to work. that is how i view things in my life. with an open mind and its helped with alot of the other things ive been through besides this.
I find myself idisappointed again. My friendship was taken advantage of at the worst possible time.. well I guess it always happens that way.. its never at a good time. Without alot of details, just because I dont want to go into it, Ill get upset all over again, and its just not worth it, my friend, well now ex-friend left me out to dry. If it had been someone else in my shoes, someone my friend would have been trying to impress it would have been different. But because I was her friend, I got shorted. So I stood up for myself. I have to take care of me because nobody else is going to. She blows up.. throws everything out of proportion and turns childish and petty. Returning gifts Ive given her, leaving notes on my desk like Im back in grade school. *sigh* And this isnt to say its just over this one incident. Oh no.. this has been building and building. I have just had enough. Im sorry, I dont want to be hers or anyone elses doormat. I deserve better. If I am around someone and th
While you SCREAM at ur woman, there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear... While u HUMILIATE, OFFEND and INSULT her, there's a man flirting with her & reminding her how wonderful she is. While u HURT ur woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her. While u make ur woman CRY... there's a man is stealing smiles from her.
I am holding a Limited Edition Bling Auction. It will start tonight at 9 pm EST and run until 9 pm EST on Saturday. The highest bidder has WINNER'S CHOICE to choose between one of the four Limited Edition Blings. Bidding starts at $2 mil. So go ahead and place your bids under this blog and start the ball rolling. Have fun Fu-Landiers!!
since the day i let you into my heart i've known all along it was you One Chance One breath to long you know will you stand by me kiss away the tears i will give it all to you i won't give up i want you to stay i was blinded by your love nowi see clearly i'd fight for u your so far away yet so close for far to long i now know what it is like to let someone in my heart and see a side of me only you knowand can understand i've searched forever for a love like yours never gonna be alone by now you know you're all i want i'd fight for you,give my life for you do all i can for you your my best friend i won't let you fall and i know you;d do the same for me you'll never be alone from this moment on,niether will i hold you till the hurt is gone just as youwould do for me this i vow i will spend it all with you if i haven't let you know when all hope is gone i will live everyday like it is the only onethe last one like it just begun,tomorrow may never come say goodbye to yesterday tomorrow is
I Open My eyes It is a brand new day I am thankful for this day I wan to wake up and say Today isanopther day to live my life to the fullest Not in fear and hold back I want my heart to sing sweet Lullabies of happiness Iwant to do cartwheels of Joyfulness MAy my tears f choices regrets Made be turned into tears of Good deads left undone May all my struggles be realeased May all my strentgh fight the storn of Battled struggles to come MAy the seed planted Turn into the beautiful flower And not into the weed May the joyful smile I Bring "PAY IT FORWARD" And make one persons day Brighter and better May happiness be a choice Choosen not forced May today be the day you Say "This is the day I am Gonna spread my wings and soar" Let go of who I am and Just Let God Let me Become who I am meant to be And learn that I am excatly Who I am meant to be I except it with no regrets I am proud to be me!!!
Never to be forgotten God brought a special someone into this world,to bless us. Her name is Veda Nina Jack. She was not only my sister but my friend as well. She was blessed with wonderful children named Courtney, Carline. She was an angel not only in my eyes but everyone that knew her. She always knew how to put a smile on your face. She loved to joke around, which i loved about her. A fighter she was,tough right til the very end. Had nothing but love to give and show. Now she is resting in peace, An angel brought to earth by God and taken away by god. Brought to earth to share her love. Even though we would have all loved her to stay here longer. GOd said it was time for her to come home. Where she is pain free and happy. Watching over her loved ones. I know Veda you are not far from our hearts. Even though you are not here with us physically. I know you are here with us spiritaully and emotionally. All we have to do is say your name, and you are right here there beside us. I know y
I've always wondered when it became alright to be selfish with your own life. Not too long ago someone very dear to my heart took their own life. As if it were okay and everyone was supposed to turn the other cheek and go on as life does. I'm sorry, but I can't. I am still very angered and hurt over it. Why is it okay for you to take yourself from us? Where is it written in the books that a belt and a ceiling fan is okay? I have yet to forgive you. And I don't know if I will ever learn how. You told Amber you were trying to escape the pain. Well congratulations, you succeeded, and fucked everyone else that ever cared about you in the making. I don't care that you left me, I don't care that you left everyone else. I care that you left Hailey. Of everyone I know you truly cared about her. And how I know this, is I lived it first hand. She never asked to be brought into this world to a mother who was a junky and to a father who would eventually take himself from her. Amber told me t
I have always dreamed of finding true love. Who hasnt? But to find said love here on fubar? is it possible? SURE IS!!!! i have been with my fiance for over a year now. it all started about 2 years ago right here on fubar! He sent me a friend request and i accepted! we chatted for a while and then decided to finally meet! I cant imagine my life without him now! THANK YOU FUBAR!
What would happen if we treated our Bible like we treated our cll phones? What if wecarried our bibles in our pockets , what if we flipped through it several times a day? What if we turned back to get it if we forgot it , left the house without it? What if we used it to recieve messages from the text? What if we treated it like we could not live without it? What if we gave it to our children as gifts? What if we used it when we traveled? What if we used it in case of emergency? Something to make you go hmmmm... And unlike our cell phones , we don't have to worry about our bible being disconnected because the bill has been paid , by Jesus Christ. What if we used the Bible half as much as we used our cell phones, where would we be as a world, as a nation, as a people, as a person? Food for thought, this country was based on the bible, and that is what has made this country what it is today. . . . .
A store that sells new husbands has just opened in New York City,where a woman may go to choose a husband. Among the instructions atthe entrance is a description of how the store operates:You may visit this store ONLY ONCE! There are six floors and thevalue of the products increase as the shopper ascends the flights.The shopper may choose any item from a particular floor, or maychoose to go up to the next floor, but you cannot go back down exceptto exit the building!So, a woman goes to the Husband Store to find a husband. On the firstfloor the sign on the door reads:Floor 1 - These men Have Jobs.She is intrigued, but continues to the second floor, where the sign reads:Floor 2 - These men Have Jobs and Love Kids."That's nice", she thinks, "but I want more."So she continues upward. The third floor sign reads: Floor 3 - These men Have Jobs, Love Kids, and are Extremely Good Looking."Wow," she thinks, but feels compelled to keep going.She goes to the fourth floor and the sign reads:Floor
The following is an actual question given on a University of Washington chemistry mid term. The answer by one student was so 'profound' that the professor shared it with colleagues, via the Internet, which is, of course, why we now have the pleasure of enjoying it as well : Question: Is Hell exothermic (gives off heat) or endothermic (absorbs heat)? Most of the students wrote proofs of their beliefs using Boyle's Law (gas cools when it expands and heats when it is compressed) or some variant. One student, however, wrote the following: First, we need to know how the mass of Hell is changing in time. So we need to know the rate at which souls are moving into Hell and the rate at which they are leaving. I think that we can safely assume that once a soul gets to Hell, it will not leave. Therefore, no souls are leaving. As for how many souls are entering Hell, let's look at the different religions that exist in the world today. Most of these religions state that if you are not a membe
Top Ten Country Western Songs. 10. I Hate Every Bone In Her Body But Mine 9. I Ain't Never Gone To Bed With an Ugly Woman But I Woke Up With A Few 8. If The Phone Don't Ring, You'll Know It's Me 7. I've Missed You, But My Aim's Improvin' 6. Wouldn't Take Her To A Dogfight 'Cause I'm Scared She'd Win 5. I'm So Miserable Without You It's Like You're Still Here 4. My Wife Ran Off With My Best Friend And I Miss Him 3. She Took My Ring and Gave Me the Finger 2. She's Lookin' Better with Every Beer And the Number One Country & Western song is... 1. It's Hard To Kiss The Lips At Night That Chewed My Ass All Day Long
"Who Else Wants To Add 100s & 1000s Of Eager Twitter Followers, Increase Their Follower Responsiveness, & Top The SEO Rankings With Twitter?.." Here's a fact you might already know: Twitter is one of the fastest growing Social Media platforms! Twitter is known by many, as a place where you can go and send out 140 character messages, better known as 'tweets', that tell people what you are doing, at that particular moment. The reason why this is good for business, is because your followers get to know what is happening in your life, on a more personal level. Prospects like to get to know WHO they are buying from, before they turn into a buyer. Now, this doesn't mean that you should tweet in detail about everything that is happening in your life, but it is ok if you do it once in a while, and keep a balance of business related material, and vice versa. So, as you can see, you can use Twitter to build awareness about you and your company.. PROBLEM: Most people don't use Twitter
why is it we love the one that hurts us most in life why is up not down why the heck is there so many time zones in one country why do dryers eat one sock out of a load of laundry and where does it go just some random thoughts i would love some insight to
The first step in what the New Jersey Nets hope is a quick turnaround is in place. New owner Mikhail Prokhorov is eager to get started on the rest. ''For those who are already fans of the Nets and the NBA, I intend to give you plenty to cheer about,'' the Russian billionaire said in a statement. The Nets are now officially the Nyets. Prokhorov's purchase of the team was approved Tuesday by NBA's owners, who welcomed the first non-North American into their club. Russia's richest man agreed to buy 80 percent of the Nets and 45 percent of an arena project in Brooklyn from developer Bruce Ratner late last year. Final approval of the sale was delayed until the state of New York had taken over all the land seized under eminent domain at the site of the team's Barclays Center in Brooklyn. The Nets expect that transaction to close Wednesday, and the long-delayed 18,000-seat arena is to open in 2012. The Nets hope Prokhorov's wealth -- estimated at $9.5 billion through his bank
I have finally moved back to Vermont..I am single again and need a serious change in my life..I am 35 freaking years old and feel like a cross between a kid scared of life and an old person with many regrets and fears still instilled inside me..I cannot find a job and I am involved in another court battle with someone who terrorized my children..I am trying to build my life..not have to defend myself to every God damned rumor or bullshit lie that my so called friends like to spread about me..I have endured abuse and ridicule and I am tired of feeling like I can't get this right..
Remember that they can't do a lot of things for themselves and that they depend on you to make their life a quality life! A PET'S TEN COMMANDMENTS......... 1. My life is likely to last 10-15 years. Any separation from you is likely to be painful. 2. Give me time to understand what you want of me. 3. Place your trust in me. It is crucial for my well-being. 4. Don't be angry with me for long and don't lock me up as punishment. You have your work, your friends, your entertainment, but I have only you. 5. Talk to me. Even if I don't understand your words, I do understand your voice when speaking to me. 6. Be aware that however you treat me, I will never forget it, but I forgive quickly. 7. Before you hit me, before you strike me, remember that I could hurt you, and yet, I choose not to bite you. 8. Before you scold me for being lazy or uncooperative, ask yourself if something might be bothering me. Perhaps I'm not getting the right food, I have been in the sun too long, or my heart might b
THE STORIE OF MY FUFAMILYThere once was a dude named Black who met a chick named Sdmf Dee. Black became very very close to Dee, and called her Brown sugar and very Heavenlee666. Dee decided to let Black meet her Rich brothers, Bls Kevin,Chris USA86,christopher, ReLLik and of course Sandmn2051. Dee met all Blacks sisters DaviGurl, Raven, Tiggy and Kinky Chula. Black said one of his sisters looked like a Dreadlockula666 was way to Hard 2 Handle and just a Lint Licken Cootie Queen. Dee thought Black was kind of mean for sayin that. So she shouted are you Siruis Jacko! you must be on Cocaine I swear! Black said hey Dee your in a lilbitotrouble now! I sure aint tappinit no more! Dee said pfft what ever were is the Mfkn og Foreplay anyway huh! You like my cousin SLDC anyway pfft Shebledglitter to! Dee started to just get furious and acted like a Typhoons kitty. Black said MMMHmmm sure Dee she was tastiilykeKandy to! Dee said what ever ya HolyDiver I am gonna go play Domino's with Dj Bayfana
Independence Festival is what a rock concert is supposed to be about: fair prices, good times and plenty of music. In 2004, the festival was only a party that one of the original members had to bring his friends and their bands together. Over the next three years it grew to be an important mark on the Columbus, Ohio music scene. The thought of the festival was to bring together independent artists and showcase them for them to feel part of the scene and possibly get some recognition. After the festival in 2007, Steve (Rock Ohio Productions) fell on some hard times and had to regroup to begin this masterpiece again. So now, Steve has regrouped and with some good friends, more like family already, is beginning his festival again. This year, B & N Entertainment LLC and Rock Ohio Productions have come together to put on Independence Festival. It has been uprooted from Columbus, Ohio and is now going to take place in Muncie, Indiana at the Water Bowl, June 25 – 27. This family of pro
Why is it that when you give your heart and soul to someone and they promise never to hurt you they take your heart and stomp on it like it was nothing??? I have been hurt like i have never been hurt before..... i am gonna give up on EVER being happy.... i thought i had finally found it.... but once again no..... i am so tired of this.....
Since this is my first blog, I thought Id go with introducing myself to this world we call "FuBar"! Sooooooooo for starters, the name is Connor Mahoney! I guess thats kind of obvious since thats already stated.Anyway moving on, Im 60. I have two kids, young enough to be my grandchildren lol! Jake is 19 and Krista 17. Both in college. They live in Ohio with their mother, which sucks because I dont get a chance to see them as often. But now that Im retired Im hoping that'll change! In the 60 years Ive been here Ive never once got married! Shocker eh? Some would call that smart, some would probably think something is wrong with me! LOL! I myself call it...um..."still looking"! But the thing is Im not really looking! If it happens it happens! Ive been close, but it didnt work out. Long story, wont get into that. If you want to know, just ask...I have nothing to hide! Moving on....Im a retired attorney. I was in that profession from 1974 to 2007, 33 years...long time! I loved
Seven Kinds Of Sex ...... The 1st kind of sex is called ... Smurf Sex.This kind of sex happens when you first meetsomeone and you both have sex until you are blue in the face. The 2nd kind of sex is called ..... Kitchen Sex.This is when you have been with your partner fora short time and you are so needy you will have sex anywhere, even in the kitchen.The 3rd kind of sex is called ... Bedroom Sex.This is when you have been with your partner for along time. Your sex has gotten routine and youusually have sex only in your bedroom.The 4th kind of sex is called ... Hallway Sex.This is when you have been with your partner for too long. When you pass each other in the hallway you both say .... 'Fuck You.'The 5th kind of sex is called ... Religious Sex.Which means you get Nun in the morning, Nun in theafternoon and Nun at night. (Very Popular)The 6th kind is called ... Courtroom Sex.This is when you cannot stand your wife/husband any more. She/hetakes you to court and screws you in front of e
This is fun to do. Just read the "offense" and if you've done it, you owe that fine. Keep going until you've read each "offense" and added up your total fine. When you are done, post it in your notes. Change the header to "My fine is $........" You don't have to confess your answers, just the amount of your fine. Smoked pot -- $10 Did acid -- $5 Ever had sex at church -- $25 Woke up in the morning and did not know the person who was next to you -- $40 Had sex with someone on Facebook -- $25 Had sex for money -- $100 Ever had sex with the a Puerto Rican -- $20 Vandalized something -- $20 Had sex on your parents' bed -- $10 Beat up someone -- $20 Been jumped -- $10 Crossed dressed -- $10 Given money to stripper -- $25 Been in love with a stripper -- $20 Kissed someone who's name you didn't know -- $0.10 Hit on some one of the same sex while at work -- $15 Ever drive drunk -- $20 Ever got drunk at work, or went to work while still drunk -- $50 Used toys while having s
It is very sweet to me and figured I'd share it since I am very proud :-) The first card says ... Happy mothers day (inside says) I love you mom I wish you have a good mothers day I love you. The paper she wrote in school says.... My moms name is cindy. Her birthday is almost the same day as my brothers birthday. It has a one in it. Her eyes are brown, her hair is brown, her favorite color is blue, her favorite television shows are "ghost hunters" and "the doctors". She likes to eat tomato soup. Her favorite hobby is playing cabal. Her favorite thing about me is when I get 100% on my tests. My favorite thing about her is seeing her. Together we like to play games. If I could buy her anything in the world. I would buy her a frog since she likes frogs.I will be readin this everyday - Thank you my baby princess Ramona I love you SO much always and forever! The best gift I could ever ask for (h) My daughter is almost 8yrs old
What alcoholism did for me. You may want to question yourself the next time you pick up a drink of spirits. Rather droll in terms that the word spirits is used to entail upon alcohol. Nevertheless, just take a moment the next time you drink, and press upon the severity of its effect on the individual mind. Think about those whom have suffered the recoil, or those that may not, as they’re not impacted as much as someone else. Yet, there still is this consequence in even omitting to the chance, as we are all chance victims to our very own use of anything mind altering, some more than others, in just the mere chance. My voyage into this predicament happened somewhere around the age of 11, and never stopped from there. However, there were times when I stepped away, never really for long, though. I started stealing it from my stepfather upon my leaving for school, as inebriation had me bought from my first glass of wine I chugged down during a Christmas gathering that very sa
if anyone has seen this girl please let me know she is missing... I need some help.she went missing in lakeland.fl
Still new to this site, pardon my ignorance of a fellow digital bar place. I notice a lot of attractive women here or at least pictures of men pretending to be women . This site is pretty funny and isn't as strict as I thought it would be, I am not gonna pay 7 bucks for some sort of shout? Anyways I am a real person not fake or some stupid ass bot. I have a semi-political/drunk/comedy website at www.thebeerbarrel.net come check us out make sure you have a beer handy, and since it's free speech lots of bad words get said, but the great thing is you get to say em back without censorship. Anyways I will still try to figure this place out, I am not used to black background on a webforum sort of hurts the eyes a bit but I will live.
HAHAHA THIS IS FUNNY!! If you can read this whole story without laughing, then there's no hope for you. I was crying by the end. This is an actual account as relayed to paramedics at a chili cook-off in New Mexico . Note: Please take time to read this slowly. If you pay attention to the first two judges, the reaction of the third judge is even better. For those of you who have lived in New Mexico , you know how true this is. They actually have a Chili Cook-off about the time Halloween comes around. It takes up a major portion of a parking lot at the Santa Fe Plaza . Judge #3 was an inexperienced Chile taster named Frank, who was visiting from Springfield , IL . Frank: "Recently, I was honored to be selected as a judge at a chili cook-off.. The original person called in sick at the last moment and I happened to be standing there at the judge's table, asking for directions to the Coors Light truck, when the call came in. I was assured by the other two j
We need spotlight donations bad! I want us 2 get noticed more & keep on growning! Any amount will help! Whoever donates the most I will bling! Please help us out & help us grow! Thanks, SexyBiChris =)
I remember the days years ago When you were still here Still here to dry my tears When I was sad You'd make me feel better When I felt bad As the years passed by I loved you more Til you decided to walk through that door Your work left undone And me still drying my tears As I sit here thinking Painful memories flooding back Still thinking as if you're still here Memories, memories, painful ones In memory of your loving soul ***Side note....I wrote this in 1999...I copied it from the book it's published in...In loving memory of Uncle Brian
As the wind whispers The world results in change The clouds float by slowly Always out oWhich always hangs around Always out of range The tree's leaves fall Red, green, orange Beautiful for all As the wind whispers The grass lays down It bows to the sun Which always hangs around As the wind whispers The ocean ripples with life As the wind whispers A smile crosses my face Whispers in the wind Produce a kindred soul We all need somebody Somebody special to love ***Another poem I wrote in 99***
I hate bad drivers. they clog more than the road, they clog life, the planet, the future, the ever living peace of mind we all want. Thank You for your time.
This is great. I have been wondering about why Whites are racists, and no other race is...Proud to be White Michael Richards makes his point...Michael Richards better known as 'Kramer' from TVs Seinfeld does make a good point.This was his defense speech in court after making racial comments in his comedy act. He makes some very interesting points...Someone finally said it. How many are actually paying attention to this? There are African Americans, Mexican Americans, Asian Americans, Arab Americans, etc. And then there are just Americans. You say that whites commit a lot of violence against you... so why are the ghettos the most dangerous places to live? You have the United Negro College Fund. You have Martin Luther King Day.You have Black History Month. You have Cesar Chavez Day.You have Yom Hashoah. You have Ma'uled Al-Nabi.You have the NAACP. You have BET. If we had WET (White Entertainment Television), we'd be racists. If we had a White Prid
This world is just a game of RISK World leaders pushing armies across the board Brainwashed soldiers march to their death Fear fills their minds, makes them torn Countries choose sides or they fall control at the front line unsure Midnight and daylight the same As graveyards overflow from another meaningless war Children turn soldiers out of high school Six months later parents tears fall on folded flags Countless cities burning light up the horizon As the worlds population is cut in half When will our leaders learn their lessons Just admit that they've made some mistakes Will they ever see the true power that peace can bring And senseless wars just bring more senseless deaths?
Yeah so I dunno where to spend my online time anymore.....I get bored on Pogo, I dont chat in chat rooms anymore, facebook pisses me off, MySpace is so yesterday......Id come here but theres a limit to what a person can do. Hmmmm
if there is one thing ive learned from my parents its about hating things or ppl. my parents had this saying "to hate would take time out of my day that would be better spent loving my friends or family". something else i learned was to not wait to tell someone how you feel about them. while mom was sick i told her that i was sorry about us not getting along very well these last few yrs and that i forgave her for the things that she had done that had hurt me really badly. the last week she was alive my dad told me that she didnt think i was ever going to forgive her for the things she had done. i told dad that i had told her that i forgave for those things. he wanted me to tell her again but she wasnt in touch with the world at the time and i told him that as soon as she was more in touch with the world that i would tell her that i forgave her again. a couple of days later she died from cancer. what i wish to pass on to you is to not wait ever to tell someone you care about things like
THE EYES DON'T LIECan you really truly know someone when you can't look into their eyes?If you're like me, you think you can..but then left to wonder why...Can you believe what people say when they tell you about their life?Or when the sweet man that you think you know says he doesnt have a wife?Even when you're being cautious, when you think you're holding backYou're wide open for strangers to suck you in cause they know what things you lack.They know what you want to hear and they will tell you more and moreUntil finally your guard comes down and their foot is through the door.And no matter how many times you tell yourself that its crazyThings have moved so fast, he fell so hardJust when youve almost convinced yourself...he plays that final card.The thing you need the most, the words you want to hearAre spoken through the phone line, now nothing seems so clear"I love you"...what a joke! It seems that's all it takesTo let him into your heart...the heart he'll later break.No 3 words ho
Dreaming of you tonight Dreaming of you tonight; Holding me ever so tight. Inhaling me kissing me both of us wishing we were free To love one another holding each other To Start life fresh and newoh if you only knew That the thought of you making love to me holding me just to be You are the one I have always dreamed about then when I thought my dreams had all ran out You came out of no where to shoe me you cared
Hi everyone! I just wanted to let everyone know that Im going to be doing salutes for people. If you would like one done for you...Please let me know...I will be happy to do one for you! I love taking nude pictures! You can have one that is not nude if you would like! Just tell me what you would like. You can choose what I wear or not wear...lol..If you want my pussy, ass, tits..whatever! I will be adding a salute folder to my pictures! MUCH LOVE!! XOXOXOXOXO (h) (r) Love Always, Crystal AKA Whats Her Juggs
I was walking in the woods behind my house this morning and came upon an elderly lady who looked lost. I stopped and asked her if she needed help. She looked up at me with tears in her eyes and said that her grand daughter had run off and was lost. I told her I would help her look for the child. After looking for about three hours we found the little girl playing at the edge of the woods. The elderly woman thanked me and asked if she owed me anything for helping her. I told her no, and walked her and her grand daughter out of the woods . As I turned to go my own way, a blinding light appeared before me. In that light was two Angels. One of a Woman and one of a child. The older Angel spoke in a voice so pure it broke my heart. She said, "Because of your kindness in helping me find a child that was lost and now is found I shall grant you four wishes." I thought about it for a few minutes and asked. For my first wish, let it be Kindness, the kind that only one of pure
This is a Poem given to the wives deployment day. This is for all the Military Wives around the world. The Silent Ranks I wear no uniforms, no blues or armygreens, but I am in the military in the ranksrarely seen. I have no rank upon myshoulders. Salutes I do not give. But the military world is the place where I live. I'm not in the chain of command, orders Ido not get. But my husband is the one whodoes, this I cannot forget. I'm not the one whofires the weapons, who puts my life on the line. But my job is just as tough, I'm the onethat's left behind. My husband is a patriot, a brave andprideful man. The call to serve his country,not all can understand. Behind the lines I seethe things needed to keep this country free.My husband makes a sacrifice, and for love, so do we. I love the man I married. Our freedom is his life, but I stand among the silent ranksknown as The Military Wife.
Themanagerie: And for a woman to say all that in her profile and yet at same time show sexy cleavage and other teasing pictures in her albums certainly leaves me in a state of mind boggling confusion as to what the hell you do want and are up to on this site Themanagerie: No offence noOne, but there is restricted chat and too restricted chat in which holding a normal adult conversion is like i said quite impossible to do in the free world Themanagerie: I'm from England UK and the nicest girlfriend i ever had was from Tempologue Dublin 12 Themanagerie: WOW OMG with a profile of DONT'S like what you have got, it's quite impossible to have a normal and fun conversation with you it would seem
You’re all I ever wanted All I never knew I needed You’re all I’ll never have And all I’ll ever crave Never good enough Always second place I can’t be the girl that I should be Can’t ever seem to be good enough for you Can’t ever seem to be good enough for anyone Not even enough to be the beautiful disaster Isn’t that the ironic part
# INTEGRITYThis is the pinnacle of wolf values. If you cannot be true to yourself and face the fire of ignorant closed-minded opposition, then you are not completely free. If you compromise your integrity, you may be a chained dog, but not a true wolf. This does not mean that one should openly shout their differences; it simply means to stay true to yourself, and not sway when confronted by "popular" opposition. One cannot compromise any part of himself/herself for riches, popularity, or acceptance and still be 100% true. The greatest "sin" of a wolf is to sin against one's self.# INNER STRENGTHWithout inner strength, you can never truly follow your own path in life. Sheep mentality manifests in those who lack self-confidence. Lack of self-worth coerces these weak-minded sheeple into accepting a "mimic the majority" mentality (replicate what is safe, or "in season"). Weakness is the core of their "follow the leader" mentality. A wolf's mind is strong, swayed by reason, and personal obs
1) Read status of bomber for christ sake!!!! Leaving status comments, gifts, and rates dont help if they want you in the sb!!! 2) Make sure if bomber asks for links that they work!!!!!! And I'm sorry, if your skin has no contrast and I have to hunt for your bomb folder, you will not be bombed period, no exceptions!! 3) Do not link your profile...link a bomb folder!!!! 4) Do not hit my sb more than once during a single bomb!!!! I know this is a hard one to keep track of but it sucks when I have already bombed you and I get a message that says: "Hurry up! You've already bombed this person" 5) If I ask for autos only in sb....it means im trying to level....ALL I WANT IS AUTOS IN THERE!!!! I dont care how much you are willing to pay. Read the friggen status first. 6) Sometimes I will repay bombs...sometimes I wont. If you have autos on...I will most likely bomb you!! I dont ask for bombs when i dont have autos on...please dont ask me for a repay of bombing
Metal legend Ronnie James Dio dead at 67 AP, May 16, 2010 5:00 pm PDT By WAYNE PARRY, Associated Press Writer Wayne Parry, Associated Press Writer Ronnie James Dio, whose soaring vocals, poetic lyrics and mythic tales of a never-ending struggle between good and evil broke new ground in heavy metal, died Sunday, according to a statement from his wife and manager. He was 67. Dio revealed last summer that he was suffering from stomach cancer shortly after wrapping up a tour in Atlantic City, N.J. with the latest incarnation of Black Sabbath, under the name Heaven And Hell. Metal legend Ronnie James Dio dead at 67 AP, May 16, 2010 5:00 pm PDT By WAYNE PARRY, Associated Press Writer Wayne Parry, Associated Press Writer Ronnie James Dio, whose soaring vocals, poetic lyrics and mythic tales of a never-ending struggle between good and evil broke new ground in heavy metal, died Sunday, according to a statement from his wife and manager. He was 67. Dio revealed last summer that h
Ok, so I suppose I'm back on the weight loss wagon.... I'm down about 13 pounds at the time of this posting. It's not as much as I would like but I suppose that a loss is a loss... So this latest attempt was brought about as a result of some hurtful comments made by an ex of mine. He pulled the fat card to insult me in an online forum (not this one) and it really got to me. Don't get me wrong, I am not in denial about my weight and I readily admit that I am fat. It hurt coming from him, though, because he always reassured me that I was beautiful no matter how big I was. I know I shouldn't let him get to me... after all, he's a 30 year old manchild who still lives at home with his parents, has a job that barely pays over minimum wage, has no ambition, no balls, a tiny dick, and really has no room to talk when it comes to being overweight. Even though I have more than enough dirt that I could truly do some damage to his already pathetic life, I chose to move on rather than seek re
I’m tired of being misunderstood, ... See More nerves are shot, weak – like old wood. I’m tired of being ill, no energy, can’t think, losing my skills. I’m tired of so-called friends, stabbing me in the back, again and again. I’m tired of trying to make things right, i give up – I surrender, no will to fight. I’m tired of seeing others in pain, raises frustration, drives me insane. I’m tired of not being able to cry, i’d melt away, nothing left inside. I’m tired because I can’t feel, walking in a daze – numb this can’t be real. I’m tired of being “strong,” i’m weak, i’m fragile, its gone on way to long. I don’t know what else to say, i’m hoping, i’m dreaming, i’m begging, i’m pleading, please, take this feeling away. Right now… I’m just tired…
Game Server is a remotely or locally running server used by game clients to play multi-player video games. Most video games played over the Internet operate via a connection to a game server.
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair. The beauty of a woman must be seen in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart - the place where love resides
Saw two great shows by my favorite singer songwriter Dan Bern.He played saturday nite in Dayton and last Night in Columbus. Got to talk to him a bit in Columbus and he did a song I requested.
Love is both an action and a feeling. The action of love generates a blissful feeling called by the same name. When the action stops, the blissful feeling is replaced with pain. Every person is capable of great love (and its opposite, fear, which generates all painful emotions such as hate, greed and jealousy).While there are many different ways to define love and there are many different ways to love someone (or even yourself)Say it. When you say the words "I Love You", they should carry with them the desire to show someone that you love them, not what you simply want to feel. When you say it, make sure you really mean it and are willing to do anything for that special person.Empathize. Put yourself in someone else's shoes. Rather than impose your own expectations or attempt to control them, to understand how they feel, where they come from, and who they are. Realize how they could also love you back just as well.Love unconditionally. If you cannot love another person without attachin
Ok so I dont know exactly how to tell you this without just being blunt and straight to the point. I'm getting emotionally exhausted and Im finding it harder and harder to stay on this site for that long. Its not that I don't love you all, because I do. I just cant seem to keep up with everyone. I feel a little like im failing you all because im not trying as hard to ask you how lite goes. I think its my time to take Mat leave from the fu, Ill drop in occasionally but like usual ill be a little flaky and just take off. Even writing this blog seems kind of daunting to me.. im seriously dragging my ass as i write it... kind of like scooting Well most of you know how to get a hold of me... tell witchie she will tell me... LMAO shes going to kill me for that. Honestly ill probably drop in every day but meh i doubt ill be here for long during those visits.. I love you all and i want to thank you for being such good friends. Putting up with the crazy that is me and reading some insa
Message from Wendy Dio Today my heart is broken, Ronnie passed away at 7:45am 16th May. Many, many friends and family were able to say their private good-byes before he peacefully passed away. Ronnie knew how much he was loved by all. We so appreciate the love and support that you have all given us. Please give us a few days of privacy to deal with this terrible loss. Please know he loved you all and his music will live on forever. - Wendy Dio You can leave your condolences on Facebook ronnie was my favorite artist of all time n i am in shock to say the least this , this news is very sad, we have lost one of the greatest today rip ronnie, you were the best,thanks for all the great music n all the great memorys
I look forward to seeing your face. Everytime I enter this world of cyber space. Your eyes flash and your smile shines. You are happy to see I'm online. More than physical this thing I have for you is mental and emotional. Only with your eyes can you touch me and with your words can you feel me. So on cam every night I will be. Waiting to continue this cyber journey.
So here I am, writing of my own personel hell and self loathing. I am now 30 years old and feel tired brokedown and hopeless for the future. First off yes I realize many have it worse than me and many others will say you should be happy to be still alive as many others loose their lives daily. Well my answer to that, Im not alive. Yes I breath, I have a pulse, I even have a career but being alive isnt living. Every day of my life Im in pain, I had a motorcycle accident and planted into the side of a Honda civic at 45 Mph, breaking my wrist and destroying my knee. Since then I have had surgery to repair an 8mm gouge in the cartlage of my knee, removing old rotten cartlage from my knee cap and cleaning up the rest of the inside of my knee which my Dr. described as crab meat and coconut. Its been 2 years since and Im still seeing a specialist and unable to run or barely even walk some days. Now I wish I could just blame my social inadaquacies on this but I know better. My first w
Metal legend Ronnie James Dio dead at 67AP, May 16, 2010 5:00 pm PDTBy WAYNE PARRY, Associated Press Writer Wayne Parry, Associated Press Writer Ronnie James Dio, whose soaring vocals, poetic lyrics and mythic tales of a never-ending struggle between good and evil broke new ground in heavy metal, died Sunday, according to a statement from his wife and manager. He was 67..Dio revealed last summer that he was suffering from stomach cancer shortly after wrapping up a tour in Atlantic City, N.J. with the latest incarnation of Black Sabbath, under the name Heaven And Hell..."Today my heart is broken," Wendy Dio wrote on the singer's site, adding he died at 7:45 a.m. "Many, many friends and family were able to say their private goodbyes before he peacefully passed away.."Ronnie knew how much he was loved by all," Wendy Dio continued. "We so appreciate the love and support that you have all given us ... Please know he loved you all and his music will live on forever.".The statement was confir
Hello! I'm making custom photo morphs for friends and stuff. Please comment here and send a link to what you'd like done, and when I get a chance I'll do it for you I also appreciate small bling credit donations or blasts and tips for my time and effort. I put a lot of work into what I do and it's good to feel appreciated for it Of course, for larger orders, (say 10 or more morphs) I'll happily do it for a VIP, autos, bombs, or 25 credit packs. I'll let you know as soon as I'm done with your order but the process can be time consuming and I really put my heart into my work. Please let me know after you get it if you like it or not by leaving me a comment here! I love it when I'm told how I made your day, or what a nice job I did on your morphs !! I ask that if you leave a negative comment that you tell me what you would like changed so I can improve. All nasty and rude comments will be erased! Remember, I could be doing better things with my time so be happy I sacrificed min
On Wednesday May 5 someone sided to take their own life by jumping off a building 16 storeis high,Yes it is suicide and suicide is no option to do it hurts very bad to see someone do it and it can cause mental,motion problems! This is AWEARNES to let you know to beware who is around you and they might be in their lowest point in their life and all we can do is look out for signs and to beware what is going on and help by calling the hot line just look it up in your area for the number and call you could save a life! Your friend on fubar :)
_I really am not happy with the fu right now, I have an account and have had it since 2007. I get locked out of it, I try to message support and nothing I do works. So I emailed them and have not heard back yet. So Here I am had to make a NEW account so I can try to get my OTHER one back.............So please, have it in your hearts and help me BACK up through the ranks please.
Senator Barack Obama said the following about the Harriet Miers nomination to the Supreme Court according to Greg Sargent in The Plum Line (Washington Post) in 2005: Harriet Miers has had a distinguished career as a lawyer, but since her experience does not include serving as a judge, we have yet to know her views on many of the critical constitutional issues facing our country today. In the coming weeks, we’ll need as much information and forthright testimony from Ms. Miers as possible so that the U.S. Senate can make an educated and informed decision on her nomination to the Supreme Court. To comply with the Obama Standard, the Senate should be provided with information, through testimony and documents, to allow the Senate to properly assess Kagan’s views on “many of the critical constitutional issues facing our country today.” Elena Kagan wrote in 1995 that: When the Senate ceases to engage nominees in a meaningful discussion of legal issues, the con
A BOY IN GIRLS BATHROOM!!!!!!!!!!!a Girl asked a Boygirl)-Do you think i'm pretty?(boy)-NO..(girl)-Do you want to be with me forever?(boy)-NO...(girl)-Would you cry if I walked away?(again boy sayz-NO...She heard enough &waz hurt, As she walked away tears ran down her face. The boy grabbed her arm and saidboy)-You're not pretty you're BEAUTIFUL.(boy)-I don't want to be with you forever.I NEED to be with you forever.(boy)- And I would'nt cry if you walked away.....I would DIE!!!!!!!!!....(boy whisperz)-Plzzzzz stay wit me....(girl whisperz)-i will........
MadCurves: bye cheater i hate liarsMadCurves: ive never done anything like and would NEVER do itTo MadCurves: But you do't mind it from them, Gail.MadCurves: as u said IM not a member and I KNOW i was NEVER a memberTo MadCurves: I believe you are the psycho!To MadCurves: You're confused and can't even admit to being a Threesome group. LOLMadCurves: shows you what i said is correctTo MadCurves: Well, having self respect is a part of growing up. Half of the men who commented on your breasts and ass are married!MadCurves: stating the truth is NOT being bitter but cheaters cant understand that i hope you grow up one day for your WIFE --laterTo MadCurves: We can be cool and chat or not.MadCurves: coolTo MadCurves: OK, so that explains your bitterness. Listen, if you want to be online acquaintances, cool. If not, cool. But don't use me as your punching bag. My profile is straight forward - you didn't have to accept my request.MadCurves: because he to was a married man and i got a phone call
The current administration and Congress, under the lie of saving us, basically bought the banks, airlines and auto companies. They have spent us into a debt, that if they stopped all spending right now, would take 100s of years for taxpayers to repay. The Federal Reserve, a private world bank, now holds over 60% of out 10trillion plus debt and foreign countries own the rest. Basically we are bankrupt. This is if we don't have any more disasters like the recent oil spill in the gulf, earthquakes, tornadoes,hurricanes, volcanoes or a terrorist act with a weapon of mass destruction. The latest communistic/socialist attempts by the U.S government, under the terms of social and collective justice, is to merge the faith base (churches) and the EPA. If that happens it would surely mean another purchase and thus control by the government. This time it is our churches and they will tell you how to interpret the Bible and could even include criminal charges if you don't believe the way they do
LET IT GO ...by T.D.Jakes There are people who can walk away from you.And hear me when I tell you this!When people can walk away from you: let them walk.I don't want you to try to talk another person into staying with you,loving you, calling you, caring about you, coming to see you,staying attached to you.I mean hang up the phone.When people can walk away from you let them walk.Your destiny is never tied to anybody that left.People leave you because they are not joined to you.And if they are not joined to you,you can' t make them stay.Let them go.And it doesn't mean that they are a bad person,it just means that their part in the story is over.And you've got to know when people'spart in your story is over so that youdon't keep trying to raise the dead.You've got to know when it's dead.You've got to know when it's over.Let me tell you something:I've got the gift of good-bye.It's the tenth spiritual gift,I believe in good-bye.It's not that I'm hateful, it's that I'm faithfu
REMEMBER: Cell Phone Numbers Go Public next month. REMINDER..... all cell phone numbers are being released to telemarketing companies and you will start to receive sales calls. .............. YOU WILL BE CHARGED FOR THESE CALLS ..................To prevent this, call the following number from your cell phone: 888-382-1222. It is the National DO NOT CALL list. It will only take a minute of your time. It blocks your number for five (5) years.You must call from the cell phone number you want to have blocked..
Now some people really are dumber than a box of rocks and here's proof!!!! Be sure and cancel your credit cards before you die. This is so priceless, and so, so easy to see happening, customer service being what it is today. A lady died this past January, and Citibank billed her for February and March for their annual service charges on her credit card, and added late fees and interest on the monthly charge. The balance had been $0.00 when she died, but now somewhere around $60.00. A family member placed a call to Citibank. Here is the exchange : Family Member: 'I am calling to tell you she died back in January.' Citibank: 'The account was never closed and the late fees andcharges still apply.' Family Member: 'Maybe, you should turn it over to collections.' Citibank: 'Since it is two months past due, it already has been.' Family Member: So, what will they do when they find out she is dead?' Citibank: 'Either report her account to frauds division or report her to the credit bu
This is my first Blog ever, but when I first heard the word Blog, I thought it was a new word people using to mak e throwing up sound kool. BLOG I guess maybe that Is what it is kind of
Such a fucking bummer. First Frank Frazetta goes which is utterly devastating in and of itself - I still had this crazy dream that I'd still get the chance to meet him. I did not. His wife had died last year and he had closed down his museum and website and I kind of knew that he may go soon after her, She was the main inspirado for his female figures and being together for so long I would imagine just a huge support to him altogether. He was quite old and had a very long and fruitful career and did what he wanted to do. "When it came to my art, I kind of went my own way - I didn't follow trends."
to all my friends in club paradise i want to say thank you. You guys have welcomed me with open arms and made me feel like i was home hanging with my friends. You all mean alot to me. Im thankful that i have became friends with each of you in some way or another. I love what i do in club paradise and thats buying everyone drinks hehe. I know that i dont talk much but im slowly talking more and more. If you havent noticed i am shy till i open up. All of you are the best and im very happy that i decided to join the cp family! If i need to work on anything just let me know cause i want to be the best bartender for all of you. So now with all that said I just want to end this with a huge thank you for likeing me for me and that im glad i have all of you guys as my friends! I love you all!
Tear up the photographsBut yesterday won't let goEvery day, every day, every minuteHere comes the emptinessJust can't leave lonely aloneEvery day, every day, hey heyThis second-chancin's really getting me downYou give and taking everything I dreamed aboutIt's time you let me know, let me know just let goAll I ever wanted, all I ever wantedWas a simple way to get over youAll I ever wanted, all I ever wantedWas an in-between to escape this desperate sceneWhere every lie reveals the truthBaby cause I all ever wantedAll I ever wanted was youI'd rather walk aloneDon't wanna chase you aroundEvery day, every day, every minuteI'd fall a thousand timesBefore I let you drag me downEvery day, every day, hey heyYour new beginning was a perfect endingBut I keep feelingwe've already been here beforeIt's time you let me know, let me know just let goAll I ever wanted, all I ever wantedWas a simple way to get over youAll I ever wanted, all I ever wantedWas an in-between to escape this desperate sceneWh
I miss those blue eyes How you kiss me at night I miss the way we sleep Like there's no sunrise Like the taste of your smile I miss the way we breathe But I never told you What I should have said No, I never told you I just held it in I see your blue eyes Everytime I close mine You make it hard to see Where I belong to When I'm not around you It's like I'm alone with me But I never told you What I should have said No, I never told you I just held it in And now, I miss everything about you Can't believe that I still want you And after all the things we've been through I miss everything about you Without you
i lost my sister today to a drunking driver she was 18 years old she was hit head on i am trying to raise some money for her funeral anyone willing to help me out you may send donations to Katherine Prater 915 Rocky Branch Raod campton ky 41301 ty for reading this and your help
im sittting here wondering if after everything i have been through with him if eveytime he tells me he loves me if its true or just a line a shit . i dont know anymore. do i deal with the pain and let him go and be alone? i wish i knew the answers i wish i knew where to turn but i dont one one to ask nothing what do i do?
… if you love somebody, tell them....A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words....a song isn't a song until you sing it a bell isn't a bell until you ring it love in your heart isn't put there to say love isn't love until you give it away. ("The Sound of Music")
He was just sitting in his own little world lost in his tunes pumping through the headphones. His back up against the cold metal beam of the waiting platform; waiting for the next train to burst through. Within moments a rush of air signals its arrival. Sliding in to the open slot next to the windows, he thought nothing of his familiar surroundings. It was the same trip and environment that he has been in so many days before. The train jerked to signal the start of the benign routine. The trains movements snapped his head and brought his eyes back up to stare out the crusty windows of the car. The eroding landscape of the city is played out before him like bits of corroded information. At points his visions and the music in his head collide and things make more sense for but a brief moment. As he is lost out the window something catches his eye. A reminder of the warmer weather; the appearance of the bare shoulder of the woman that has sat in front of him. Looking straight ahead
Neon Knight's play by the mob rules while the holy diver finds his rainbow in the dark, even though its just another day for rock n roll children who dream evil. Still the sunset superman is the wild one who locked up the wolves while traveling strange highways to bring down the rain on this computer god and its angry machines on this double monday. still there The Lord of the last day suffers fever dreams while well before the fall we stand killing the dragon while Living the lie of the end of the world and have one more for the road...
I've read an heard news from several sources about the DREAM act & AZ law. It firghtens me para mis amigos/as, who aren't documented. Even more so for the undocumented youth..who are only trying to achieve a dream. I always read stuff on-line or in the newspaper, watch youtube vids. i receive emails from friends and family about the activism that is taking place in their city, school, etc. Sometimes i feel I could do more where I am but i don't know anyone. My neighbor, Leantra, call her LeeLee, took me to this place Teatro Luna. from behind the scenes to writing to acting, all latinas...but attempting to make it all a mix of both brown ad black theatre. My Regionite mami, Rosi, told me about this place...that is probably next person i know out here. Charlin is always busy with work or graduate school, I never talk to her anymore. oh, I'm missing my point. In these hard times for the People of the Sun, i wish I had my friends closer to me than I had before. On another no
i dunno.....but anyway here goes.....i am having a very boring day.....work is slow and they haven't called me yet so i'm on here killing time. seems to not be working out too well for me though. any suggestions out there?
Two Marines Were Refused Service at Charley’s Philly Steaks by Anti-war employee in Stockton, CA. The two Marines walked up to order lunch, the manager refused to serve them,she stated that they represented the war and she would not serve ...anyone in uniform. Here is the number 209-473-8858
The mythological term that we feel is " Love" the term used to express ones deepest views on our partner and we use it on the greatest scale. What is love ? A look into our partners eyes and a vocal term of language we use to express feelings and affection towards someone. but in reality does it accomplish anything when its said other then a altered feeling and warmth to a woman or a sense of pride or a feeling of acceptance to a man? In relationships in any category in any length love is used and it tends to change feelings and for some reasoning an elevated feeling is uncovered. Does it really make a difference if your loved or like as long as you with the person that makes you happy ? It does seem like i always question all or any statement that i make but its the reasoning that i used the feelings and subject for a third person view or thats my attempt. these are just random thoughts. well with words having other meanings you also have the art of "love" in the physica
I AM YOUR FIREFIGHTER I spend 1/3 of my life away from my family, so I can protect you and your family. I love you, even though I have never met you. I would gladly die to save your life, or the lives of your neighbors. I gladly risk injury to protect your property. I love my life. I chose this life above anything else in the world. I am your firefighter. When something terrible happens in your life, you can always call me. I am waiting for that call. It is what I live for. I will come flying to your home or business to assist you in any way I can. My food can wait to be eaten. The training class I am taking can be paused, because you called. I am your firefighter. I hurt. I cry. I laugh. I am human. I learn to cope with neglect from you. I have so many things to offer, but somehow I get lost in the political shuffle. I work, and think, and try to come up with ways to make your community better, safer. I put all those things aside the minute the Alarm rin
Now that I have your Attention... I feel everyone has there own way are parenting. There are some of us that are over protective and others that may be a little too under protective. I am a mother of three wonderful children. I am under protective of my children...I will not take my kids to the doctor for a cough and running nose knowing that its allergy season. I do not buy my kids everything they want. I have my own form of work which pays the bills. Sometimes I travel a lot for my work. I DO spank my kids. I DO yell at my kids when they are being bad. I know I have faults as a mother and I am no where near perfect. Some people look at me as careless and that my children are suffering with me. They say that I lie all the time about what I do, they tell my kids that I am also a lair. That is all OK. I know that my kids are in love with life, they get excited about the little things like when it rains, seeing horses and cows while going on car rides, digging up worms in
So I have recieved questions on regards to my status with Unspoken Voices. It IS true and DEFINITE, my tenure was not long whatsoever. I am leaving New Jersey to attend Marshall University in Huntington, West Virginia; however, my voice will be an active participant with my friends who decided to go elsewhere. For instance, to all whom appreciate rock, the different performances Slash makes with various bands, is similar to what I will be doing until college is over and I can concentrate on having more fun. I strongly appreciate the people who have taken the time to read my statuses and are interested in hearing the CD. Thank you all! JP
Hello Friends, I need your opinions. Please check out my Store Items photo folder. Let me know what you like and what youd like to see. The folder doent have all that I offer, but a good sample. I ask for you opinions so when My Custom Clothing store opens I want to know that lots of people will be happy with what I carry. I want to cover all genres that people would wear. So please feel free to tell me what you think. Thanks PF I will try to give love back......... :-)
Glimmering white light pierces through the cold night bathing everything in a dull hazy white glow warmth finds a place so cold and lost Shining bright light fills the voids left by the past A energy springs forth renewing the cycles yet again sharing of itself to everything around it refreshing everything in its awe As the light fades once again it leaves a new found strength to face whats to come
"Snuff" - by slipknot.......*****I dunno I just am feeling every word in this song. Why isn't any1 real anymore? Fukin' blows. Tired of dating or talking to guys that just lead me on or just want 1 thing. where are all the "real" guys man. **** Bury all your secrets in my skin Come away with innocence, and leave me with my sins The air around me still feels like a cage And love is just a camouflage for what resembles rage again... So if you love me, let me go. And run away before I know. My heart is just too dark to care. I can't destroy what isn't there. Deliver me into my Fate - If I'm alone I cannot hate I don't deserve to have you... My smile was taken long ago / If I can change I hope I never know I still press your letters to my lips And cherish them in parts of me that savor every kiss I couldn't face a life without your light But all of that was ripped apart... when you refused to fight So save your breath, I will not hear. I think I made it very clear. You couldn't h
A Tribute to you.. This is a tribute to the nice girls. To the nice girls who are overlooked, who become friends and nothing more, who spend hours fixating upon their looks and their personalities and their actions because it must be they that are doing something wrong. This is for the girls who don't give it up on the first date, who don't want to play mind games, who provide a comforting hug and a supportive audience for a story they've heard a thousand times. This is for the girls who understand that they aren't perfect and that the guys they're interested in aren't either, for the girls who flirt and laugh and worry and obsess over the slightest glance, whisper, touch, because somehow they are able to keep alive that hope that maybe... maybe this time he'll have understood. This is homage to the girls who laugh loud and often, who are comfortable in skirts and sweats and combat boots, who care more than they should for guys who don't deserve their attentio
Derica an exotic beauty, 20year-old and i am very good at what I do. Try my Sensual Full Body Massage, I am a friendly sweet warm girl, easy to talk waiting to give you the Best
LATISHA is mortal ganger to ALL men. She is BEAUTIFUL without knowing it, and possesses CHARMS that she's not even aware of. She is like a trap set by nature - a SWEET perfumed
Addendum to application for adjudication of claim to identify legal entity employing injured worker. Notice of medical provider network plan modification.
Best in the Black-jack shoe Industry - Nike Brand Their top Nike Air Max 90 Pas Cher notch footwear technologies which have been constantly improved and incorporated to their shoes make them undoubtedly the best in the shoe industry concerning quality performance, speed as well as comfort. Their cushioning know-how include Zoom Air know-how, Air Max technology and for outsole they have Free Technology, waffle and Shox technology this also makes the brand being frequently enlisted in this 'The Best Running Shoe' provides and gain awards as well as recognitions.
You can purchase Nike shoes Air Max Pas Cher Homme online from various slippers shopping sites offering extensive collection of your brand. Some of the very best Nike shoes collections involving 2016 are: Nike Free Run Distance - it's an amazing running shoe worthy of long distance running along with training. It has greater padding and unprecedented flexibility that may be loved by athletes. This is a lightweight shoe that offers unparalled agility with the sock like fit.
Nike No cost Flyknit 4. 0 - It is among the popular Chaussures Nike Air Max 90 running shoes in sales that is super transportable. With its amazing patterns, consistent fit and excellent colors clarifies that it's very attractive to it is users. It is butterly smooth within the ground and is a necessary treat to Nike enthusiasts. Nike Lunaracer - This can be a lightweight racer designed intended for experienced runners. It is known for the bright colors and a lot of color combinations that help it become very attractive to look at. With Lunarlon cushioning plus Flywire lacing system, it really is great shoe to very own.
Nike Lunar Tempo - This is the lightweight neutral Air Max 97 Pas Cher Homme trainer built with Flywire technological innovation. Known for its cosmetic design and tangible softness gives an excellent feel to your toes. Its breathable coverage preserves the foot cool and also dry. The Lunarlon foam makes plush underfoot support that offers you a unique feel when you finally wear it. Nike Flex Run -- These running shoes offer you amazing durability and comfort created for wide feet. It is stylish and trendy built with a breathable synthetic and also mesh material. It is a great option for runners using enhanced fit and lightweight features.
Cheb Balowski is a Spanish musical group of ten singers in Spanish, Catalan, and Arabic. They formed in Barcelona, 2000.
Apostle Paul has been the most intriguing figure after Jesus in the biblical scholarship since the early church. The numerous books have been written, dissertations have been published, and papers delivered. The interest has always been extremely high. A systematic, yet still occasional, way to describe the meaning of Jesus Christ death and resurrection is the main point found in the epistles of Paul. Many churchmen and scholars, confessing Christians and not, alike, have penned abundant number of articles, books, and dissertations in relation of Paul’s understanding of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.
What is Paul’s Gospel? For centuries, theologians had agreed that it could be described that sinners find God’s approval not by anything they do, but by God’s grace though faith in Christ’s substitionary atonement on their behalf on the cross.
Since the groundbreaking study of E.P. Sanders, Paul and Palestinian Judaism (1977), a traditional understanding of Pauline theology of salvation has been challenged by various writers and scholars. Sanders criticized that the “Lutheran” understanding of first century Judaism was misguided and therefore, Luther, and all of those who had held the similar views of justification by faith alone, were wrong in their understanding of Paul and his view of what justification by faith mean. This new way to see Paul’s Gospel called, The New Perspective, claims that Paul did not merely talk about sinners being justified by faith alone in Christ, but mainly that Gentiles are included in the people of God by faith without the bother of becoming Jews.
In his book Perspectives Old and New on Paul: The "Lutheran" Paul and His Critics, Stephen Westerholm[1] defines the core understanding of the New Perspective and its claims, and then compares it to 1) the historic understanding of many theologians of the Christian church, and 2) to the Pauline texts themselves. Westerholm defines “Lutheran” not by denominational structure or commitment, but by the readers, who consider Paul’s understanding of salvation to be the doctrine of justification by faith excluding any human “works”.
Westerholm defines the issue at stake well by paraphrasing: “Whether justification by faith, not by works of the law means ‘sinners find God’s approval by grace, through faith, not by anything they do, or whether its thrust is that Gentiles are included in the people of God by faith without the bother if becoming Jews” (p. 445). According to Westerholm, the New Perspective emphasizes that Judaism was not “legalistic” in the first century. Jews did not think that they earned salvation; rather, God’s goodness was in their life because they had a covenant with God and they wanted to respond by fulfilling God’s covenant requirements.
The book can be divided into three parts. In part one, he describes the doctrine of Paul as proclaimed and written by Augustine, Martin Luther, John Calvin, and John Wesley. In part two, he briefly summarizes the responses of the scholars who question the traditional understanding of Paul’s Gospel and the Law. He also gives some counter-positions to these critics. In part three, he gives his own assessment of justification and law in Pauline texts.
The first part observes historical understanding of Paul’s soteriology. The choice of the historic theologians itself is quite interesting. Certainly, Augustine is a well-respected theologian in the Catholic Church. But he is also the master and pater of Protestant theology. Luther was an Augustinian monk and was well learned in Augustine writings. Similarly, John Calvin used Augustine more and more extensively as he edited the Institutes. Obviously, he grew to discover many doctrines from Augustine.
Where Augustine, Luther, and Calvin are well-respected theologians in the reformed-side of churches and scholarship, Wesley’s reputation is more questionable. This preacher, who proclaimed in different kinds of meetings many nights a week, and started “Methodist” groups in England, is of course well-known for his evangelistic fervor. However, his theology was more “arminian” emphasizing the free will of a man. Whereas Augustine, Luther and Calvin spent considerable time refuting free-will people (Pelagius, Erasmus, Anabaptist), Wesley saw people having an ability to turn to Christ with their own. Despite of this drastic difference in soteriology, Westerholm wants to show, that their understanding of Paul and justification by faith is similar, if not identical. I suppose, Westerholm does this intentionally in order to show the more universal historic church position on the issue, within the larger scale of Christian church.
According to Westerholm there are at least seven fundamental similarities that these famous church theologians agree and what are the core issues of the Gospel in their theology (p.88-97).
1) Human nature, created good, has been so corrupted by sin that human beings are incapable of God-pleasing action. They are rightly subject to God’s condemnation.
2) Human beings must be justified by divine grace, responded to in faith, and not by any works of their own.
3) Justification by grace through faith leaves human beings with nothing of which they may boast in God’s presence. The false notion that human beings can contribute to their justification opens the door to a presumption that ill suits creatures in the presence of their Creator.
5) The Mosaic Law was given, in part, to awaken in human beings as awareness of their need of divine grace. Believers are delivered from its condemnation and need not observe its ceremonial prescriptions. The gift of God’s Spirit enables them (in some measure) to fulfill its moral demands.
6) Whether sin remains a reality in the lives of justified believers is an issue that “Lutherans” cannot but confront, though they disagree in their assessment of it.
7) Whether the divine grace to which salvation is to be attributed must be deemed the irresistible source of the believer’s faith is an issue that “Lutherans” cannot but confront, though they disagree in their assessment of it.
After the older assessment of these reformers, Westerholm moves to the 20th century critics of the Lutheran position. Westerholm gives a concise and well-understood summary of many exegetes contribution to the recent discussion in relations to Paul’s understanding of salvation. The developments of the critics are lead by E.P. Sanders and his influential book: Paul and Palestinian Judaism. According to Westerholm, Sanders wanted “to destroy the view of Rabbinic Judaism which is still prevalent in much, perhaps most, New Testament scholarship”, namely, “legalistic works-righteousness.” Sanders emphasized the following things: application-orientation, God is faithful even Israel would disobey and no doctrine of original sin exists in Pauline theology “despite the tendency to disobey, man is free to obey or disobey.” Therefore, righteous is “the one who accepts the covenant and remains within it” and obedience is a “condition for remaining in the covenant, but they do not earn it” – This what salvation by grace means. Sanders is trying to convey that Paul is not distinct from the rabbinic thinking – except that salvation is eventually found in Christ. Thus: 1) The traditional Lutheran view, namely, the doctrine of justification, not by works (rabbinic thought) is wrong. 2) Doctrine of justification is correct in that it is not by works. It is Paul, who misinterpreted the Judaism, the faith of his fathers.
Another significant study that has lead to the rise of New Perspective is Kummel’s work on Paul. Westerholms describes well Kummel’s argumentation on the identity of εγω in Romans 7. Kummel is the first modern scholar who argues for non-Pauline identity of εγω in Romans 7. Since that many scholars have considered this as a norm in scholarship and followed Kummel’s argumentation (see Appendix 2 for argumentation).
Following Kummel, Krister Standahl (The Apostle Paul and the Intropective Conscience of the West, 1972) has tried to persuade that Paul cannot talk about himself in Romans 7. The consciousness of Paul prior to conversion was not sin struggling. He did not seem to have a personal problem as have been suggested based on Phil 3, 1 Cor. 4:4, 2 Cor. 12:7; Gal 4:13. Therefore, the problem of Lutheran Paul discussion “How can I find a gracious God” is not a Pauline question. So Christians have asked the wrong question.
I do not find Kummel’s argument fully compelling since Paul did not have a sinful understanding of himself prior to his conversion. Therefore, he can say that he was “blameless when it comes to law”. This does not prove is sinlessness, but his self-righteousness.
Then Westerholm discusses other noteworthy scholars and their input the conversation. For example: Wrede says that justification is a “polemical doctrine” where Schweiter states that “The doctrine of righteousness by faith is therefore a subsidiary crater, which has formed within the rim of the main crater – mystical doctrine of redemption through the being-in-Christ.
Next, Westerholm discusses the understanding of “the righteousness of the law” in current scholarship showing by numerous examples that there is no scholarly consensus on Paul’s view of the law. For Rudolf Bultmann “righteousness of the Law” is ”bad” because it is based on Jewish self-focused recognition on his own accomplishments. Opposite to Bultmann, Ulrich Wilckens, righteousness of the Law is ”good” because the law was positive to Jews but they failed to keep it. For E.P. Sanders “righteousness of law” is indifferent because he claims quite uncaringly ”the supposed objection to Jewish self-righteousness is as absent from Paul’s letters as self-righteousness itself is from Jewish literature” (Law, 156).
John W. Drane thinks Paul’s thinking changed between Galatians and Romans. Paul was a ”libertinist” in Galatians and ”legalist” in 1 Corinthians, but more balanced in 2 Corinthians and in Romans. Hans Hubner saw Galatians view on law negative, but in Romans a positive view on law. The change happened because of the Jerusalem apostles. Heikki Räisänen says that Paul’s view on law was not consistent even in Romans: ”contradictions and tensions have to be accepted as constant features of Paul’s theology of the law” (Law, 11). He says that Paul’s personal theological problem required ”a historical and psychological explanation” (12). According to Räisänen, Paul is trying to defend impossible situation, namely ”that a divine institution has been abolished through what God has done in Christ Unanswerable, yet real Pauline statement: Christians dispense the law that they believe is from a divine origin.” (264-265). Kuula follows Räisänen by saying that Paul is trying to defend this with forced interpretations of the Scripture and artificial arguments.
Next, Westerholm moves to the other New Perspective advocates. These scholars do not question as much Paul’s consistency. Unlike the scholars mentioned above, who say that Paul missed the point, these scholars say that Luther missed the point. The 1st century Judaism was not righteous by works oriented.
James D.G. Dunn (Jesus, Paul and the Law, 1990; Theology of Paul the Apostle, 1998), another energetic defender and the person who coined the New Perspective says: ”Judaism is first and foremost a religion of grace.” For Dunn, the works of the law does not mean that good works would gain salvation. Rather, they mean “boundary markers” (e.g. circumcision, Sabbath, food laws, cleanness laws) that marked out the Jews as God’s covenant people. He does not consider justification as an act of legal pronouncement by God, but as an ongoing process done by God.
One of the clearest advocates of the New Perspective, N.T. Wright (The Climax of the Covenant, 1991; Christian Origins and the Question of God, 1992-), has become one of the most influential NT scholars of today. He says that the core of Pauls’s Gospel was not justification, but Jesus death, resurrection and exaltation as Lord. claims that for Paul God’s righteousness, namely, covenant faithfulness, was climactically at work in Jesus (”The real Judaism was not a religion or legalistic works-righteousness”, rather it was ”based on a clear understanding of grace” (History, 79-80). Justification means primaraly that all who have faith in Jesus belong as full member of God’s family.
C.E.B. Cranfield, an eminent British scholar, follows the reformed understanding of the law that is in the perfect harmony of the Gospel (though the term is used only an aspect of it).
Thomas Schreiner, an American Pauline scholar, holds the Reformed understanding of the law. Even though his arguments are based on same material as Sanders’, the conclusions are different. The difference between Lutheran and Reformed understanding of the law is that the Lutherans stress the discontinuity between the Old and New covenant, while for the Reformed ”the two covenants are basically continues in principle, but recognize the difference in salvation history” and therefore a regenerate person can obey the law.
Mark Seifrid, one of the staunchest critics of the New Perspective, has written a lot about the topic. He argues that in Adam we are all sinners, in Christ we are righteous. Not simply to provide additional justification but full justification (read=Justification by faith alone).
Westerholm also mentiones other perspectives to consider including two Finnish scholars, Timo Laato and Lauri Thuren. According to Laato, the greatest weakness of Sanders’ argumentation is his inadequate coverage of the question of the capacity of humankind. Humanity is in “wretched state of calamity” and therefore no one can do right from pure motives. Jewish understanding is based on human free will; Pauline anthropology is in the state of depravity.
Lauri Thuren focuses on Paul’s rhetoric and how we cannot read Paul as static way but understand that he was trying to affect his readers. An ancient Judaism was more diverse than Sanders portrays.
According to Westerholm, Sanders claims that Paul and Palestinian Judaism did not distinguish between grace and works. Getting in is by grace and staying in is by works. Sanders says that protestant view that Judaism was to get saved by works is misguided because Israel was elected to be the covenant community by “covenant nomism”, that is divine grace. Westerholm however, argues against it that the historic texts do not speak for it. Moreover, many old Pauline scholars are frustrated with Sanders because he seems to portray Judaism as Pelagius type religion, where humans are not totally depraved.
In the third part of his book, Westerholm discusses with the Pauline texts. He goes through all the Pauline texts in the light of explicit and implicit justification language.
· The law us understood to prescribe what people ought to do, and those who behave accordingly are dikaios
· Righteousness is what sinners need and lack. Gentile do not lack it by definition (because they are not part of the covenant) only because people are sinners
· It is Judaism that links dikaio terminology with a process of outsiders coming to belong to God’s people.
1. Thessalonians. Nothing gives evidence that Paul would have considered that loyalty to Jewish covenant provided a option for salvation. It is true that “justification by faith” term does not occur. However, the concept is seen here as the reformers articulated it: faith itself works. The Paul of Thessalonians says nothing to offend his “Lutheran” readers, but neither does he articulate a distinctively “Lutheran” position.