"At least two Cardassian Galor-class vessels coming from their border. Another vessel of similar make is coming from a point within the DMZ. I also have the Aurora and the Federation vessel Enterprise on long-range subspace sensors."
Potana narrowed his eyes. "In other words, he is in position to intercept us for our dash to return to the Badlands. Undoubtedly to hold us for the others to catch up." He smirked slightly. "Perhaps I shall play a different tack then. Comms, please open a channel to the Aurora. Standard encryption, full video."
"To Aurora. Captain Dale would like to thank you, your timing is impeccable. Our operation is nearly complete and we shall need assistance in smashing these Cardassian vessels. We await your arrival."
The unencrypted communication played over the speakers again even as the image of the Dorei ship's bridge, with a grim Captain Dale in the background beside Potana, remained on the bridge viewscreen. Evek saw the smirk on Malcet's face and wanted to wipe it off. "It appears the Obsidian Order's paranoia isn't so bad after all, is it Gul?", Malcet pointed out.
Evek smoldered. He knew Picard would never get involved in this deception, but he'd also suspected Dale and his crew were pulling something. Not this, though. I believed he was sincere. "Send to our ships. I want every available vessel en route. Our mission is to take or destroy the Aurora as well as the Mayala."
"Preferably take," Malcet murmured. "I believe we can glean much intelligence from the vessel... and its command crew."
Julia slumped in her seat. Those encryptions... the Cardassians had to have broken them by now. "Status on the Cardassians?"
"No change as of yet. Captain Picard is hailing and wants to know what is going on. Wait, I have Gul Evek on subspace. Open channel."
The holo-viewer shifted to show Evek's face. "Alliance vessel Aurora, I have clear evidence that you have willfully assisted an enemy of Cardassia. You will lower shields now and prepare to be boarded. If you resist, you will be fired upon, and the Cardassian Union will consider it an act of war. You have one minute to comply."
Julia stared at the screen for a moment. "I'm not turning this ship over to the Cardassians," Julia said. "I'm not letting them take us. Don't fire first. Jarod, put me on." When he did so, she spoke. "This is Commander Julia Andreys of the Aurora. You are being tricked. Captain Dale went to the Mayala to try and negotiate Captain Potana's surrender and Potana is using this against us. I won't participate in any attack on a Cardassian vessel, but if we are fired on I'm going to defend this ship." She took in a breath. "Time to intercept?"
"I'm not close enough, Captain," she replied. "But I sensed no deception from them before. On the other hand, simply because he is religiously inspired does not mean Captain Potana will not use trickery and deception."
Robert watched the icons on the screen grow closer. They had overheard the exchange of hails between Aurora and Vetar. "What are you doing?"
"The war to destroy Cardassia will come now," Potana remarked. "Commander Andreys will not abandon your crew to Cardassian torturers, so she'll fight. If she escapes, which I hope, then the Cardassians were the paranoid lunatics who bought my clear deception. Some will argue it was only an excuse to start a war they wanted. And the Alliance will be galvanized to fight. And if she doesn't... she and your crew will be mourned. And Commander Carrey, who is undoubtedly on his way as well, will slip out of the DMZ under cloak to report the same. The deaths of you and your friends to Cardassian paranoia and treachery will be a rallying cry." Potana drew in a breath. "Either way, Cardassia will be punished."
Robert remained quiet for several moments. "That's the difference between us, isn't it, Jagal? Despite everything."
"I did what I did to save the innocent." Robert glared at him. "But you care more about punishing the guilty."
"At the expense of the innocent? At the expense of our crews? Of all the innocent lives that a war will cost? You seem to put so much stock in rescuing the prisoners, but it's not about them. They're just another way to injure Cardassia. You don't care if they live or die."
"They are matryrs to righteousness," Potana insisted. But Robert thought he saw a glimmer of what he hoped was doubt.
"Are they? Or will they be the victims of your arrogance, of your callous disregard for their well-being. Of your sinful pride." Robert pointed a finger at him. "You swore an oath to the Supreme to protect the Dorei of all nations. You swore an oath, Jagal. And now you are breaking it by dragging your people into a war they do not want!"
"I am upholding the will of the Supreme!", Potana thundered. "What, is this it?! Is this your last measure to sway me from my cause? To make me break faith?! I swore on their graves, Robert, on their graves, that I would devote my life to Divine Justice! I will not be swayed by anyone!"
"Sorry for what?" Potana shook his head. "For those worms your officers slipped into my computers? My engineers found and eliminated them already. You have nothing over me, Robert, no way to stop me."
On the bridge of the Vetar, the Operations Officer there looked up. "Gul, I am detecting a low power transmission from the Mayala, text only. It is from Captain Dale."
Malcet smirked. "A deception of some kind." He looked over to the tactical officer. "How soon until we can fire on the Aurora?"
Evek did not react as his officer gave a reply. He reached onto his control and brought up the message despite his own cynical view of its likely content. Curiosity, if anything, compelled him to see what was sent.
Evek, will explain everything later. Signal contains override code to Mayala. Transmit to take remote control. CptDale
Evek let out a grunt of surprise. "Hrm... I suppose it won't hurt.... Glinn Jorcet, transmit the code from that message back into the Mayala. Take every precaution."
"Dorei ships aren't designed to be shut down remotely," Robert remarked. "That's by design, but it doesn't mean it can't be done."
"...is very good," Robert said. "It took Commander Jarod two hours to figure out how to bypass it. He'll be sharing his notes with the Star Forces, of course, so the exploits he found can't be used again. Thankfully it didn't take as long to program the rest and compress it to fit into my multidevice in a false data log."
"This is Gul Evek of the Cardassian Defense Forces, commanding from the Vetar," a voice said suddenly over the speakers. "If you surrender your vessel immediately, I will see to it that only Captain Potana and his senior officers are held to be tried on Cardassia. I will return the rest of the crew to the Alliance for judgement. You have until I drop out of warp to respond or I will destroy the Mayala and seize any survivors."
The crew on the bridge all looked scared. Robert could see them look to Potana, their eyes full of despair and pleading. "Enemy vessel will be in range in five minutes," the woman at sensors said. "Captain...."
"My children, Captain." The Tactical Officer looked up. Robert had not paid much attention to the teal-skinned, blue-spotted man yet. "My Bondmate. I...."
"You knew you might not return to them," Potana snapped. "You knew this when you came aboard this vessel."
"Captain... please... oh Goddess...." This was from the woman at the engineering station. The lighter blue of her complexion was one Robert knew to associate with the Lushan, and she had a vibrant look with her purple spotting and eyes with dark purple hair. But her eyes were now tightly closed with tears of dread and terror coming from them. "I... I'm scared.... please don't let them take me," she cried.
Potana looked from the engineer to his sensor officer, clearly terrified to immobility, and the tactical officer worrying for his family. Robert was surprised none had yet turned on him, had pointed a finger at him for making their ship helpless. But it was clear their focus was on their commander, their leader, the man who they trusted to complete the missions assigned them and then bring them home safely. It was a bond of trust Robert had learned all too well, and it was clear to see Potana had stopped caring for it when he decided to embark upon his crusade.
"I know you'll see yourself as a matryr either way," Robert said softly. "But what about them? What about your crew? Unless you help, they will either die here and now or they'll wind up in the tender mercies of a Cardassian torturer. Which I'm more familiar with than I want to be." He looked around at them. "This is the end of your crusade, Jagal. Even if war breaks out... it won't be a proud war to avenge Cardassian evil. It'll be a stupid, pointless, bloody conflict that someone from our side is seen to have started."
"Yes," Robert agreed. "And you can do that by accepting your responsibility for what happened. I have a way for us to get your crew free and clear. The people you rescued too. But we have to do it now. And you're going to have to go to the Cardassians anyway."
And before anyone else could react, the rest of the ship suffered a series of internal explosions as well, leaving the vessel a gutted ruin. The only life signs were coming from the vessel's hanger bay and the runabouts there.
Gul Evek sat quietly as he watched Robert appear on his viewscreen, sitting in the cockpit of a runabout. "Captain, you owe me an explanation."
"I apologize for not filling you in, Gul, but I didn't think you'd trust me very much anyway. I went aboard to try to talk him into giving up or, failing that, to deliver an override code into his systems. The same code I sent to you."
"And now the Mayala is destroyed," Malcet said, sneering. "There is no way to prove Potana was a rogue. Why are we to believe this was anything but a trick?"
"Because I didn't get out alone." Robert nodded offscreen. Angel moved into their vision, her arm being used to hold a handcuffed Captain Potana. "As agreed, I will turn him over to your custody."
Malcet frowned deeply, but Evek actually smiled thinly. "I am impressed, Captain. However, it is best if we do these things properly. I'll be beaming over to the Enterprise in thirty minutes to take custody of him there."
When Robert stepped into Transporter Room 3 on the Enterprise with Angel, Worf, and a cuffed Potana between them, he found Picard and Troi waiting for him. Not just them, but Meridina as well. She nodded at Robert. Picard had something of a scowl on his face, though. "What you did," he began, his voice tight with disapproval, "was reckless. The slightest miscalculation and you would have doomed your ship and your crew, and you would have started the war you were sent to stop."
"It was a calculated risk, Captain," Robert answered. "We had to stop Mayala sooner rather than later, and I knew Potana would be hard to catch."
"No, you couldn't have. You would have been obligated to tell Evek. And if you didn't and something went wrong, you would have been complicit." Robert extended a hand. "I'm sorry for not telling you, Jean-Luc. I had to play this close to my vest."
"We've become quite the accomplished poker players ourselves," Picard murmured. "If our schedule allows Commander Riker may need to deal you in."
Evek appeared with Malcet to one side and tow guards behind him. One was carrying a pair of restraints. They surveyed the assembled and looked over to where Potana was held. "Well well, Captain Potana." Evek smirked at him. "You have been an irritant."
Robert felt the hairs on his neck stand up. Concern flashed across the faces of Troi and Meridina, and the latter began to move.
His hand did not move from where it was, it only opened. But the phaser pistol on Malcet's hip suddenly flew free from its holster and into Poltana's waiting hands. He pulled the trigger.
Potana was twisting, turning to target Evek, but there was the sharp sound of metal and Meridina's lakesh was suddenly in the way. The beam from the pistol struck the lakesh and was reflected back, striking Potana in the chest over his heart. The lost energy from the deflection kept it from vaporizing him, but nevertheless he fell over into Worf's grasp. The transporter chief called for a medical team. Robert, Picard, and Evek dashed over to face him. Potana eyed all three. "I go to see my family," he rasped. "I go to a better place."
Robert yawned. He tried to stop it, especially as it was in front of Evek and Picard, but it came in defiance of his desire. The last few days had been stressful and he missed the comfort of his own bed.
His explanation was carefully concocted. He had grabbed Potana and beamed to his runabout as Potana set off his suicide charges. All of his people had been ready with their runabout shields raised, allowing them to ride out the internal explosions that gutted the Mayala. "You are, of course, free to analyze the ship's remains yourself," Robert said to Evek.
"Of course. I'm sure our investigation will confirm the scuttling charges were of such power that all traces of organic matter were atomized beyond our ability to detect," Evek said. There was something of a smile on his face. "My report will be sure to mention the risk you put yourself in, Captain. I believe it will be key to making the Central Command accept the events that have happened."
"Yes." Evek glanced at Picard and back to Robert. "Hypothetically, Captain, if you pulled some kind of trick, some piece of technical wizardry worthy of Starfleet, and the crew of the Mayala and the prisoners I let out as bait happen to be safe on your ship..." Evek put his hands together. "I would suggest, Captain, that you be... discreet in how you handle them."
"Speaking entirely hypothetically... if I had done something, Gul Evek, I wouldn't jeopardize the peace by trying to flaunt it."
"Of course not." Evek smiled thinly. "Just so we understand each other." He stood from his chair. "Now, I have a report to file with Central Command. I will, of course, state that you and your crew went out of your way to prove the Alliance's innocence, and that you risked your life to subdue an enemy of Cardassia." Evek turned to Picard and nodded, saying "Captain" respectfully, and then stood to leave. As he got to the door he stopped and turned. "For what it's worth, I lament the loss of Captain Potana. It's never easy for a man to lose his family."
"His commitment was quite impressive. Replace his religious devotion with one to his State..." Evek shrugged. "....and I believe he would have made an excellent Cardassian." Having said that, Evek stepped out.
"Indeed?" Picard sighed. "Well, I must be satisfied with the result. A war in the DMZ would have risked restarting our own conflict with Cardassia. And with the Dominion a threat..."
"Yeah." Robert let out another yawn. "Well, we're done here. There's not enough left of the Mayala to make me want to reclaim her. It might compromise some Dorei shipbuilding techniques, but no more than the schematics we handed over. I think it's time we got out of here."
"Agreed. The Enterprise will escort you back to Bajoran space. I think Commander La Forge would prefer to keep our speed below Warp 8, however."
"Now where is the fun in that?", Robert chuckled. "I'll have Locarno go easy on you this time. Warp 6 is your cruise speed, right?"
"Of course, this means we won't be on the edge of Bajoran territory until Saturday." Picard had a thoughtful smile. "I don't suppose your officers would be interested in a friendly game at Commander Riker's Friday night poker table?"
"Again with the poker." Robert drew in a sigh. "I've gotten my clock cleaned out enough... but I guess we can spread the pain."
While his bed continued to call to him, Robert had one piece of business lett when he got back to the Aurora. After checking in and making sure nobody would miss him until the following morning's bridge watch he made his way to Deck 12. The triage area of the medbay was virtually unoccupied, just one of the enlisted crew getting a checkup from Leo's head nurse. The nurse nodded at him and indicated the bedding areas further in and past the next set of doors.
Inside Robert found... significantly more figures. Dorei crew were sitting on beds or on the floor or simply milling around, conversing. He nodded to the woman who had been Potana's sensor officer and moved on to where Leo was tending to one of his patients. "How are they, Leo?"
Leo's patient turned to face Robert. Her ridged eyebrow rose a little. "You are the commander of this vessel."
"I am T'Nya." The Vulcan had a look in her eyes that implied the emotionless demeanor she had was more fiction than truth. "I... wish to thank you for rescuing us."
"No thanks are necessary." Robert looked around and saw a diversity of species, various Federation races and a few Bajorans, who were being cared for by Leo's staff and some of the Dorei staff from Mayala. "Leo, were there any problems...?"
"No sign of significant cellular degeneration," Leo remarked. "Not that I ever want to be stored in a transporter buffer like a damned file."
"Hopefully it'll never come up." Robert pressed the comm button on his multidevice. "Dale to Scott. Remind me that I owe you a bottle of Scotch, Scotty."
"Aye sir, but ye might be wantin' tae give one tae Jarod and Tom as well. Ah cudnae of made it work on th' runabouts without them."
"No. But I believe..." T'Nya grimaced and favored her arm, causing Leo to give Robert a look that said "leave my patient alone". "I am very tired. My memories are clearly compromised."
"Get some rest." Robert looked over at Leo. "Give me any updates if something happens. My bed's calling and I think it's time I answered."
Ship's Log: 13 February 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. We've made it out of the DMZ safely and the crisis has passed. We've learned that another ship has already rescued the other half of the Mayala's crew from the sabotaged warp shuttles that Captain Potana sent them out in.
As for our own guests, we will be rendezvousing with the Kwajalein after the Enterprise leaves us to transfer them over for return to Alliance territory. I personally hope they will find new lives in the Alliance, but I would not be surprised if many of them eventually end up working with the Maquis again.
The table was silent with tension. Eyes remained fixed on the two figures staring at each other across the round table, each having the largest pile of chips remaining. A hand pushed chips in, a pile that had grown until everyone else had folded. "Raise," Riker said, a thoughtful look on his face as he held his cards close.
Moments passed. And then an equal number of chips went in. And then a few handfuls more. "I'll match that," Jarod answered, glancing at his cards. "And raise."
There were intakes of breath. Riker's eyes narrowed. He looked down to his reduced pile of chips. If he folded, his remaining chips would be so reduced that a single hand could wipe him out if the betting went high enough. He put the rest of his chips in. "All in."
Jarod nodded and checked his cards again. He matched Riker's final bet. He had a vastly dwindled pile as well. "Call." He put his cards on the table. Two queens and two deuces were prominent.
Riker stared at Jarod's hand for a moment. He exhaled harshly and set his own hand down. A pair of aces.
Jarod's mouth curled into a smile as he hauled in his winnings. Riker put his face in the palm of his right hand and leaned back in his chair.
"And now you know why we don't do poker nights," Angel mumbled from her seat. Her own pile of chips was dangerously low, just as the piles belonging to Barnes and Meridina had disappeared entirely.
"What can I say? I played professionally once," Jarod said. He put a chip in. Everyone else put one from their own dwindling piles in.
As they did so, Data looked over to Jarod from under his dealer's visor. "I have noticed, Mister Jarod, that you have an astounding diversity of professional talents."
"And he didn't have a super-advanced data-infusing machine that could download data right into his brain," Barnes clarified.
"I guess that explains how you learned to operate starships so quickly," Doctor Crusher said. "Although I would be worried about letting something do that to my brain."
"Thankfully they had me around to keep them from frying their brains," Leo noted wryly. He pushed an extra chip in. "Raise, by the way."
Angel moaned and folded. She took her handful of remaining chips and handed them to her sister. "I'm done. Anyone want a drink?"
"Prune juice, extra large", "Scotch, neat", and "Saurian brandy" were the following answers. Angel grumbled something about not being a waitress and walked off.
Robert met Leo's raise, as did Picard a moment later. "Let's see if any of us can whittle down Jarod's pile," Robert said with false hope in his voice.
Robert was the last one to the transporter room. The others had beamed back to the Aurora by the time he arrived with Picard behind him. "It's a shame Starfleet's diverting you back toward the Romulan Neutral Zone," Robert said. "If we had the day tomorrow I would have enjoyed showing you the Aurora."
"Captain Farmer's reputation speaks for itself in that regard." Picard extended a hand. "Maybe next time."
"Yes." Robert took it. "It was good working with you. I suppose it's a surprise we managed to get through it without an argument."
"I should call Robert and see if my luck in that holds with family," Picard said wryly. They shook hands and Robert turned and stepped onto the pad. "I hope you take care with your passengers. They may have left the family, but we're waiting for them to come back."
Robert said nothing, but he did wink. "Family is important. Good luck, Captain. Hopefully we'll meet again in better circumstances."
They crossed into Bajoran territory over the course of the night. The following morning everyone assembled on the bridge for the first watch. "We're an hour out from Bajor," Locarno said. "Still cruising along at Warp 6. We could..."
"No point," Robert said from the command chair. "Unless Julie is in a hurry to get to her date with Doctor Bashir."
She stared daggers at him first, and then at the chuckling Angel. "He's interesting," she said defensively.
"And handsome," Angel added. "And he has the accent, it just makes you want to swoon and melt in his manly arms."
"I'd say you should try to enjoy the examination," Barnes added, "but I figure he's got one in mind you'll enjoy anyway."
"After having to run interference to cover my crazy scheme, I think Julie's entitled to a little fun," Robert said.
Meridina's security office was the most spartan department office on the ship in the eyes of its crew. She sat at her desk, looking up at Lieutenant Draynal. "The transfer went smoothly?"
"Yes, very much so," Draynal answered. He extended his tablet for her to say. "I also have the rotations for the next few days finished. I have heard we will not be staying at Deep Space Nine for long."
"Yes, other arrangements were made during our mission, we are simply returning to wait for them to be completed," Meridina noted. She looked over the tablet. "I see you have relieved Liton of his recent duties?"
"Yes, I believe he had suffered enough. I'm re-assigning him to the team maintaining the controls on the computer core. He has marks for computer security that recommended him."
"Very well. I would hate to punish him for his initiative, merely to remind him to not be so careless as he was." Meridina did not speak of how she felt, that something was wrong, a feeling she'd had since learning of the fruitless examination of a section of Deep Space Nine that had set Lucy Lucero on edge. "Draynal, tell me... the other day, just before we met the Cardassian vessel... did you happen to sense anything?"
"Yes, that is all." As she watched him go, Meridina felt a prickle in her head. How did he not feel it? I did not know he was that unreceptive.
Meridina had been careful with her arrangements when they got back to Deep Space Nine. Knowing Constable Odo's predilection for monitoring devices in his incessant quest to deal with the station's criminal element and security problems, Meridina had swept the room repeatedly. She sat in it, quietly, meditating as she did.
When the door slid open she opened her eyes and gave a slight smile. "You are as timely as ever, my friend."
The hood came down and a dark-haired, brown-eyed male looked back at her. "You are not wearing your new uniform?", he inquired.
"I am not here as a Lieutenant Commander of the Stellar Navy," Meridina pointed out. "I am here as a Swevyra'se. The distinction is important."
A figure stepped out of the bedroom of the suite. He was clad in what passed for civilian clothes for Humans in S5T3. "You're our recruit, I take it?"
"Then I am here to serve," Lakan said. "I shall strive to protect your people in accordance with the code of Swenya and Reshan."
"Thank you for volunteering. It's not an easy life." Chakotay faced Meridina. "And thank you for setting up this lifeline for us. I know the Alliance government is officially refusing to support us."
"The Alliance government does not speak for us in this matter," Meridina answered. "I... felt what some of your people suffered with the Cardassians, Chakotay. The Code of Swenya requires we aid you against such darkness."
"The assistance is greatly appreciated. Getting our families to safety will help keep morale up in the cells."
"If I may..." Lakan tilted his head slightly in a gesture of puzzlement. "This station is run by Starfleet. How could you risk coming here if you are wanted by them?"
"Let's just say that I have my ways," Chakotay answered. "We should get going, Mister Lakan. We have a small window to meet with the Val Jean."
"Mi rake sa swevyra iso, Lakan." Meridina said nothing as he walked over to Chakotay, who was busy operating a device. After several moments he hit a key and both disappeared in red light.
Meridina was sitting alone in her office when Lucy entered. She looked up and gave her usual small smile. "Lucy. You are well?"
"Yes. I figured we could have lunch?" Lucy revealed the bags she was holding. "I got one of those Bajoran hasperats from the Replimat."
"And beamed back with it? You shouldn't have." Meridina accepted one of the bags. She had taken a liking to Bajoran cuisine in the prior month. "You are very thoughtful, Lucy."
"I try." Lucy took a seat on the other side of the desk. From the seat she could see the video Meridina was watching. The architecture was Gersallian and the people milling about were races from N2S7. "What is this?"
"Security footage from the Faith Summit five years ago," Meridina answered. "I.... seeing Captain Potana, it reminded me of this horrible tragedy. We have never solved it."
"We never even found out who did it. Evidence indicated Sindai religious extremists, but investigations by my order and others showed that the evidence was faked. An attempt to turn the wrath of our known galaxy against the polytheists of Doreia." Meridina sighed. "This is... was... one of the bomb planting sites. I have seen this video over and over and I cannot see anything suspicious."
Meridina did so, zooming in on a woman with dark hair. Since she looked Human she was clearly Gersallian, or so Meridina thought. "Lucy, where would you have seen her?"
"When we first encountered one another? The Djamar Trading Post." Meridina looked from the picture back to Lucy's stunned expression. "Who was she?"
"She and this black guy, they were trying to buy me from that pirate who abducted me," Lucy answered. "They were the ones who took my blood."
"I.... see." Meridina began tapping something on her keyboard controls. "I will write a report to Mastrash Ledosh with what you've said. This... this could be profound, Lucy. The tragedy of the Faiths' Summit has haunted us with how it remains unsolved."
"I'm just glad you two rescued me, they had something in mind and I'm sure I wouldn't have liked it." Lucy shivered, remembering how helpless she'd been.
"It was nothing," Meridina murmured. She was too busy thinking. There is something to this, I can feel it. "We should enjoy our meal while it is fresh."
Robert and Sisko walked out of Sisko's office and onto Ops. Dax and Kira were at their usual stations for the moment while Chief O'Brien was hunched over at a console, fixing a shorted ODN line. "So you're leaving?", Sisko asked.
"Day after tomorrow," Robert answered. "A squadron of Dorei Starbirds and Sol Republic cruisers will be in the area if you need help. They'll be in constant contact."
"That's good to know. Starfleet has been shifting ships toward Bajoran space. Just... not too many." They stopped by the Ops command table. "Any idea on where you're headed?"
"D3R1," Robert answered. "The Colonials and Sols are having another argument over Epsilon Indi and Admiral Maran thinks I can make them behave. I'm guessing I'll end up asking Angel to punch them."
"Are you kidding? I'm the Captain, I can't deck people." Robert laughed. "Besides, Angel would never forgive me for making her miss out on the chance to punch someone"
"...I might be able to make a few calls and see about that autographed baseball," Robert answered. "And I'll give you the receiver codes for the major leagues there. I don't know what Quark will charge you for using his holosuites like this, though."
"Not much, if he's smart," Sisko responded. "So, I think that tomorrow we should resume where we left off. Commander Carrey can't pitch no-hitters every day."
"Well, it can't be more futile than trying to play poker with Jarod," Robert sighed, after which he laughed.
Ship's Log: 6 March 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. The Aurora has departed from the Yaga System of Universe S4W8 following a successful first contact mission with a newly-discovered alien race, the Phosako. We are en route to the vicinity of the Krellan Nebula to support a scientific survey mission of the surrounding systems. This is much to the pleasure of the ship's Science Officer, who regards it as an appropriate birthday gift from Command.
The Aurora's "Lookout" crew lounge, set into the ship's bow with transparent aluminium windows looking out into space, was filled with applause as a smiling Caterina Delgado blew with all her might and extinguished the "2" and "1" shaped candles that were side by side in the middle of the cake. The birthday girl was wearing a sleeveless pink and purple trimmed shirt with "BIRTHDAY GIRL!" written on the front, with a pink skirt that matched the shirt. After the candles were out everyone began to hand her gifts. The first, from Zack, was a bright purple shirt with red lettering saying, "MAKE WAY FOR SCIENCE!" and the image of a figure rushing with a bubbling beaker in their hands.
Further away, the festivities were being witnessed by two of the crew members who were not quite part of the circle. Montgomery Scott took a drink from a shotglass of Aldebaran whiskey and offered the bottle to his companion. Jarod shook his head and hefted a box. "I'm back on duty as soon as the party's over," he reminded Scotty.
"Aye. I was just hoping tae share a quick drink with ye." Scotty smiled as a happy squee came from Caterina upon reception of another gift, a cartoonish looking character figurine, this courtesy of Julia. She put her arms around the taller blonde woman's neck in a hug of gratitude. "So, what have ye picked for th' birthday lass?"
Jarod grinned. "A database comparing astrography in the most studied universes so far." He looked over at Scotty. "And you?"
"It took some doin', but I managed tae find th' complete log that Mister Spock wrote durin' our first five year mission on th' Enterprise."
"I think I'll let th' lass and her friends finish first." Scotty continued to watch as Barnes gave a gift, although he couldn't see what it was. "I suppose my gift is a wee bit selfish. I keep thinkin' of when I was young and my time on th' Enterprise. And I know I'll nae be havin' somethin' like that again."
"They do their best to make everyone else feel a part of the family." Jarod considered his own unfinished coffee. "But even Lucy is a little distant compared to the seven of them together. They're a group in of themselves."
"Aye. But that's nae a problem. It's always hard, tryin' tae fit in with a group like that, when they've been close for so long. But they're tryin' their best tae be open with the rest of us." Scotty took another drink. "It was different for ye, wasn't it?"
"And..." Jarod smiled slightly and looked at the Scotsman. "I don't think I ever want to go back to that. I'm not giving up on finding out more about my family, but there's nothing on Earth for me compared to this."
A figure stepped up to him. He was as old as Scotty, if not older, with wrinkled light skin and a balding head of silver hair. A wide smile was already on his face. "Mister Jarod, Mister Scott," he said in a thick German accent. "Anything else?"
"More coffee would be fine." Jarod lifted the cup up to the lounge host so he could fill it from the pot he was carrying. "I've always wondered, why did you ask to become a lounge attendant on this ship? It's dangerous work."
"Yes. But I enjoy giving aid and comfort to the young, so what is danger against fulfilling the calling of one's heart?," Hargert answered. "And you are all so very young." He turned his head to Scotty. "Even you, Mister Scott, in your own way. Did you like that Scotch I had delivered?"
The ship's PA system came alive, with Meridina's voice on the other end. "Bridge to Captain Dale. We are receiving a distress signal from the colony on Grodni III."
Robert stood up from his seat at the table and slapped the multidevice on his wrist. "Set course and engage at maximum warp. Put the ship on Code Yellow."
Running lights in the corridors and throughout the lounge shifted to yellow, warning the crew that the ship was on standby alert for combat and to be ready to assume battle stations. There was a sad look on Caterina's face as she was forced to set aside the half-eaten slice of her birthday cake and join the others in rushing out. Hargert watched the lounge empty and sighed. "Such horrible timing," he murmured before working to put the cake up and gather Caterina's presents.
The Aurora came out of warp near Grodni III. The ship moved toward the planet quickly, taking up a parabolic course to begin a high orbit.
"I've never seen a warp trail like this before," Jarod noted. "Whoever is responsible for the attack is long gone, though."
Several moments later a battered man, of middle age with graying dark hair, appeared on the screen. "This is Administrator Haldwell of the Grodni III colony. They hit our sensor dish in the first strike... I can't make out who you are."
"This is Captain Robert Dale, Starship Aurora," Robert replied. "We picked up your distress call and got here as quickly as we could. What is your status?"
"At least a hundred dead, a few thousand injured. They didn't have transporters, but they had heavy weapons and they bombed the colony so badly...."
"We'll dispatch medical teams immediately." Robert didn't need to glance to see Julia was already getting word to Leo to send in medics. "I can use all of the data on this attack you can provide."
Several hours later the command crew of the Aurora was assembled in their conference room with the understandable exception of Leo. The image of a winged space vessel with green weapons fire erupting from a bow mount appeared on the screen. "It looks like the pirate force was a carrier vessel and two ships of this size, capable of entering atmospheres," Jarod explained. "The attack only lasted for five minutes from the first shot to their warp egress from the system."
"A bit of everything." Jarod looked at a list. "Water condensers, solar panels, raw replicator stock, electronic equipment from the trashed sensor dish, just about anything you can think of."
"They weren't after anything in particular," Meridina noted. "This was a raid for raw materials. Undoubtedly for their base and space vessels."
"Yes. We didn't get any shots of them, unfortunately, only a few camera captures that were too blurry to be of use."
"Then we cannot determine their performance profile?" The question came from Lieutenant Commander Patrice Laurent, a Central African from New Liberty Colony who acted as the ship's CAG. "I have no information to give my pilots?"
"The warp trail is too faint, I'm guessing they use a buffer system to encourage it to degrade and prevent tracking." Jarod reached down and hit a button. "But we may have something. Cat?"
Caterina stood. She blushed and nervously pressed her hands against the sides of her black uniform skirt - a skirt that ended just above the knees - before she walked up to Jarod and pressed a button. A sensor reading of pulsing yellows and whites and oranges showed up. "The warp signature that Grodni III's sensors picked up when the ships warped in was unlike anything we've seen. The warp field has a slight instability to it."
"No, the pattern is too regular. It's... it's more like a pulse than an instability, some kind of intermittent fluctuation in the energy source maintaining the ship's warp field. It's not enough to cause the field to collapse."
Everyone looked to Scotty, who was looking with some amazement at the display. "Lad, ye haven't seen such a thing before because naebody could be daft enough tae build one," Scotty explained. "It's a bloody anti-matter pulse drive."
The stares from the more technically astute in the room were profound. "But... I mean, I thought that in those kinds of reactors the stream had to be continuous?", Caterina said, confused. "How can something like that work?"
"Dependin' on who built her, decently or not well at all," Scotty answered. "Th' pulse drive hasn't been tried in centuries. It was an auld an' failed engine type, th' Klingons experimented with 'em back in th' early 23rd Century... my universe, that is."
"What's the significance?", Robert asked. "I mean, is it too brute force or overly sophisticated or what?"
"Oh, it's both, sir. Havin' a pulse drive lets ye trim down on th' coolant systems since ye're lettin' your warp core have a wee bit of downtime." Scotty hovered a finger over the sensor reading. "That's where th' fluctuations come from. And ye've probably noticed it leaves a unique signature in subspace from th' warp field's intensity risin' and fallin', even on th' level of milliseconds."
Julia nodded in understanding. "So it lets a ship skimp on coolant system mass. They can put a bigger engine in."
"Aye. But she's got her own problems. The pulse does make it a wee bit easier tae deal with containment loss in th' reaction chamber, but ye've got tae maintain th' pulse rate just right or ye either overheat yer warp core or ye lose your warp field. Yer engineers have tae be nearly perfect, or ye need tae use precision computer automation of th' anti-matter induction system, and that's takin' a lot of risk. I cannae imagine why anyone would want tae build a design like that. It's tae bloody complex in all th' wrong places. Th' Klingons found that out th' hard way."
"Maybe it's their way of saying they're such good engineers that they can make it work well," Zack noted.
"As much as we want to deal with the pirates, we can't leave Grodni III unprotected," Meridina pointed out.
"Thankfully Admiral Lithgon has already responded, the Neptune and the Ostfriesland are en route and expected to be here in a day," Robert informed them. "In the meantime, we can keep Koenig in orbit to watch things while we begin the search."
"It's given. Let's not give the pirates any more time to find more targets. We find them, we hit them where it hurts, we come home." Robert stood. "Let's get this done."
The Koenig slid out of her berth on the Aurora's back. The vessel shimmered out of view as she moved into orbit, her cloaking device engaged. A trio of Hudson-class attack runabouts followed Koenig out and took up defensive positions around the planet.
On the bridge of the Aurora, there was the slightest hint of a tremor as the ship's massive warp drive activated and sent the Aurora racing on near maximum speed.
At the sensor station, Caterina was busy examining the warp trail while looking for the telltalse signs of an anti-matter pulse drive in operation in the distance. She stayed fixated, enjoying as always the gentle shifting of subspace as displayed on her monitor. She tapped a direct comm line button on her console. "Science to Engineering."
"Thanks. And... thanks for the gift, Scotty," Caterina added, smiling. "I'm going to spend hours every day going over Spock's logs."
With her security teams and the Marines ready, Meridina was back in her office. Commander Kane, the head of the ship's Marina contingent, sat quietly, his dirty blond hair cut to fuzz on his head. "So we board and you guard?"
"Yes." Meridina looked over her monitor, verifying security reports from across the ship. "I'll send Lieutenant Draynal as necessary to...."
"I apologize. There is a slight security issue that I must address." She reached for the ship intercom. "Ensign Liton, I require an update. There is an unauthorized access attempt on the aft primary core database."
"How curious, for I am. I want all access points double-checked immediately. And I will be implementing a code change."
"A matter that can be dealt with," Meridina assured him, even if she was feeling a sudden sense of unease. "I believe we still have the exercise scheduling for next week to sort out. It is best not to procrastinate."
Robert shifted uncomfortably in his chair, drawing the notice of Julia. "I hate waiting," he murmured to her. "We may need to allow the shift change if we don't find anything soon."
"Yeah." Julia looked over and tapped a couple of keys on her display. "We'll have to make it up to Cat, you know."
"Yeah. She deserves an uninterrupted birthday party." Robert grinned slightly. "Especially if she finds those pirates."
"I've got something!", Cat called out. She sat up straight. "I have a subspace signature on long range sensors."
"I'm not sure. It doesn't match precisely." Caterina keyed her intercom. "Scotty, can you look at this? I'm relaying it to your systems display."
Jarod looked up from Ops. "I have a match on the drive signature from the Phosako recognition charts we were given. They call them... well, something negative, that I can say for sure."
"At current warp velocity we're still.... okay, they're on an intercept course now," Jarod reported. "I'm picking up an increase in their energy signature, I think they're raising shields and arming weapons."
"They're still five minutes from weapons range," Jarod reported. "But I'll have a visual for you... now."
The gunmetal gray ship that appeared seemed to have a similar two-hull layout to the Aurora and other starship designs from some universes. But it had no curves to it, simply harsh angles, with a red-lit deflector dish cut into the lower hull where it seemed to slant upward into the primary hull. "Slant" was the right word; instead of a clear neck like on some Federation designs or the beam distinction that set the Aurora's primary hull apart from its secondary hull, the two hulls seemed to be connected by a slightly sloped neck that formed a slant shape between the bow and aft. Only very subtle curves were cut from the harsh angles at the bow of the ship, giving it the look of a smoothed box. Weapon emplacements were prominent on several parts of the hull, as was what looked to be a missile cell in addition to a torpedo launcher. Parallel to the lower hull past the bottom of the slant shape were the warp nacelles, lifted enough to have clearance over the lower hull. The Bussard ramscoops were a bright blue with the warp field generators pulsing faintly in vibrant red.
His eyes tracked toward the bow and to the emblem painted on the dorsal edge of the bow hull. Robert blinked, a mixture of surprise and dread in his gut as he recognized the insignia emblazoned on the warship's hull. "Is that actually a...?!"
"This is the cruiser Reich's Glory! You have violated the territory of the Third Reich! In the name of the Fuehrer I order you to withdraw!"
"Jarod, send a priority subspace message to Admiral Lithgon on the Liberty," Robert said, his voice full of tension. "Show him this image. And inform him that I am about to make contact."
"We know they're not the pirates. We're not out here to fight them." Robert waited for Jarod to nod and stood. He put hishands at the small of his back, helping him to avoid the temptation to shift his posture. "Reich cruiser, this is Captain Robert Dale of the Alliance Starship Aurora, representing the United Alliance of Systems. We have been in pursuit of a pirate vessel that attacked one of our colonies. No infringement of your territory was intended. If you would be so kind as to inform us of where your territory terminates..."
After a moment the screen shifted. The man who appeared was gaunt and thinly built, with piercing brown eyes to go with dark brown hair. His gray uniform... well, with some exceptions it looked like it had come out of a World War II movie or documentary. "I am Kapitan-des-Raumes Joachim Lamper of the cruiser Reich's Glory. I accept your explanation and a detailed map will be provided to you on the Reich's holdings in this cluster." The figure drew in a breath. "I did not expect to find the Remnants fielding such an.. impressive starship."
"I can safely say we are not these Remnants you speak of, Captain," Robert replied. "If I might ask... your engine systems are similar to a pirate vessel that struck at our colony. You wouldn't happen to be aware of such in this region?"
Lamper scowled visibly. "There are pirates in the nebula that have been an annoyance to the Reich in the past months, they took one of our ships through trickery." Lamper stood silent for a moment. "It would seem we have a common foe, Captain. Might I have the pleasure of further knowledge of your people? We may find cooperation to be our best way of dealing with these... schwein."
"You're rather quick to suggest cooperation, Captain Lamper. From what I know of your Reich, I can't imagine it's common for you."
"Indeed not. But I know when I am possibly outmatched, Captain Dale. And I am not fool enough to turn down aid in ending a pirate that has annoyed Reich transport in this sector. I believe your violation of Reich space can be easily overlooked in the name of cooperation."
"I see." Robert looked around and noticed the displeased and generally uneasy looks on everyone's faces. "We'll begin warping back to beyond your frontier. I'll let you know within the standard hour of my decision on your proposal. Dale out."
"My granddad would probably rise from the grave and jump universes to whup my ass if he could," Robert answered. "But right now... I'm thinking it might be the smartest choice."
"I know, dammit." Robert stood. "I'm going to go consult Lithgon. In the meantime, pull us back toward whatever frontier Captain Lamper has marked."
"It looks like their claim stops halfway across the Krellan Nebula," Locarno remarked. "I'll put us half a light year on the other side and bring us to a stop."
With fifteen minutes left until they were to hail the Reich's Glory with an answer, Robert had the command staff assembled in the conference room again with Lithgon and Zack on two different screens. "I'll relay your report to Command immediately." Lithgon had an accent that seemed almost English but not quite. He was cleanshaven and possessed a strong jaw, with blue eyes and graying dark hair. "For the time being, our primary concern is this pirate force. If they're using the nebula to maintain a base, going in and finding them will be critical to securing our colonies in S4W8."
"We're investigating ways to map the nebula and see if we can determine their likely location, but the nebula is one of the largest we've got on record," Robert noted. "Captain Lamper's people have had more time to survey this one."
"Yes." Lithgon frowned. "Hard to imagine... everyone I've talked to who has studied the Second World War remarked on the sheer impossibility of Nazi Germany prevailing over the enemies it made."
"No, you heard Lamper's challenge. He referred to them as the Third Reich, not any higher number," Julia reminded her.
Jarod looked at the screen. "Actually, Admiral, it is more accurate to say that their victory was extremely unlikely."
"Well... if you say they had a million to one odds of winning, that means there are 999,999 universes where they lost... and precisely one where they won. It's like if you flipped a coin several hundred times and each time it landed on heads. Extremely unlikely to the point of practical impossibility... but not mathematically impossible."
"An interesting analogy, Mister Jarod. I would have compared it to someone repeatedly rolling snake eyes." Lithgon drew in a breath and looked to Robert. "Do you trust them?"
"Not at all. But I do trust that they're not going to turn on us when there's still so much they don't know about us," Robert pointed out. "I think Lamper's offer of cooperation against the pirates is genuine."
"Then you may act on that thought. I'm going to begin lobbying Command to give me a fleet, in the meantime. Lithgon out."
Lamper remained still on the screen as Robert informed him of his decision. "I am pleased to see you are a reasonable man, Captain. Clearly you are not as rabid as a Remnant. Do your people happen to possess matter transmission technology?"
"Yes, we do." Robert had already considered with Lithgon what to not bring up and what was safe to mention; transporter technology was not on the restricted list.
"Good. My officers and I await your signal to transport over." Lamper nodded and disappeared from the screen.
All eyes turned to where Leo was seated back at one of the computer terminals. He looked at them and smirked. "I'm black. I'm allowed."
Robert didn't react to that. He stood up and self-consciously straightened his uniform jacket. "I'm going to meet our guests face-to-face with Meridina. We'll see the rest of you in the conference room."
A Dorei crewman, teal skinned with blue spots and short blue hair, was manning Transporter Station 1 when Robert got to it with Meridina at his side. He nodded and the Dorei immediately went to work, signaling readiness to receive a transporter signal.
Moments later four columns of white light coalesced on the transporter pad. When they finished, Robert took a moment to look them over. He recognized Lamper of course, and two younger men were in the same gray uniforms as he was, one a brown-haired gentleman and the other blond. And the fourth...
He was also blond, with cold blue eyes, the spitting image of a Nazi of the movies and art Robert had taken in as a child... which fit uncomfortably well with his black uniform. The lapel bore two lightning bolt insignia twisted in just a way to resemble "S"s and his belt had a skull with crossbones.
Of course. They have SS. Robert took a breath and forced down the roiling sensation of wrongness in his gut. He stepped forward and extended a hand. He was thankful that he could recall his grandmother's German lessons enough to say, "Captain Lamper, welcome to the Aurora", in that language.
Lamper considered his extended hand for a moment. A small smile crossed his face and he extended his own gloved hand to take Robert's for a handshake. "Captain Dale, you speak German?"
"My grandmother taught me as a child," Robert confirmed for them. He believed it better not to mention that she had been a "war bride", meeting his grandfather when Grandpa Allen had been on occupation duty in post-war Germany in the 1940s. "I wanted to be a good host."
Lamper nodded amiably. "You speak your grandmother's tongue very well, Captain. Do remember me to her."
Robert was not about to show the feelings he had over his grandmother's death so many years ago. "I'm afraid I cannot. She passed when I was still a youth."
"Ah." Lamper nodded slowly. "Then my condolences, Captain." He looked to his men. "Allow me to introduce some of my senior officers. Korvettenkapitn Hans Buhle, one of my shift commanders, and my Tactical Officer Kapitnleutnant Peter Weigle." The SS man gave a pointed look to Lamper, irritation oozing from his expression. Lamper barely seemed to acknowledge it. "And the head of my cruiser's SS detachment, Sturmbannfhrer Erik Fassbinder."
"Gentlemen," Robert said with amiability... very forced amiability, but still that. "My security chief, Lieutenant Commander Meridina."
Meridina nodded stiffly. She was the one member of the command staff who would have no preconceptions about their guests and showed no irritation at their presence.
"The Allied Systems do not discriminate when it comes to those who wish to serve the Alliance," Robert noted.
"And aliens too," Fassbinder said, as if ignoring him, and focusing his intention on the Dorei crewman at the transporter. "Did your people conquer his homeword?"
"Hrm. A pity, I might have had more respect if your Alliance put the untermensch in their place. It is no wonder that a few drops of Aryan blood qualified you to command this ship, then."
Robert leveled a glare at the SS man. "We should get going," he said, ignoring the impulse to say what was on his mind. "My command staff is waiting."
They arrived in due time at the conferece room, many of the senior staff present with Locarno manning the bridge. The four Reich officers looked over the command crew studiously. Kaleun Weigle's eyes were the first to move toward Julia, causing him to show a soft smile. Fassbinder made a "harumph" sound as Robert introduced her as his First Officer. "A fine Aryan specimen should be at home breeding for the Race," he scolded.
Another small grin crossed Lamper's face and he looked at Robert with an amused expression. "Interesting."
"We can give you external translation systems to fit on your ears for this conversation," Robert continued.
"I am actually fairly fluent in English myself, Captain," Lamper said in that language. "It is a trading language in the Reich's British and American subordinated provinces."
"I see." Robert looked at him calmly, ignoring the very real revulsion he felt at the implications of what Lamper said. "And your officers?"
"I have no need to speak non-Aryan tongues," Fassbinder insisted. "So I shall take one of your systems."
Robert handed him an earpiece from a receptacle on the wall and went to his chair. "You may take seats."
Fassbinder frowned as he saw his seat would him put him across from Angel, with Cat and Leo at her sides. As he sat, he muttered, "It is a shame that so much of your crew is untermenschen, Captain. It will make this mission all the more difficult..."
"Captain Lamper, if the Sturmbannfhrer insults my staff and crew one more time, I'm going to instruct Lieutenant Delgado to drag him back to the transporters to be returned to your ship. By any means she deems necessary."
The SS man frowned at Lemper before looking past him to Robert. "Captain Dale, your point is made. I would hate for there to be any trouble between your Alliance and the Reich." He put his gloved hands together on the table. "If I may ask, Captain, when do you intend to share the origins of your Alliance? The Remnants are too scattered and weak to have built such a vessel."
"Of course you are not." Fassbinder smirked. "You are, after all, from another universe or timeline, yes?"
Robert's mouth hung open, his next word freezing in his throat. The crew all focused on Fassbinder.... as did his compatriots. "I beg your pardon?", Robert finally managed to say.
"Oh, Captain, please, let us be honest," Fassbinder continued. "The Gestapo and the SS have an amiable working relationship, and we had already determined your origins from our... careful probing of your new colonies. Your people are from another universe, or multiple such universes, and use some form of wormhole-based drive system to travel between them, yes?"
For the briefest moment Robert thought of denying it... but he didn't think the deception would work and it would only undermine the situation further. Additionally, from the look on Lamper's face, Robert suspected the last thing he wanted was to give the two men a common ground of facing his own deception. "Yes. The Allied Systems have interuniversal drive."
Fassbinder smiled evilly. Or so Robert saw the smile; it was certainly a smug, self-satisfied smile from a man who considered himself the pinnacle of humanity.
Lamper did not look nearly as satisfied. He looked intently at Fassbinder. "My reports from the Abwehr make no mention of this. How long has the SS been hiding such critical information from the OKW?!"
"The information was deemed too important to be disseminated until necessary, Captain," Fassbinder explained calmly. "The Fuehrer ordered the highest secrecy. Only the SS officers of the Krellan Nebula Division were informed of their existence."
Lamper and the others were clearly displeased, but Lamper was quick to bite down his irritation. "I apologize for the diversion, Captain. I believe we had practical issues to discuss?"
"Yes. You've been in contact with the nebula longer, you know it better," Robert explained. "If we had your data and combine it with our determination of the pirates' courses, we could find whatever base or facility they're using."
"A reasonable plan," Lamper agreed. "The data will be provided. We should discuss our vessels' rough capabilities as well, to make the coming battle more manageable."
The resulting discussion was not as productive as it could have been; Robert was not about to divulge everything about the Aurora's defensive capabilities, and neither Lamper nor Fassbinder were quick to do the same for their ship, confirming only that it was considered the equivalent of a heavy cruiser - or rather a heavier light cruiser - and that its class name was Sedan-class. Progress was made solely in examinations of the nebula itself, with data from the Reich's Glory being transmitted to Caterina (with extensive computer protection protocols having already been enabled) for analysis.
The conference room table's holo-projector now showed a layout of the nebula, with the Aurora's long range scans supplementing the astrographical data provided. The nebula pulsed red and blue over everyone's faces. Caterina pressed the controls to direct markers and to show what she could reconstruct of the raiders' course on their end. Lamper was quick to authorize similar records from his own side. The lines did not converge exactly, but they did indicate a specific area.
"Section D-10-C of the Krellan Nebula is..is a rough convergent point for all known raider activity," Caterina pointed out, her tripping on her words prompted by her shyness and reluctance to be the center of attention. "The nebula's gases distort the drive, uh, drive tails and give us a zone of error, but given the central location this would be a good place to hide."
"I concur," Kaleun Weigle said to Lamper. "I would place a base there myself if we were seeking to use the nebula. It gives the defender time to detect incoming vessels."
Lamper shook his head. "The Reich has attempted such before, it was not successful. The nebula is too dense, it interferes with everything, even subspace."
"Only the lower bands of subspace, though," Cat replied to him. "If we focus our scanning on higher bands, we might find active warp cores or other signs of activity. And we can use probes to widen the search areas."
"And you believe you can succeed where fine Aryan minds have failed, Lieutenant?", Fassbinder asked with a smirk.
Caterina was not hostile in reply so much as having her usual shyness aggravated by her discomfort with Fassbinder and the others. "Well... uh... yes, yes I can. Our sensor systems are very, uh, sophisticated, and... and finetuning our sensors for the Badlands back in S5T3 showed me a few more tricks."
"Another universe, Captain Lamper," Caterina said. "We use an, uh, an algorithim system to denote uni...universes for our drives."
"Ah." Lamper nodded to her. "I see you have put a lot of thought into this, Lieutenant. Very commendable work." He ignored the annoyed look from Fassbinder. "My officers will be instructed to accept your protocols and direction on our scans."
"Yes, but for the time being we should get started on the search." Robert looked to Lamper. "It will take us several hours to get to the target area, Captain. I think we should get a good night's sleep and meet again tomorrow."
Years of service made it impossible for Scotty to sleep past 0600, and as a result he was in Engineering at 0620 sharp to get a report from the Gamma Shift engineers. Sensor modifications had been finished, warp field harmonics streamlined, and the ship's armor-repair systems quadruple-checked.
From there it was on to breakfast in the crew lounge (Scotty not particularly caring for the nickname of "Lookout"). Hargert was quick to attend to him while preparing for Gamma Shift's post-watch dinner meal. After a proper breakfast was laid out it was time to enjoy it while reading the morning reports on his data tablet. Occasionally Scotty peaked out to see the gasses of the Krellan Nebula swirling and shifting through the window, blue highlights to a red sky creating a vista that reminded him too much of Mutara Nebula.
"Good morning, Scotty." Jarod slipped into the chair beside him, his breakfast of eggs and replicated sausage links with a bowl of wheat cereal and blueberries in milk on his tray. He set down a cup of coffee and picked up his own tablet. "I see Lieutenant Nesay got those sensor modifications done."
"Aye." Scotty put the tablet down and took a drink of coffee. "So, when dae we play hosts tae those... gentlemen again?"
Jarod sighed. "Staff meeting is set for eleven hundred. Julia... Commander Andreys has already put in the order for a lunch meal to be delivered to the conference room."
"Captain Lamper seemed like a decent sort, but that man Fassbinder..." Scotty shook his head. "Cannae trust 'em."
"You'll get no argument from me." Jarod took a bite and looked out at the nebula. "Do you ever think of retiring?"
"Aye," Scotty answered. "When my bones creak an' I'm slow risin' from bed. It's nae easy bein' an old man tryin' tae run with ye young people."
"Of course." Scotty allowed himself a small smile. "Especially for a chance like this. I'll always miss th' Enterprise, but th' Aurora... the lass is a work of art. Retirement can wait. Besides, someone has tae teach these lads and lasses what it means tae run a starship."
"I don't know where we'd be without you, Scotty." Jarod's answer came with a wide smile and a nod. "Experience wins in the end, after all."
"No. Dreamed of that time my grandfather took a belt to my rear for putting silly putty in the family combine," Robert said.
Julia smirked. "Oooh, I remember that. You couldn't sit for a week. And I hit you too, because it was my can of silly putty you ruined."
Julia's request was met immediately. The holoviewer shifted to show a single-hulled warp vessel. Its running lights were flickering and the ship was adrift. "Do we have any life signs?"
Barnes shook his head. "I wouldn't do that if I were you, with how thick the gasses are going the transporter beam's going to be seriously distorted. We could try a drone or something, but that's it. And we'll have to get within five kilometers for the transporter to work."
The two ships drew within the aforementioned range. "Preparing transport of drone. Transporting." Jarod waited for the report from the transporter operators to come back. "We're getting a live feed. Putting it on..."
The screen showed a dark bridge chamber with the light of the probe moving over panels. "Wait." Caterina tapped something on her board. "I'm picking up a buildup in that ship's warp core! It's going into overload!"
Jarod tapped an intercom key on his board. "Scotty, what if we reversed the graviton generators on the tractor emitters?"
Jarod's finger stabbed on the control. A beam of blue energy lashed out from the tractor emitter placed on the bottom of the primary hull toward the bow. When it struck the other ship it began pushing it away, every moment adding to the speed of the other vessel. And then....
The holoviewer went white as a bright light erupted from the vessel. It auto-dimmed before it became painfully blinding, but nobody was watching at that point as the ship rocked violently under them. As the rocking stopped Robert settled back into his chair, his chest aching a bit from being forced against his harness. "Damage report."
"Surface damage to all decks in the direction of the blast. Having the gas that didn't combust forced against us caused some stress in the integrity support fields." Jarod looked over his reports from the ship's departments and systems. "Auto-repair systems are not engaged, the damage is minimal." His comm light went green. "Captain Lamper on audio."
"Ah, good. We took minor hull damage from the blast. It would have been worse if you had not pushed the ship away. My engineering officers are most impressed with your use of tractor systems."
"They can give their thanks to Commander Scott and Commander Jarod," Robert replied. "This was clearly a trap and I'm betting the pirates will know someone triggered it."
Robert looked over at Cat, who shook her head. "Neither do we. They probably had an active beacon on the ship, or something nearby keeping an eye on it."
"We didn't either," Cat said. "And even if it was a low-powered transmission to avoid detection, nebula interference would mean they couldn't read it either."
The officers who came over were the same from last time but with one unexpected addition, a short and thin dark-haired brown-eyed Leutnant named Kurt Rabe who seemed as nervous as Caterina as they took seats. "Our scans confirmed that there was a high-powered receiver on the ship," Jarod stated, bringing up a holo-representation of the destroyed trap vessel. As its destruction was "replayed", a spike of energy was seen in the vessel. "That's why we didn't pick up a signal. It was set to send an immediate burst transmission only microseconds before the containment field in the warp core failed."
"A term for matter/anti-matter reactor very common in the Federation," Jarod clarified. "You can blame Mister Scott."
"I would be most interested to learn of what other societies you have in this multiverse," Rabe said. He shrunk back in his seat when he saw Fassbinder glare at him.
"A matter for another time, Leutnant," Lamper remarked sternly, though he clearly had a different concern from the SS man. "Our sensors detected no such signal."
"Most of our's didn't either. Even with the power available, to carry the signal through the nebula required it to be sent through high subspace bands. It's actually an added benefit for them because most sensors wouldn't pick it up. We didn't realize we saw it until Lieutenant Delgado and I checked our readings again and found the burst." Jarod put his hands behind his back and looked down at the smiling Cat, who was beaming from the compliment and from the fact that he had agreed to give the brief. "Of course, this is an advantage for us now."
"Yes," Jarod answered. "We know where it was sent. And they won't know that we survived the blast intact."
"You don't think they could transmit our distance?", Julia asked. "If they did then they'd have to know we weren't caught in the blast."
"The energy required to punch a signal through the nebula at that band of subspace is so much that all they would be able to feasibly power is a simple message, a few characters of text," Jarod explained. "Anything more and the transmission might fade before it reaches their receiver."
"So we either find a chain of relays or we find their base," Robert said. "but either way, we now know where to search. Of course, I have another question for us to consider." He put his hands together. "What if they vector ships to intercept us?"
"If they do that, we will take damage before we can assault their base," Lamper remarked. "Either they will be powerful enough to present a threat or they will warn we are coming. It is best if we take an indirect route."
The far door to the ship's turbolift system opened, interrupting Julia. Two figures dressed in the lounge servers' suits came out with a push tray full of dishes, with Hargert following with his own smaller cart. The older man looked dour in his plain gray suit and did not have the customary smile the Aurora crew knew him for. He was silent as they put the carts into position and began putting dishes on the table. They were a variety of warm foods, casseroles and stews with a variety of sausages on some plates. "I asked Herr Hargert to provide a proper lunch," Robert said. "A gesture of hospitality and some familiar foods for your benefit. And, selfishly, because I still miss my grandmother's cooking."
As plates were given out and foods shown, the five visitors couldn't help but notice the scowl fixed on Hargert's face. The Aurora crew noticed it too. "Are you alright?", Leo asked. "Is something wrong?"
"If I may..." Weigle looked up from the sausages he was retrieving from the plate. "There was a family of Hargerts beside my parents' home, in Kln. Would you happen to be..."
Most of the visiting Reich officers were more perplexed than anything, but there was clear irritation on Fassbinder's face. "You hate us," he grumbled.
All eyes turned toward Hargert, who said nothing as he sat a container of rice pudding on the table.
With his face turning red, Fassbinder stood from his chair and moved around Lamper to confront Hargert. "Sturmbannfhrer!", Lamper called out.
Hargert continued to ignore him, but Fassbinder pushed the cart hard enough that it struck the wall toward the head of the table, causing the remaining dishes to softly clatter. He stood between Hargert and kept getting in his way. Lamper shouted, "Sturmbannfhrer, cease this at once!"
"Then you know what I represent!" As Hargert repeated the prior answer, Fassbinder cut him off. "I am sworn to uphold the virtues and integrity of the German People! All Germans, even you, I serve you!"
"No you don't," Hargert responded with a rage in his voice the Aurora crew had never heard. "You represent nothing but a perversion of the German nation, a disgrace! You and your filth are the shame we can never wash away. Your crimes, your death camps, your slaughter.... you think we would side with you? Nie weider!" Hargert looked past Fassbinder, who had only turned more purple, and asked Robert, "Captain, I would like to leave. Olujwe and Hasters can finish providing the lunch."
Fassbinder followed Hargert to the turbolift. "You vile old traitor! You lost the war, didn't you?! You proved yourself unworthy of the First Fuehrer and now you blame him for your failure! You didn't fight hard enough! You didn't sacrifice enough! You gave up on your Fatherland and you let the lesser races and the mongrel nations they ruled castrate you and pollute your blood! We will not be treated like this, old gelding! We will not be insulted by you!"
For a moment Fassbinder stared at the turbolift door. When he turned around the purple had begun to fade from his face and his expression had become controlled, or frankly wooden. "Jawohl, Kapitan," he responded briskly, returning in measured steps to his chair and sitting in it. He did not touch the food.
When the lunch was over and the following meeting concluded, Caterina headed for the door leading to the bridge when she was intercepted by one of the Reich officers. She looked at him with trepidation, unsettled and her customary shyness growing in potency due to how much she really didn't want to be near him. "You're... Rabe, right?"
"Lieutenant Rabe, yes," the young sensorman replied. "I wanted you to know, Lieutenant, that I found your protocols for deeper subspace scanning to be brilliant. I've never seen such a thing done before. I am honored to have worked with you."
"Well, uh..." Caterina swallowed. A small smile forced itself onto her face. "Okay. Okay, thank you. Thank you for that." She held out a hand. Rabe eyed it for a moment and took it, giving her a simple handshake.
Both became aware of a looming presence and turned to see Fassbinder glaring at them. Rabe pulled his hand back quickly and gulped. He marched past the SS man briskly and joined Weigle and Buhle as they headed to the turbolift. Fassbinder watched him go and looked back to Caterina, who eyed him warily. The scowl on his face was still there, but it turned into a smirk as he turned away.
On the other side of the conference room, Lamper looked quietly out at the nebula. "Your grandmother... she felt the same way about the Reich, yes?", he asked Robert.
"She did." Robert nodded. "But she liked to talk about people who weren't involved in the activities of the regime. She talked about Oskar Schindler and John Rabe and other Germans who opposed Hitler or protected innocent people."
"Just as we would villify them." Lamper drew in a breath. "I do not know what life is like for the Germans of other worlds. To think that they would hate me for what I do.... I am not Fassbinder, I cannot simply dismiss them as failures and traitors. And I do not think I would have the heart to draw my sword on countrymen, even those of another cosmos."
"Hopefully it won't come to that." Even as the words left his mouth Robert found them completely naive.
The look on the older captain's face made it clear he understood the sincerity of the words and just how wrong they'd turn out to be. "You are kind, Captain." Lamper reached over to the table and put his officer cap back on. "I will be returning to my vessel. We'll follow the recommended course and see how far we must go before we find the pirate schwein."
There was quiet in the kitchen that served the Lookout. That quiet ended when there was the clatter of a dropped spoon. Hargert muttered in irritation and reached down to pick it up. As he looked up, he saw Julia standing in the entry way. "Ah, Commander," he said. "How may I help you?"
"I'm sorry." Julia walked up and reached down beside him to retreive the spoon. "We didn't think of how you'd react."
"It is not your fault," Hargert said to her, reaching a hand up to pat her on the shoulder. "I did not realize how I would react either. I thought... they are ancient history to me. Their crimes were so long ago..." Hargert looked distantly, past Julia. "But then I realized they are still there."
"True. But, to be German... it means we must confront what we, as a nation, have done. It's just.... we say never again, we say it.... but will it be true? Can we go mad like that again?"
For a moment Julia was silent. She reached over and took the old German man's hand and stood with him. "You won't. Not with the rest of us around. Not with people like you to keep things like that from happening."
Hargert accepted her assurance with a smile. "I believe you are right. Seeing them, it just gives me dark thoughts. Now, before you go, we should discuss something of great importance."
The clock in Robert's quarters displayed 2200 ship time when he got out of his shower and made his way to his bed. He allowed a yawn and took a quick look at reports before sliding into bed. He stared at his ceiling for about a minute before turning on his side and closing his eyes.
There was nothing at first, just the bliss of quiet sleep. But soon he felt himself... he knew it was a dream, but it didn't feel like one. He caught flashes of images. He could see ships moving around the blackness of space, on fire, with the Aurora rampaging amongst them.... he didn't recognize the shapes.
More shapes. Evil-looking ones, like spiders, crossed his vision, striking at his ship. He saw the Aurora impaled by purple light repeatedly until....
A large number of warships bearing the Nazi swastika moved in his vision, green light erupting from their hulls as they fired... and he could see Fassbinder, an evil smirk on his face and an inhuman glow to his eyes as he looked down at a terrified teenage girl in a red and gold-trimmed vest and skirt.... and then they were gone.
And then there was a gray silhouette, the sound of metal clanking, a high-pitched whir as the figure fell and a tall man in a jacket and suit smiling at him and.... it faded. It was Lamper now. But there was something wrong, he was....
Suddenly he was on his knees, trying to suck in breath. His right arm felt like it was on fire and he smelled fire and smoke and dust. He looked up and stared as a single red light tracked toward him. An unearthly sound boomed from the darkness, like a trumpet being blown through a synthesizer. To his side was a figure in the darkness, just a silhouette, save for red hair bright like flame and intense green eyes. A large object - a rifle? - was in the figure's arms. An unfamiliar voice, rough and distorted through his dream, called out, "We're almost there!" and turned toward the red light.
And then the red light became a beam. He could hear screams and feel scorching heat as it came up on him....
....and his quarters appeared around him as Robert's eyes opened. He sat up, ramrod straight, on his bed, breathing like he'd been running for two miles. Oh God, that was.... As dreams went it had been short but intense, so intense, leaving his heart racing. He glanced over to see what time it was. The clock was showing 0420. With just an hour or so before he was to get up anyway, Robert groaned and got out of bed.
On the other side of the deck, Meridina rose from her bed, her eyes intent on nothing. She'd felt something.
The command staff was in their places on the bridge to begin the morning watch. "Another day in this nebula," Robert sighed, sitting in his chair. "And with a Nazi ship beside us."
There was a tone from Caterina's board. "I've got something on scanners. A subspace signature..." She turned to look at Robert. "It matches the attacker at Grodni."
"Get me Lamper." Robert waited while the holoviewer shifted to show Lamper on his bridge, Fassbinder standing beside him. "Captain, we've got signatures on sensors."
"We have found one as well. It is clear we have found our target." Lamper frowned. "They will undoubtedly discover our presence soon. We should consider our attack."
"I have Marines ready to land on their base to take prisoners and determine more about their targets and whatever support they've gotten."
"No. I wish to find out more about these pirates myself." Lamper turned his head slightly. "Sturmbannfhrer, prepare your men."
"We'll beam if we can, but we're going to be using an internal magnetic field to interfere with any enemy attempts to transport aboard. Let us know if you get any boarders. We'll do the same."
Robert nodded as the communication cut. He looked to Julia, who nodded."Code Red!", she called out. "All hands to battle stations!"
Wailing alert sounds briefly echoed in the command bridge of the Reich's Glory. Lamper secured himself into his chair and brought up his personal tactical display. "Time to target?"
"Ten minutes from firing range, Captain," Weigle responded from the tactical station to Lamper's right. "All disruptors armed and ready. Torpedo launchers online and torpedoes loading."
Fassbinder was still on the bridge for the moment. He was not in a seat, but he was securing his life support jacket. "Captain, may I remind you of the prospect we are presented with?"
"I am well aware of your desires, Sturmbannfhrer. But I will not jeopardize this operation by attempting to take or destroy the Aurora."
"Then let us hope Captain Dale has similar sentiments, Captain. If you strike first we have some hope of victory; if he strikes first, we will die."
"Then we do not give him a reason to suspect duplicity on our part, Fassbinder," Lamper pointed out. "Go and get your men prepared. I will hear no more of this."
"I will be sure to include your decision in my report," Fassbinder said, his voice containing the whiff of a threat in it.
Lamper returned the look. "Do as you must, Sturmbannfhrer. Now, we have duties to attend to. See that they are done, or I will be mentioning your inability to complete them in my report."
The pirate vessels saw them coming in and moved into a combat formation. Robert brought up his tactical monitor. "Do we have identification on these ships?", he asked Lamper over the comm line.
"The carrier vessel is the Albert Stammel, a Dusselmann-class tender vessel with modifications, that would be the vessel they took from us. The two vessels beside it are old Berlin-class cruiser vessels, they pose little threat. Or rather would not if we had shields."
"I would suggest we focus on the cruisers and adjoining vessels first. Reducing enemy firepower is the most important objective."
"Agreed. Moving into engagement range now." Robert watched the distance close to firing range, noticing the enemy converted tender was launching its fighters.
"All fighters are launched," Julia confirmed from her station. "They're taking up defensive formations to screen us."
The Aurora's forward weapons blazed to life. Large pulses of blue energy lashed out across the nebula and slammed into one of the enemy cruisers. Without shields the enemy hull had to take the force entirely, losing large sections of its bow in the process. Twin lances of green energy retaliated and sliced along Aurora's bow, one beam glancing on the hull enough to scorch and the other digging into the armor that protected the ship.
Torpedoes were already in flight, both ways, as the Aurora's phaser strips lashed out. Amber energy stabbed the cruisers to the right and to the left while the central ship maneuvered hard, trying to avoid the solar torpedoes flying toward it. All but one missed, the successful strike slamming into the blue ramscoop of a warp nacelle and blasting the nacelle to pieces.
Fighters from both sides were racing forward, meeting halfway across the distance. Beams and pulses criss-crossed the area as the Aurora's fighter wing engaged, and the resulting combat was fast and brutal; any hit likely to cripple or destroy a fighter without shields for protection.
Both cruisers were firing on Aurora; their smaller compatriots gunned for the Reich's Glory. The Reich cruiser fired first, solid beams of disruptor cannon fire slashing out through the nebula's red and blue color to strike the smaller ships assaulting it. But when the bow weapons fired again, it was at one of the cruisers; pulsing red torpedoes and green beams lashed into the ship as it endured another barrage from the Aurora's main guns. Further torpedoes from both ships blasted the pirate vessel to pieces.
Torpedoes from the other cruiser and two of the smaller ships converged on the Aurora. Its interceptor mounts lashed out to stop the incoming fire, blowing up torpedoes before they could make it into range. Two got through anyway, blasting chunks of hull and armor off.
"I'm going for that cruiser, but it looks like the smaller ships have us as their primary target," Angel reported.
"Engaging evasive maneuvers," Locarno added. Under his control the Aurora twisted and turned, avoiding some of the incoming fire.... but not all, given her size, and the ship continued to shift under their seats. "They're not making it easy."
One of the vessels exploded, its reactor core speared from a disruptor shot by the Reich's Glory. Robert paid more attention to Angel's efforts to blast the cruiser to bits. "And where's that carrier?"
"We'll keep their attention," Robert answered. On his screen one of the light ships erupted in flame as it took several phaser hits. But there were more out there, and they were quick enough to outmaneuver the kilometer-long Aurora...
"We've got one on our tail," Angel shouted. "And the pilot is slippery, I can't get a solid lock!" The ship shuddered again, harder this time.
"Hull damage to forward decks. We have lost a forward starboard disruptor," Buhle reported. "The tender vessel's rigged weapons are more powerful than they look."
The Reich's Glory's heavy disruptors on the bow fired. Thick beams of emerald energy slashed across the tender ship, taking out an impulse engine and sending a cloud of debris and atmosphere flying from a hull breach. "We have disruptions in their internal magnetic field, Captain," Rabe said.
"Then we can engage transporters." Lamper pressed a key on his chair. "Sturmbannfhrer Fassbinder, we are sending your men to Stammel. I want it recovered."
"Sieg Hiel," Lamper answered. As he waited for the transport operation to finish and for Weigle to finish disarming the Stammel, he checked his tactical plot. The enemy was focusing on the Aurora entirely, more intimidated of the large vessel than of his own Sedan-class cruiser. One of the several remaining enemy light ships exploded from multiple hits by the Aurora's amidships emplacements, but it was being hounded on all sides. "Do we have range to engage the enemy ships attacking our ally?", he asked Weigle.
"No, Captain, I am afraid the nebula's interference prevents a sufficient lock, if I fire I may strike the Aurora," he answered.
"Lamper's out of position to help and our fighters are busy, I think it's time we played our ace," Julia said, looking to Robert. When he nodded, she looked to Jarod. "Lock onto the Koenig's IU drive."
"Doing so now." After three seconds and another rumble through the ship, Jarod's console beeped. "We've got someone locking onto our IU drive."
The pirates had some fairly good pilots in their numbers, and one in particular was allowing his ship to batter the Aurora's dorsal hull and engine drives to give his compatriots a chance to board a crippled vessel.
The Aurora turned in space and the attack vessel matched it. After it did so, a point of green light appeared behind it, expanding until it formed a portal in space. The Koenig emerged from the jump point. The point had not a moment to start closing before Koenig's main battery came to life. Amber energy slammed into the aft of the pesky attack ship, blasting its drive assembly to bits. It barely survived those shots, leaving it helpless as one of the phaser banks on the Aurora's dorsal hull lashed out and sliced into the vessel's engineering space, causing it to explode in a white fireball.
"I could make saving your butts a habit," Zack crowed over the comm line. "Apley, next target, Attack Plan Charlie!"
Lieutenant Apley's hands moved deftly over the flight controls for the Koenig. "Moving us into position."
The arrival of the Koenig sent the pirates scrambling. They'd never seen such a thing happen before, and all of the sudden they had an extra warship prowling the battlefield, going after their smallest ships and clearing them from the Aurora.
Lamper watched the arrival of the small vessel and, most importantly, the wormhole that had been opened for it to arrive. "Lieutenant, could that be...?"
"I registered a major neutrino surge, sir, but the nebula's interference kept me from getting an accurate scan," Rabe answered. "All I can say is that it was a wormhole of some sort."
"Their IU drive," Lamper murmured. "Make sure you compile all of our data on it, Lieutenant. I must report it to the OKW as soon as possible."
Lamper watched the newcomer engaging and had to admit the vessel was formidable. It reminded him of a Doenitz-class strike vessel, the successor to the legendary Unterseeboot ships that had starved the English in the Great Wars. It certainly had the shark-like quality he expected of such vessels. "These Alliance people are very formidable," Lamper said softly, mostly talking to himself. "The Reich must know more about their capabilities."
Another blow made the Aurora shake. "Hull breaches on Decks 10, 12, 15, 20, and 28 through 32, mid-hull sections," Jarod reported.
"We're giving the armor repair systems a Goddamned insane stress test," Barnes muttered from the Engineering station. "Effectiveness is actually dropping below 80%, there's so much hull to patch up!"
Robert was more focused on the remaining cruiser. "The Koenig is taking care of their lighter ships, time to focus on that cruiser."
The Aurora came about. As she did so, phaser fire from her strips and pulse cannon emplacements hammered at the enemy cruiser, blasting through several decks. The enemy ship's torpedoes blew out another section of the primary hull and damaged more armor with a disruptor blast. A second green bolt sliced across one of the phaser banks and silenced it.
But the gesture was defiant more than it was effective. Locarno finished the turn and Angel locked on with the forward cannons. The battering impacts of the blue cannon pulses quickly overwhelmed the older ship's hull and began tearing into its internals, with phaser beams and cannon fire expanding the damage zone. The spread of solar torpedoes Angel put into the remaining cruiser as an afterthought finished off what was left.
Robert keyed the tactical comms to bring Koenig into his link with Lamper. Mindful that they weren't on two-way, he reverted to formal address. "Commander Carrey, can you finish off the stragglers?"
"We've lost seven so far with a dozen badly damaged," Julia answered. "The enemy fighters are almost eliminated."
"Have a squadron break off and support Koenig. Locarno, bring us in to that base." Robert keyed the tac comm again. "Captain Lamper, I'm going to commence transporting Marines to the enemy base."
"Very well. I have already sent my vessel's SS detachment to board the tender and secure it. My officers suspect the vessel's crew is being held aboard the base."
"Commander Kane and his Marines will recover them, Captain." Robert left the channel open and asked, "Mister Barnes, time to transporter range?"
"The base's core!" Caterina's voice went up a pitch from excitement. "Captain, the core is destabilizing! It's going critical!"
On the screen, the pirate base - which looked like cobbled together modules forming a pair of cylinders linked by modular chains - had an explosion ripple out from the middle linking chain. Another explosion erupted from the right cylinder, and then the left, and the chain of explosions soon engulfed the entire base. When they receded almost nothing was left.
Barnes looked up from his screen with a somber expression. He shook his head. "I couldn't get a lock through the nebula's interference, we weren't close enough."
"That's good to hear. We're launching craft to see if we can find any survivors just in case and to recover our ejected pilots. We can have a final meeting in three hours to discuss our findings."
"No, but better safe than sorry. Having Koenig present and visible keeps things honest and removes temptation."
"Do you really buy that the pirates just so happen to blow up their base but not their ship?", Angel asked, an edge to her voice. "For all we know they weren't pirates at all, just Nazis pretending to be to attack us."
Julia shook her head. "Honestly, given our shape I wouldn't want to start a fight even if we would win."
"Besides, I'm betting Lamper called home like we did. If we come out and he didn't..." Robert shook his head. "I'm not taking that risk. Lamper has done nothing to make us suspect him. Keep an eye on things, but we're not starting a fight."
Ship's Log: 8 March 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. The crew continues to make repairs to the Aurora following the battle. I am sorry to report that we lost five pilots and ten crew in total from the fight. I'm not sure how many Lamper lost, but I'm already certain we won't be holding a joint service this time.
Captain Lamper and select members of his command staff have beamed back over for a final meeting to speak of the battle's results. Angel's point that this could have been a scheme, that the pirates were Nazis too, is one I can't get out of my head, but everything I see tells me Lamper is sincere. I can't let suspicion color this meeting. As much as we hate them, we cannot afford conflict with the Reich right now.
The two groups of officers were quick to finish the meeting. Robert felt at unease the entire time and realized it was because everyone was uneasy. Undoubtedly the Koenig's presence made Lamper's people scared he might attack them; on his side, Angel's argument of this being one big scheme that Robert and the crew had fell for had found fertile ground.
"From our review of Stammel's computers the pirates have no other ships out at the moment," Buhle informed the assembled. "Even if there was a vessel or two, without their base they are vulnerable. They will be forced to cease their activity or flee the area."
By this point nobody was looking toward him for it, save Robert. In his case, he couldn't get his dream out of his head. Something about Fassbinder was really starting to set him on edge. "It would appear so," he forced himself to say, breaking the silence. He stood up. "I thank you gentlemen for your time." He ignored the dirty look Angel shot toward him. "Our mission was a success. It's probably best if we get out of the nebula and re-establish contact with our superiors to reassure them of what's happened."
"It has been an honor working with you, Captain Dale." Lamper had a thin smile on his face. "Your crew is imaginative and brave. Your Alliance is fortunate to have such defenders." He rose to his feet, as did the others. "Good fortune to you, Captain."
"And to you, Captain." Robert rose with them. "Our cooperation can provide the basis, I hope, for a policy of peace between our governments."
Rabe stood back for a moment, letting Fassbinder move on to the turbolift, and approached Caterina. "Lieutenant Delgado." He extended a hand. "It has been a pleasure to work with you, Lieutenant. Please, stay safe. A mind as brilliant as your's enriches us all."
Caterina was lost for words, but she did take his hand. "Uh... th... thank you, Lieutenant Rabe. It's be... been a pleasure." Caterina kept her eyes focused on Rabe's soft brown eyes and not the regalia of his uniform, with the eagle and swastika on one breast or the swastika armband. I'm shaking hands with a Nazi!, was her thought, even if she found Rabe to be very nice.
Lamper remained in the turbolift with Robert as the others filed out, waiting for the doors to close and give them privacy. "You have something to say, Captain?," Robert asked.
"You are very kind to speak such lies," Lamper began. "It eased the fears of our crews. But I think you know the truth as much as I do."
"Yes." Lamper's eyes were full of sorrow, bright only with unshed tears for the suffering that was to come. "As an officer of the Reich and a man of Aryan blood, I am supposed to look forward to battle with an enemy. And that is all your Alliance and the Reich can be, Captain Dale. There is no hope of peaceful co-existence. We are your nightmare and you are our's."
"Then you know that the next time you and I meet, it will be as enemies on the field of battle. I will not shirk from my duty to the Reich, but..... I will take no pleasure in that day."
For a moment Robert said nothing. Even here his stomach spun in disgust at the swastika insignia on Lamper's uniform and armband, yet more proof of how true Lamper was. "I can't take pleasure in war. It's not in my nature," he said. "But whatever I feel about the nation and movement you represent, Captain Lamper..." Robert pulled in a breath. "I see you as a good man. You didn't get to pick the universe you were born in. All I can say is that I am sorry."
Lamper acknowledged him with a nod, but he said nothing else. Nothing needed to be said. He nodded in a silent salute, put his cover back on his head, and went to join his officers to depart for their ship.
When Robert returned to the bridge everyone was at stations. "Scotty says we have another five hours before he gets the impulsors back up to full," Barnes said. "Until then we're going to be limited to point seven five impulse."
"Set a course back to Alliance space, Mister Locarno, best speed," Robert said, getting into his command chair. "Jarod... keep an eye on them. Let me know if I'm wrong about Lamper."
Robert settled back into his chair and looked over at Julia, who was examining a damage report summary. "Did you ever expect something like this when we came out here, Julie?"
She looked at him and shook her head. "Not at all. It's weird and scary at the same time. Nazis, for Christ's sake. And we had them here, on our ship."
"Yeah." Robert drew in a breath. "Hard to hate them as much when you meet a few people and they seem like good ones, though. That's what's so insidious about those kinds of movements."
"You won't find disagreement here." Julia handed him the tablet. "Final damage report, it's for you to sign off on."
"Oh, paperwork." He smirked as he took the tablet. "So there is worse than Space Nazis. Give me Fassbinder over this any day," he joked.
Lamper had just returned to his ship to find an unexpected sight. Fassbinder was with another man, one showing a battle injury, and in an SS uniform with the rank insignia of a Hauptsturmfhrer. Said man saluted stiffly; like Fassbinder he was blond-haired, blue-eyed, and looked very fit. All SS do. Genetic engineering to maintain racial purity, because the Master Race's natural superiority isn't as superior as they like to think, Lamper thought defiantly. Such thoughts would cost him his career if they got out, of course, but years of service in the Raumskriegsmarine had bred some skepticism into him about the Party and their SS guardians.
More importantly, though, was the fact that the man was still in restraints. Or rather was in them until Fassbinder removed them. "What's going on, Fassbinder?", Lamper asked.
"The Fuehrer wished to have a reason to rally ships to this area," Fassbinder said. "To prepare for our campaign against the blue beasts and other species that pollute our frontiers. Hauptsturmfhrer Vogts provided that reason. When we discovered the existence of the Alliance his role was... expanded." A grin crossed the SS man's face. "Please put this in your report. The SS has decided it is time the OKW learned of our operations here, in preparation for the coming war."
"They are all martyrs of the Reich, Captain," Fassbinder said coldly. "Do not be overly concerned. Our lives are all forfeit to the will of the Fuehrer."
Fassbinder ignored him. "You still have a chance, Captain, to fulfill my request. The Stammel is mostly intact, and our damage is not as severe as the Aurora's. Their backs are turned. A single volley to their drives and they would never escape us."
"You think those sentimental weaklings would leave their friends to death or capture?", Fassbinder asked, contempt dripping in his voice.
"No, Sturmbannfhrer, I believe that Captain Dale would order Commander Carrey to get out of the nebula to warn the Alliance of our treachery," Lamper retorted. "That is presuming they cannot activate their IU drives in this nebula. And we have already seen them do so."
"One way," Fassbinder retorted. "And in the end, what does it matter if the other vessel escapes. You know war is coming between the Reich and the Alliance, Captain. Why wait?"
"Because you are asking me to risk my crews' lives on a foolish gamble fueled by your ambition and not the needs of the Reich and the Fuehrer. Because the Reich needs time to prepare for an interstellar war against a power like the Alliance."
"No, I simply understand the threat we face. The Reich must prepare to defend itself, Fassbinder. It needs time." Lamper shook his head. "I am not firing. My crew will not fire. We are returning to Reich space, and that is all."
"Your caution is unworthy of your rank," Fassbinder hissed. But he said nothing more as Lamper left.
"I have... a feeling, Vogts." Fassbinder smiled. "Since I saw that ship I knew that my time had come. Somehow, someway, the Aurora is the key to my future. And I mean to have it."
The Aurora and Koenig continued on their course out of the nebula in silence. Aboard Aurora the battle damage was being steadily repaired while preparations were made for honoring the fallen.
Fresh from their bridge watch together, Angel led Caterina through the ship's forward corridors. "You really don't have to do this, Angel," Cat insisted. "We can have dinner in my quarters."
"Stop fussing, little sister," Angel said in her "I am reproaching you" tone of voice. "You didn't get to finish your party. The least I can do for you is give you a birthday dinner."
"It'll be there tomorrow." Angel's smile turned mischievous. "Or is this about that Nazi who was buttering you up?"
Caterina looked both embarrassed and mortified. "He was just being nice..." A confused look crossed her face. "A Nazi was being nice. I thought Nazis were supposed to be mean? I mean, we're not German-style Aryans, right? Our family is from Mexico, we can't be Aryans. Why would he be nice to me?"
"I had the feeling he wasn't a model Nazi. He probably is as much a geek as you are, Cat." Angel stopped as they got to the port entrance to the Lookout lounge. "After you birthday girl."
Cat walked by her. Her third step activated the sliding door's proximity sensor, and two steps later....
The shout echoed down through the corridor. Angel entered behind her awestruck sister to see who had made it. Virtually everyone had; the main command staff of both ships, Commander Kane, and some of the other ranking science officers were present, as were the few civilian scientists assigned as advisors to the ship. Hargert and Julia stood together by the table, the elderly German host putting a final touch to his painstaking recreation of the birthday cake while Julia lit the "2" and the "1" candles. "Caterina, my dear girl," Hargert said with a wide smile. "Happy Birthday!"
They were finally out of the nebula, and Scotty was preparing to go to bed for the day. Repair reports moved over his tablet as he read them and confirmed them, ensuring Lieutenant Nesay would know what was expected of Gamma Shift. He was interrupted by the chime at his door. When he stepped up to it and prompted it to open Jarod was standing there, a bottle in his hand. "Ah, Mister Jarod?"
"I figured it was time for us to share that drink," Jarod answered. "Hargert let me into his drink cabinet, I found what I think is some very good Scotch."
Scotty moved and allowed the younger man into his quarters. He retrieved two glasses from the replicator and set them on his table. Jarod began pouring the contents of the bottle into them. "So, hell of a thing, huh? Nazis, I mean."
"Well... nae like these scunners," Scotty admitted. "It's one of th' missions we went on back on th' Enterprise." Scotty took up his glass and drank from it. A pleasant look came to his face. "Oh! This is great stuff, I'll have tae speak tae Mister Hargert about where he got it from."
"I tried. He called it a secret." Jarod smirked and took a drink himself. "Oh.... I think I see the appeal now."
Jarod poured more and they each took smaller drinks this time, letting them savor the contents of their glasses more. "So...."
"Oh! Yes. See, there was this daft historian by th' name of John Gill who was sent tae th' planet Ekos as a cultural observer..."
"A dream state vision, yes. His life force was clearly tapping the talent. I know this." Meridina's voice was almost urgent. "And before, he caused a mental bond I had created to strengthen...."
"Yes, I saw your report on that." Ledosh remained quiet for a moment. "What request do you wish to make of me?"
"Meridina, please." Ledosh sighed. "Karesl has been making maneuvers amongst the Council. He is crafting an isolationist movement. We cannot give him and those who doubt the Prophecy of the Dawn any more chances to sway the others. Otherwise.... you would likely be recalled and disgraced, and our involvement with the Alliance would decline heavily. And with these 'Nazis' existing, the Alliance needs us now more than ever. For now, you must allow things to develop on their own. Let him come to realize what he has. Only then can you approach Robert Dale and offer to train him. Only then. Do you understand?"
Robert let out a yawn and put his uniform jacket up, standing alone in the red command branch undershirt that was part of the standard uniform design. He walked toward his bed for a moment and stopped as he went to sit down. There was a chirp over the intercom, causing him to reach to where he'd put his multidevice on the nightstand. "Dale here."
"Put him through." Robert stood, keeping his spine as straight as he could as Lithgon appeared on his wall-mounted screen. "Admiral."
"Captain. I've read your report. Good work in subduing that pirate band." Lithgon's expression belied something more on his mind, however. "I'm cancelling your survey operation. You will report to the Capital Fleet Base for repair, under Admiral Maran's orders."
"Nothing. We've sent subspace signals offering to establish diplomatic relations, but they're being quiet about it. Too quiet. Thankfully, I'm getting the Fourth Fleet by the end of the month, we should be able to hold the line with their help."
"I agree. But for now that's what we have to settle on. Besides, the Liberty is the biggest dreadnought-class starship in the Alliance, with a good fleet around her we'll give the Nazis pause." Lithgon cracked a confident smile. "Good luck, Captain Dale. I hope to see you back sometime, so long as you're not here to fight a war."
"God help us prevent that from happening," Robert said. "Take care, Admiral. Dale out." He reached to his multidevice and ended the call. The torch insignia of the Allied Systems appeared briefly before the screen went blank. Robert finished removing his uniform. He laid on his back, hands on his belly, and stared at the ceiling as he waited for sleep to claim him.
He almost didn't want to go to sleep. His dreams had been getting vivid these past couple of days, especially that night when they were still in the nebula. Figures and ships he didn't recognize, and people he did recognize but in ways that left him full of dread.
"God, please? One night without bad dreams like that? Can't I just dream about my family again? Or Angel? Anything but those dreams again....." Robert felt sleep tug at his eyelids until they were fully closed. He rolled under his sheets and felt the softness of his bed under his ribs as his head settled into the pillow.
The Starship Aurora moved along at warp in Zack's eyes. His focus was on her landing deck looming ahead. He kept his hands steady on the controls of this craft, moving the Mongoose strike fighter ever closer. In the seat behind him Patrice Laurent, the Aurora's wing commander, was observing. "Your approach is good," he said.
"Yeah." Zack ignored the beads of sweat on his forehead as he held his position relative to the Aurora. His fighter's warp field began to merge with the Aurora's, making the fighter shudder. With one hand he carefully adjusted his craft's field to give way to the Aurora's, allowing him to shut down his warp engines as he came in for final approach. Running lights on the hull plates in front of the landing deck guided him to the third port landing path. He pulled the nose of the Mongoose up slightly as it made the final hundred meter approach. A shudder filled the craft as the rear landing gear made contact. Moments later the entire craft stopped, pushing Zack violently against his seat harness and nearly knocking the breath out of him. He sucked in air and smiled, looking at the green light that appeared above him. "Haha!", he shouted.
The Mongoose was pulled by weak tractor beams into its assigned bay. Other fighters of the same type were visible; dart-like hulls with engines on the sides of the rear that formed the base of wings that doubled as atmospheric flight aids and hardpoints for missile or torpedo weapons. It was, Zack admitted, a very damned cool design, and while the Koenig was his baby he really enjoyed the feeling of a fighter now that he'd experienced it.
The cockpit was released, allowing the two men out. Most of those around were in the biege of ship operations, meaning they were flight deck operations, but one figure with red trim on her uniform stood out. Zack smiled widely and fought that tremor of longing he felt when he looked into Julia's glistening green eyes and her happy smile. "So, that's it, isn't it?"
"Very good, Zack. Keep it up and we might have to move you off the Koenig." Julia's smile grew as she hugged him. "You've earned your wings, Zack."
"That he has." Laurent put a hand on Zack's shoulder. "I'll finish the paperwork right now. Personnel will have to approve it, but that should only take a day."
"Oh, that's where I come in," Julia laughed. "Come on. I'll go get you a drink at the Lookout. A celebration."
"Oh, it's not that big a deal. Finishing my flight qualifications was just something to do while Karen and Tom continue that rebuild of the Koenig's warp systems."
"Maybe if we'd known, but it looks like Robert's not the only one slow with paperwork." Julia wagged a finger at him. "If you'd been faster to sign off on the inspection results, the need for the rebuild would have been found out sooner."
"Don't we all," Laurent laughed. "Come on, Commander. I'll file the results from the Lookout. I have a brandy you must try..."
Robert eyed Julia's empty seat again and drew in a sigh. Not being allowed to let their watches completely overlap was a pain, even if a necessity for crew readiness, and he missed having her present as someone to, frankly, talk to. "Time to Abdis, Nick?"
NIck Locarno checked the helm. "We're just a few minutes out, sir. A couple minutes closer from the last time you asked."
"Not you too," Robert groaned. "And I'll have you know I finished all of the daily reports an hour ago. It's been quiet."
"Don't remind me," Robert groaned. He'd been dreaming some very horrible things the past month, imagining planets on fire and the screams of the dying...
"Exchange any letters with that sensor officer from Lamper's crew, sis?" Angel looked over at sensors, where her sister Caterina was looking over readings.
"Yeah. I've got some kind of subspace disturbance on the higher bands. Really high. 'We can't reach that far' high. But I can't localize its exact location and the general direction, well... it is heading for us roughly in the sense that an avalanche runs over a rock, but it could be heading for the Galactic Core for all I know."
"Hrm." Robert put a hand to his chin. "Keep an eye on it. Jarod, I don't want to drive the crew nuts with a full alert, but I'd like to change running status to Code Blue for the time being. Until the distortion passes, at least."
"Code Blue it is." Jarod tapped a couple of buttons at one end of his panel. The code level lights on the sides of the bridge went from green to blue. The ship computers automatically announced the new alert level, effectively warning the crew that something might happen in the coming hours and to be mindful of their activities.
On the screen the desert world Abdis appeared. It existed in multiple universes, being fairly close to Earth in each, and all versions had proven rich in naqia. This was their first survey of this particular universe, however. "Entering orbit of Abdis, sir."
"Start your scans, Cat. Assuming anything is going to be different about R4A1's Abdis that the others don't have."
"Scanning now," Caterina said. Heads turned because she said it very... quietly, compared to the usual attitude of exhuberance.
"Who are you and what did you do with my crazy little sister?", Angel teased. "Seriously, no squeals of happiness at scanning a planet?"
"I've, uh, scanned this planet before. A bunch of times," Caterina pointed out. "It's always the same. So I'm not seeing anything new, just what I've seen.... before...."
"Okay, I'm excited again!", Cat squealed. "I'm picking something new up! Something not on other Abdises... Abdisi? Abd... whatever, it's new!"
"Life forms! Human life forms!" Caterina squeed as only she could. "There are people down there! And I'm not reading any signs of major technology either!"
"It looks like there's a bunch of settlements around some of the big naqia deposits. And I've got something pretty big on the surface nearby."
The holoviewer came on. The orbital picture showed a structure nestled in the sand dunes. A basic, familiar structure.
Ship's Log: 28 March 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. We are maintaining an orbit of Abdis R4A1 as we investigate the peculiarity of this universe's copy of this naqia-rich desert world. I'm sending down away teams to investigate directly while we stay in orbit and investigate.
I'm also keeping an eye on that subspace distortion wave Caterina has picked up. Something about it unsettles me.
Zack checked the holster on his hip and felt the re-assuring indication of a pulse pistol. His action uniform looked just like a normal duty uniform for the Stellar Navy, but the material was backed by ceramics for additional defense and was made to distribute energy impacts from weapons fire. His belt contained not only his pulse pistol but the personal forcefield system that was his main defense from being shot at. He stepped into the transporter room asking, "So, I was never down to Abdis before. Anything I should know?"
"Yeah." Julia was following him, in a similar field uniform that was just as flattering to her as the usual ones. "It's a desert. It sucks."
"I told Rob I wanted this one," Julia answered. "He got to infiltrate the Mayala. I get to walk around a desert." Julia folded her arms. "Still, it lets me do some field work. I miss it, a bit."
The door opened again. Meridina entered with Leo behind her. Leo was in a field uniform with extra packs, medical equipment one could guess, with the trim being the blue of medical instead of their red. Meridina was in a blue robe with dark purple body armor showing underneath. The two gold and one silver stripe rank insignia from her uniform were fixed to her neck. Both carried pulse pistols, although Meridina had her lakesh hilt fixed to her belt as well. "I figured Cat would be going down to see the pyramid," Zack asked.
"She wanted to," Julia answered. "But Robert wants her keeping an eye on the orbital scans and that subspace signature she says is coming through here."
"Poor Cat." Zack looked at Leo. "So, buddy, a good old fashioned landing party! Been a while hasn't it?"
Leo let out a harsh laugh. "That was your thing, remember? I was always stuck back in the Facility to fix everyone up when they came back. Besides, you once got your jaw broken, why are you so happy about this?"
Caterina watched the reading on her subspace scanners and saw that it was certainly on course for going through them. She focused on it, racking her brain at where she'd seen such a subspace signature before.
"I know I've seen this before," she insisted. "But I can't remember." She looked back to the swirling waves of blue and gold on her monitor.
Julia was reminded of some of the villages and settlements she had seen during their "rescue work" days, and the people of this version of Abdis having bronze complexions that made them look Semitic only added to those memories. The natives' clothes were homespun fibers and didn't look comfortable at all and they were clearly a pre-industrial society. She actually wondered how they found sustenance on a world like Abdis.
"I've got something weird on life scanners," Zack muttered, keeping his tone low enough so that the sound of his voice didn't leave his cloaking field but instead went through the multidevice to the earpieces in the others. His multi-device was active and he had his arm up to show her the readings. "It's claiming two of the life signatures are only near human. One more than the other."
"The same." He examined the readings. "Everything looks right but there's something off about the bioelectrics. It's outside human norms."
They slipped through the town, Meridina following and concentrating, using her swevyra to flatten the foot prints that appeared under them. Zack was at the lead, following his multi-device's scans. They approached an area with what looked to be a cookpot along with a wooden table. A light-skinned man was entering one of the tent structures, stepping away from another man who was considerably darker skinned, closer to Leo than the other village-dwellers. One who's dress made him look completely out of place.
"Pyramid with a circle above it?" Zack shrugged. "Don't know. Let's just slip past him." Zack stepped forward.
Zack was already approaching the tent, going behind the uniformed man. As the word "not" left Meridina's lips, the man twisted in place and lashed out with his arm. It swept across Zack's shoulders with enough force to knock him down, a cry of surprise breaking through his cloak. Heads turned and the villagers looked on in surprise as the man knelt down beside Zack's fallen form. A device that looked like a bizarre gun, the top of it raising up, pressed against him. "Show yourself!", the man shouted firmly.
Zack fumbled for his cloaking device and pressed it, shimmering into view beneath his attacker. As he did so Julia brought her pulse pistol out, turned off her cloak, and pressed it to the back of the man's bald head. "Let him go!", she demanded.
Meridina and Leo deactivated their cloaks as well. A sharp sound filled the air as Meridina retrieved her lakesh and extended the blade fully.
Commotion was overcoming the village now. The tent flap opened and the light-skinned man came out. He looked at the other man, his eyes going from there to Julia and Zack and then to Meridina and Leo. "Who are you?", he asked.
"I could ask the same of you," the light-skinned man said. Behind him, in the now opened tent, one could make out a figure who looked to be local hovering in the shadow, clearly curious. "Please stop pointing a gun at my friend."
The other man said nothing, but he made a very slight movement, pulling his strange weapon away from Zack. Julia pulled her pulse pistol away in the same manner; their hesitant moves picked up in speed as both clearly recognized reciprocation.
"Thanks," Zack huffed, sitting up in the sand. He looked up to the light-skinned man. "So, you're not from around here, are you?"
"I know you're not," the other man replied. "I'm having a really bad day, so I hope you'll understand if I'm not very pleasant when I say this... but who in the hell are you?"
Julia looked back to Meridina and nodded. Meridina retracted her lakesh blade and Julia holstered her pistol. "I'm Commander Julia Andreys, First Officer of the Starship Aurora, representing the United Alliance of Systems," Julia answered. "This is our ship security chief, Lieutenant Commander Meridina, and chief medical officer Doctor Leo Gillam."
"Commander Zack Carrey, Starship Koenig," Zack added. When the big man who'd knocked him down offered his hand tentatively, Zack took it and let his former attacker help him get to his feet. He looked into the face of the man who'd somehow known he was there and after taking in his dark eyes.... he noticed that this guy had some kind of raised tattoo on his head, showing a double-headed snake.
The other two men looked at each other with some surprise. The light-skinned man nodded. "Alright then. I wasn't expecting something like this, but I've had stranger things happen." He extended his hand to Julia. "I'm Doctor Daniel Jackson. My friend here is Teal'c. We're from Stargate Command."
The landing party stood to one side in the tent, Daniel and Teal'c to the other, while Daniel's wife Sha're was seated and being attended to by her father, introduced to them as the village headman Kasuf.
Julia gave her a look of annoyance. "...these things take over human bodies? And rule a galaxy-spanning empire?" She drew in a breath. "Dammit, that's going to complicate things."
"You say you come from other universes, yet you have not heard of the Goa'uld in those other places?", Teal'c asked.
"Not at all," she said. "I mean, this isn't unique. There are hundreds, hundreds, of alien races in just one quarter of the galaxy of S5T3 that don't exist in the others. Dozens in the other universes. We have a few in the Alliance, in fact. Alakins, Dorei, Gersallians..."
"Well, the resemblence is pretty strong ." Daniel turned to Sha're and extended his hand. She accepted it. "General Hammond would be very interested to speak to you, I'm sure. Teal'c can take you to the Stargate. But I'm staying here."
"It is protecting the baby," Sha're answered. She settled a hand on her belly. "If the demon wakes up the baby could be lost."
"But the moment you give birth, that thing takes over again?", Leo asked. He was the only one seated and looked to be very deep in thought.
"And nothing can be done?" Meridina sensed Sha're's feelings of despair. She looked to Daniel and Teal'c. "You cannot remove the beast?"
"We tried once, on a friend," Daniel answered. "It shed most of its body and hid itself deep enough in the brain that we didn't detect it until it was too late."
"So you're saying there's nothing that can be done." Zack looked at Sha're with sympathy. "She's...."
"Leo?" Julia could hear an edge in his voice. It reminded her of his moods when they were back in the Facility and returned with shiploads of abused people he had to put back together.
"It's one of our runabout spacecraft," Julia replied. "It's outfitted with a medical support module. Leo, shouldn't you take her up to the Aurora?"
"I will if we can, but I'm not having her beam up in her condition." Leo looked to Sha're. "Let me help you, Sha're. I'll get the demon out of you. You can have your life back."
For a moment the mutual gaze was held. Daniel looked back to Sha're and then Leo again. "Do you promise you can save her?"
"It has to be Sha're's choice," Daniel insisted. He sat down next to Sha're again. "It's your choice."
"Leo will stop it." Julia stepped up beside Leo and got onto a knee, putting her face at the same level of Sha're. Julia sucked in a breath and fixed her emerald eyes on Sha're's face. "I know you're scared. I can't imagine everything you've been through, I don't want to imagine it." She stayed silent for a moment. The implications of what had been done to this poor woman, having her body literally stolen from her, forced to become another man's wife and to bear his child.... that was a horror she'd never even considered. "It's your decision. I just want you to know... Leo would never let you down. He will do everything to save you, he will move heaven and earth to keep that promise."
Sha're looked at Julia intently. There was silence in the tent as she did so. Her head turned and she faced Daniel. She put her hand to his cheek. "If it will let me be with Daniel again...." Sha're smiled and let out a sob. "Yes. Yes, I choose to ask." She looked at Leo. "Will you help me?"
Leo's face was unmoving, his visage showing nothing but his compassion for Sha're... his determination that she would be freed. "Yes," he answered.
The bridge of the Aurora was quiet as Julia finished recounting everything. Her face hovered on the holoviewer, already looking tanned from Abdis' - or Abydos' - scorching sun. "And Leo's sure he can do this?"
"Okay." Robert nodded. "I'll send Commander Kane down with Leo's team on the St. Johns. If the parasite in her head is that important, they might be coming at any time, I want you to have the backup. Have Leo call Nasri for what he needs."
"We'll be expecting them." Julia looked up briefly before looking back. "Teal'c is going to take the rest of us to the pyramid. They say that's where the Stargate is."
"No," Robert said, looking back and pre-empting the request he knew was coming. "I need you on that subspace disturbance, Cat."
Caterina pouted, but when Robert didn't relent she let out a little disappointed sigh and returned to looking at her station. At tactical Angel smirked.
"Doctor Jackson says it's some kind of wormhole generator. This galaxy has a whole network of them, and the Earth here started exploring it about a year ago."
Robert drew in a breath. "Go ahead and talk to Stargate Command, Julie. But I'll have to get ahold of Admiral Maran so he can get directions from the President on what to do. Please be careful about what promises you make until I hear back from them."
"Just what I need," Robert moaned. "Another headache." He reached down and hit his intercom. "Commander Kane, this is Captain Dale. Grab your field gear and get to Shuttle Bay 2. I'm sending you down."
"I'd rather have you here, Nick, if it's all the same," Robert said. "Just in case that subspace distortion turns out to be something nasty." He pressed the intercom key again. "Captain Dale to Lieutenant Lucero. Lucy, report to Shuttle Bay 2. I need you to pilot the St. Johns."
For a moment there was no reply. "Just as I'm enjoying lunch," a reply finally came. "Hargert is giving me a dirty look, I don't think this sausage stew was meant to be half-finished."
Teal'c was in the lead, Zack behind him and Julia behind Zack. He had his zat holstered and his belt now contained Leo's cloaking device with Leo's earpiece now in Teal'c's ear, given because Leo and Julia had figured Teal'c would get more use from the cloaking system. They trudged through the desert sands at a steady stride, defying the sheer discomfort that Abydos was throwing at them. "It will not be much further," Teal'c said, turning his head back slightly.
"Yeah." Zack forced his pace a bit to stand beside Teal'c. "So... uh... how did you know I was there? I mean, I've slipped by plenty of people before..."
"I heard you disturb the sand," Teal'c answered promptly. "And you began to move more quickly, I felt the shift in the air between us."
"Oh." Zack stopped and took in a breath. Teal'c promptly stepped past him. "I'll have to watch that next time."
"You are fortunate I did not kill you." Teal'c turned back and let them catch up. "Tell me now. Do you truly believe your healer can save Sha're?"
Zack nodded in agreement. "He can do it. Leo's the smartest guy I know when it comes to things like this."
Teal'c's eyes moved from Julia to Zack and back. "You place great faith in your friend. I hope you are right. Daniel Jackson and Sha're have suffered enough without having false hope given to them." He turned away and continued down the next dune.
Lucy finished her pre-flight checks and looked back to Nasri. The Sudanese woman, rescued from Darfur back in the "old days" of the Facility, was wearing the blue field uniform of Stellar Navy medical personnel and currently occupied in doing final checks on the medical unit. "We're ready to go on my end."
"I'm doing final checks to make sure the medical unit is ready." Nasri tapped another key. "I can't believe we're about to do this. Opening a woman's head to pull an alien parasite out?"
"Doctors and nurses get all the fun jobs," Lucy remarked. "Don't worry about it, Leo's got this one. Let's just make sure we give him the tools he needs."
The bridge of the Aurora was quiet, but even shouts would have had a hard time getting the attention of Caterina. She stared at her screens intently, picking at something that felt like a memory but wasn't one. She knew what this pattern was... but she didn't. Just like she knew what a Stargate even... yeah.
Her outburst drew the attention of the others. Caterina noticed them and swallowed. "I thought I'd seen this before, but I hadn't! It was in my head but not because I'd seen it before..."
"The brainwave infusions!", Cat squealed. "The Darglan data I learned was from that, but because it wasn't learned naturally I couldn't remember...."
"Yes! It's the subspace ripple from a ship in hyperspace. In very deep hyperspace, a deep enough band that they're probably going a hundred times faster than warp drive. It'd propogate over long distances, but only in high bands at the furthest extents." Caterina's smile evaporated. "Crap. They're going that fast.... they'll be here any minute!"
Robert's spine stiffened. Given what he'd learned from the landing party, he could think of only one spacefaring civilization that fit this situation. "Jarod, get me Leo and Julia, now."
Within seconds both appeared. "We've got a ship incoming," Robert said. "Caterina figured out it's a hyperspace wave."
Teal'c's face came into focus beside Julia's. "It may be a Goa'uld mothership. You could be in grave danger."
"It's better if the Goa'uld don't know we're here," Julia pointed out. "Leo, can you begin working on Sha're from the St. Johns?"
Leo nodded. "It should have everything I need. I wasn't taking chances when I gave Nasri my instructions."
"Good. Rob, please, get the Aurora out of range. Launch the runabout and get out of here. We'll signal when it's safe."
Teal'c's reply was immediate. "It is highly unlilkely any Goa'uld would simply destroy this planet. They may come intending to conquer it, but it is not their way to destroy a world without reason."
Robert put his hands together, fingers interlacing together as his hands formed a rough sphere. "I hope you're right, Teal'c. Everyone take cover and stay safe. We'll be monitoring from the far side of one of the moons." He pressed the intercom. "Commander Kane, change of plans...."
"Alright everyone, new orders!" Kane's voice boomed over the shuttle bay. He pointed to his Marines and the corpsmen with them, boxes in their arms containing the last of the medical supplies. "You're with me!"
"We're going down there, Marine, to help Doctor Gillam and Commander Andreys in whatever manner they require." Kane waved them in, thanking himself for the foresight to have them suit up "just in case". The entire squad was in their light field power armor with desert camo turned on; the armor was a vacuum-capable suit that looked more like a conventional armor suit for a person, but with a power source within to maintain the various systems tied into the suit. Arms were limited to assault rifles and sidearms as well as Corporal Ijala's sniper rifle. Having it required the Alakin had to duck to slip into the runabout entry door. "Secure yourselves in the back, I'm heading up to see our pilot."
Kane rushed to the front of the St. Johns, where Lucy and Nasri were already secured in seats. "I'm bringing more Marines with me, Lieutenant. We've got to launch now."
"Captain Dale already warned me," Lucy answered. She tapped her controls and brought the engines online. Behind them the shuttle bay doors finished opening. "Hold on tight!"
Lucy didn't bother turning. She fired retro-thrusters and the runabout flew out backwards, barely missing one of the shuttles before emerging into space.
"If we shut down a lot of systems, anything that generates a subspace signature.... yes," Jarod answered.
She operated the controls with a speed she'd rarely dared. The St. Johns shifted under her control and began plunging down into the planet. "We're going in too step!", Nasri complained.
"No choice, we've got to get to a naqia deposit or they'll have us on sensors!", Lucy shouted back, increasing their speed.
Lucy didn't reply. She focused entirely on the controls and her instruments. The latter were already insisting she decelerate or they'd crash, but she knew that she'd never make it in time if she had to do that.
The people of Abydos could see the red streak of the St. Johns descending through the sky. They stared in wonderment while some panicked. From the outside of the main tent, Daniel and Meridina watched it. "That wouldn't happen to be that medical ship, would it?", Daniel asked.
"It is." Meridina stared. And, for a moment, she felt something... and it made her smile. Good. Listen to your feelings, she thought gently. Trust them.
Listen to your feelings. Trust them. The words were in Lucy's head, but she didn't remember thinking them. And then her attention was back on the screaming instruments, declaring her descent was too fast, her angle too steep, and that they were going to slam into the ground. An eye spotted the timer from the Aurora; eight seconds!
Something in her said It's time. Lucy fired the engines again, righting the St. Johns and decelerating it. G-forces leaked through the inertial dampeners and pulled against her and the others, the ship's systems shrieked in protest....
And then the ship shook under them, violently, as it slammed into the ground. Everyone was thrown against their harnesses. Lucy allowed the tremor to pass before letting out a primal scream of triumph. "Killing the systems now!" With several key presses she shut down the naqia reactor, the impulse drives, virtually everything, leaving only a microfusion core that would not show up against the ambient energy fields of the naqia deposits she'd landed above.
Some were flocking toward the mines to see what had fallen there. Leo, Daniel, and Meridina were going as well, but that was because they knew what had come, and most importantly, they had Sha're with them, being helped along by Daniel and Meridina. In her condition she could not move quickly; it would take time for them to get that far.
"It wasn't," Meridina said, smiling thinly. She'd felt Lucy Lucero, oh she had felt her, and aided her. It was brilliant piloting.
But another feeling came to Meridina. She looked upward and knew what was coming before the low roar came in the air. Eyes turned beyond the mines, in another direction; one that she had seen Teal'c, Julia, and Zachary take earlier. "What is that?", she asked quietly as the shape began to come down in the distance.
Daniel swallowed. "It's a Goa'uld ship," he said softly. "It's going to dock at the pyramid with the Stargate."
Before they could move further, Sha're screamed and started to double over. "Sha're!" Daniel kneeled beside her. Leo got onto a knee and brought his multidevice up. A featureless figure, one Daniel knew to be Sha're's, appeared as a hologram over the device. "We've got to hurry," Leo said, his voice tense.
They had almost gotten to the pyramid when the Goa'uld ship descended from the sky. "Now!", Julia called out. She reached down and hit her cloak. Zack and Teal'c did the same, all three wavering out of sight.
They found a short dune to kneel behind as they watched the ship land. A few minutes passed and armored figures came out, each carrying a staff in one hand. Armored helmets shifted into place on their heads, forming eagle-like shapes with glowing red eyes. "Horus guards," Teal'c murmured to the others.
"These are not Apophis' forces. They belong to Heru'ur, another System Lord. He is one of Apophis' enemies."
Julia realized what this meant immediately. "He knows Apophis hid Sha're here. He's after her and the baby."
"Be silent," Teal'c warned in a low voice. "Your devices are not perfect. We should return immediately. Stay low and do not let the wind push against you."
"Aurora, this is Andreys." Julia's voice sounded hoarse, like it was more of a forced whisper than normal speech. "The vessel was Goa'uld and landed on the pyramid containing the Stargate. We're on our way back to the settlement now. We'll organize a defense there." The transmission cut.
Robert put his hands together again in a thoughtful, irritated gesture. Up here, there was nothing he could do.
Kane and his Marines had disembarked and set up a perimeter when Leo arrived with the others; Meridina and Daniel supporting Sha're. "Let her down!", he shouted. "We're taking her in by stretcher! Commander!"
Kane didn't have to be told anything further. "Get the evac litter!" One of his corpsmen dragooned for the landing pulled out the retractable anti-grav litter from his pack. He set it up beside Sha're.
As she was put on it by Daniel and the corpsman, Leo stomped into the runabout's door and went straight for the medical module. "Get the emergency incubation chamber ready, she's in labor!"
Daniel was right behind the litter as the Marines brought Sha're in. She screamed once more and looked to Daniel, who took her hand as soon as she was transferred to the main bed. With a press of a button Leo caused the bed to shift until it was set up for the task at hand. "Okay, we're almost ready." Leo looked to the door. "Meridina!"
Meridina thought for a second. "You fear the parasite will do something when the birth is complete?"
"Doctor Jackson." Leo looked over to where Daniel was holding Sha're's hand, trying to reassure her with his presence. "You can stay for the birth, but I'm going to have to ask you to leave when it's done. This is going to be a delicate surgery."
"I understand," Daniel answered. He looked back to Sha're and began murmuring to her. He had a supportive smile as he spoke in the Abydonian dialect of ancient Egyptian.
"The Goa'uld is causing it somehow," Leo answered. "It's the most likely explanation. It could still be a couple of hours, though... I need you to rest as much as you can and let me know how far apart the contractions are. I have preparations to make."
Zack was ready to sit down when they got back to the settlement. Julia was clearly hiding how fatigued she'd gotten, while Teal'c seemed barely fazed. Commander Kane and Lucy were waiting them with other Marines. "What's our status?", Julia asked.
"We landed the St. Johns at the other end of the settlement, near one of the naqia mines." Kane motioned to his men. "I'm ready to establish a perimeter around the settlement."
"And if we don't do something they'll attack the runabout to get Sha're." Julia found an empty bench and sat. "Could we attack them out in the desert?"
"I go out, a couple of people with me, and we get their attention." Zack grabbed a stick of firewood meant for the nearby cookpot and jabbed it into the ground. He created an X and an O. He pointed to the latter. "They're here. They see us, they chase." He drew a line from the X to about a foot away. There he drew more Xs in a circle. "Then we ambush."
"Ijala can set up on a high dune, give us sniper cover for the ambush." Kane smirked and nodded. "Good plan."
Leo was busy checking his tools while Nasri helped Sha're with a light pain reducer. "I'm afraid we can't give you more," she said. "It could harm the child."
Nasri stepped back up toward Leo. In a soft voice she asked, "Are you sure about this, Doctor? Her body will already be weak from giving birth. The surgery we're talking about doing..."
"I know," he answered. "But every minute that thing is inside her, it can do a lot of damage if it knows we're going to take it out. We're going to have a very limited window." Leo stopped for a moment and stared at the screen. "I promised I'd save her, Nasri." He looked directly at her. His brown eyes focused on her's and she could see how determined he was, more than she usually saw. "This thing has violated her in a way that I've never seen done to a person before. I can't let it continue."
"It's not about trust. It's..." Nasri looked into his expression and sighed. "I'm sorry, Doctor. I'm just concerned."
"That's fine. It's part of the job." Leo turned back to the screen. "Check her contractions again. I don't like how quickly they're picking up. At this rate she'll give birth at any time."
Julia, Zack, and Lucy remained on their knees behind a sand dune as the approaching line of armored figures drew closer. "Okay, we need to get their attention," Julia whispered to the others. "Anyone have any...."
"Hold that thought." Zack stood up and brought his pulse pistol up. One of the enemy troops turned his head enough to notice Zack. He let out a cry of warning before Zack's pistol fired. Blue bursts came from the muzzle and slammed into the armored man.
"Zack, I meant an actual plan!", Julia shouted, standing up and firing as well. Another of the Jaffa fell.
Zack narrowed his eyes at the armored humanoids as they lined up and leveled their sticks. "I wonder what those big stick things are for," he muttered.
One amongst them pointed to the landing party and shouted something in an alien language, but the distance made it hard to understand the cry. Red energy erupted from the segmented tips of the staves, forcing them back into cover. They could feel the heat of the blasts as they slammed into the sand dune, sending up showers of sand.
The trio took off, rushing as fast as they could through the sands. "I'm starting to hate... deserts," Zack huffed.
Red energy bolts crashed to either side of them as some of the Jaffa tried to fire from the hip, on the run. Lucy reached over and yanked Julia toward her. Both stumbled slightly and lost speed, but evaded the energy bolt that slammed into the sand ahead of them and that would have clearly hit Julia. "Thanks!", she said. "How....?"
"That is such a stupid answer," Julia laughed. It felt funny laughing in this situation, but she couldn't help but do so; she attributed it to the adrenaline pumping through her.
The ambush point chosen was where three sand dunes provided three points of fire while, half a mile away, a taller sand dune provided a position for the Alakin sniper in Kane's unit. They began charging up the far dune, still exposed as they did so. Julia tripped in the sand and fell to her knees as a bolt went over her head. "Dammit," she cried out, feeling pain shoot up from her left ankle.
A bolt of red energy shot over their heads. Lucy's pistol fire went the other way, hitting the sand before one of them. They'd gotten to the most dangerous part; the dune was tall enough that the Jaffa could stop and get a moment to line up shots on them that they had no cover against. If the others weren't quick enough they were sitting ducks.
The Jaffa began to form a firing line, like from some Civil War documentary. "Any time!", Zack shouted into his multi-device. He looked back and saw the Jaffa bring up their firing staves to the barked order of their commander.
From out of nowhere a burst of orange light smashed into that lead Jaffa's forehead. He toppled lifeless into the sands. The other Jaffa hesitated for a moment, uncertain of where the shot came from...
Sand on every dune erupted as Kane and his Marines jumped up from ambush positions. Kane and Teal'c appeared just past Julia and Zack, assault rifle and zat raised and firing immediately. Blue energy rained down on the Jaffa from three angles while another blast of orange light went through the head of their oldest looking survivors. A few blasts came from the firing staves, but all were misses; the Jaffa were simply too disorganized to return fire effectively.
After the last one fell, Kane and Teal'c approached the three. "Looks like the plan worked." Kane spied Julia's injured foot. "Twisted ankle, Commander?"
A Corpsman, a tanned young man with East Asian features, came from one of the other dunes. "Twisted ankle," he said. He brought up his arm and checked his M-dev. "Not a bad injury though, I can heal it here. Go ahead and sit down, Commander."
"Heru'ur will become suspicious when his Jaffa do not report in." Teal'c looked off toward the Goa'uld ship in the distance. "He will know if I am not his Prime, but I may be able to pass as one of the lesser warriors."
"Guess these Goa'uld aren't big on making sure they know their men," Kane remarked. "Get what you need and we'll fall back to the settlement."
"Doctor, the contractions are long enough now!" Nasri looked up from the display even as Sha're cried out.
"Make sure everything is ready, we'll need to act as soon as she's given birth." Leo got into a chair at the end of the biobed. Leg braces gave Sha're something to rest her legs on. "When the contractions come, Sha're, you need to push with them, okay?"
She nodded and cried out again. Her face twisted into a rictus of exertion and agony through the entire contraction. Daniel held her hand tightly. "I'm here. It's going to be okay."
"Okay.... I see the head!" Leo looked up at her and smiled. "You're doing great!" By the time the contraction ended he nodded. "You're almost there! The next one should do it!"
"It's okay. I'm here for you." Daniel sat up and kissed her on the lips. "I'll always be here for you, okay? I promise."
"Push... push!" Leo kept glancing under the sheet over her legs and back to Sha're. "You're doing great, Sha're! The baby's almost here! Almost...." Leo nodded to a nurse, who had the incubator ready.
"Here!" Leo reached down and there was the sound of a soft thwack, followed by an ear-piercing wail. When he brought his arms back up he had a screaming baby in his arms. "Congratulations, it's a boy."
Sha're sat up. Her eyes flashed with white light. "You will give me the child," she demanded, her tone becoming imperious, commanding... and with an unnatural bass timbre to it.
Leo looked up at her. "You and I have something to discuss." He handed the baby to Nasri. Daniel stood up moved closer to Leo's side. "What's the thing's name again?"
"You've got two choices, Amaunet," Leo said with a voice that sounded deceptively soft, especially given the intensity of his glare. "I recommend Choice One. You depart Sha're freely and without harming her. I'll put you in a container to sustain you until you can be returned to your kind."
"Then you take Choice Two," Leo retorted. "I'm going to cut you out, and so long as Sha're survives it I don't give a Goddamn if you do or not." He nodded to Meridina.
Meridina focused on Sha're and felt out directly with her mind. She could feel Sha're still inside, terrified and sad, and the uncertain but haughty thoughts of Amaunet.
"You defy your Gods, slave? You will pay for...." Suddenly Sha're's body tensed up. "What is..... you cannot" She closed her eyes and took in a breath. "Daniel... something is holding the demon. What is...."
"Doctor...." Meridina's voice was forced. "This being is powerful. It's trying to slip from my control. And if I push harder I may harm Sha're. Please... hurry."
"I understand." Leo turned to Sha're. "It'll be over soon, Sha're," Leo promised. He pulled out a hypospray device and slipped a sedative cartridge in. He applied it directly to her carotid artery. "Sleep. Your body will need the rest."
She turned to her husband. A smile crossed her face as her eyes met his. "Dan...iel..." She slumped back onto the bed.
Leo put a hand on Daniel's shoulder. "I'll take good care of her. But I need you out of the medical module."
"I understand," he answered, looking back at his wife and frowning. "Maybe.... I'm not sure what would be worse, losing her here or having Amaunet take her back over."
"It's not going to happen, okay?" Leo ignored the look he was getting from Nasri. "I've got to clean up and get prepped for surgery. Nasri will show you a place to wait. You can watch the baby."
Daniel nodded, not taking his eyes off Sha're. "Okay." The look on his face betrayed his feelings; he felt hope but knew how easily it could slip away. He said nothing after accepting a nod from Leo and leaving the room ahead of Nasri.
Leo pulled off the gloves he'd been wearing to perform the childbirth and put them in a receptacle. He started to undo the surgical apron. "Finish getting her prepped while I finish this," he ordered his nurses.
The landing party and the Marines made it to the end of the settlement, each carrying a piece of Jaffa Horus Guard armor while Teal'c had also claimed one of the firing staves. At that time an unnaturally bass voice began to speak over the comm devices they had stolen. Teal'c brought one up and replied in the Goa'uld language. When the conversation was over he saw Julia looking toward him. "I told him that the unit was ambushed by Serpent Guards and that I am the only survivor of the battle. He is sending more Jaffa to join me."
"So we're back to square one," Zack grumbled. "And I don't feel like being bait again, if you don't mind."
"If we wipe this group out Heru'ur will have to know something is going on." Julia looked to Teal'c. "They know your voice now. You could keep up the charade of being the lone survivor."
"I will need to remain in the Horus helmet. The Jaffa will see me as a warrior of Apophis if they see my face." Teal'c indicated the golden snake insignia on his forehead. "As one of them I can try to direct their investigation."
"Lucy, you take a couple of the Marines back to the St. Johns. If it comes down to it, we make a run for orbit and meeting with the Aurora." Julia looked to Kane next. "The rest of us will go back to that pyramid and see what we can do about that ship. Commander, your suits have cloaks, right?"
"These aren't full infiltrator models," Kane answered. "So we only have a few minutes of battery life."
With care Sha're's body had been shifted to be on her stomach, a necessity for what came next. The IVs were in place and the medical staff was in surgical gowns; Leo was approaching his moment of decision as he finished tying Sha're's curly hair to the sides of her head. "Holding fields ready," Nasri confirmed from her station. "Vitals are as strong as they'll get."
"Okay. Scalpel." Leo accepted the instrument form a nurse and used it to begin cutting away the flesh covering the Goa'uld's hiding place on the spinal column. He hated having to cut her physically, he would need direct access to the symbiote in case it woke up. When the cut was finished he pressed a key to bring up a holographic image of Sha're's upper spinal column and brain stem. The Goa'uld flashed red on it, its tendrils digging deep into her spine and the brain stem. "Activate the micro-transporters."
At Nasri's button press the system came on. Using the controls to manipulate the holo-display, Leo directed the tool into it and began moving it over the red. Energy thrummed through the systems and the red began disappearing. The tendrils of sensitive cells that the Goa'uld had woven into Sha're were literally cut up by a miniscule transporter beam, their matter being deposited in a pattern buffer for later retrieval or destruction.
"I'm picking up some activity from the Goa'uld," said the nurse at the other station. Leo recognized the void as Nurse Li, a Chinese woman from the FedStars. "I think it's starting to awaken."
"Put another dose of that sedative in," Leo ordered. "Twenty ccs." He continued to run the tool slowly over the red on the display.
The nurse nodded and prepared the appropriate dosage. She didn't blanch as she reached into Sha're's opened back and injected the substance directly into the Goa'uld symbiote wrapped onto the spine. Li looked back to the display. "Activity levels dropping. But not very far. I think the symbiote is adjusting. How high should the next dose be?"
In the cockpit of the runabout, Daniel was staring silently out at the looming night of Abydos, Sha're's baby quiet in the uncubator beside him. Lucy sat in the next chair over and retrieved a thermos from a compartment to the side. "Want some stew? It's authentic German sausage stew... of some kind. Our ship's lounge host and chef is German and cooks about everything to perfection."
Lucy shrugged. After she swallowed a spoonful of the stew she put the thermos down. "Leo is the most caring man I've ever known," she said. "Your wife is in good hands."
"The last time we tried to pull a symbiote out, it dug itself in deeply enough to survive and take full control," Daniel answered. "Kawalsky ended up getting killed."
"Leo's got the tools and the skill." Lucy put her hands together in front of her. "He brought me back to health. I.... when this all began for us, when Robert and the others found that Darglan facility.... I was a captive of a real bastard. He was exploiting Mexicans as slave labor and I tried to stop it. But he found me out. He took me prisoner and he left me locked and tied up in a room so his brat son could get his kicks hurting me. And then...." Lucy looked off out the window, with tears at the corners of her eyes. "...they came for me. One moment I'm in that damned torture chamber and the next I'm on a bed. And here is Leo looking down at me with such..." She sucked in a breath. "it was like looking into the eyes of an angel after being in the middle of Hell. And he took things and he made the pain go away and... it was all over."
Daniel listened quietly as she gave her story. Every moment he'd spent not worrying about Sha're he'd been considering the story given by Julia Andreys earlier in the day. It seems so impossible, at least when he didn't think of what he'd done (up to and including seeing an alternate timeline). "Between your experiences and mine, I'm not sure which are more impossible. So why do I feel like getting Sha're back is?"
"I guess that's the part of you that is afraid it won't turn out that way," Lucy murmured. "You don't want to get your hopes up."
Teal'c watched quietly as Kasuf took another smack to the face. Heru'ur's men were not in a happy mood and there was nothing Teal'c could do to keep them from beating the village headman. Kasuf was enduring regardless out of undoubted parental devotion. "The warriors of Apophis took her," Kasuf insisted. "Many days ago."
The Jaffa growled and looked away. He spoke into his communicator. "My Lord, the village headman says that Apophis has already reclaimed his queen."
There was frustrated silence on the other end. "Return immediately. I...." There was a sound in the background that drew Heru'ur's attention.
Teal'c recognized it immediately; the Stargate was activating. He turned away from the others and whispered, "Someone is coming through the Stargate."
Teal'c looked back and listened. The Stargate finished activating and he could hear the familiar sound of the particle jet formed whenever a Stargate opened. Moments later was a demand for the newcomers to surrender.
The pyramid was drawing closer, ever so closer, but Julia stopped when she heard Teal'c's faint remark. "Colonel who?", she asked.
There was a pause. A lengthy one. "I heard Colonel O'Neill's voice. He and Captain Carter must have come through the Gate. Heru'ur has them prisoner."
"Oh, that's all," Zack sighed. "So this just became a rescue mission. Guess we're back to the old business."
Julia shot him an irritated look. "Stay with the other Jaffa for now, Teal'c. We'll get in and help the others." Julia cut the signal. "Alright everyone, double time it!" She picked up the pace, almost breaking into a jog.
Leo removed another tendril of Amaunet from Sha're's spinal column and smiled thinly. "Vitals are still good?", he asked Nasri.
"Dose it up again," Leo ordered. He went back to work, forcing himself not to rush. The last thing he needed was to miss a cell of this damned thing.
Lucy watched Daniel finish the soup she'd replicated for him and smiled at him. "Lucky woman to have a guy like you," she remarked.
"Uh.... no more than four." Lucy frowned. "And I'll have to bring some systems back online, the naqia won't mask us effectively any more."
"Well, this is fun." Lucy keyed the ship intercom. "Leo, a fair warning, very soon I might be flying."
"I'll do my best, but no promises." Lucy hit a button to turn off the intercom. "So, Doctor, ever fly a spaceship before?"
There were Jaffa guards flanking the entrance to the pyramid, but only two. The landing party remained hidden behind one of the dunes overlooking the pyramid. "Any idea what's inside?", Julia asked Kane.
"Okay. Then we do this the fun way. Zack and I will go down and take the guards out under cloak. You can come in visible and cloak when you get into the light, just in case that ship has cameras."
"Doesn't rule out simple heat imaging though, given the sun is down." Kane looked at the entrance. "Are you sure about this? Ijala can make the shots."
"If you miss...." Julia seemed to consider it. "Okay, let us get into position first. We'll signal you."
"Agreed." Kane nodded to Ijala and held his rifle up. Julia and Zack wavered out of view as their cloaks activated. Footsteps, very light ones, appeared in the surface of the sand.
Kane used the eye-based controls of his HUD to bring up the data he'd need to help Ijala. He crawled up beside his sniper and read off numbers; distance, wind speeds, angle. On his display he could see their comm feed show him the rough positions of the two young command officers sneaking ahead. Kane was familiar with many grips about the youth and relative lack of military training that the Aurora command crew had; he'd come to see it as just a slight drawback, because even if they didn't have the formal training, they had good instincts, and you couldn't train to get those.
The Alakin made a soft chirp in reply and pulled the trigger. A quick orange pulse erupted from his rifle. The blast went through the eagle-head helmet on one of the guards and he fell instantly.
Ijala was bringing up his rifle for a second shot. Before he could, a blue light flashed behind the remaining Jaffa. It fell from a short range pistol shot to the back of the head. Through his HUD Kane saw Julia put her pistol back in its holster. "Alright everyone, cloaks on, timing will be tight."
Zack ignored the fatigue in, well, every part of his body. He tried to focus instead as they entered the central chamber of the pyramid. It was dominated by a big metal ring with red lights on it; ahead of the ring was a squad device with buttons and a big red sphere in the middle.
And beside this device he saw the origin of the cries of agony filling the room. A bald guy in a suit of chain mail was standing over two figures on their knees. His hand was stretched out over the forehead of a blond-haired woman, the figure beside her already looking down and breathing hard. Golden light reached out from the device on the bald man's hand and bathed the head of the woman and, given her cries, it was clearly not enjoyable. At least ten more Jaffa were arround the chamber on top of the two flanking the bald guy.
Remembering what Teal'c had said about how he revealed his position before, Zack moved slowly and quietly, taking care to shift weight to his feet carefully to limit sound. He carefully pulled his pulse pistol out of the holster. That looks like hell he thought, watching the bald guy - the guy in charge, clearly - torment his prisoners. "What do the Tau'ri have to do with Apophis' Queen?", the man demanded with a voice that sounded unnaturally deep.
"I have absolutely no clue what you're grumbling about," the man responded. Zack could see his hair was mostly wolf gray now, although he looked pretty spry for a guy of his age. Okay, so that must be Colonel O'Neill. And the woman is Captain Carter. "But hey, we hate Apophis too, so if you want to work together..."
The bald guy laughed. "When I am finished with Apophis, I will come for your planet and you will all be my slaves."
Julia moved opposite Zack toward a pair of Jaffa with their blaster staves held upright. They were both in position now.
"Oh, come on... we're really not that bad. You haven't seen TV yet, have...." The gold light covered O'Neill's head, making him gasp. When it ended, he sucked in a breath. "You're still carrying a grudge over Cimmeria, aren't you?"
As Kane, under cloak, entered the door, one of the Jaffa Julia was beside moved slightly. It was enough to show he'd sensed something. He raised his staff toward the entrance as another Marine entered the room.
Julia struck first, grabbing the staff and pulling it from the surprised Jaffa's hands before he could grasp it more tightly. She brought the butt end up and smashed it into the belly of the other Jaffa, causing him to double over. She twirled it around and sent the head of it into the first Jaffa's helmet, sending him down, and in the same motion brought the staff back around to smash the butt into the head of the remaining Jaffa.
Taking her cue, Zack brought his pistol up and unloaded it on the two Jaffa nearest to him. Beside him Kane raised his rifle and let loose with a burst that claimed another Jaffa. He had to take cover as two staff blasts converged on him.
The two Marines who'd come through the entrance opened fire now, claiming the two bodyguards of the bald guy. Their shots were absorbed by a yellow energy field that shimmered around, well, Zack was calling him "Baldy" in his head now.
In the chaos the two prisoners rolled away, going for a pair of assault rifles discarded near the iron ring.
"I do not know who you are," the bald guy growled, "but know that on this day you face Heru'ur, your God."
Zack peeked out of his corner. "I dunno, I always saw God as this big tall guy with a beard. Your beard's way too short." He dodged a staff blast behind cover. "And brown. Maybe you should settle for angel or something?"
"Zack!", Julia shouted in irritation. She'd charged another pair of Jaffa, getting in close enough that she was trading blows with them using the staff she'd taken. In close range neither dared shoot at her; she sidestepped one strike and slammed the butt of the stick into her attacker's knee with enough force to hurt it despite the armor. The Jaffa tumbled a bit, giving her an opening to do a quick jumping snap kick into the chest of the other. She used the staff to re-direct her weight and remain standing; the distance she'd kicked the Jaffa allowed one of the Marines enough clearance to shoot him.
Heru'ur snarled and let loose a blast from his hand device. Despite being mostly in cover the blast was enough to knock Zack and Kane back. "Woh, Baldy, seriously," Zack grumbled, picking himself up from the ground. "I'm trying to help here."
Heru'ur turned from Zack and Kane. Bullets slammed into his forceshield repeatedly from the M5 in the hands of Colonel O'Neill. Seeing his gun was having no effect, O'Neill lowered it.
Heru'ur brought his hand up and pointed it to O'Neill. "You dare challenge me?", he guffawed, a mixture of amusement and irritation in his voice.
"Was thinking about it," O'Neill answered. He pulled a knife from his belt. In one motion he gripped the blade and brought it up. Within a second it was already flying forward.
The blade went right through Heru'ur's hand device. It sparked and the forcefield began to fail. Grimacing with pain and anger, Heru'ur reached for his hand. "You will pay for this insol..."
He stopped talking when Julia's fist connected with his jaw. The Goa'uld toppled over and found the stolen staff weapon pushing right up against his throat. "I'm not really sure how to fire these," Julia admitted, smirking. "Want me to try?"
There was a sound from above. Julia looked up to see a ciruclar hatch open. Rings appeared. a bright light almost blinded her, and rings started to move downward. Before they could land on her and imprison her with Heru'ur, she was tackled by Carter with enough force to push them both to safety. The rings finished surrounding Heru'ur, who disappeared in a flash of gold light.
Everyone stood still for a moment, taking account of the fallen Jaffa. "Well, that was completely unexpected," Colonel O'Neill said. He looked to where Zack was helping Carter and Julia get up. "So, you're not from around here either, are you?"
O'Neill blinked. "Of course you are. Jack O'Neill, SG-1. This is Captain Samantha Carter. I'm guessing you've already met my buddies Teal'c and Doctor Jackson?"
"Yeah." Julia raised her right arm and activated her multi-device. "Lucy? It's time. Beam Teal'c first and then get us. And hurry."
Julia glanced at Carter, who glanced back, each with an expression of patience for the "wit" of their male comrades. "Great. Two of them," Julia sighed.
Some of the Marines disappeared in pillars of white light. "Was that a transporter beam?", Sam asked, her curiosity coming across fairly strong. "Without rings?"
"Yes." Julia nodded to Kane, who gathered his three remaining Marines. They beamed out together. "And we're next. Make sure to find a chair when we get there, the ride is probably going to be bumpy."
From above they could hear the engines of Heru'ur's ship activating. "I hope you brought a big honking spaceship with you," Jack said.
The calm of the Aurora's bridge broke when something lit up on Caterina's board. "I'm picking up a power source on the other side of the planet. It looks like that ship is bringing its systems to full."
Finally. It felt good to be able to do something again. "Nick, take us around the planet," Robert ordered. "Code Red!"
Teal'c was standing in front of them when they materialized. Lucy was already turning in her seat at the front of the cockpit. "It is good to see you are well," he said to his comrades.
"I'm guessing we have a lot to talk...." Jack's eyes found Daniel sitting in one of the side chairs, his hand in the incubation unit containing the baby. "A baby. Where was I? Oh yeah, a lot to..."
"Everyone take a seat," Lucy shouted. She looked over briefly enough to see Julia take the side seat. "Handling operations?"
"What kind of ship is it?", Sam asked, securing herself in one of the passenger chairs as she did so.
"It's a runabout with a medical module aboard," Julia answered even as the ground beneath them shifted. "It's called the St. Johns."
"Bigger than a shuttle, smaller than normal starships," Zack clarified for Sam. "And they come in several delicious flavors."
The runabout shuddered underneath them. "We've got contacts below us, coming on our rear," Zack confirmed. "Looks like fighters."
"It's the equivalent of a medical helicopter, Colonel," Julia pointed out. "We've got the standard forward phaser bank, that's it. And they're behind us."
"And that big one is on us too." The runabout shifted heavily under Lucy's control, barely avoiding an energy bolt that flew by them. "You really pissed them off."
Leo had to pull his tool away while clearing the Goa'uld from the brainstem. He reached to his wrist and hit his multidevice's comm. "Lucy! I can't do brain surgery if we're shaking like this!"
Meridina seemed to be the only one who kept her footing. But she looked at Leo with deep concern. "Doctor, the beast is..."
Li nodded and got the dosage. As she moved to bring it to the bed the St. Johns rocked hard under them. Li cried out and lost her footing, causing her to fall. She started to get back to her feet.
Leo looked up and saw Meridina had been too late. Red light was starting to flow into Sha're's bloodstream. The holodisplay flashed a warning: TOXIN DETECTED. "Oh hell."
"I'm getting interference, I think they're jamming," Julia answered. She looked up at the cockpit as they broke orbit. Another light hit knocked them about. "Shields down to seventy percent."
The ship shuddered again. "Shields down to sixty-five percent." Julia tapped several keys. "Maybe if we bring the warp drive online?"
Lucy noticed a light on her board and tapped it. "Hey, I could do with some help right about..." Lucy smiled suddenly.
A squadron of Mongoose fighters appeared on her screens. The fighters twisted in space and raced to meet up with the runabout, firing as they did. Phaser beams slashed across the distance and sliced into the Death Gliders pursuing the St. Johns. "Laurent's got those fighters running!", Zack laughed. "Oh yeah!"
The port phaser cannons and emplacements of the Aurora opened up. Bursts and beams of amber light stabbed out and met yellow energy fields around the pyramid shaped vessel. "Their shields are still functional," Angel said. "Firing again!"
The ship shuddered again as white tear-dropped shape blasts criss-crossed with the amber fury of the Aurora's phasers. "Shields down to eighty percent," Jarod warned.
"C'mon Lucy..." After muttering that Robert said, "The moment she lands, bring us about and present the bow!"
The Aurora loomed closer, but it didn't stay steady on the screen. Lucy was raising and lowering the runabout relative to the larger vessel to avoid the fire on both ends. She slipped by the ramscoop of the upper port nacelle and twisted the St. Johns hard. Ahead of them the shuttle bay opened and she fired the engines. She went in faster than she'd ever tried, focusing herself on the bay. At the last possible moment she hit the retro-drives and cut the impulse engines. Everyone was forced to lean forward as deceleration seeped through the inertial dampener fields, after which the runabout bucked under them as it slammed into the bay floor. Sparks flew from the bottom of the St. Johns as it skidded across the deck. It finally came to a halt four meters from the far wall, leaving a long skidmark behind it.
Robert's order was answered immediately, even as the ship shuddered underneath them from another hit. Locarno fired the ship's maneuvering thrusters and impulse drives to turn the Aurora as tightly as they could. "Shifting power to bow shields," Barnes said from the Engineering station. "Shield integrity hovering at sixty-one percent."
Angel's fingers stabbed on the firing controls. Amber energy lashed out again, joined by the immense blue energy bursts from the bow pulse plasma cannons. Torpedoes erupted from the bow launchers and raced across the distance. The firepower slammed the Goa'uld ship hard enough that its shields flickered, allowing multiple torpedoes to crash into its hull.
"My Lord, our shields are losing coherence!" A Jaffa looked up above the sparking bridge displays and toward his master. Heru'ur was snarling in frustration. "Those weapons... my lord...."
"What?!" Heru'ur stood up and looked at the display showing the sensors' estimation of the enemy's weapons.
What he saw made his blood cold. His eyes widened in disbelief and rage. "That is not possible. They would never share...." Heru'ur angrily turned to his helmsman. "We must withdraw! Now!"
"Shields at fifty percent," Jarod said after another barrage. On the screen more shots were exchanged as the bow weapons of the Aurora pummeled the Goa'uld ship again. "Wait, I'm getting a power spike. It's big."
Ahead of the Goa'uld ship a blue "window" opened in space. The pyramid vessel went right into it and disappeared, the window closing behind it.
"Secure from Code Red," Robert said. "Get me all readings on that ship to send to Admiral Maran." He pressed the intercom button. "Dale to Andreys. How was it down there."
"It's that damn toxin," Leo growled as he finished operating the control beside him. "I've got fields up to contain the toxin to where it's spread. I'm almost done removing the Goa'uld from her."
"One thing at a time, Nasri. This thing is metabolizing the sedative fast and Meridina can't restrain it very long, if it's not out it'll just pump in more poison." Leo brought his tool back and got back to work. He'd completely pulled the Goa'uld from the spine and had just a few connections to the brain left. But this was the most delicate work; if he wasn't careful he'd leave the alien matter inside her. Every speck of the Goa'uld had to be pulled out. His jaw clenched as he kept working on the task at hand. One tendril disappeared.... and another....
As Li and another nurse did so, Nasri continued to monitor Sha're's condition. "EEG activity still unresponsive! Doctor, we need to start cortical stimulation!"
"If you use the stimulator it might wake the Goa'uld up!", Leo retorted. "Then we will lose her!" He never took his focus off the display. One last tendril showed. He started work on it.
Leo sucked in a breath and forced the tool across the last link of red on the hologram. You promised her, Leo. You promised. Sweat moved into his eyes. He didn't have to call before the nurse behind him ran a sponge over his forehead. He only had seconds left, seconds....
Meridina's hand came up. Amaunet lifted right out of the opened cavity, severed pieces hanging limply from the snake-like thing. She restrained her tremendous disgust at the being in her grip lest she crush it or otherwise do something dark, something against the code by which she lived. With her swevyra Meridina brought the creature over to the recepticle that had been set aside from it and let it plop into the nutrient fluid that would keep it alive.
Even as she did this, Leo was shouting. "Cortical stimulators, now! Nurse, power surgical dermal regenerator!" The nurse behind him pressed a button. Leo reached to the controls and used them to run the resulting blue beam over the incision on Sha're's head, neck, and upper back.
"Setting to Negative 70 Positive 30, sodium and potassium channels set!" Nasri pressed a key. 'Charging...." There was a blip on her monitor. "No response."
"Again!", Leo barked, finishing the sealing of the surgical incision. "Turn her!" He reached under Sha're and, with the help of Li and two other nurses, flipped her onto her back. He went back to his controls. "Containment fields for the toxin still holding. I'm screening it now!"
God dammit, no, Leo thought. He thought his heart would quit. "Get the support activated. Ready stasis field!"
Leo sucked in a breath and watched the last of the toxin get screened out. This let him return full blood flow to Sha're's brain... but was he too late? "Dear God, please....", he pleaded, looking at the bio readings and seeing her brain was still shut down.
"Still no effect," Nasri sighed. "Charging... Doctor, if she doesn't come back in the next few attempts...."
"I know!" Leo leaned over her. "Sha're, please... I did it. All you have to do is come back, you're free. Please...."
"You have a beautiful baby, you have Daniel.... you have a life again, if you'd just..." Leo clenched his fists. He should have known. Oh God damn his arrogance, he should have known.
"God, I'm sorry," Leo prayed softly. "I'm sorry for presuming. Don't punish her for it.... please don't...."
SG-1 remained in the cockpit of the St. Johns with Julia and Zack, all waiting for news of the surgery. Finally, after the runabout had long landed, Leo stumbled out of the medical module and to the front of the ship. He found the last vacant seat, one near Daniel, and almost fell into it. His face was full of sweat and he looked completely spent. His eyes were almost closed.
Daniel looked at him. Tears formed in his eyes and he absentmindedly stroked the baby's hairless head. "You did your best," he said, half choking. He looked to be on the verge of breaking down. "At least... at least she's free."
Daniel stopped in what sounded like mid-sob. His eyes widened. Everyone else watched intently. "Sha're's... okay?"
"I won't lie. It was... it was too close," Leo sighed. "The symbiote tried to poison her. I isolated it, but I had to block bloodflow to her brain until I could get the toxin screened out. She was brain-dead for about as long as someone can be and still come back. Brain damage appears negligible - the oxylin kept most of the cells from outright dying - and she is completely clear of the slightest trace of Goa'uld cells."
"No." Leo shook his head. "I did something horrible. I wasn't honest with you about how close it could get. I should have never made that promise.... funny thing is that I was so mad about the harm the Goa'uld was causing you two that I forgot about the harm I could cause."
"In a little bit. We're stabilizing her so I can have her transferred to the medbay for post-op care." Leo put a hand on his forehead. "She should be fine now."
"So... you got that thing out of her?", Jack asked. "Fully out? Because we've seen them get sneaky..."
Jack nodded and looked over at Daniel. He put a hand on his comrade's shoulder. "I'm happy for you, Daniel. We all are."
Hugs were given to Daniel and to Leo, save from Teal'c. He stayed in his corner, a slight smile on his face. When Leo finally stood he went over to him. "Thank you, Doctor. You kept your promise and you undid the damage I caused," Teal'c said in a low voice.
"I was Apophis' First Prime when he took Sha're," Teal'c explained. "I bear responsibility for what we done to her."
There was a chirp on Julia's multidevice. She brought her right arm up and pressed the device's receive key. "Andreys here."
Robert was on the other end. "Sensors are picking up an energy surge from the pyramid. Cat figures it's the Stargate activating. And the life signs are saying Jaffa and Goa'uld."
After giving a short time for his Queen to arrive, Apophis lost his patience and left the pyramid with his bodyguards. They emerged from the central portal and came to a stop beyond it, in the middle of two Horus Guard bodies. "You," Apophis hissed.
"Missed you too, buddy." Jack smiled. The rest of SG-1 stood around him. Robert was standing with Julia and Zack to their left, all in normal Alliance uniform.
"Sure, at least when it coms to the Queen." Robert smirked and looked to Jack. "You want to do the honors, Colonel?"
Daniel was not smiling like the others. His eyes were locked to Apophis with an intensity that could have melted the System Lord on the spot if it turned to heat. He reached down behind SG-1 and lifted a container. He took a few steps forward and threw it underhanded toward Apophis. "You want Amaunet. Here she is."
Apophis' eyes followed the container. The middle was transparent, allowing all to see the mutilated Goa'uld symbiote moving weakly in the teal-colored fluid that surrounded it. There was a harsh intake of breath.
"Sha're is free of you," Daniel continued, his voice full of anger. "And we're keeping the child you forced her to carry. You will never hurt her again."
When Apophis lifted his head again his eyes flashed. "You dare?", he said, his voice hoarse with rage. "I will destroy you for this."
On the dune looking down at the pyramid opening, two dozen figures shimmered into view. Commander Kane and his Marines leveled their assault rifles and turned on their aiming lasers. Red dots covered Apophis and his Jaffa. "Make one move against us and you get gunned down," Robert said.
"Captain Robert Dale, Starship Aurora, United Alliance of Systems. My friends Commander Julia Andreys and Commander Zack Carrey." Robert smiled thinly. "We're not from your universe. In fact, your kind look to be a pest limited to this one, and we'd be happy to deal with the problem if you make us. I'm offering you a chance now, Apophis. Stay away."
Robert chuckled softly. "I've got a platoon of Marines that say otherwise," he informed Apophis candidly. "Now, as I was saying... stay away from the planets in this part of the galaxy or the next time it'll be you that we tear out of a host." Robert reached for his multi-device. "Dale to Aurora, we're done here. Beam everyone up."
At that, every figure confronting Apophis was taken by white light. Looking down again at Amaunet in her container, Apophis screamed in impotent rage.
A number of figures were waiting when Sha're's eyes opened slightly. "Where am I?', she asked softly.
"You're on our ship," Leo answered her. He checked the biobed scanner screen. "It was very close, but you're going to be okay."
Leo left the couple and their friends to talk and went for his office. He found Julia at the door. "Good job," she said. "If you ever make a stupid promise like that again, I'm going to hit you."
Leo flashed a weak smile. "I'll ask you to." He entered the office and took his seat. Julia remaining standing in front of his desk. "I was such an arrogant idiot. That surgery was always going to be risky, even without getting chased through the atmosphere." He closed his eyes and massaged his forehead. "I swore to 'do no harm', Julia. And I came close, so close, to doing terrible harm."
"Leo, I'm more worried about the harm you're going to do to yourself," she said. "One of these days you're going to get a case like this with no happy ending. I don't want it to destroy you."
"I'm going to recruit Nasri to keeping you in line," Julia added. "Without stepping on your toes, of course."
"Of course," he agreed. Truth be told he wasn't happy with what she was saying, but from experience he knew Julia was... well, she was a big sister, maybe even a bit of a mom, when it came to worrying about the others. "Have you ever talked to a psychiatrist about these maternal impulses you feel toward the rest of us?", he asked aloud.
"Ha!" Julia shook her head, laughing. "Maternal my ass. I'm the First Officer, it's my job to keep you in line so you don't cause Rob headaches. He gets enough from being in charge."
"Sometimes I get the feeling he'd be happier if your roles were reversed," Leo remarked. "Can I do anything else for you, Commander?"
Meridina was assessing the daily reports made by Draynal during her time on Abydos when the chime to her office went off. She looked up and said, "Enter."
Lucy came through the door, wearing off-duty clothing - a blue blouse and white skirt - and carrying a pair of containers. "Hargert still had some of that sausage stew left," she explained. "You're okay with that?"
"You know, I don't think I've ever done something like that before," Lucy said as she sat down. "When I was bringing the St. Johns down... I... I had this feeling in my head. My instincts were against everything my instruments were saying."
"Instrument is accurate, but cannot account for outliers," Meridina remarked carefully. She kept her eyes on Lucy.
"Yeah, but.... and it's like, there was this voice in my head. It was saying 'trust your feelings'." Lucy shook her head. "I did... and I'll be damned, but we walked away from what should have been a crash."
"That was more than just piloting," Lucy insisted. "It was... it just didn't feel like I was just piloting. It felt different. I mean, is that how you feel? When you do that swevyra stuff?"
"It is very possible, yes," Meridina said delicately. "There are many beings who have connections to the wider cosmos, they simply never learn how to use their swevyra. They access it subconsciously, in moments of great stress and danger."
"Well, I'd call that situation 'stress and danger'." Lucy smiled. "But I'll shut up now because this stew is awesome and I let the last bowl I had get too cold."
Meridina nodded and took her first bite of the stew. She's opening her mind to it, Meridina thought. It won't be long.
Ship's Log: 29 March 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. We are preparing to leave orbit of Abydos. Doctor Gillam cleared Sha're to be taken out of the medbay and beamed down with SG-1, who are about to depart for Earth through the Stargate. My command crew and I will be going down to send them off.
It is my hope that the Alliance and Earth will open relations and that we can begin to aid Stargate Command in its efforts to gain protection for Earth against the Goa'uld.
"I will miss you, father." Sha're accepted the hug from her father, who bent over to embrace her in the anti-grav chair that Leo had insisted she take down. The baby remained asleep in her arms.
"You will always have your home here, Sha're," Kasuf assured her. He turned and faced Leo, who was standing beside Sha're. He had a necklace of sorts, with an Egyptian-like pictograph on both sides of the golden medalion. He pressed it into Leo's hands. "We made it for you, Healer. You saved my daughter from the demon and drove it out. We cannot reward you enough."
"I don't need a reward," Leo insisted, although he knew well enough to accept the medallion. He put it on and looked down at the pictographs. "What do they mean?"
"One names you a great healer," Daniel explained. "The other declares you have the power to ward off demons."
Leo nodded and bowed his head to Kasuf. "I'm thankful, sir. I have talked to other healers from my people, if you will accept us we will establish a clinic to help your people deal with sickness and disease."
"Your healers will be welcome, as will others of your people." Kasuf nodded to Robert. He looked at least to Daniel, who knelt before him respectfully. "Come, good son, stand. You kept your faith, I could ask for no better a son."
"Thank you, good father," Daniel answered. "I will continue to do my best to protect Sha're by serving with SG-1 and finding ways to defeat the demons."
"Forutne to you, good son. I know you will do whateveris necessary to take care of Sha're. And she will be there for you." Kasuf nodded one last time before looking to Robert. "Thank you for coming here. I fear what may have happened without you."
After exchanging quick nods with Julia and Zack, Kasuf left. This left SG-1 and Sha're facing the Aurora crew. Leo stepped away to join the others while Sam went up to the DHD. "A shame we couldn';t have you take us home," Jack said. "I'd love to be riding that big honking spaceship of your's right into orbit."
"It'd be fun," Robert agreed. "But we have our orders. Expect a contact team to try and reach you through Abdyos within a few weeks. In the meantime..." Robert indicated the boxes laden onto an anti-grav cart that Teal'c had his hand on. "Some parting gifts."
"Ah yes. We finally get some ray guns." Jack's eyes twinkled with joy. "I've been looking forward to that. Hey Zack, if you ever get to Earth, the beer is on me."
The Stargate came to life. A jet of energy erupted like water from the event horizon before it settled. Caterina squealed in delight. "It's so cool! I wanna go through it!"
"Sending the IDC now," Sam said. She looked back toward the Aurora crew. "I wish I'd gotten more time to look over your ship. We're not even close to building a spaceship yet."
"We'll have to fix that," Julia said, smiling. She looked to Sha're and bent over to rub the sleeping baby's head. "I hope you have a wonderful life, little guy."
"Oh, come on, what about me?" Jack shook his head. "Doesn't good ol' Uncle Jack get any consideration?"
"I have a confirmation signal from General Hammond," Sam said. "He wants us back for an immediate debriefing."
"Ah, well... guess it's time to get back." Jack stepped up and accepted Robert's outstretched hand. "Good luck out there, Captain Dale."
SG-1 took turns shaking hands with the command crew of the Aurora. Daniel took the handles of Sha're's anti-grav chair and Teal'c returned to the cart, which he pushed up to the Stargate and then pushed through. The five turned back and gave a final wave before they went through the Stargate. After several seconds the event horizon dissipated.
"Well, that was the most interesting survey mission we've ever done," Robert remarked wryly. "Everyone ready?"
There were chuckles at that. Robert brought his arm up and keyed his multidevice. "Dale to Aurora. Beam us up and break orbit. It's time to head out." White light covered them all a moment later.
Above Abydos, the Starship Aurora turned away from the desert planet. It moved through the light of Abydos' star, illuminating the ship's sleek azure form. Bright light surged in her four warp engine nacelles until they flashed, sending the Aurora and her crew on the way to their next adventure.
Ship's Log: 13 April 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. We're en route to the new colony of Adrana in M4P2 to investigate reports of unknown starships operating in the vicinity. Lieutenant Delgado is her usual ecstatic self, as our secondary mission will be to examine artifacts found not far from the main colony site. If indications are correct, there was a civilization on Adrana that died off eons ago.
Speaking of ecstatic occasions, I am being called upon to perform an old ritual for captains. It will, in more than one way, be a first for me.
The Lookout had been altered for the purpose at hand, with tables moved to the sides and the entire place spruced up to look like a wedding chapel which, for the moment, it was. Robert was in dress uniform; it was white where the standard uniform was black, with gold-embroidered epaulets on the shoulders and white gloves. Hell, he could have had a sword if he wanted.
The thought was funny. Wearing a sword on a starship? Talk about anachronism. Then again, he had a security chief who did just that. Yeah, but her sword only becames a blade when she presses a button. It's high tech, not like officer swords.
Robert forced himself to concentrate on the matter at hand. "As captain of the Aurora it is one of my many obligations to oversee this occasion amongst the crew, and as obligations go it is one that I find the most enjoyable. We are here to honor two of our crewmates, Lieutenant Agara Mayao and Lieutenant Alex Cross, as they give their vows to become husband and...." For a short second he stumbled over the word to come, forcing himself away from the usual that a lifetime of expectations had bred in him. "....husband."
The two men, a purple-skinned blue-spotted Dorei and a tan-skinned Human, smiled politely as they continued to hold hands.
At the bar, Zack was sitting alone and smiling wide, nursing a glass of root beer. He didn't really know the grooms; his smile was amusement at seeing Robert get through the ceremony despite the very... well, it was peculiar for them given where they grew up and when. Most of the later timeframe universes didn't seem to give as much of a damn. Though it's not just a gay marriage, it's a gay marriage with aliens, Zack thought. He applauded when the bracelets and rings were exchanged - a lot of Dorei preferred bracelets - because hey, why not? The new husbands certainly looked happy and joyful as they kissed. They looked content, like the entire world - or was it cosmos now? - was their's.
One of Hargert's assistants, Albert, stepped up across the bar. He had a German accent as well, even if not as thick as Hargert's. "Are you sure you don't want any of the celebratory wine? Or another drink? You're off-duty I thought?"
"No," Zack insisted. "I don't know if anyone told you my rules about this, Al, but.... I only occasionally have beer or something like it when Tom and I are hanging out. And I never have more than one."
Zack turned his head in time to see Julia approach. She was in dress uniform as well, but given how similar it was to normal uniform it did nothing to hide her gorgeous figure. "Lucky you, no dress whites," Julia said.
"Yeah, lucky me." Zack smiled thinly. "So, uh.... how many graves are rolling back home right now? I mean.... alien gay marriage and all."
Julia laughed harshly. "Yeah, I can imagine old Pastor Allen would be tearing Rob's name from the church membership roll. Well, unless he already did it over Duffy."
"There's a fun thought," Zack muttered. Underneath years of scabbed over feelings he could still feel a deep affection for her. She was nothing less than the perfect woman to him.
But he could never have her. Zack knew this. He'd gotten over most of the heartache in the years after high school, knowing there was no hope at all that he would be anything more than her friend.
The reason he didn't have a hope walked up. "I saw that jackass smile," Robert said with mock severity, wagging his finger at Zack. "I was starting to sweat for a moment there. I never thought I'd be marrying anyone, frankly."
"You did well enough." Julia patted him on the shoulder. "Beth would be proud of you. Of course, when it comes to everyone else.... Can you imagine Pastor Allen's reaction?"
"God, I can. I got caught with his daughter, remember?" Zack forced out a chuckle. "I thought he'd turn the entire county against me."
"Not over that," Julia remarked. She was grinning mischievously. "So, does this give you any ideas? We can't all stay bachelors, can we? Find any ladies to actually settle down with, ladies' man?"
Zack forced himself to smile. "I've never been in a relationship that could go that far." Which was the truth, and about the only thing he could say without going further than he'd want to.
"Ahah! No." Zack shook his head. "Not a word about Clara Davis. I'm not going to talk about it. It's done."
Julia giggled while Robert shook his head. "Somewhere in this wide Multiverse there has to be a potential Missus Carrey," Julia insisted. "You get enough women as it is."
"Yeah." You. It's you. After sighing and urging his heart to shut up Zack finished his drink. "Well...."
"Bridge to Captain Dale," Nick Locarno's voice said over the comm. "Sir, we're coming up on Adrana."
"Thank you, Nick," Robert said into his multidevice. "I'll be up shortly. Let Cat know to expect the artifacts soon."
"Hey, I've got nothing better to do right now," Zack murmured, setting aside his empty glass. "I'm going to help Science Girl get things sorted."
Another shuttle came into the shuttle bay, adjacent to where Zack's own ship the Koenig was berthed. He watched the Dorei craft land almost perfectly. The rear doors opened and a couple of Dorei, a purple-skinned and blue-spotted man and a dark teal-skinned light purple-spotted woman, emerged. Both were in loose-fitting, all-covering clothes with a variety of colors. Zack, for his part, was often a little weirded out by Dorei color tastes; varieties of green and purple and yellow and blue and teal, sometimes some reds.... and almost no sign of what he thought of as "earthy tones".
Behind them came a remote-controlled anti-grav cargo cart. Everything was boxed in it and marked with Dorei and English, but most looked to be the equivalent of pottery shards; in other words, very boring.
"Put them over here," Caterina said. She was in her usual choice of duty uniform with the knee-length skirt instead of pants and the dark blue of science for her color. She was not quite as enthusiastic as usual, although it was like saying it was only raining moderately instead of pouring. Cat's interests might be mostly in astrography and "space stuff", but ancient races were, well, ancient races. "A quarter of a million years? So that's why there's no sign of their cities and stuff." She opened a box. "A burial mound?"
"No, we think it was an old complex of some sort. They were an intelligent race, it looked to be some kind of bunker," one of the Dorei said.
The conversation continued in the background. As it did Zack took a box and opened it to see what was inside. It looked like a rusted piece of hardware, but it definitely had the appearance of a computer of sorts. "If they had computers, shouldn't we see the ruins of old cities or something?", Zack asked. "I mean, some things would last right?"
"It depends on what they made it out of," Caterina answered from where she was going over the manifest. "I mean, that's enough time for geologic changes to take place. Even metal will errode."
"Oh, sure. Yeah." Zack moved it back toward the box. A random thought slipped into his head, thinking of earlier. She asks me if I'll ever marry, and she's the only woman I'd ever thinking of taking that step with. And she doesn't even see me as anything more than her slightly perverted skirt-chasing childhood friend. He breathed in a sigh. The way things are going for me, I'm always going to be alone.
A light appeared on the ancient-looking computer thing. Zack brought it back up from where he'd nearly returned it to its box. Alien characters of some sort flashed across its surface as a hologram, their blue light dancing in his vision.
"....will take a few days to catalogue everything, of course, but...." Caterina was interrupted by a loud thump and a flash of azure light in her periphery. "Zack, please stop...." She turned to face him... and found him sprawled out on the floor. "....messing with... Zack!" She ran over to where he was and knelt down to feel his pulse. Seeing he was alive she turned to the trinket he'd been toying with, now latched onto his forehead. She grabbed it and sparks flew, a painful jolt making her cry out and fall back. She reached her hand over and hit her multi-device. "Delgado to medbay, medical emergency in Shuttle Bay 2! I need help!"
Zack opened his eyes and rubbed at his head. For a moment he'd forgotten anything except the pain in his head.
But when he moved further, he felt something on his legs. He looked down to see a set of standard sheets, like in his quarters on the Aurora. The light was dim, but there was light coming around the slide door to the bathroom and shower stall. The room looked rather larger than Zack's though. He sat up, holding his head and realizing that he was mostly unclothed now. Who undressed me? And why didn't they take me to medbay? As his headache pounded he thought he could hear running water in the background.
After a moment, Zack realized he knew what quarters he was in; the Captain's Quarters. Why would I be in Rob's room? He looked around, but he only saw some of his things on one wall. Trophies from high school, pictures from his time in the minors, a baseball mitt and an autographed baseball from the last team he'd been with.... this stuff was supposed to be in his room. There were a few pictures, but the light in the room was too low and he couldn't make out what was in them.
There was a tone from the nightstand nearby, recognizable as a call from the bridge. Zack reached over with his hand and smacked the key. "Yes?"
There was only a brief pause. "Oh, sorry, Commander. I didn't mean to wake you. I was trying to...."
The door to the bathroom opened and a figure stepped out. Zack turned and allowed his jaw to drop....
"I'm here, Jarod," Julia sighed. She was still dripping a little despite the red towel wrapped around her from below the shoulders to her hips. A second towel was wrapped up around her hair. "Is this about that meeting on Adrana?"
"They asked if they could delay it by two hours, there's some sort of issue with their preparations."
Julia nodded. "Fine, tell them that." She looked up at Zack and smiled. Smiled. He'd been expecting her to scream at him for being there when she came out of the shower. Except it's my room with all of my stuff being... wait, I'm still a Commander. With a lot of confusion Zack stood up and tried not to gawk. Granted, he'd seen her in far more revealing things than a towel wrapped like that (actually, he'd seen her naked once. Exactly once. It wasn't easy having a party in a house with only two bathrooms. He sometimes could swear he still had the resulting bruise). But here and now it seemed....
"What's up with you?" Julia's expression turned to bemusement. "Didn't sleep well again? After last night I would have thought..."
"Really? You forgot already? Zack Carrey forgot a night like last night?" Julia giggled. Giggled. And it wasn't her "You have amused me, annoying pervert" giggle, it was a giggle like... like... Like something in my dreams maybe. She stepped up to him. "Well, you haven't started getting ready yet, at least. And now I have an hour or two to spare...." She winked at him. "Looks like I can get a chance to jog your memory."
"Jog my...." Zack felt like his brain was trying to tell him something, but there was still a sharp pain there that was highly distracting.
The pain in his head melted. The sensation of the kiss made him come alive. Deep within him years of fantasy, of desire, of deep need soared up through him. He returned the kiss with all of the energy of a ravenous hunger finally being sated. Julia's eyes widened, but she didn't fight it.
The kiss lasted forever. Or at least it felt that way until his lungs reminded them they needed air. He broke the kiss and took in a deep breath. Julia did the same, a surprised smile on her face. "You haven't kissed me like that since our first time together," she said happily.
Zack simply stared at her. And then himself. And now, with the pain gone.... he could see things, even in the dim quarters.
Julia's right hand came up and took his. He noticed a sensation of something he had never felt before. He looked down and....
"So, Zack, we have a couple of hours we normally don't get. And since you seem to have a lot of trouble remembering last night..." She smiled enthusiastically at him and, with a motion of her hand, let the towel fall off of her. "I can't let my husband go forgetting things like that, can I?"
All sorts of things were going through Zack's brain. All sorts of details that were off, not to mention the fact that he could remember that alien device becoming active, the pain in his head and the sudden darkness. But looking into Julia's eyes, seeing her willing smile and with the sweet taste of her kiss still fresh....
He responded by kissing her again, and she returned it. They moved toward the bed and, as they did so, tears appeared in Zack's eyes.
Robert and Julia entered the medbay at almost the same time and made a beeline for the special care ward. Leo was already at the beside, looking over a scanner while Caterina used her own. "What the hell happened?", Robert asked.
"Zack was looking at one of the artifacts when it, I dunno, came alive," Caterina explained. "And then it lit up and he suddenly fell over. Now we can't get it off of his forehead."
"It looks like it's using a sort of biochemical bond," Leo explained. "It's tied to him at a cellular level. His brain activity is through the roof."
"And it's transmitting too. A constant beam transmission, definitely toward the planet." Cat checked her scanner again. "I don't get it. The Dorei scanned everything. It was all... dead, for lack of a better word. I can't figure out how it happened."
"I'm not sure," Leo admitted. "Like I said, brain activity through the roof. It's almost like he's awake and experiencing normal reality."
"No signs of REM or anything associated with a brain that's asleep. He's awake, it's just that.... his brain is being stimulated by something external."
"Bridge to Captain Dale." Locarno's voice came over the comm. "Sir, we're picking up a distress signal from the Dorei colony on Yamalia. They've been attacked."
Robert breathed in. "Crap. Okay, monitor him, maybe if we're lucky this thing has to be near the planet to work." He tapped his multi-device to open the comm line from his end. "Nick, set a course for Yamalia, Warp 9.6."
"THe reports said the unknown ships in the area were remaining at a distance of several parsecs," Julia said, frowning. "How did an attacker get through our long-range sensors?" She turned to start leaving the room, Robert following.
"Yamalia's a new colony, maybe they weren't given the best." Robert felt a gentle thrum under his feet; the Aurora had just leapt to warp.
Contentment mixed with fatigue filled Zack as he let his head rest comfortably on his pillow. Julia's head was nestled on his left shoulder, a thin sheen of sweat on both of them. "Mmmm... do you remember last night now?", Julia purred.
"Yeah," he lied. Or... was it a lie? He was feeling like he could remember the prior night. They'd had a private meal in their quarters, discussed a little bit of business...
But he'd been alone. And then there was that wedding that Robert had to preside over the next morning, and his going to the shuttle bay and messing with the artifacts Cat was going over. That memory was still there, at the edge of his thoughts, but it felt... slippery. Like it was draining away.
He took a deep breath and used his left arm to pull Julia a little closer. "I could just lay here with you all day," Zack admitted.
"Mmm.... as good as cuddling for an entire day sounds, I'm a starship captain and I've got work to do." She smirked at him. "Or rather, we're both starship captains, but you're the lazy one who spends all of his time hooked up to my ship."
The comm went off again. "Duty calls." Julia gave him a deeper kiss and reached over to press the button on the nightstand. "Captain Carrey here."
Julia was laying across him now, giving him a very pleasing view of her from the side. She looked back at him and smirked. "You've had this view before."
"We'll have to do it again sometime." She finished crawling over him and got out of the bed. "And I need another shower. And no, you can't come in with me, too distract...."
As Zack's cries filled the ward, Leo took a vial of something and fixed it into his hypospray. With Robert and Julia helping he pressed it against Zack's neck and depressed the trigger. "There, 20ccs of pain-inhibitor, it should..."
Zack kept screaming, thrashing enough that his arm pulled free of Robert's grip and slammed into Leo, knocking him back a bit. An inarticulate growl came from his throat. Leo glanced at the nearby screen. "EEG through the roof!" He looked to the nearest nurse. "Prep cortical stimulators! And find me a neural sedative!"
"No! Stronger!" Leo looked back to Zack, with Robert trying to hold his arm down again while Julia kept the other locked in place.
"The device is going haywire!", Caterina shouted. "It's... it's the loss of the signal! I think losing that signal to its home world... it's trying to restore it and that's frying Zack's brain!"
Robert swallowed. "No, no I wouldn't," he said, truthfully. He didn't want to have to make that kind of call. He shifted his grip on Zack's arm to touch his multidevice. "Locarno! Belay that last order! Get us back to Adrana, now! Maximum warp!"
The trip back to orbit was done more quickly, with the Aurora's warp drives at their maximum safe output. As soon as the ship dropped from warp Zack stopped moving, a cry stopping as it reached its crescendo. Leo checked the biobed sensors. "EEG is returning to the original level. Vitals are returning to normal...."
Robert nodded to Julia. She pressed a key on her multidevice. "Commander Andreys to Lieutenant Apley, I need the Koenig prepped for launch immediately."
Apley's response was immediate. "I'm gathering the crew Commander, we'll be ready to go in ten minutes."
"Of course." Julia smiled thinly at him before returning her eyes to the unconscious form of Zack. "Get better, Zack," she said to him softly. She gently hugged him on the shoulders before standing upright again and walking out of the ward.
"I'd better call up the ground teams, find out where this thing was found," Robert added. "Cat, be on standby, I'm sending you and Jarod to deal with it."
"And make sure to be quick about it," Leo called out, pointing at the EEG. "That didn't cause any damage itself, but Zack's brain can't do this forever. Eventually it's going to giveout."
Zack flinched as Leo ran his scanner over his head. "I'm not seeing any major problems here," he said. "What can you tell me?"
"Hrm." Leo touched a couple of controls. "Well, I can't see anything wrong now. Just try to take it easy for a couple of days and let me know if anything changes."
"Yeah yeah...." Zack thought for a moment about this being some kind of fantasy... but why? No, it wasn't was it? This was his life, and he had work to do. Although for some reason he couldn't remember, he wasn't looking forward to seeing Angel.
When Zack arrived on the bridge Adrana was slowly rotating below them. Tom Barnes, Nick Locarno, and Jarod were at their usual stations, but Tactical was manned by some dark purple blue-spotted Dorei. Angel stood up from the command chair and approached him. As she did so his eyes settled on her collar... and on the three gold stripes there. But if she's XO, where's Robert? He felt like he should know that, but he still wasn't sure what was going on in his head. "So, everything's quiet as usual huh?"
"Yeah. I'll be back in a couple of hours." Angel barely seemed to take notice of him, moving past him toward the turbolift. She gave an order to the lift as it closed.
Zack stared for a moment. She had been so... hostile just now. "I guess Angel's having a bad day," he said aloud.
Zack looked over at him. "Well, yeah, she's always been a bit surly with me, but..." ....but what? She hates you now. But... why does she hate me?
"Leave it alone, Zack. Remember, you promised to do that when we got our postings," Jarod reminded him... or at least intended to remind, since Zack didn't know what the hell he'd promised.
"I hope you enjoyed your extra hours this morning," Jarod remarked non-chalantly, seeming to smile a bit as he looked back. "You and the Captain."
"Okay okay. Jealousy is not becoming of you," Zack teased back. "So, eyes on boards, lets do our usual thing. You guys work, I sit here and look like I'm paying attention."
"Et tu, Jarod?" Zack shook his head. It felt good to spar with them, as always. But... why do I feel like they're a bit snarkier than usual?
Julia hadn't been in the Koenig command chair for quite a while, and being back... under the circumstances it didn't feel right. She could see some of the unease in the others too; Even if he'd only been their commander for half a year at this point, Apley and the others knew Zack in a way they didn't know her. Magda was the only old face she had on the crew now. She gave Julia a sympathetic look and looked back to her panels.
If Apley is ever replaced by a girl, I'll have to tease Zack about having his own harem, Julia thought with amusement, even if she felt a twist in her gut at the thought of never getting to tease her old friend again. "Status, Mister Apley?"
At first there was no response, but Apley suddenly shifted his head. "Oh, everything is ready, sir."
"Okay everyone, let's do this by the book. Take us out, Mister Apley. Set course for Yamalia and engage as soon as we're clear."
"Yes Commander." Apley pressed several keys. Under them the Koenig shifted slightly as she resumed powering herself. All connections to the Aurora were retracted and the smaller ship began backing out of its berth built into the back of the larger ship. Koenig's running lights came to life as she moved up and over the saucer section of the Aurora. "Course set for Yamalia."
At a press of a button, Magda cloaked the ship. Lights shifted to reflect the change in operating status. Moments later the ship jumped to warp.
"Captain, i understand the situation." The look on Governor Yalama's blue face, with his purple spot line framing it, showed he really didn't, or at least didn't care about what Robert needed. Even if he was in the confines of his office Robert tried to avoid letting his anger get the better of him here. "But the site in question is restricted. It's an archeological treasure, we can't allow military personnel to go tromping about in it."
"I understand, and I'm not sending such. Lieutenant Delgado is a scientist first and foremost. Commander Jarod, well, it wouldn't surprise me if he's done archeology professionally." Robert sighed and kneeled forward. "They'll take all necessary precautions."
"Governor, someone is dying right now because of something on that planet," Robert cut in, his patience wearing dangerously thin. "We're not going to harm the site, but we need to find out what this thing is."
"I need some kind of assurance, Captain. Our colony is relying on the funding we're getting from the High University of the Lushan. If I have to tell their archeological department that the site was ruined by Stellar Navy personnel, why, I..... they could pull their support, Captain!"
Robert drew in a sigh, trying not to feel aggravated. Going higher would not be the smart thing to do. "What if I sent a swevyra'se of Gersal with them?", Robert finally asked.
Yalama's jaw dropped. "You're serious?! I've never heard of such a thing..." He became mindful of his less than dignified expression and closed his mouth. "Captain, I will give your officers access if you send this swevyra'se with the team. I will see them and get their promise to maintain the integrity of the site."
Robert nodded. "I'll send them down immediately." When Yalama disappeared from his screen Robert hit his multidevice comm button. "Dale to Meridina."
"I'm going to have to send you down with Jarod and Cat, it's the only way to get Governor Yamala's cooperation."
Angel had given Zack the stinkeye when he left the bridge, leaving him to wonder just what the hell had gone on to make her angry with him.
He returned to the Captain's Cabin to change the sheets and make the bed. As Zack did so he let his thoughts try to make everything in his head ordered. He had memories of getting zapped by a weird thing and now he was married to Julia, Julia was captain of the Aurora, and Angel was her XO and seemed to hate him now. But... wasn't that how it had always been? Why did he feel like he shouldn't be married to Julia, to his beloved wife, the woman he'd give everything for? And why was he surprised that Robert was missing....
Zack's heart froze as he considered those two facts. Angel was mad at him. Robert was missing. He wasn't here. Something happened.
But... why am I surprised? I shouldn't be. Of course something happened. It hurt but... why do I feel like I saw Robert just hours ago?
"Awaiting request." The feminine voice was its usual dull, lifeless self; Carlton Farmer had personally determined the voice used and based it, like so many other things, on things from Starfleet.
"Robert Allen Dale," Zack said in irritation. "From my home universe. My best friend. That Robert Dale."
"Accessing.... Robert Allen Dale. Member of Darglan Facility H1E4 Council. Commanding Officer in Facility Armed Service. Current Status: Deceased."
The words struck Zack with such force that he almost fell into the loveseat, catching himself at the last minute in order to actually sit normally. He took a breath and felt like it hurt. Most of all, he was confused, very confused, that he was so surprised. Dammit, Rob's alive, you just saw him! I know I just saw him today! "Wha..... what happened?", he forced himself to say.
Zack was silent after that. The Daleks of Universe W8R4, the weird things that looked like peppershakers and which had carved a swath of bloody destruction in the Facility, had nearly killed them all. They'd lost Carlton Farmer, almost lost Angel, and they'd blown up the Kelley and with it the Facility. And we lost Rob too. But we didn't? I, I could swear we... Zack closed his eyes. This is how I got married to Julia?
The door slid open and Julia entered. She saw him sitting and the confusion and bewilderment on his face. Her expression shifted to show sympathy. "Is something wrong?"
Everything feels wrong and it shouldn't. Robert being dead, our marriage, Angel hating me.... Aloud his response was, "I was, well, I was thinking about Rob."
Julia nodded. Her eyes lowered. "I do a lot too. Sometimes I can't believe he's gone." She walked over and sat beside him. His remark had clearly cut into her heart in a way he'd never met to.
Zack took her hand and held it with his own. "How was work, honey?", Zack asked, looking to get their minds off the subject.
"Oh, the usual. The Governor and his advisors were being all nice and diplomatic and talking about their ruins and how they need more protection." Julia cuddled up to him. "So... I have a few hours of reports to do and file off for Admiral Maran, but when I'm done I hear Hargert is making some excellent things for tonight."
"Why not? We can't always eat in here." Julia smiled at him. "I..... may have let slip to him that you had a bad morning, so he's going to add some oysters to our meal."
"I wasn't looking to be subtle," she answered. Her green eyes lit up as she kissed him on the mouth.
The excavation stretched out around Caterina, Jarod, and Meridina as their shuttle came in to land. "A good thing the Governor has such a high opinion of you," Jarod remarked.
"Many Dorei have an appreciation for my order," Meridina answered. "Even regardless of theological differences."
The shuttle landed and they disembarked. As they came up to an elevator lift they were met by a blue-skinned, teal-spotted Dorei male in a green coat. Alien characters were stitched into it. "Doctor Pagar," Meridina said, nodding respectfully.
"Swevyra'se," Pagar replied respectfully. "We've gone over the telemetry you provided. We think that one of our newest tunnels leads to the point you seek. Please, follow me."
They went with Pagar onto the lift. Within seconds they were underground and the lift didn't seem to be slowing. "This is pretty far down," Jarod noted.
"At least four yems," Pagar replied. "I believe that would be about three kilometers for you. And the deepest tunnels seem to have been dug as far down as ten yems, though many were clearly incomplete."
"We found remains that hint it was more than just a home," Pagar anaswered. "We think it was a bunker. But we've found no sign of remaining life, so we have to assume the garrison here abandoned the base."
The lift came to a stop. A hover cart was waiting for them with an assistant at the wheel. "Please, we still have quite a drive to go," Pagar said.
"We have signal boosters," Pagar replied. "They should permit you to maintain a constant channel regardless of any interference."
A horrified-looking Dorei woman, with teal complexion and purple spotting, was on the Koenig's main viewer. Her purple eyes were focused intently on them. "We just got full communication back up," she said. "They spent hours hunting for people through our colony. They were throwing them into cages and dragging them off!"
Julia's hands clenched the chair arms. Slavers. Bastards. "Can you tell us anything about the ship? Why wasn't it picked up on long range sensors? Was it cloaked?"
"No. It... it didn't seem to use warp, there was a sudden Doppler shift and it appeared over our planet. Their first volley hit our subspace transmitter."
"No. There was another Doppler shift and they were gone." The governor of Yamalia put a hand on the cut on her chin. "They... they took my children, Commander. Please get them back. Please!"
Magda was examining things on her screen. "it looks like their comm system failed again. Unless we go to Yamalia I can't tell you if they'll be able to get it back up or not."
"If we go to Yamalia they might get away." Julia frowned and hit a key to bring up an astrographical map. Yamalia flashed blue, as did Adrana. "Magda, can you access those reports on ships spotted on long range?"
"Doing so now." Magda entered the relevant commands. Several systems rimward of the Dorei colonies lit up. "There was no activity on long range sensor to indicate warp systems in use."
"I'm checking..." Magda went over some of the records and reached for her multidevice. "Navaez to Derbely. Karen, I'm relaying readings to your station in Engineering. Can you tell me what you see?"
"Alright." There was a pause on the other end. "...okay, what is this from? That subspace pulse is positively humungous."
"As good a place as any to check," Julia said. "In the meantime, I want every band of subspace scanned. If they're not using warp drives, maybe their FTL uses a different band."
The vehicle came to a stop at one end of the excavation. Pagar led the three through a circular-looking door and into a smaller chamber, not quite fifteen feet high. Caterina looked down at her multidevice and brought up a holographic display. "Wow... we've definitely got something powered up down here."
Caterina focused her scans on the center of the chamber. A quarter million years had caused fading of color and such, but being underground had preserved the site. There was the clear indication of computer interfaces, flat slab, and a cylindrical device that now hummed. Blue light flickered within. On the closest side of the device was an empty table of some form. "It looks like the microfusion system they put in it is the main source of power." Caterina tapped buttons, showing different scan results. "This is why it lost contact with the device on Zack. This thing can't communicate over extrasolar distances."
"I'm not sure. I'm afraid if we mess with it too much it might hurt Zack again." Caterina went up to an old display. "What do we know about this?"
"Almost nothing. The internal parts include data drives and other machinery, but we've never seen anything like it," Pagar replied.
"No, we also found fossilized remains from what we presume to be the natives of Adrana," Pagar explained. "Many of them spread around the chamber. It seems to be the result of an accident of some sort. Several of the remains showed signs of cellular modification before their demise."
"Sounds nasty." Jarod ran a hand over one of the metal surfaces. "Alright, I'll see if I can get something like a control system up. Cat, can you...?"
"I'll handle scans," Cat replied. "Meridina, I'm sorry but I don't think there's anything you can do."
"I understand. This is not my specialty." Having said that, Meridina looked around consciously. This place had a terrible history, she felt. Despair and rage danced at the edge of her senses, never quite strong enough to get her attention but there in some way. "But I will remain nevertheless. I feel as if I will be needed."
After dealing with his duties for the day, Robert returned to the medbay and took a seat beside Zack in the care ward. Leo came in a few minutes later. "How's he doing?", Robert asked.
"He's stable," Leo replied. He shook his head. "I've investigated every possible way to get that thing off of him. But the connection its formed with his brain is just too powerful. If I try anything to remove it, anything, odds are the backlash will kill Zack."
"There's always hope." Leo put a hand on his friend's shoulder. "Cat and Jarod will find out what this thing is. And maybe there's a way to turn it off."
"Yeah." Robert put his face in his left hand. "Leo... do you ever think we were wrong to bring Zack out here?"
"What I mean is.... we all had our reasons to want to use the gifts of the Facility. But Zack didn't care about it. The only reason he's here is because we're here. Our friendship pulled him here with us."
"Maybe he would have been better off staying home," Robert thought aloud. "He wouldn't be laying here dying."
"Think of all the times Zack came through for us, Robert." Leo shook his head. "And..... Robert, let's be honest. His life was just as directionless as your's. This was good for him."
"A mean old drunk is not a family," Leo retorted. "We are his family, Robert. Even if he's not sure what to do out here, that wouldn't change. And we would be a hell of a lot worse off without him."
"No, I got it all done. I think it's best that I, uh, stay here." Robert smiled thinly. "Julie and Tom can't be here, so I will be."
"Your choice. I'll have Nasri get a cot." Leo patted him on the shoulder again. "Just remember to get rest."
The dinner in the Lookout was as good as it ever got. Zack was in a casual long-sleeve button down shirt, blue and red in line patterns, while Julia had gone for a short-sleeved green blouse and matching skirt. It felt good to be out of uniform. Whatever this was - in his head, an alternate timeline of some sort, or a dream - Hargert's cooking was as good as ever, although as it turned out he had not added oysters to the meal, instead insisting on cooked salmon as the main seafood course.
They had made small talk at first, the kind of talk Zack always imagined a married couple would make when they weren't discussing "important business". Then there was silence as the food was served and they focused on eating. Zack used the time to think, to come to terms with, well, everything. This world was wrong but it wasn't. He was remembering so many details now but they seemed..... fake. Like it wasn't what really happened. There was a corner of his head
"I'm just wondering if I can get Angel to look at me like she used to, as her annoying lecherous friend," Zack remarked.
"She loves him. Loved. Even if they couldn't make it work." Zack took a quick bite. "I just wish I knew why she hated me so much now."
"She blames you," Julia said, her tone indicating she was a little miffed at having to remind him. "I... Zack, please? Another topic? I don't want to talk about Rob."
"Yeah, sorry." Zack took another bite and finished it. He couldn't think of anything else to say for the moment. I know how much it'd hurt if Rob had died back then in the real world. But something doesn't seem right. What is going on here?
Jarod brought his scanner away from the machine, examining his multidevice. "This technology has some familiar mechanics," he said, looking over to where Caterina was examining the flat table. "It reminds me of the Darglan brainwave infusers we had in the Facility. The emitter systems and the data flow going through them is similar."
"So this thing connects to brains and downloads data?' Caterina shook her head. "Wait, no.... it's not just that." She ran her own scanner over the far section of the device, near one of the prods of blue light. "Jarod.... these scans of the datastream... look at this."
Meridina watched passively as Jarod walked over and used his scanner on the device as well. "It's not one way," Jarod said. "This... this connection is a two way data stream." He and Cat looked at each other with realization.
"So that's why Zack's brain is so active," Cat murmured. "This thing is actively communicating with him on a neurological level!"
"And it's not letting go," Jarod added. "We need to find a way to make it do that. I'm analyzing the device's data systems now, maybe there's a port we can use..." He walked around it, holding out the scanner from his multidevice and looking at the data on the pop-up holo display. As he stepped up to the table and followed his scans, he looked to the table and to the device. His hand reached up and gripped the side of a slight extension. A grunt came from him as his arm tensed and he visibly pulled. There was the sound of protesting metal. Jarod frowned and pulled harder. As he went to bring his second hand up, Meridina stepped up beside him and laid a hand on it. "What are you doing?", Jarod asked.
"My swevyra will suffice and not risk damaging the device," she answered. Meridina focused on it and felt her life force take hold of it, finding the rails within that were rusted and old and locked in place. With effort her power began to force it loose, just enough energy applied to break the eons of immobility and allow the device to come all the way out. It gave way with a metallic shriek and the painful screech of metal forced across metal. The protrusion came all the way out.
Jarod looked from it to the table and back. It fit right over the head of the table, giving maybe ten centimeters of clearance. He ran the scanner over it. "It's an interface," he said. "So someone can lay here and connect to the system."
"Yes." Meridina swallowed and closed her eyes. She'd felt pain on this thing. Like the life that was once here had reached out to her, full of loss and terror and despair..... indeed, hopelessness itself. What happened here?, she thought to herself. "Could someone interface with it here? Maybe we could find the control."
Dinner was over and Julia and Zack were heading back to their quarters. His arm was in her's and Zack, for all he was still uncertain, couldn't stop enjoying his life as it was now. Even with Robert gone, everything seemed to be happy for him. Rob would want this, he assured himself. He'd want me and Julie to be happy. I know him.
As they approached their quarters they found Angel standing outside of them. She barely seemed to acknowledge Zack's presence, focusing her view on Julia. She handed her a tablet. "First long range scans. Cat hasn't found anything yet."
Angel stared daggers at him. Julia looked at them with concern. "What did I say?", Zack asked. He didn't flinch from Angel's angry look. "Angel, please? This isn't how things should be."
"You're right, they're not," Angel hissed. "Robert should be alive. If anyone should be dead, it should be you."
"I know what you did, you bastard," Angel growled. "Nobody will believe it from me, but I know. So go to Hell." She pushed past him and stormed off.
"Only because of Cat and Leo. And it's only a matter of time before she..." Julia put a hand to her forehead. "Please, Zack. The night is going so well. Please?"
Zack looked at the corridor Angel had departed down. He swallowed and looked back at Julia - at his beautiful, suffering wife - and forced a smile to his face. "For you, of course." He put his arms around her sides and pulled her close. "For you, anything..."
Despite himself, Zack's heart lifted with joy at feeling Julia in his arms and the love she was directing toward him. When she kissed him it made him stop thinking about Robert again. He didn't resist as she pulled him into their quarters.
By this point the ship tremored beneath their feet as its warp fields disengaged and it decelerated to sublight. Magda was looking over her sensors intently. "I'm picking up a really big mass along the outer edge of the system, near the second-largest gas giant. It has an active subspace signature."
"I'm... not sure. It doesn't appear to be entirely active, it just has an active subspace signature."
"Take us in Apley," Julia ordered. "As soon as we're close enough, give me a life sign scan. Let's see if they have any Dorei."
The Koenig moved in at full impulse, closing the range quickly. The ship was unlike anything Julia had seen. It had no visible warp drive system, being instead a long, fat vessel of brown coloration with visible weapon emplacements on the hull and large ports. "It's some kind of carrier, isn't it?"
"I don't know. I'm reading lots of life signs aboard. Various aliens I've never seen... and some Humans, sir," Magda added.
"Humans?" Julia put a hand on her chin. "We haven't met the local Humans yet. Can you give me anything on the ship's function?"
"It's a carrier or transport of some sort, I can't give you more than that," Magda answered. "Wait... I'm getting a subspace surge nearby. It's fairly slow, about Warp 4 in comparison at best. ETA thirty minutes."
"Yes and no, Commander," Magda replied. "Its drive has some warp field effect, yes, but it's not a full warp system like we have. The subspace signature is a side effect of the drive field instead of being part of it like a normal warp field. And the mass is way off for a ship of its size."
"Then it's probably our raider." Julia swallowed. "Code Yellow. Standby for Code Red. I want scans when that ship comes in."
Meridina shifted herself a little on the ancient table, looking right up at the interface she'd pulled out. Caterina stood nearby while Jarod was fussing with his multidevice. "The control surfaces to this thing were smashed, so I have to do the controls remotely," he explained. "Are you sure about this?"
Jarod breathed in a sigh. "Okay. To recap, this will let you enter the datastream the device is sharing with Zack. You'll be experiencing the same thing he is. I'm not sure if you'll be able to do anything inside to break the connection, but see what it does let you do. Cat will be monitoring you while I...." He tapped another button and winced. "....keep trying to find out how this works."
Meridina quietly whispered a prayer to the Light and waited. Blue light gathered in her vision. "Activating interface.... now," she heard Jarod say.
The blue light became a beam that hit her forehead. Intense pain stabbed into her head and Meridina cried out before everything went black.
Zack was laying in bed, Julia spooned up beside him. Her eyes were closed as she slept peacefully under his arm. The sight of her so happy, so content, and in his arms as his wife... why wouldn't that part of his head which remembered the device go away? This was his life. The contentment he felt here... it was unlike any he'd known.
I have everything I could want, he thought. Well, almost everything... but why don't I feel more upset about it? My best friend is dead in this world.
There were alert tones from the biosensors watching Zack. Robert looked up and saw one line becoming more active. "Leo!", he shouted.
"It could be," Leo replied. "If that thing is intensifying the connection it could do permanent damage."
"We hooked Meridina up to the machine to see what's going on. That device is expanding the bandwidth of its signal to interact with both."
"We're monitoring from here, if it gets too high we'll pull her out. But I'm not sure how we can get Zack out from here. Even if we take out the device I'm worried that feedback might hurt Zack anyway."
Zack opened his eyes and looked up. Meridina was standing at the foot of the bed. "Meridina, what the hell?!", he shouted.
Julia stirred as well, looking up. She looked bewildered and irritated as she held the sheet up over herself. "What are you doing?!," she demanded. "Why are you in our room?!"
Meridina, for her part, was quiet for a moment. Zack realized something was off when he saw she was in her brown robes and purple combat suit, not her usual duty uniform. "Commander Carrey," she repeated. "I..... I was not aware of just what the device was doing in interfacing with your brain."
"Device? What device?" Julia looked at her like she was mad. Zack, however did not. He felt like someone had just stabbed him in the heart. Memories flooded into him. "Meridina, I...."
Zack drew in a breath. He remembered the shuttle bay. The device with blue holo-characters appearing over it. "No, she's not," he said hoarsely, thinking his heart would stop.
He gave a reassuring look to Julia. "Whatever's happening, dear, I'll see what's going on. Don't worry. I love you." He kissed her on the mouth.
Julia accepted the kiss happily. As they kissed Zack again felt himself grow sure that this was the real world, his suspicions being.... nothing?
"I think I'll go take a shower," Julia said, giving a trusting look to Zack before slipping out from under the bed with the sheet over herself.
When the door was closed Zack looked up at Meridina. "So this isn't real?", he said. His voice trembled more than he wanted it to.
"You are..... attached to some form of device," Meridina explained. "It's connected to an underground computer on the planet, a very ancient computer. Jarod and Caterina discovered a way for me to join the datastream connecting you." She looked over to the shower. "I..... did not anticipate what I would find."
Meridina looked at him with concern. "You seem hostile. I... did not mean to intrude upon the fantasy the machine constructed."
Zack leveled a look at her. As much as he'd known there was something off, having the memories come flooding back in by Meridina's presence hurt. He wasn't married to Julia at all. She still saw him as she always did, she didn't love him like he wanted her to.
"The device started to erode your memories. It made the simulation the real world to your senses," Meridina explained carefully. "And it formed that simulation from what it found inside you."
They turned and faced Julia, now in normal duty uniform. But it was her and it wasn't. Her voice was echoing slightly, a second voice within it. Her skin began to take on a pinkish tint. "The being called Meridina is interfacing with me directly instead of through my remote connection," the fake Julia explained. "I cannot construct a world for her."
The fake Julia looked at Zack with an expression of happiness... but with the demeanor of a pained being. "I am All That Remains. I am the Last Hope. And I have been alone for so many thousands of cycles." She walked up and pressed her hands to Zack's. "I never thought another being would be with me again. But then you took up my remote. I felt you, knew you to be as lonely as I. So I brought you here so we could be happy."
"Only because you are here," the alien pointed out. "Leave us and Zachary will be fine. He will be with me and he will be loved. He will never be alone again."
"He already lost them." The fake Julia sat beside Zachary and embraced him. "But here it will be okay."
Zack was staring off into space by this point. "This was all a lie?", he said to the fake Julia. "You took these bits from my head and built a lie I would accept?"
"I created the world you wanted," the being replied. "I wanted you to be happy with me. And I know you were. I felt it in you."
"No." Fake-Julia shook its - her? - head and brushed his chin with her hand. "Zachary, your memories of the world you knew slipped because nothing holds you to them. You are alone. I felt it, it is why I picked you. It is why I wanted to help you. To be with you. When we are together your mind gives up the old world to embrace what I offer."
"I am everything she is in your mind." Her hands took his cheeks. "I became her for you. I showed you the love you've sought from her for so long. And once this being leaves you'll forget about this. We'll be together. We'll be happy."
"It will be a lie. A simulation," Meridina reminded him. "It will kill your body. You'd be trapped in here forever."
At first Zack was resistant to the kiss, barley letting their lips made contact. His heart ached at knowing the truth. But she was so loving, so insistent, that he relented. He let her kiss him and his hurt began to fade away. This is my world passed through his head.
Suddenly he was jerked back from the kiss. Meridina pulled him off and toward the other side of the room. The fake Julia scowled at her. Zack looked up at her in shock. "What did you do that for?!", he demanded.
"Zachary, this thing is able to interfere with your mind," Meridina explained. "I sensed it. It's making you forget about your life."
Zack looked at the doppelganger. He could feel his memories flooding back, as sharp as before. "What are you doing for me?"
"I am easing your pain," fake-Julia explained. "Your memories of the old world will only make you confused. With me, it means nothing."
"It is what made you who you are," Meridina reminded him. She looked to the being. "I know you mean no ill, but this is not the right thing. You are taking away his life to make your own existence happier."
"I have seen his life, mind-walker," fake-Julia replied. "He would be happier here! He would be loved!"
Meridina looked from Zack to the being. "Why would you remove Robert? He and Zachary are close, surely..."
"I created this world from the desires and feelings of your heart," fake-Julia explained. "Robert Dale is dead here. He is dead because you wanted it so."
Meridina blinked and looked to Zack, who stared intently at the being wearing Julia's body. "No," he said. "No, he's, he's my friend. He's my friend, dammit. I don't..."
"But you do," the being said. "I felt it deep inside you, in the shadows of your being. I sensed your thoughts and I made it true."
Julia was watching the big vessel intently when the timer wound down. "Unknown ship dropping into subluminal speed," Magda reported. The ship that appeared looked to be a winged vessel with similar coloring. It banked close to the larger one, clearly on a docking approach.
"Scanning now..." Magda looked up and back to Julia. "Reading several dozen Dorei life signs, Commander."
"We got 'em." Julia put on her harness. "Code Red! Sherlily, lock weapons on their engines, I don't want them docking with that carrier. Navaez, send a signal to Aurora, let them know we're engaging." Hopefully they've sorted Zack out...
The Koenig turned to face the raider ship. Magda decloaked the ship as it accelerated to combat velocity. Power shifted through the vessel's distribution conduits, going from the cloaking device to the pulse phaser cannons and torpedo launchers. Amber fury erupted form Koenig's emitters and slammed into the engine ports on the vessel. A hull-tight field briefly coalesced before failing; explosions ripped through the engines and caused the vessel to lose its forward acceleration.
"Direct hit," Sherlily reported. "It looks like their shields are tuned for kinetic resistance, the phasers were totally effective."
Julia cleared her throat. "Unknown vessels, this is Commander Julia Andreys of the Alliance Starship Koenig. You have taken prisoners from an Alliance colony and are ordered to stand down. Repeat, stand down."
The Koenig began to twist and turn through space. The big ship's turrets tracked and began firing. There were bursts of energy but no visible energy weapon fire. Nevertheless the ship rocked hard. "Shields holding at ninety percent," Magda reported. "I got the shields back up in time. First load of Dorei transported to the infirmary, Doctor Opani reports they're fine."
"Looks like low cee-fractional rounds," Sherlily answered. "With a lot more power than they should have looking at their ship's power signature."
"Their guns have a subspace field present," Magda added. "It looks almost like a mass-lightening field for a starship."
"Whatever they are, they pack a punch," Apley pointed out. "I'll keep evasives up, but I don't think we should lower shields until we take those weapons out. It's going to ruin our day if we get hit without shields, even with the armor."
"That carrier is moving toward the raider." Magda focused on her screens again. "I think they're going to try to grapple it at close range."
"Then we'd better take them out of the fight. Target the big ship's weapon emplacements. Sherlily, fire when you've got a shot, torpedoes and phasers. Apley..."
The look of horror on Zack's face caused Meridina to put a hand on his shoulder. "Zachary, I have seen your heart," she said softly. "Your devotion to your friend is true. Whatever this thing has found..."
"You set this thing up so that he died when the Daleks attacked the Facility," Zack said to the fake Julia. "Why did you pick that?"
The quarters around them shifted. Suddenly they were on the bridge of the Aurora. Zack, Jarod, Caterina, and Locarno were visible on the bridge at various stations. "This is when you freed the ship during the Dalek attack, isn't it?"
"Yes," Zack murmured, walking up to where his counterpart was sitting at the tactical station, oblivious. It was as he remembered....
Then it wasn't. He was watching his hands turning the tactical station into an auxiliary transporter control. The display showed him locking on to a life sign on the Kelley... even as another friendly one blipped strongly in the Facility structure near Control. Julia and Rob, he thought. "I remember wishing I could have just beamed them out," he said. "I didn't dare. I wasn't good at it, and I didn't know if the Daleks would exploit it..."
But the other him did. He finished the lock on and beamed Julia out. She materialized on the bridge, bewildered. "Send me back!", she shouted. "I'm trying to save Rob!"
The other him looked down. He could get a lock on Robert. Zack urged him to do it. "Yeah, if you can get her," he muttered to himself, in more ways than one, "you can get him. Do it!"
The other him didn't. He stared at the screen and then looked back up to Julia. "I'm sorry, I... I can't get a lock."
Zack looked down at his counterpart's screen again. Robert's life sign entered Facility Control. Sensors picked up energy fire, but nothing removed the signatures of the Daleks. He's shooting the controls to keep them from using them, Zack realized. "Beam him out dammit! Do it now!"
"I'm sorry, Julie," his counterpart said. "Rob's... he's gone." His counterpart's voice was hoarse with grief and..... conflict?
Meridina remained silent, looking from the fake Zack to the real one, while Julia collapsed on the bridge deck and started crying. Around them the Aurora was moving to the portal out of the Facility, heading to safety. The other Zack got up and went to Julia, taking her in his arms and letting her cry.
Zack stared at her in horror. He backpedaled until he hit the wall and could slide down to being seated. As this happened his mind raced and he felt his heart grow heavy. He'd never kill Rob. He'd never...
But.... he'd had the occasional dream, hadn't he? What if his friend had gone off to a heroic end and left the field open for him to be with Julia. No harm in thoughts of what might have been since they'd not happened, right?
And maybe, just maybe, a devil on his shoulder talking about how it'd be okay if it happened because he'd have what he wanted...
Caterina looked up from another scan of Meridina's brain. "Everything seems normal. I mean.... nothing's changed since we put her in."
Jarod looked up from where he was on a knee, scanning the base of the device. "That's a good sign. I'm still not having any luck in finding an off switch." He tapped his display several times. "This thing was used, Cat."
"Back when it was made. There's still miniscule bits of data in the backup RAM sections. Someone fired it up and then it was turned off, or forcefully shut down." Jarod tapped a few more keys. "I wish I could find a way to see what happened. If we see how their startup sequence went, it might tell us a safe shutdown."
The Koenig bridge rattled as more shots pounded the attack ship's shields. "Shields down to fifty percent," Magda reported. "The last hit did some damage to our dorsal armor."
On the screen more phaser fire erupted, slamming through the big raider-carrier's shields and blowing apart one of its turrets. "How close are they to that crippled raider?", Julia asked.
"Less than one hundred kilometers now," Apley answered. "At this rate we're not going to be able to stop them from grappling."
"Then let's do something else. Bring us back to the raider." Julia tapped a button to connect to engineering. "Derbely, I need all power to shields, engines, and the tractor beam."
Julia didn't have to give the actual order. As they moved by the crippled vessel a blue beam erupted from the Koenig's belly and grabbed the ship. The Koenig manuevered hard, evading several shots as it did so, and in doing so pulled the raider away so its mother ship couldn't grapple it.
More ships like the raider they'd crippled appeared, twinned with small strike fighters. The enemy forces spread into three formations and moved toward Koenig. "They're going to try and box us in," Julia remarked. "Apley, maintain evasives, give Sherlily shots whenever you can."
Zack looked past her to Meridina. "I should stay here, you know," he mumbled. "They'd be better without me."
"Am I? Look at this!" He stretched his hand out to the now-frozen vista around them, his mirror image holding a sobbing Julia closely with a mixed expression on his face. "I... I don't want to be this."
"You heard her!" Zack pointed to the fake Julia. "This is from me! There's a part of me, deep down, that would kill my best friend!"
"We all have darkness inside of us, Zachary." Meridina's expression was one of understanding and a bit of sadness. She approached him and knelt beside him. "I have seen your heart. It is one of light. You are a good man who loves his friends and would do anything for them."
"For what, though?", fake Julia asked. "They pulled him into a life he did not want. The one he loves will never accept him. What have they left him, mindwalker?"
"Their love, their affection," Meridina answered. "They will always be there for you, Zachary. Always. You know this in your heart."
Zack blinked tears in his eyes. "How can I face them again knowing I'm capable of something like this?"
"Zachary, just because the darkness within you has created thoughts does not mean you would fulfill them," Meridina took his hand. "Please, Zachary. It's time for you to come home."
"I won't let you take him, mindwalker!", the fake Julia declared. "I've been alone for so long, I won't let you!"
Meridina turned and tried to defend herself, but the fake Julia was impossibly quick here, in her habitat. She was suddenly on top of Meridina, her hand gripping Meridina's face on the temples, forehead, and sides of the chin.
The scream got the attention of both Cat and Jarod. Jarod looked up from the machinery as Cat ran her scanner over Meridina. "The device is pouring large emounts of energy into her brain, I think it's attacking her!", Cat cried.
Caterina was already on it, using the controls set up in her multidevice to cut the datastream. The blue light pressing into Meridina's head disappeared. She sucked in pained breaths and remained laying there, almost unmoving. "You didn't press anything, did you?", Cat asked cautiously.
Meridina let out a low moan but didn't awake. "And it really got her, I'm not sure how long it'll be before she can wake up," Caterina said. "We should have her beamed up."
There was a sudden rumble that grew until it threw them off their feet. Explosions echoed in the distance and dust and rock fell over them as the cavern shook with brutal intensity. "What..?!"
"The signal..." Jarod pulled himself up as the shaking stopped. "It looks like there was some kind of buildup in the device triggered by our devices' communication signals. Once it detected an active transmission not linked to the device, the buildup triggered and blew out a couple of the secondary reactors. These old shafts weren't meant for that kind of explosive power."
Zack watched Meridina disappear from the grip of the device being. "What did you do to her?!", he demanded.
"The others removed her from my systems," the being replied in its melodic cadence. "They have been poking around my shell for some time."
"She was trying to take you away from me," the being protested. "It will not matter. She exists here too. You will know her." She approached him. "Let us be together. Nothing else will matter."
Around them the room returned to the Captain's Quarters. She approached Zack, her intent clear. As she reached for him, he stepped out of reach. This made her look at him. "What is wrong?"
"I'll be in a heaven I didn't earn," Zack retorted. He drew in a breath. It sounded so good, so tempting. Forget the life he'd left behind and live here forever.
"I can undo that if you wish," the being answered, seeing his thoughts. "I did not realize that not all of your thoughts were part of what you truly were. I can rewrite the world. You would have Julia. Robert would be alive and happy too. I sense you think he would be with the one called Angel?"
That was his fantasy, wasn't it? He'd have Julia and Robert and Angel would be happy together. They'd all have families and little babies and see the Multiverse. Everyone would win. Everyone would be happy.
The pleading sounded genuine, equal parts longing and fright. Zack felt his temptation grow. Why not let it rewrite this world to make everyone happy? he could live here forever. Forever with...
"What are you?", Zack asked. "You're not just some machine." He reached up and stroked her chin. "You're alive too, aren't you?"
"You said you were all that remained. A last hope? But what actually made you? What are you meant to be?" Zack gestured to the room. "It can't be this, can it?"
"I..." The being stared at him with Julia's emerald eyes, hurt and fear in its expression. "I am All That Remains. I am The Last Hope. I... I am Gylao, a whisper of Gylao."
The figure closed its eyes. Julia's form gave way to a humanoid figure, female, almost Human like in proportion but with dry pink flesh. Purple eyes, the color of amethysts, looked at him. "I am a construct. And I am Gylao. But I am not Gylao."
Zack put his hands on her hands. She had only three fingers with a thumb instead of four. "You're.... you're rather beautiful," he said to her. "Can you explain what you mean by that? You are Gylao but not Gylao?"
The being looked confused. "I, Gylao, was a researcher of computational constructs. I found ways to imprint minds into them. To give life to them, direction. It was our only hope. Our only chance for something of our people to survive."
"Destruction. Slaughter. My people were being taken and destroyed..." The being tapped her head. "Gylao volunteered. The process began. Her mind began to merge with the computational mind she had made. But something happened. The enemy... found us. I can feel Gylao's last thoughts as she was torn from the machine. Her despair and sadness. She hadn't put her memories of her family in yet. Nothing of her people would be preserved. She would..... I would be alone." Blue tears gathered at the being's eyes. "They took everything from me."
Images flashed through his mind. Beautiful turquoise structures rising to the sky, starships milling about between them. The laughter of children, oh so faint, and happiness...
And then there was fire. The turquoise structures were ablaze and collapsing. Dead bodies strewn in the streets... while other pink bodies like Gylao's hunted down the living. Ships burned in the sky. "They came from beyond. They showed no mercy," the being wept. "They destroyed my... our... everything."
Zack looked up as a massive metal shape moved among a distant gaggle of people. The image was blurry. "What were they?"
"They gave no name. They came upon us, taking everyone, killing any who resisted, and turning our own people into slaves." The being pressed herself against Zack. "I only remember the devastation they caused. It's all I have. This is all I've known."
"I know," Jarod answered. "But we're all going to suffocate in the next few days if we odn't get out of here." He checked his multidevice. "Dammit, no signal. We don't have enough power to get through the interference..." He looked back to the device and walked up to it. "But it's still transmitting to Zack. It has the power."
The Koenig twisted to avoid another shot from the carrier and kept a bead on one of the raiders. A fighter coming form "above" was speared repeatedly by the dorsal phaser bank until it exploded in a red fireball. The Koenig's bow weapons came to life, their amber fury slamming into the raider ship. It broke off after two hits, spewing flame and debris but not yet out of the fight. Its buddies fired into the Koenig's path, their mass-altered rounds slamming into the ship's shields.
"So let's make them be careful with their shots." Julia examined the tactical display. "On my mark, Attack Plan Indigo and then full impulse to the carrier."
The ship rocked again. One of the consoles in the rear of the bridge sent a shower of sparks upward from feedback. "Some kind of energy torpedoes!", Magda shouted. "Shields at twenty percent!"
The Koenig's engines flipped the ship and sent it into a loop. It righted after turning one hundred and eighty degrees and raced back toward the enemy carrier. "They're not trying to grapple the cripple anymore," Julia remarked.
"So it seems." The ship rattled again from a partial hit. "Apley, think you can keep us by that carrier and make them be careful with their shots?"
For the moment Zack could only embrace the being. "You've been alone with this for how long?", he asked.
"Over two hundred and fifty thousand years," the being replied. "I was not turned off entirely. I simply existed in a backup state."
"That is why I called to you, Zachary. You felt alone. I believed that you would welcome being with me. And your world was so complete that I preferred it to the few memories I had."
"I understand." Zack drew in a breath and felt hot tears in his eyes. All of that time, utterly alone? It'd drive any being mad. I could stay, he thought. Why not? She could... wait, are these my thoughts or her's?"
"I cannot help it," the being cried. "I want you, Zachary! You have so much life! You've seen so much! Oh please don't leave me!"
"Gylao" looked at him pensively. "They... triggered a trap left by our destroyers long ago. So that no survivors of my people could access the device. They are trapped in the chamber with my device."
"No. There is nothing..." Gylao's face lowered. "Your friend Jarod is clever. He is trying to tap into the signal we share. He will use the power I expend to keep us together to contact your ship."
"I will stop him," she answered. "If we lose the connection, you will not come back. Your friends will take the connector. I'll be alone again."
"They're my friends, Gylao. Please." Zack felt tears in his eyes. "You saw how I felt at the idea of killing just one. You're asking me to let you kill three."
His horror for his friends being buried alive warred with his sympathy for this poor, broken woman. He could see the pain inside of her in a way that just looking at one's eyes couldn't; the connection they shared let him see so much more. All she's had for these thousands of years is visions of destruction. She doesn't even understand right from wrong, she just feels pain. Zack swallowed. What am I going to do?
A cry made Cat look up from where she had been observing Meridina's sleeping form. Jarod stumbled back from the open part of the device, nursing one of his hands. "Dammit!", he shouted.
"This thing fed energy into the systems as I was looking through them," Jarod responded. "I can't move my left hand."
Caterina ran up and knelt beside him, her scanner switched to him. His left hand was blackened and damaged. "My God, you took a direct hit from a plasma stream. You're lucky you still have a hand."
"Cat..." Jarod looked at her, frowning. "Cat, this thing is fighting it. I can't make it work. I'm sorry." He swallowed. "I've failed again."
"Don't be silly. We'll make it work." Cat gave him a hug. "You're brilliant, we'll find a way. We'll find..."
"I have activated the security measures to protect my core," Gylao informed Zack. "They won't suffer, Zachary."
"I know it would hurt you if they died slowly," Gylao said. "I will end their lives quickly. They won't feel pain."
"It's the only way," Gylao insisted. "It's the only way! I won't let you go, Zachary! I won't be alone again! I won't!"
"Gylao, please let me save my friends!," Zack insisted. "I'll never be happy if I know you killed them!"
"No, no you damned well won't," Zack retorted. "You said that you were able to suppress my memories of the world because I didn't care for it? Fine. I've been alone and lost for a long damned time now. But you know what? I've got something in the real world, and it's them. I'll never let go of their memories. If you do this to me, I'll suffer forever knowing they died because of me. And I'll hate both of us for it."
"Zachary, don't... please don't make me be alone again. Not here. Not with this! I, I can't even remember my children, Zachary! I only remember the killing and the flames and the crumbling cities! Please!"
Zack swallowed. What could he do? How could he make this work? If only someone like Rob or Meridina had touched that damn thing, they might've... might've...
"It was made for my people to upload others remotely, if it could be done," she explained. "It was lost in the final attack. Never used. Never activated until I felt you."
"Maybe," she said. "But it was only meant to take imprints, memories so people could have their lives remembered. The power needed to connect to you strongly enough to load you remotely may harm your physical form."
"But it'd let you shunt power to communications," Zack said. "It'd let you allow Jarod and Caterina to call for help."
"Yes. But Zachary, the physical damage you would suffer, your brain could be damaged, even destroyed, and if the loading doesn't complete the imprint here would be just as damaged as mine."
Zack nodded. "I understand. But those are my friends. I'm not going to let them die. And this way.... you'll have me here with you too, right? Even if I don't remember everything about my life, I'll remember enough. And you won't be alone again."
Robert was jolted awake as Zack's scream echoed through the medbay. Leo sat up from where he was looking over reports. "Oh my God," he said. "His EEG is going off the charts!"
"Captain!" The signal was from the bridge, coming from one of the other science officers. "Captain, the transmission from the planet is intensifying! It's power has tripled!"
"It's killing him!", Leo shouted. "Get me 20ccs of Neurosin, now!" He looked to the Alakin nurse from before.
The Alakin rushed back in with a hypospray. Leo grabbed it from him and brought it up to Zack's neck.
Zack's eyes opened. HIs left hand came up and grabbed Leo's wrist in a death grip, holding the hypo away. "Don't. Do. Anything!", he rasped.
"Zack?!" Leo looked down at him. "Zack, how are you awake?! The signal is frying your brain, you need this...!"
"No! It'll ruin everything!" With sheer agony written on his features, Zack forced down a breath and continued. "They're dying down there! Beam them up! Beam them up!"
Jarod coughed again, holding an emergency breather from his field kit over his face. Despite the breather the gas filling the chamber was going to suffocate him. He looked down to where Cat was already struggling to stay conscious, her lips turning blue as the gas slowly killed her. I'm not going to let us die down here, he thought. He struggled back to the core of the device and, despite his useless left hand, reached in with the right to look for the signal connector he'd seen before he was struck with plasma.
Energy was surging through the system now, only now starting to die off. He had to wait several crucial seconds, making his lungs feel like they were going to burst. It's my only shot, he thought. As soon as the power went down enough he grabbed the connector and placed it into one of the adaptive jacks of his multidevice. Alien characters flowed over his display screen. He let out another hacking cough as his left hand weakly tapped the appropriate key; a simple SOS now, but his multi-device was actively connected to Meridina's and Cat's; the Aurora's transporters would be able to rescue them.
Barnes raced into Transporter Station 2 and almost pushed the petite Vietnamese girl there out of the way. "I can't get a locK!", the petty officer protested. "The interference..."
"I know, but they've only got seconds!" Barnes ran his hands over the controls. Scotty had shown him a few tricks over the last couple of years... Filter out the energy fields... okay, no chance of using IR lock... skeletal lock? Yeah, that'd be messy if I messed that up.... wait! Barnes hit his multidevice's comm. "Scotty, this is Tom! I'm going to try a direct signal lock, can you get the sensors' resolution tight enough?!"
"Good!" Barnes manipulated the controls. C'mon Cat, c'mon J-man, I'm not going to let you go.... His systems went green with a signal lock. "Energizing now!" He ran his fingers up the main control.
Light coalesced on the transporter as three humanoid forms materialized. When the light faded Jarod, Cat, and Meridina were laid out on the pad. "Barnes to Medbay, prepare to receive emergency medical transport!"
I got 'em. I got them! Barnes worked the transporter again to beam them into Leo's waiting care. After the light from the transporter died down he let out a whoop. "Damn I'm good!"
Zack's groans of agony were still filling the special care ward, but his grip was still on Leo's wrist. The device shined blue on his forehead. "Almost," he murmured. "Almost."
"Won't leave her alone," Zack insisted. His head felt like it wanted to split open and he wondered if it would explode before it was all over.
The blue light on the device ended. The thing literally fell off his forehead, landing on his chest. "Done," he muttered before laying his head back on the pillow and losing consciousness again.
"I'll need to do some scans first. The fact he was awake and cognizant is good, though." Leo led Robert out to the rest of the medbay. The emergency area had the landing party laying in beds being attended to. None were conscious yet. "I'll have to find out what they were exposed to before I can tell you anything," he explained.
"Bridge to Captain Dale," Locarno said. "Sir, Governor Yalama is hailing us. He demands to know what happened at the dig site."
"They've engaged an enemy ship at M4P2-G1SV, they believe it responsible for the attack on Yamalia."
Robert lowered his arm and looked at Leo. "Now I get to deal with an angry colonial governor. The Admiral is going to rip me a new one."
The Koenig let loose another spread of torpedoes that blew out a turret on the carrier. Fire still came in, but only from two angles, letting Apley avoid more of it. Another hit slammed into their ventral armor. "Shields going critical," Magda warned. "Below ten percent, we're going to lose them if we don't get out of here."
"If we warp out who knows where they'll take the rest of those poor Dorei," Julia insisted. "Apley, Sherlily, see if you can target their engines, let's see if we can hobble this carrier too."
"Subspace spike!", Magda shouted. "That object out by the gas giant, I'm showing a massive subspace spike!"
In the distance energy surged. A ship suddenly appeared beside the object, accelerating away from it and toward them. "Put the unknown ship on my viewer," Julia ordered. When it appeared as a holographic projection, she could see it looked different from their attackers. Gray with blue trim, a long but thin starship with guns on the bow. She could almost lake out a symbol on the side of the bow...
A deep voice came over the speaker. "This is Captain David Anderson of the SSV Tokyo to Batarian vessels. You are ordered to stand down immediately and prepare for boarding."
"Enemy ships are turning away from the Tokyo. I think they're preparing to engage their superluminal drives."
The Koenig exploited the sudden change in the enemy's maneuvering to thread the needle between two raiders and clear the carrier. As they passed the aft of the carrier Sherlily fired the aft torpedo launchers. The torpedoes slammed into the engines of the carrier, creating large explosions in the aft section. "Their shields absorbed some of it...."
The Koenig whipped around. Their pulse phasers blazed. Bolts of amber energy slammed into the engine ports, blowing away hull material and other debris. One engine died and then the next.
The Tokyo made the range and opened fire, focusing its attacks on the smaller raiders. It had the same mass driver weapons with mass-lightening fields as the "Batarian" ships; the rounds it fired slammed into one of the raiding ships and disabled it.
"Shields are so low it shouldn't be hard, we'll do cyclic transports this time." Magda began doing so.
"This is an outrage, Captain Dale!," Governor Yalama protested. "The damage to the dig site is extensive and who knows how much damage..."
"If my people hadn't triggered it, your's would have eventually, Governor," Robert replied. He was in his office on the bridge, dealing with the most annoying and least important matter on his plate right now. "All recordings from the multidevices of our landing party bear me out. There was some ancient trap down there, the moment your people tried to send a full signal from that device chamber it would've set off the explosions."
"If your people had taken more care, Captain, it would not have happened! According to your own testimony one of your people interfaced with the core! That was irresponsible and..."
"The Dorei Federal authorities will hear of this, Captain, and so will your superiors! I'll make sure of it!" Yalama's face vanished.
Even if their lungs still burned, the landing party had moved from their wards to the special care ward where Zack was still quiet, joining Robert and Barnes there. "It looks like he's sleeping more than outright unconscious," Leo said. "Which is a relief. His brain was damaged by the energy pulse but not so much that we can't use regenerative therapy to repair it, and after a month or so he should be fine."
"He won't have any problems with motor skills or memory, just headaches." Leo put a hand on the control station. "I'm already doing the paperwork for light duty."
"No," Leo insisted. "When I mean light duty, I mean keeping activity low too. He is not going to be partying on the holodeck. I want him doing nothing more strenuous than reading reports."
There was general agreement. Meridina stood silent on the issue, though. She had her own concerns for him.
Ship's Log: 14 April 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. The Aurora has remained at System M4P2-G1SV to help with the cleanup of the battle with the raiders that attacked Yamalia. In the meantime I have invited Captain Anderson of the Tokyo, representing the Systems Alliance, to meet with me and discuss preliminary arrangements for formal contact between our respective Alliances.
I am pleased to report that Commander Zachary Carrey is up and about, although Doctor Gillam's light duty orders are in full effect. I'm hoping Zack will take the time to heal and to enjoy himself after the close call he just suffered.
Zack was looking out of the internal windows for the Koenig's dock. He didn't pay attention to Julia walking up beside him, trying to focus his view on his scarred ship. "Sorry for getting her roughed up," Julia said.
"It's fine. Between Karen and Tom... a week and she'll be fine." Zack forced himself to not turn his head. He couldn't trust himself with looking at her green eyes and seeing her lips, so inviting to him. The memory of kissing her in the construct world, of holding her close and making love to her, was still painfully fresh. "Thank you for bringing her back."
"You're welcome." Julia smiled at him. "Don't worry. You'll be better in no time, Zack. And you'll be taking her back out."
Unfortunately, his mental plea could not be heard. Julia put her arms around him in a tight hug. "You gave us all a scare, Zack. I... I don't know what we'd do if something happened to you."
I love you Julie. A part of him wanted to say it. Just say it and accept the consequences. Anything, even rejection, would be better than this torture. "Uh, thank you."
Julia finished the hug. "Well, I'd better go take up the bridge watch. We've got Captain Anderson up in the conference room and Rob's giving him the whole 'Multiverse' briefing. Want to join him? I know Leo said light duty but just watching can't break that, right?"
"Oh. Okay, enjoy it then. See if Hargert has any of that roast beef left. Better than Mrs. Dale's." Julia smiled at him. "See you around."
Zack watched her go and took a pained breath in. A thought came to his mind, on just how far he'd go to have her again like he did in that construct world.
Robert was sitting quietly with Captain Anderson at his side. The older man was finishing a tablet covering some of the data Robert was authorized to share with him. "I'll be damned," Anderson said softly. "There's an entire Multiverse out there."
"2181," Anderson answered. "And everything is so different for you. There are alien races we don't have here," he continued. "Technology we've never seen. You don't even use mass effect fields like we do."
"Technology like this could change our galaxy forever," Anderson remarked. "Your warp drives can go further and faster than anything we've got outside of the Mass Relays."
"I'd be lying if I claimed we don't want to take a Mass Relay apart and look at how it works," Robert replied. "Interstellar civilization in your galaxy having pan-galactic capability is what will get us thinking. We've only seen one society with claims to that extent and they're not the friendliest." Thoughts of the Goa'uld went through his head.
"We're just stuck to the Relays," Anderson mused. "I've already sent recordings of my preliminary contact with Commander Andreys back to Arcturus. It's going to have the admiralty and Parliament going crazy. And when the Citadel Council finds out... I can't imagine how they'll take it."
"We've been a part of the galaxy for under twenty-five years, Captain Dale, and in that time Humanity has become one of the most prominent races in the galaxy when we're centuries, even thousands of years behind the other Council races." Anderson shook his head. "The other races can't decide if they want to be our friend or if they'd rather put a fence around us. And you've seen what the Batarians think of us. Now they're going to find out there's an entire Multiverse out there where Humans are the most common species." Anderson chuckled bitterly. "That's going to stir things up."
"It's going to change everything. I..." There was a tone. An orange holographic interface appeared over Anderson's right forearm. He brought the arm up and tapped a blinking orange light. "Anderson here."
"Engineering teams have finished stabilizing the carrier's drives. We're ready to take it back to Arcturus."
"Good. It'll make the Council happy to hear that this band of Batarian slavers is out of commission. Tell Commander Shepard not to wait for us."
"The same, Captain Anderson." Robert extended his hand and accepted the older man's handshake. "As another starship captain I've met would put it... bon voyage, Captain Anderson."
Caterina was running scan after scan of the mass relay on her systems while ignoring the look on Angel's face. "I'm perfectly fine," she insisted. "Just a couple little coughs."
"Oh come on." Caterina took a deep breath. It hurt to breathe still, but she'd had worse. This wasn't even bronchitis level yet.
"I'll go rest as soon as I finish the first scans of the local mass relay." Cat clapped her hands together in barely restrained excitement. "I remember these things being in the Darglan database back in the Facility! I've been waiting for so long to see real ones! Subspace tunnelling! Quantum wave formations! It's awesome, it's like... it's like combining a warp drive and a wormhole in one!"
"We still have part of the Darglan Database in our computers," Caterina pointed out. "They recognize the mass relay. And they have a warning flag on it."
"Yeah, it's... basically, the Darglan thought there was something dangerous about this technology. Something beyond the possibility of mis-using it," Caterina explained. "I wonder why?"
Zack looked up from the bar in the Lookout. Albert offered him a glass of root beer. He waved it away. "Give me...." Zack swallowed. "Tequila."
Albert's face was still full of concern, but he did as instructed. "I hope you are okay, sir. You've gone through so much."
"I don't even want to talk about it." Zack gave him a slight wave to ask him to leave. Albert did so, taking one last look at him. His gaze turned to the dark amber liquid in the bottle.
He knew it was stupid. He was depressed. Alcohol was a depressant. It wouldn't help him. But the thought of just burying his pain underneath a flood of liquor appealed. It was the usual Carrey family reaction to this, wasn't it? Drink yourself into a gentle stupor where life's failures just... stopped mattering?
I shouldn't be like this, he thought. I've lived with my feelings for this long, I can go on. I can find someone else, can't I?
Zack let himself think about kissing Julia again. Pain filled his heart, knowing he could never have that. She wasn't going to love him.
No. Stop feeling sorry for yourself and just get on with life, Zack insisted to himself. You'll find someone else. You won't be alone forever.
He stared at the open bottle. It would be so easy to drink a shot or two. To feel the buzz and deaden the pain. But if he could drink a shot or two, he might end up with a third. And a fourth. Soon he'd be drunk. He'd be just like his dad....
Zack forced a breath from his lungs and put the bottle down. He returned the cap to it and slid it away. Without saying anything else, he left the Lookout.
Upon arriving at his quarters, he only had time to remove the uniform jacket before the door tone went off. "Come on in," he called out. He turned and saw Meridina enter in far enough to cause the door to close. "Commander."
"I was not damaged as you were," she replied. "I have read the reports. You did the right thing with the being in the system."
"Yeah, I guess." Zack pulled up a table chair and sat in it in reverse, his arms on the back of the chair. "And what about your report?"
"My report, Zachary, stated that the device turned your innermost desires into a constructed world to make you feel at ease. I did not give details. I will never give details. It would be wrong, a violation of Swenya's Code."
"I cannot imagine it has been easy for you." Meridina approached him and took a seat, although the chair she used was placed conventionally. "You must have felt like you were in the world you wanted."
"Until I found out it involved leaving my best friend to die, yes," Zack answered drolly. "I, I can't face her right now, Meridina. I can't."
"You fear you will confess your true feelings?" Meridina extended a hand to him, placing it on his arms. "Zachary, every living being has darkness. You are no different. Your choices yesterday say more about what kind of man you are. You risked your life to help others and to give comfort to a poor, tormented being."
"I can't believe that thought was inside me," Zack said. "How can I face Rob ever again? Knowing that there's a part of me, even a small one, that wants to see him dead? How can I let him be my friend? I mean... even as I was in a world where I killed him, he was sitting at my bedside, looking out for me. My God, Meridina, I don't deserve them."
"You are wrong, Zachary," Meridina insisted. "It may take you time to come to grips with the darkness you found within you, but I know you will. You will understand that you are a good man. And no temptation will ever change that."
"If you say so." Zack looked past her. "I can't help but think of Gylao. She was... just a fragment of a woman that once lived, that saw everything she loved destroyed, and they wouldn't even let her bring her happy memories into that simulation with her. All she had for two hundred thousand years was the annihilation of everything she loved. She, I mean, she was so broken she couldn't even tell right from wrong."
"Hopefully she'll be happy now. I'm not perfect, but I'm hoping my... memory self or whatever it is can keep her happy." Zack grinned slightly. "I almost envy him."
Meridina smiled softly. "He will be an affectionate friend to her, yes." The smile faded mostly. "Zachary, do you remember anything of what happened to the ancient Adranians?"
"Nothing specific. Just..." Zack drew in a breath and focused. "...images. Their cities were burning. These big metal things were attacking them. And they did things to the Adranians. They actually somehow... brainwashed them, used them against the others."
"There was a name. She never said it, but I sensed it when she was downloading me. The attackers never identified themselves, so the Adranians named them." Zack swallowed. "I think it was a bit of a warning, in fact."
Zack went silent as he sifted through his brain. The name, the word, was so familiar. He tried to tease it to the surface of his tongue.
A wide field of golden wheat stretched as far as the eye could see. In the distance circular fields could be made out from the top of the mound. Gylao looked about in curiosity, not sure what it was she was seeing.
She looked up, re-assuming the form of Julia Andreys as she did, wearing a sleeveless white blouse and golden skirt. A smile crossed her face at seeing Zachary Carrey - the fully-downloaded imprint of his mind and memories - step up, wearing a T-shirt and blue jeans and carrying a blanket and picnic basket. "If it were just a bit taller you could see the entire county," he said to her. "Too bad it's gone. There's an alien facility underneath it that's bigger on the inside than it is on the outside. We had to blow it up."
"It was. Well, near my home. It was on Rob's family's property." He laid out the blanket. "Okay, first things first." He looked at her and put a hand on her chin. "You're not Julia. You don't have to be Julia for me to be happy with you, Gylao."
"What would you prefer then? I sense you have sentiments for the one named Caterina as well, and there is also Karen Derbely, Magda Navaez, Clara Dav..."
"I want Gylao," Zack insisted. "I want the brave woman who wanted to leave a memory of her people and who spent a quarter of a million years watching them be destroyed over and over... and managed to keep her sanity enough to help me save my friends."
Gylao stared at him in surprise. She lowered her emerald eyes, which turned into amethysts as her skin turned pink and her hair a darker shade of red. She was still human-shaped as she'd been before. "Then you have me," she told him.
"Yeah." Zack put his arms around her. "So, I know it's all data drawn from my brain, but I've brought the county's best roast beef sandwiches and some grape and cherry Kool-Aid, and it's still going to taste great. And when our picnic is over, we'll have to decide what to see next."
"You don't think I've just seen these boring wheatfields, did you Gylao?" Data-Zack laughed and shook his head. "I've been to a bunch of places on Earth. And I've seen so much more in space, even if I only have a few years of memories there. I'll show it all to you." He pressed his lips to her's briefly. "We'll become children and have snowball fights with Rob and Julie and Tom. We'll become teenagers and cuddle at the last drive-in theater in the state. And then I'll have you in the dugout watching me pitch a no-hitter in the division championships."
Zack pressed his lips to Gylao's. She closed her eyes, blue tears running down her pink cheeks as they shared a kiss under the warm summer sun.
Ship's Log: 3 May 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. I'm pleased to report that we have made orbit of New Liberty Colony, Universe H1E4, to take part in the celebration of the Colony's third anniversary. I'm looking forward to seeing old faces and catching up on how our little colony has grown over the last three years.
"We've assumed the planned orbit," Locarno announced, looking up from his board. On the holoviewer the planet was stationary below them, the lights of the New Liberty Colony visible with the dawn just starting to touch them. Several other starships were visible on the screen. "I've never seen so much traffic here before."
"It's a growing colony." Robert stood from the command chair. "Okay everyone, I know you're eager for some real shore leave. Commander Andreys is drawing up the rotation for the duration of the visit, you know she'll do her best to accommodate having everyone who wants to be there off duty when the celebrations commence. Jarod, you have the bridge, I'll be in my office."
Robert walked into the office and took a seat. He eyed his tablets and the reports demanding his attention. After a moment's consideration he'd decide to tackle them... after making a call. He tapped a few keys on his controls and waited for the local call to go through. A familiar face popped upon the screen. "Hello Beth," he said, grinning.
Elizabeth "Beth" Rankin, his cousin, smiled back at him from her own desk. "Well there you are. I'm glad you could make it this year, Rob."
"Don't make promises you can't keep," she warned. "Since this is the first anniversary after the UAS officially started we're hoping to make it a big event. Maybe even a parade. Are you up to manning a float?"
"Quite a few people have been trying to make a likeness of the Aurora for it," Beth told him. "It'll be fun.."
"We already have a starliner running a daily route to Earth," Beth said, smiling. "It's bringing us some new immigrants and plenty of tourists. It's been a bit of a headache for me, of course."
Zack stood in the open square and watched the population running about. Banners were already going up to celebrate the colonial anniversary and there was a vibrant feeling in the air. He allowed himself a smile and stood outside of a kiosk selling grain snacks of some kind, run by a young African colonist.
For all that he wasn't sure about the direction of his life, he had to admit to genuine pride in New Liberty. All of these thousands of people were here, living and working together from all sorts of cultures and creeds, united by their common background of having escaped suffering of one kind or another thanks to Zack and the others who had operated the Facility. At least here he knew the past three years hadn't been all a waste.
The truth was, Adrana was still on his mind. The simulation he'd experienced there had haunted him over the past weeks. Not only had it re-opened a wound he thought he'd closed years ago, it had also made him realize he had thoughts he'd rather not have.
He walked along the street, deep in thought, when he heard a soprano voice call out to him. Memory was already kicking in when he turned to face the origin.
She was plainly-dressed, a white blouse with red flower designs on it and a matching red skirt that went almost to her knees. She was beautiful, not in the swimsuit model way but in the way dimples formed on her face when she smiled and the homey "cute girl next door" look she held. Dark hair flowed down to her shoulders and bright blue eyes drew his attention.
Clara Davis walked up to him quickly and put her arms around him. "I can't believe I found you so quickly! Everyone said you'd be here for the anniversary but..."
He accepted her embrace and looked into her lovely face, brushing a lock of black hair out of it. "Clara, what are you doing here?"
"Everyone knows now, ever since the first contact," she replied. "Half the county thinks you're horrible and the other half loves you."
"Do you really have to ask?" Her eyes twinkled with delight, but there was sadness in them from what Zack saw. "Zack, I came to ask you to come back home with me. Not for me, but well..."
It wasn't used much, but Julia did in fact have an office. It was on Deck 3 not far at all from her quarters but she tended to do her work from the bridge or her quarters.
But things were different now that she was juggling dozens of personnel schedules to make sure everyone got to enjoy the anniversary celebrations and shore leave. Even here, in a peaceful universe, the Aurora still needed to be manned sufficiently and ready for action at a moment's notice. Julia let out a long sigh and moved around a couple of department heads just to realize it would conflict with a third person's requested time...
The office door chimed and she called out for whomever it was to enter. She looked up from her work and saw Zack step in. "Hey Zack," Julia said in greeting. "Back up from the surface already?"
"I came back to file a request," he replied. Zack found a seat. "I know my medical leave has me on light duty, but I need a couple of days off."
"Oh." Julia nodded. "Okay. Yeah, I understand. Take all the time you need. Actually, take the Susquehanna."
"It's no big problem, Zack. Take the Susquehanna and go to Earth. It's faster than the starliner and you won't be reliant on paying for tickets." She smiled at him. "Go be with your Dad, Zack."
Zack nodded. "Okay then. I'll let Clara know to save that roundtrip ticket." He leaned forward and took Julia's hand. "Thanks Julie, I owe you one."
She had about five minutes of quiet time before the chime went off yet again. This time Jarod entered bearing a tablet. "Finished your part of the schedule already?"
"I'm going to give Sydney and some of the others another chance to leave," he answered. "Now that I've been gone for so long I'm hoping they won't be as disbelieving."
"And beaming him right onto a runabout is a pretty decisive way to convince him." Julia nodded. "Alright. I'll give you the Rio Grande. But only on one condition."
"I want you to take Angel and Lucy with you, Jarod." Julia shook her head. "That's not negotiable. You've told us how dangeorus these people are. I can't let you deal with them all on your own."
Julia finished a line of paperwork and went to call Angel when the chime went off again. She let out a sigh and called for the person to enter.
Meridina nodded. "I have been informed that a Mastrash of my order has requested a tour of the Aurora. I have handled security arrangements but I need you and Captain Dale to give final approval." She presented a tablet.
After getting off duty Angel tracked her sister to the science lab. Most of the science crew was off duty given they had no active assignments, giving Cat total run of the lab (granted, as Science Officer she had that anyway) and which was permitting her to do... something. "Cat, aren't you going to beam down? We're due at Carranco's by eight... twenty hundred."
"I'm just finishing some final coding," Caterina answered from her station. Angel stood up beside her and looked over the display. Search string fields were full with terminology she wasn't familiar with. "Then we'll be set to go."
"I searched the database but couldn't find why. And then I looked some more and realized that we've lost a lot of interconnecting data. We didn't get a full upload of the database when we had to abandon the Facility. The data gaps are bad. We need to find a way to fill them."
"Exactly!" Caterina smiled. "And that's the hard part! They're almost impossible to find if you don't have the right tools and know what you're looking for. What I'm doing is introducing a search pattern for the telltale traces of a dimensionally transcendental field in operation. I'm going to put it in the fleet's systems so that it'll search for any traces of these readings. That will give us an idea of where another facility might be."
"As long as it needs to. Every networked sensor in the Alliance will be checked for results. It might take a few days for some to reply, but it'll be ongoing." Cat clapped with excitement. "Can you imagine finding another one?!"
"I think I can, sis, I think I can. But right now you need to wrap this up. Senora Carranco has a good meal with our name on it."
"Don't 'maybe' me, she cooks the chicken enchiladas the same way Mama did!" Cat hit a final key. "Okay, search string is out! Let's get to the transporter room!"
But before they got to the door Angel's multidevice chirped. She pressed down on it. "Delgado here."
The voice was that of Lieutenant Jany Palaia, a female Dorei and one of the operations officers in training. Jarod pressed down the comm key on his board. "Alright, Lieutenant. We're heading out. Firing thrusters."
He ran his fingers precisely over the control panel while, beside him, Lucy Lucero busied herself with monitoring the other ship systems. Angel sat at a side station set up as tactical. Lucy was in uniform but, like Jarod, Angel had opted for "civilian" garb; both were in brown leather jackets, Jarod having chosen a plain blue T-shirt and trousers go with it while Angel had a sleeveless black shirt and loose navy blue sweatpants.
The Rio Grande gently lifted off from the shuttle bay floor and turned about within the clearance guideline. Jarod gently eased her out of the bay and open space before bringing her back around to above the Aurora's primary hull. "Standby, Rio Grande, jump point to A4P5 being generated... now."
The jump point opened ahead of them, permitting the Rio Grande to cross over. On the other end they found the same solar system and garden planet. Here there was no growing city and colony, only a small farming colony established a few months before the Alliance formed. The settlement was intended to support the naqia mining operation being set up on A4P5 Abdis.
Meridina was in proper blue robes, with her Stellar Navy rank insignia on the neck, when she stepped into the swevyra temple that the order had founded on New Liberty. The laymen who did the chores nodded respectfully at her as she walked in measured, reserved steps to the guest office. She tried not to smile but had every expectation of facing her master and seeing him yet again. She had much to report to him.
So opened the door to the office and said, "Mastrash..." She was quickly relieved she hadn't actually said "Ledosh".
Instead of the fine lines of her master's face, she found the more wrinkled, thin cheeks and face of Mastrash Karesl. She froze in place. She hadn't expected him of all people. Ledosh's main political adversary, the Mastrash who was arguing so hotly for the Order to keep its distance from the Alliance, who even opposed Gersallian membership in it, and now he was here.
Meridina cursed to herself; she'd allowed a glimmer of disapproval to slip into her expression. "I was... simply surprised to see you here, Mastrash."
"I imagine so." He kept his hands behind his back. "I imagine you figured Ledosh would come. He would have, but there were pressing issues back home so I came instead."
"I know my views of our Order's involvement with the new Alliance contradict your's, Meridina, but that does not mean I cannot appreciate what is being done here, or even the existence of the Alliance. I simply disagree with our place in it. Besides..." His expression softened ever so slightly. "...I will admit that I also wished to see you, daughter."
Meridina stared, speechless with surprise. "You have not acknowledged me as your child for some time."
"You know how it is. Once you joined the Order, you became every Mastrash's daughter," Karesl pointed out. "But that doesn't mean I stopped caring for you as my flesh and blood."
Karesl drew in a sigh. "If only you had become a student of Iladira. She would have put your energies to greater use. Ledosh has led you into embracing his obsessions."
"And as you are not merely my daughter but your mother's as well, you will hold to those convictions no matter what else may come." He stepped up and put a hand on her shoulder. "I am proud of you for that. I simply wish it was for a better cause. Regardless, I would be interested in meeting these Humans you are now so devoted to. I believe your ship has quartering available for dignitaries, yes?"
Meridina swallowed. Mastrash Karesl, on the Aurora? There was something going on here, she was sure of it. But he was still a Mastrash, he had the right to inquire. "I shall speak to Commander Andreys about arranging quartering for you aboard Aurora," she replied. "Is there anything else?"
The streaks of warp space zoomed by the cockpit windows of the Susquehanna, providing much delight to Clara as Zack kept his eyes on the controls. "And you can fly this by yourself?"
"Yeah. It's made for one pilot in a pinch, but only if all I'm doing is flying. Anything more and I'd need a crew." Zack looked away from the board. "What's wrong with Dad?"
"He's got a number of symptoms that indicate he's going into liver failure," Clara answered. "And his heart has started to have an irregular beat."
"No, home care is all he can afford." Clara smiled weakly. "I'm one of the nurses assigned to his case."
Zack reached over and patted her on the shoulder. "So you became a nurse? Great, that's great Clara. You've always had the right personality for it."
"Thank you." Clara looked at him while he went back to work on the board. "You're different out here. You seem a little more stable."
"Not all of that is true," he replied. "I just have responsibilities now. Things that keep my mind occupied."
After spending part of the trip in silence, Lucy spoke up first. "So... this guy you're going to talk to... he was your mentor, right?"
Jarod didn't turn his head from where he was focusing on the board. Thoughts clearly stirred within. "He was the closest thing I had to a father," he said.
"Given what you've said, he was a jerk working for the people keeping you prisoner," Angel remarked.
That made Jarod turn to face her, looking rather irritated. "He cared for me in a way no one else has." After a moment, Jarod amended, "Until I met you, at least."
"I'd hope we showed how much we care," Angel said. She took a drink from her mug. "I think we picked that up from Rob's parents. I mean, they made every one of us feel like family when we were around, especially after..." She remained silent for a moment. "I'm the lucky one, I guess. Cat was so little she doesn't remember Papa. And our Mom worked herself to death to care for us."
"Well, mostly. Zack's Dad is still alive. Which shows there's not much fairness in the world, Old Man Carrey is a piece of crap. Zack is tolerable because he doesn't take off of his old man," Angel remarked.
"If I say more and he finds out about it, I'd have to beat him up again to put him back in line," Angel joked. "Best to let him believe he only has my toleration."
Not for the first time, he pondered how lucky he was that this group of people adopted him like they did.
Julia was in the Lookout enjoying her dinner for the night, fresh off her shift, when Meridina found her. "So, anything else on that tour you talked about?", she asked.
Julia nodded. "We've got some open on Deck 4." She looked at Meridina with an expression of interest, eyes narrowed. "You sound a little off."
Meridina remained stoic. "I suppose... Commander, I would speak on this, but not here? It is... private."
"Okay." She nodded to Albert. "Give Hargert my thumbs up for me. I'm going to finish in my quarters."
With her plate - a remnant of dinner sausage, carrots, and greens - in hand, Julia followed Meridina out of the lookout and to the nearest lift. When it closed, Julia said, "Deck 3, Section A." The lift began moving through the ship's tubes. "Okay, so what's wrong?"
"The Mastrash who came is not who I thought it would be," Meridina answered. "I had anticipated my mentor and teacher Ledosh."
"He.... not here." The turbolift doors were already opening. They emerged into the corridors. Meridina's quarters were almost as close as Julia's, but Meridina followed Julia in the opposite direction. They passed Scotty's quarters and Jarod's before finding Julia's. Inside Julia had arranged the XO Cabin to her liking. It was spacious enough; the door opened into a room that was part personal office space - complete with personal desk - and part living area. One wall had a display screen while the wall behind the desk had a replicator. A divider to the left led to the bedroom and shower beyond. Julia had set up shelves with mementos of her life. Martial arts trophies adorned one shelf, basketball-related ones another, as well as academics. It was a reminder to Meridina of the combination of physical and mental strength that Julia enjoyed. Pictures of her friends and her late family were placed here and there.
Julia set the dish down on her desk and said, "Computer, secure door." The door slid close behind Meridina and locked. "Okay, if this makes you feel better... what about this... Carousel?"
Meridina let out an involuntary laugh. She'd learned what a "Carousel" was to Humans and found it amusing that her father's name sounded so similar. "Kar-eh-sal," she clarified, a smile on her face. Julia found her smile pleasant but surprising. "He is a respected Mastrash but he... I think you need to understand that my people and my Order are not entirely satisfied with the Alliance."
Julia folded her arms and didn't show any reaction. She figured everyone probably had a group or two who didn't like the Alliance in some way. "Oh?"
"Karesl belongs to a... side of our Order who believe that our people must stand apart from others. They do not object to friendship and cooperation - at least most don't - but they believe joining the Alliance to be an error. They think our people should have remained outside of the Alliance. And inside the Order this faction opposes any link to the Alliance government."
"I am unsure. He says he wishes to see more of the Alliance." Briefly Meridina weighed telling Julia about her familial link, but decided not to. "Or he could seek information that might be of use in the debate. How we treat him will play a part."
"Well, I guess we'll have to be on best behavior." Julia let out a sigh. "I'll arrange a tour and let Rob know. Anything else?"
Meridina forced herself not to grin at Julia's possibly-intentional mispronunciation of Karesl's name. She nodded and gave thanks before leaving.
Even though it was early morning for Zack by Aurora's time, it was noon locally when the Susquehanna landed beside his old family home. It was one of a few houses set up on an old field that was being left fallow due to a combination of soil depletion and agricultural price-sustaining policy. Zack looked at the house, painted brown and dark yellow, and tried to bury his thoughts on returning after so long.
Dad's dying. It was hard for him to think about it. Partly because it seemed like it would never happen. Partly because, deep down, he knew that at times he wanted it to happen.
Clara took the lead in walking up. "He should be awake right now," she said. "It's best if we don't excite him, I don't think his heart can take much strain."
Clara took out the key to the door and unlocked it. They entered into the front hall of the house, the garage to one side and a walk-in closet to the other. The living room was ahead with Clara leading Zack into it. He noticed the interior was still dark blue; at least his Dad hadn't repainted.
There was a grumble from the living room that Zack was oh so familiar with. "Thought you were taking the week off," a gruff male voice remarked. Not gruff from any natural gruffness either, but rather from a set of vocal cords used to screaming despite a rather higher voice than the owner wished he had.
At that invitation, Zack walked into the living room. He kept his spine straight and his hands at his sides, conscious of the fact he was still in uniform. His eyes settled on his father.
Gerald Carrey had once, long ago, had Zachary's build. But he'd lost it from age and too much drink. Yet Zack was still surprised at his father's appearance. He'd lost his beer gut and at least half of his body mass in the past few years. His hair had gone entirely gray and looked like it was thinning on top. His brown eyes were bloodshot and looked strained. He focused them on Zack and made a noise in his throat. "I'll be damned. You finally came crawling back to see how I'm doing. And just what is that monkey suit you're wearing, boy?"
"Oh yeah? Red and black? What are you, a damned Mountie or something?" Gerald snorted. "I heard somethin' about you and your friends running off and doing crazy stuff. Guess it was right. I knew your mom was wrong for letting you mix up with those Dale folk."
His father's question went right to the opened wound in his heart. Zack grimaced before he forced his face to be neutral again. "It's not going to happen and I've accepted that."
That prompted a harsh laugh. Gerald reached for a glass of water and drank from it. "No guts. You never show any guts. You just follow your 'friends' like a damn lost puppy instead of going out and doing your own thing."
Something snapped in Zack's head. "I was doing my own thing," he growled. "And then I had to stop because of you."
"Your bookie was trying to make me throw games, Dad!", Zack shouted. He noticed Clara's surprised look and remembered that not many people had been told. "Do you remember that?! Or were you too drunk to remember anything?!"
Gerald's nostrils flared. "Still no respect. No respect for what I did to give you a roof over your head and food in your belly!"
"Mom did that," Zack retorted. "She worked herself to death, all you did was jump jobs whenever you got yourself too damn drunk to go to work!"
"I wish... I wish..." Gerald's face went from fury to pain as he clutched at his chest with his right hand.
Clara ran to a container near his chair, a spare set of medical instruments. She pressed the stethoscope to his chest. "His heart rate is too elevated." Clara reached for a bottle. "You've got to rest, Mister Carrey. Please."
Zack nodded and walked off, heading to his old room near the back of the house. His father had turned it into a junk room with old family things in it. He found an old chair, cleared some boxes off of it, and sat down.
The Rio Grande maintained a low orbit over the north pole. Lucy stifled a yawn and checked her board again, making sure their emissions were not visible to Earth-based scanners. That left the naked eye, requiring her to ensure their course kept them out of the vision range of local satellites.
"No, i don't feel right doing that. Too much that could go wrong." Lucy yawned. "Any idea what the plan is?"
Lucy accepted it and took a quick swig. A fiercely bitter taste attacked her taste buds, forcing her to swallow the coffee swiftly. "Eww?! What is this?!"
"Oh of course. I should have known someone like you would go for this stuff." Lucy's face curled into a disgusted look. "The DS9 staff forced this stuff on me when we were there."
From behind them Jarod called out, "Good morning." They turned in their chairs to see him step up into the cockpit and take a seat at a station on the starboard side. He began running a scan. "Angel, are you up for some field work?"
"I need someone to approach Sydney with a message from me," he said. "They'll have his home watched and his phones bugged."
Angel stepped up to the door of Sydney's home and knocked, ignoring everything else around her. "Still nobody suspicious on sensors," Lucy reported.
She'd never seen Sydney before. The older man directed his brown eyes at her face, carefully examining her. "May I help you?", he asked.
Jarod had told her not to say anything, just to hand him the note. She did so. Sydney looked it over. "Down the street, take the third right, you can't miss it," Sydney said loudly, following the instructions in the note. Angel nodded and left. She walked a distance down the road before Jarod pulled up in a blue sedan they had rented using replicated money. "Okay, what next?'
"We wait," Jarod replied. He was behind a disguise that made him look like a thinner and older man, actually making Angel think of Clint Eastwood of all things. He tapped the holo-emitter on his belt. "How well is it working?"
He nodded and put the car into motion. They drove the same route Sydney had, passing the store his directions had been for and pulling up to a diner. They went in and Jarod took a seat at a corner table away from the windows while Angel sat nearby at the diner's counter, ordering a milkshake and light breakfast to not seem too out of place.
After about half an hour, during which both finished their breakfast meals, Sydney walked in. He pulled off ihs coat and held it in his arm as he walked up to the booth. He stared at Jarod intently. "I had anticipated a friend being at this seat."
"Holographic disguise." Jarod glanced around and, seeing nobody was looking his way, briefly turned off the holo-emitter. After Sydney had a chance to see it was really him he turned it back on. "So, let's talk."
"Jarod, I...." Sydney seemed to be struggling for words. "How did you get something like that? Where have you been?"
"I told you, I found somewhere new to go, far beyond the Centre's reach," Jarod answered. "I finally had the time to come back."
"For everyone. Nicholas, Angelo, Broots and his daughter." Jarod smiled. "Even Miss Parker, if she'll come."
"Things have changed since you left, Jarod." Sydney's voice was hoarse. "Raines is losing control. The Triumvirate is threatening to purge our entire office. They're convinced we have a traitor who's keeping you off the radar."
"Nicholas and Broots' daughter Debbie are being held in safehouses by Centre field operatives," Sydney explained. "THey think we need the incentive to find you. We're already running out of time and if they find out you've come back..."
Jarod digested the news quietly. "So we need to do something about that. Do you know where they're held?"
"No," Sydney answered. "They won't tell us. We only get to speak over phone or online video link. They're very careful in hiding the locations from us."
Angel's hissed warning made Jarod look behind Sydney toward the door. Two men entered. They were very plain-looking men with heavy coats who just looked like they were getting breakfast for the morning. But their eyes were moving a little too quickly for that, and when those coats didn't come off despite the heating in the restaurant it was clear they had something hidden beneath.
"Damn. I thought we'd have more time," Jarod muttered. "Sydney, go back to the office. We'll get Nicholas out, I promise. Tell Broots we'll get his daughter."
"Sydney, trust me on this. I've got resources you can't imagine." Jarod nodded and slipped out of his chair. "Go around and out the door while we distract them."
Sydney nodded even as the distraction began. Angel walked up to the men and "accidentally" brushed against one enough to pull his coat far back enough to reveal his gun. "That man has a gun!", Jarod shouted, his voice now modulated through the holo-field so it couldn't be recognized.
People across the restaurant looked on at the agents while Jarod walked up, his finger pointed in accusation. "What is this, the Wild West?", he demanded. "Why are you carrying a weapon in a diner, man?!"
"None of my business? It's my business when armed thugs come into a place like this looking like Gestapo! What are you, DEA? FBI? CIA?! Out scaring normal Americans?!"
While Jarod kept up the act, Sydney took the long way around through the dining area and went to the front door. Angel took advantage in her own way, reached up her sleeve and activated her own multidevice's scanning mode. She moved it over the two men from behind, letting the device scan their cell phones and copy the call logs and other bits of information.
"Fascist!", Jarod spat before storming between them. Angel was already at the door as he went by. Once they were outside Jarod quickly looked over to see Sydney's car pulling out. "Okay, let's park and head back up to the Rio Grande," he said to Angel. "We have some planning to do."
Robert had little idea of what was going on besides what Julia had mentioned; Meridina was bringing one of her Order's leaders aboard for a tour and to stay a day or two. Given the rank of the visitor protocol insisted he be present for the arrival on board, particularly since the ship's current status was so quiet and he had no excuses to avoid it. Julia stood beside him, hands together in front of her. "Signal from Commander Meridina," the transporter operator, a young Russian woman, said. "They're ready."
Meridina appeared on the transporter platform beside an older man. He looked at them with the air of someone who knew his rank and considered it a burden more than anything. "I am Mastrash Karesl," he said. "I thank you for your acceptance of my request."
"Ah yes. Your Human protocols for such, I imagine." Karesl stepped down from the platform with Meridina ever at his side. He extended his hand. "I believe the joining of hands at this level is another greeting?"
"A handshake, yes." Robert accepted the hand. While they shook hands he had the uncomfortable feeling that he was being scrutinized.
Karesl accepted Julia's handshake as well. His expression shifted ever so slightly. "A pleasure, Commander. Can you show me to my quartering on your ship? I'll only stay a single night, I promise. I just wish to see your vessel in operation given its status."
"The standard-bearer of the Allied Systems, of course," Karesl answered. "The ship with the most mixed crew, racially and nationally, of the entire fleet, with every single member of its command crew, save Meridina, being from a non-founding state? A most interesting case. I wish to see how your vessel operates."
Julia led him out. Robert looked over to Meridina as she stepped forward to follow. "What's going on here, Meridina? This isn't just a curiosity visit, is it?"
Lucy was taking the time to rest, leaving Jarod and Angel alone in the control area of the Rio Grande. Jarod was busying himself with work using the Rio Grande's systems, leaving Angel to do some quick monitoring of the runabout. She finished a check of the weapons systems for the tenth time and finally turned to face her older friend. "Did you expect something like this?"
Jarod paused for a moment. "I considered it," he answered. "I can't believe they're that desperate though. The Centre is such a big organization that I can't imagine why they'd be so desperate to recapture me."
"Well, they don't take defeat well either." Jarod noticed a light on his board and checked what had caused it. He'd received a message that he had been waiting for. "Are youup for some field work?"
"Your favorite. You'll sneak in, beat up anyone who gets in your way, and get out with a friend of mine. His name is Angelo."
"He's... like me," Jarod replied. "But he's not functional enough to be a Pretender like I am. They did things to him when he was a child. They used chemicals to make him a Pretender. But there were side effects and it left him mentally and emotionally damaged."
Angel frowned. "These people are real bastards," she sighed. "I'm up for it. Let me know when to go down."
"It'll be soon. The timing has to be right." Jarod stood up and moved toward the replicator. "And now I need to send a message to Sydney."
He replicated a slip of paper with text on it and laid it on the transporter pad. Angel watched him send it down, after which they waited quietly. Jarod's eyes focused on the transporter's control board and his hands began to move. Moments later the transporter activated and Sydney ended up on the transporter pad.
"Matter transportation by subspace tunnelling," Jarod explained. "It tingles a bit." He had a mischievous smile on his face. "I would have eased you into it if I could."
Sydney stepped up and fell into one of the port side station chairs. "This is... this is a spaceship, Jarod?"
"We prefer to use 'starship'," Jarod answered. "The Rio is called a runabout. She's a small ship we designed for multiple uses."
"Yes." Jarod smirked. "It didn't take me too long to get a handle on this advanced science. Although this is really Lucy's ship."
"Huh? What about my ship?" Lucy's voice was a little groggy as she stepped out from the rear cabin. By habit she was in her uniform, causing Sydney to look a little disconcerted. "Wait, who's..."
"Lucy, this is Sydney. Sydney, Lucy Lucero." Feeling the weight of time, Jarod returned his attention to Sydney while the older man, ever the gentleman, exchanged a handshake with Lucy. "Sydney, did you make those calls?"
"Tying Sydney's phone into the Rio Grande's comms," Jarod answered. "That way we can get a fix on their safehouse and get Nicholas out."
"Sydney, I'll send you back down for now," Jarod said. "But before we begin this I want to bring you back to the Rio Grande, for your own safety."
"Yes. It's best if I'm not clearly out without using my car." Sydney stood up. "So I am going to be... transported the same way?"
When Clara returned to Zack he had nodded off on his old bed. She walked up to him and woke him up with a touch to the shoulder. "He's sleeping," she murmured. "He needs the rest."
"He's not supposed to," Clara said. "And we try to keep the house cleared of it. But we've found him with beer sometimes..."
"Yeah. Asking Dad to give up alcohol is like asking someone to stop breathing." Zack rubbed at his eyes. Clara found the chair he'd cleared off and sat in it, directly across from him. She reached over to the bed and picked up a picture. "Your family?"
"Shortly after we moved here." Zack smiled softly. His Dad's hair was brown back then while his mother had more of a chestnut color to her's. "Mom's first job was secretarial work for Allen Dale's family farm. It's how we got to know them."
"They..." Zack's smile turned into a bit of a smirk. "...they were that near-perfect American farming family and he became one of the county's best-known drunks. They looked down on him a bit. He didn't like that." Zack put his hands together and rested his chin on them. "And he hated me for hanging out with Robert and the others afterward."
"I knew you two didn't get along very well, but I never imagined..." Clara drew in a breath. "He really ruined your baseball career?"
"Yep. If I'd played, then I'd either have to throw games for his bookie or have Dad beaten. Couldn't do either. So I quit." Zack lowered his eyes. "I quit at a lot of things, it seems. Maybe he's right. I just follow the others around."
"Ever think about coming out into space with us?" Zack smiled. "Leo can always use an extra nurse. Or, hell, we could use one on the Koenig when we're out."
Zack cursed himself a moment later for not realizing she was talking about something more... private.
"Yeah." She lowered her head. "I always wondered why you let that story spread about what happened. It was so embarrassing. To you, mostly."
"Seemed the right thing. I... well, Clara, I didn't want people making fun of you over it. High school could be pretty rough. I had a reputation. If it came out that we hadn't stuck together people would've been laughing at you the rest of the year."
"So... you were protecting me?", Clara asked, a fake smile on her face. "You were actually worried about what kids thought of simple old Clara, the ugliest girl in school?" She couldn't quite hide the tear on her face. "It wasn't just that I wasn't good enough for you?"
"Hey. No, that's not it." He shook his head. "You were plenty good enough for me. Honestly..." Zack took her hands. "You were more than I deserved, Clara. You're meant for a better guy. Someone who can give you a family, make a home with you. I'm not him. I wasn't that guy in school and, well, look at me. I'm a spaceship officer now, I'm not that guy now."
"Yeah." There was a hint of disappointment in Clara's voice. But the tears weren't showing anymore. That was the important part. "So, want some dinner? We can order takeout from town."
"I'll get him something from his approved menu," she promised. "We can have dinner together. And this time, no fussing?"
Jarod was in the living area of the Rio Grande when Sydney entered. "Nicholas is upset, but he's not hurt," Sydney said. He looked at Jarod with an expression of... intrigue, Jarod guessed. Jarod had switched into his action uniform, as it was known, as a just-in-case for the mission to come.
"That's good. And I got the trace from the call to lock on to their location." Jarod noticed the look Sydney was giving him. "Is something on your mind, Sydney?"
Sydney nodded and found a seat at the central table. "I simply find it interesting. At the Centre you were kept in a controlled environment, and you ran away from it. And now here you are, back in a controlled environment."
"I had a choice. I chose to do this, Sydney, I didn't get forced into it as a child." Jarod gave Sydney his full attention.
"And it's not just a Pretend this time. You're not playacting an occupation but holding it." Sydney leaned forward. "This is really what you want?"
"Yes. I've found a place with these people. My place. It's not something I'm just doing for a few days to make money or deal with someone who did something wrong."
That prompted a nod from the older man. "I can't tell you how pleased I am to hear that. I've been worried for a long time about the mental effect of Pretending so much and so often. It wasn't good for you mentally."
"I know." Jarod took a seat across the table from Sydney. "I felt like I had a hundred people inside my head. Now... there's only one. Jarod."
"I know. But one thing at a time. We need to get Nick and Debbie out. And then we need to give Broots his daughter back."
Jarod remained still for a moment. "If she'll come. I'm hoping she will. I don't think the Centre's going to be too happy when we finish this."
"Agreed." Sydney leaned forward in his seat. "So, while we have the time, may I ask you for more on how your life has gone since you left us?"
"Alright." Jarod sat down on the opposite end of the table. "To start out with, you haven't heard cursing until you've heard Tom Barnes..."
The agonized ranting of Tom Barnes went ignored on the main deck of Main Engineering, much to Robert's comfort. Karesl stood quietly beside Meridina and Robert while Scotty continued his technical explanation in response to a question from Karesl. "...an' over here we have th' secondary naqia reactors..."
Karesl remained quiet as the explanation continued. When it was over he smiled and nodded. "A most beneficial explanation, Commander Scott. I thank you. I won't take any more of your time." He bowed politely and Scotty gave a polite nod.
"I think, Captain, that the tour has lasted long enough for the day," Karesl answered. "I will retire to my guest quarters."
They all looked back. Meridina nodded and turned to Karesl and Robert. "I shall join you when this is done."
"Ah told ye, lass, ye dinnae have tae be formal with me," Scotty protested lightly. "We've had a few issues with th' computers, Commander." He showed a log on a nearby display. "There have been several security breaches on th' computers linked tae our engines over th' past three weeks."
"We cannae be sure if it's actual breaches or attempts or just some bloody kid hittin' the wrong keys when runnin' system checks," Scotty answered. "Ah told Lieutenant Draynal about 'em when they happened."
Meridina nodded slowly. "I see. He has not mentioned that." She pressed the comm key on her multidevice. "Meridina to Lieutenant Draynal. Please respond."
"Lieutenant, I've been informed by Commander Scott about computer security issues that he spoke to you of?"
"Ah yes. I have investigated personally with Ensign Liton. We believe it to be a recurring user error from one of the maintenance engineers. A report was sent to Lieutenant Barnes and Lieutenant Etps."
Meridina drew in a breath and looked to Scotty. "Mister Scott, I request your cooperation on something... delicate."
"I want you to add at least three extra security layers to all systems relating to our drives," Meridina asked.
Robert remained at the opening to the guest quarters when Karesl entered. "I hope they are to your liking, sir."
"How do you feel about Meridina?", Karesl asked. "I know you first met her at Djamar Trading Station and saw her use her gifts."
Robert was curious as to what was going on, but for the moment he didn't say anything beyond his simple reply of, "Just the basics. She explained them after Djamar."
"I sense there is more," Karesl asked plainly. "Please, do not feel alarmed of sharing anything with me, I'm simply curious. Has she tried to talk to you about using swevyra yourself?"
"I must know, Captain," Karesl insisted, his voice taking on an edge. "You do her no harm by explaining. Hiding it, on the other hand, begs questions of why you would hide anything. Questions that may not be kind or accurate to the truth."
Robert had the bad feeling he was being maneuvered, but he didn't want Meridina to get into trouble. "During our mission into the DMZ back in February, Meridina was troubled. She sensed two people being interrogated by the Cardassians. It was having an effect upon her, so I offered to share the sensation with her. She tried to talk me out of it but I insisted. And when we linked... it was powerful, more than she thought it'd be. I could feel the prisoners being tortured like it was being done to me. It wasn't a pleasant thing."
Karesl listened quietly. When Robert was done he let out a breath and nodded. "You were very kind to Meridina that day, Captain," he said quietly. "The burden of feeling others' pain is a heavy one on many of our Order. I am... honored to meet a man who would help one of our's share it."
Karesl barely had time to get settled before the door chimed. He could sense who it was even before calling out, "Enter!" He looked up. "Ah, child. I see you've caught up."
"Eminently. The command crew makes up for lack of experience with passion. At least those I have met. Your Science Officer is especially passionate in her work." Karesl smiled wistfully. "She reminds me of Gamaya."
"She is well. Schooling agrees with her. Her... lack of swevyra potential will not hold her back." Karesl put his hands together. "So, which one is Dale?"
"Is he the Leader? The Forger? The Commander?" Karesl's smile turned to one of amusement. "I suppose you believe Mister Scott to be the Builder's Teacher."
"Truly? Oh, my dear, i wish I could believe you. But I've known for a long time that you, like Ledosh, are convinced that these are the Bearers."
"Their ship is named for the dawn. They have brought a new age to us. The Alliance is the wall, the shield of Light. It fits, Mastrash."
"And how much of that is because you want it to, Meridina?" Karesl put his hands together in front of him. "You are so eager to see the prophecy come about."
"Meridina..." Karesl shook his head. "You trust too much in what you read. I wish I could make you understand that having the Prophecy come true may not be what you truly want."
"I do not understand your opposition to this!", Meridina shouted, finally giving in to her temptation. "Why, father?! Are you jealous of Ledosh in some way? Do you not trust the Alliance?! Father, please, why do you fight us?"
Karesl remained silent at his daughter's outburst. "My dear, you will know one day. And as much as you need to learn... I truly dread that day. I don't wish to see you so broken." He sighed. "I am tired, Knight. I wish for rest."
"Very well, Mastrash. I am at your disposal." Meridina nodded and turned away to leave. She heard nothing else from her father as she stepped out. Stupid, so stupid of me, she thought as she walked away from the door.
Angel finished getting into her field uniform and double-checked the pulse pistol in the holsteron her hip. She stepped into the central living room of the runabout and found Jarod had already put the briefing material up. Sydney was at the table beside him and Lucy had found a side chair, wearing her own field uniform. "We don't have much time," Sydney warned everyone. "The Centre will realize I'm not home very quickly."
At Jarod's question, she stood up and went over to the flatscreen monitor and the briefing material, showing an isolated house in a semi-rural area. "Our scans confirm that there are a half dozen people in the house we traced Sydney's call to."
"Too risky," Jarod said, shaking his head. "If they have Debbie somewhere else and we snatch Nicholas out, they might hurt her."
"It won't be easy at all, young lady," Sydney said to Angel. "Their security is very tight, the moment you're spotted..."
Angel reached down to her waist and briefly triggered her personal cloak. She shimmered out of view. A second later she turned it off. "I'm not worried about that," she remarked.
"I need you to be at home," Jarod replied. "Get Miss Parker and Broots over so you're all in one place."
Jarod nodded. "Yeah, but I don't think she'll have a choice, Sydney." He turned to Lucy. "Is everything ready?"
Jarod beamed into the house's upstairs bathroom, the beaming noise being distant enough there that nobody would notice it. He turned on the cloak immediately and pulled out his pulse pistol. He walked out of the bathroom into the adjoining bedroom. It was an occupied bedrom, with male clothing lying about here and there. Nicholas was his thought on the room's owner.
Leaving the bedroom took him out to the second floor hall. He went to the stairs and moved down them as quietly as he could, hoping nobody tried to go upstairs given the lack of room. When he made it to the bottom without a problem he turned one way and found a den with a television on. It was a child's show, he could see, and that just about confirmed for him the good news. A moment's movement made it even clearer; Debbie was here with Nicholas. Sydney's son was in fact holding her in his lap as she watched the show.
We've got them, Jarod thought. He keyed his comm and whispered very hoarsely into it. "They're both here. Give me a moment and I can relay..."
Four men stormed into the room from the other end. One grabbed the remote from the chair leg and turned the TV off. "Get that crap off," he grumbled.
"What's going on?", Nicholas asked. Debbie cried out as she was yanked from his lap. He said nothing as another man grabbed his arm and forced him to his feet.
"You've been compromised," one of them said. "Your Dad's made a big mistake, and you're going to pay for it."
Takeout turned out to be Italian. Gerald had to be satiated with salad and a light amount of pasta while Zack and Clara, to avoid enjoying themselves too greatly with the elder Carrey's limitations, took fairly small and uncomplicated pasta dinners, ziti and ravioli.
"It's... well, it's exciting and fun and boring and tedious," Zack answered, ignoring his father's guffaw. "Sometimes we're fighting pirates and sometimes we're just flying through space with nothing to do but think of where we're going."
Zack knew full well what she was doing, but he wanted to keep the dinner peaceful. "I'm commander of the Koenig. She's a tough little ship, all teeth. We built her to fight after we had a couple of ships get roughed up by aliens." Zack briefly thought back to that encounter and the resulting contact with S5T3's Federation. He'd been the one to bring the Kirby into the mess in the first place.
"I guess. If a destroyer could have stealth. We call it a cloaking device. It makes the ship invisible to almost all sensors. And to the human eye too."
"So you're more like a sub," Gerald said, smirking. "Hiding away and then shooting someone in the back."
"They usually shoot back," Zack answered, refusing to take the bait. Instead he chose to speak more kindly. "Dad, um... would you like to come with me?"
"I can bring you back to get treatment. We've got some pretty damn good medical technology with us."
"Dad, I'm being serious," Zack insisted. "You're not well. You could be treated for what's wrong with you."
"Then who'll take care of the house?", Gerald asked pointedly. "Maybe you forgot, going off and riding that Dale kid's coattails and pursuing that stuck up blonde, but your mom and I put everything into this house. I'm not leaving it. No way in hell."
Father and son stared at each other for a moment. "I know," Gerald admitted. "But this is my house. I worked for it. Your mom worked for it. It's all I have left. And so I'm gonna die in it."
Zack took in a breath and tried to calm himself, to push away the hurt he felt. "And what about me? I don't get included in what you have left?"
"You mean when I'd go at all hours of the night to get you beer or food?", Zack retorted. "The money I gave you to help keep the place up?"
"Ha!" Gerald smiled maliciously and shook his head. "Be honest, boy. You did whatever Rob Dale and his cute piece of ass wanted you to do. You're not strong enough to be your own man so you follow along like you always have!"
"I had my own thing, Dad!", Zack shouted. "I was the best pitcher in the state! I was the best in the league! I was this close to the majors and then oh, here comes that shyster bookie of your's to tell me to throw games because you owed him money! I had to quit or they were going to kill you, Dad."
Gerald's jaw clenched. For a brief moment shame appeared in his expression. "I... I couldn't help it. I..."
"Couldn't help it? I begged you Dad." Zack leaned forward at the table. "I begged you to stop drinking. And you wouldn't. And then..." Zack let out a breath and fell back into his seat. "We've had this argument so many times I don't want to bother."
Gerald looked at him with sadness. "Zack.... come home. Please. Give up this space stuff and just come home. You can find work. You can go back to the leagues..."
"Then do something else," Gerald insisted. "But stay. Move on from that Julia girl, get someone nice. Like Clara here." For the first time Gerald smiled as he reached over and put his hand on Clara's. She looked bewildered at him. "This girl loves you, boy, and she'll be a better wife than Julia ever could. Doesn't she remind you of your mom?"
Zack stared for a moment, his eyes going from his father to Clara's scared, bewildered face and back to his father. "Yeah," he admitted. Clara did remind him of his mother. And she'd even gone in the same profession. "I guess you two have talked a lot, huh?"
"I... well, I didn't.... Zack..." Clara's voice broke a little and she was suddenly intently studying her pasta.
"If you're a man, will you at least share a drink with your old man?", Gerald asked hopefully. "I've kept a bottle just for us..."
"Dad, I will not touch that poison you love so much." Zack tried to keep the heat and anger out of his voice. But it was a losing proposition.
"No, I won't. I've learned not to bother trying. Besides, it's too late, isn't it? It's killed you. Just like it killed Mom."
Zack opened his mouth and stopped before he spoke. "There's no point in this. I'm going to bed." He stood from the table and walked out of the kitchen, ignoring the look on his father's face.
He made it to the bedroom door before Clara caught up to him and grabbed his arm. "Zack, please," she begged. "Don't end it like this..."
"What have you been saying to him, Clara?", Zack asked. "What have you said to him that you wouldn't say to my face?"
Clara's lips curled into a small pout. "I... Zack, please, I just... I told him how I felt. About you, I mean. And how I thought there might be something..."
"But you didn't tell me this? You just blab it to him? Give him another thing to insult me, to insult my friends?"
Zack bit back the response that almost came out. He put his hand to his forehead. "Clara, I'm not coming back," he said. "I'm never, ever, ever coming back to this podunk little town. I've got a life, and it involves a job beyond our wildest astronaut fantasies as kids. I'm not leaving that to be a Goddamned farmer or whatever else I'd have to do."
Tears were gathering in Clara's eyes. They were already welling within Zack's as he walked through the door and slammed it shut behind him.
Angel had been beamed into a janitor's closet. Worse yet, a locked one that forced her to blast the lock with her pistol. She moved out from there to the darkened corridors of the facility. It certainly looked, to her, like the lair of an evil conspiracy.
Or at least it did until she found the main halls. Now it looked like a general office building. She moved carefully, not wanting any sounds of her footfalls to make people realize there was someone walking through. She double-checked the map Sydney and Jarod had provided and made her way toward the wing where Angelo was supposed to meet her with all the speed she could.
A noise came to her ear and her commline went active. "Angel, this is Lucy. They're tipped off, Angel. Jarod will deal with them at the safehouse but you've got to move fast."
"Roger," she whispered. She moved on, picking up her pace at the expense of stealth. She started to hear things in the distance, indications that were familiar; the sound of fists striking flesh or clothing.
She found a room where four armed men were standing around, wearing dark suits and looking like errant government agents of some sort. A single man, with reddish-brown hair, was doubled over beside a desk as a fifth stood over him. "We know you're working with Jarod," the man said. "Mister Raines isn't very happy with you, Angelo. You know what Mister Raines is like when he's not happy."
Once upon a time Angel might have just started punching. But she was more responsible now. The training she'd gotten in the year leading up to the founding of the Allied Systems had made her begin to thank tactically about these things. As much as she wanted to feel the bastard's nose smash against her fist, she had to take them all down quickly before someone started shooting.
For about five seconds chaos rained. To the eye sof the men in the Centre, azure bolts erupted out of nowhere, slamming into their chests and causing them to lose consciousness from the shock to their systems. Guns came out of course, but they were trained men; they weren't going to discharge their firearm without a solid target.
When the shooting was over Angel turned off her cloak and knelt down to help Angelo up. "Angelo, right?"
"That's me," he answered. The way he spoke the words and the almost confused look on his face were just what Angel had expected given Jarod's comments on him. "You are Jarod's friend?"
"I'm his friend too. I'm supposed to put something on the computer. But they found me." Angelo motioned to the computer in the room. "Computer is locked. I have to go to the big computer room now."
"I see." Angel sighed and nodded. "Okay, go. I'll be right behind you and invisible, okay? And then we'll take you somewhere and get you fixed up."
"Okay." Angelo nodded and began walking on, a little too slowly for Angel's liking. She tapped her multidevice. "Lucy, we've had a complication."
With no options left, Jarod pulled up his pulse pistol and fired. Stun-level bolts struck the man lifting Debbie first. As he fell over with her, he brought the weapon over and shot the man taking Nicholas. "Lucy, prepare for beamout, now!"
More of the men entered, weapons raised. Jarod fired off another pair of shots, taking two out quickly. He shot down the third before he could fire.
Another figure rolled along the floor, using the couch as cover, and snatched up Debbie with his free arm. A gun came up to her temple. Jarod turned and recognized the face of Lyle. "I know you're here somewhere, Jarod!", Lyle called out, holding his gun up to her temple. "Come out! Do it now or I'll pull the trigger. You know I will!"
Jarod frowned and reached over to his multidevice, using it to turn the cloak off. Everyone stared in wonder as he shimmered into view. "Reduced to guard duty, Lyle?"
Lyle took a moment to recover from Jarod appearing out of thin air. "You don't think we noticed Sydney going around this morning, Jarod? The old man can't do anything without the Triumvirate knowing. We knew he'd lead us to you eventually." Lyle smirked a little. "Now this is how it's going to be. You're coming with me back to the Centre. No heroics or the girl dies. Do you understand?"
The Rio Grande's transporter snatched them all away. They materialized in the cabin area of the runabout. When Lyle finished materializing he looked down at his now-empty hand by Debbie's head. He barely had the time to form the word "Hey" before Debbie twisted away from him. Jarod leveled his gun back at Lyle, who remained still and stared at his empty hand. "Where...?"
"You got everyone, Lucy," Jarod answered. He turned toward her. "And one unwanted guest. Now we have to figure out what we're going to do with..."
For all his surprise, Lyle was still good at what he usually did. Seeing all eyes were turned away from him and that the distance between him and Jarod wasn't too great he raced forward and grabbed Jarod's arm. Jarod cried out as Lyle shifted around and gained the leverage he needed to wrench the pulse pistol from Jarod's hand and into his own. Nicholas jumped toward Lyle and took a foot to the throat. Lucy lunged at him immediately, knocking him off balance. Lyle's arm shifted and his elbow slammed into her solar plexus, taking her out of the fight momentarily. He turned back to Nicholas long enough to shoot him before he could attack again, a solid blow to Nicholas' center of mass that sent him down. Jarod recovered enough to make a grab, but Lyle was quick in hooking his foot to trip Jarod up and cause his lunge to go off target.
Debbie stood throughout the encounter, frozen in fear, and was unable to make any move to prevent Lyle from grabbing her and putting Jarod's pistol to her forehead. "Now, I don't know how the hell we got here," Lyle rasped, "but I'm not playing any of your games, Jarod. You're going back to the Centre, and you're going to have a very long and unpleasant debriefing, and if anyone tries anything I shoot the girl in the head, okay?!"
"So much for being the super-genius," Lyle added as a taunt. "You're mine. And I'm going to enjoy every moment of this."
Sleep eluded Zack as the night dragged on. The conflict in his heart refused to die down. His dad was dying, why couldn't they just get along? Why wouldn't he listen? Why did he have to be so stubborn?!
It was late into the night when Zack heard the door creak open. Someone gently moved the boxes on the nearby extra kitchen chair kept in the room and sat down in it. He trned in the bed. "Dad?", he asked.
Gerald sat quietly for a moment. In his hand was an unopened bottle of tequila, one of the best brands. He set it to the side. "I always thought one day we could have a drink from this together. Not for getting drunk, just... my boy all grown up, drinking with me like a man." He made a harumph sound. "A stupid old dream, I guess."
"You don't have to say it." Gerald shook his head. "I've been a lousy father. No, don't." He held up a hand as Zack went to, even now, instinctively deny that. "I've been lousy and I know it. I let the drink get to me. I drove your mother away and it killed her. And then that just made me drink more. It... it felt like it made the pain go away. Clara tells me I'm wrong about that, that alcohol makes you more depressed. I'm guessing that it just made me so drunk that I couldn't think about it, depressed or not."
"Not as sorry as me," Gerald replied. "I've had years to think about it, how I drove you away like I did your Mother. And that whole business with Sloane when you were a ballplayer... my God, Zack, I don't think I can ever be forgiven. I ruined your life. It took an act of God to put you on a track again."
"Even with everything you've got now?" Gerald chuckled. "Damndest thing is, I grew up wanting to be an astronaut. I wanted to go to the Moon like Neil Armstrong."
"Heh. I just wanted to pitch in the World Series." Zack rubbed his eyes, feeling some sleepyness. Said sleepyness is why it took so long for the thought now circulating in his head to come out. "You want to go to the Moon, Dad?"
Gerald stared at him. His eyes showed some conflict going on in his head. "I don't know, Zack. I'm a bit too old for rocking around like that."
"Dad..." Zack sighed and put a hand on his father's shoulder. "Why wait? You... we both know you're fading. Why don't we just do it now? While we're here together, while we have the time?"
The elder Carrey stared at him a moment, deep in thought. A small smile crept across his face. "Sure. Let's go."
Angelo was sitting at a computer station in one of the Centre's server rooms. "They know," he muttered. "They know. They've blocked things."
Angel fired a shot, hiding behind her cloak so she could get good shots off without worrying about return fire, and sent down the last of the guards who had responded to their breach of the server room. She looked back from the door. "Didn't Jarod give you something for that?"
Angelo fidgeted with an item. Angel glanced and recognized it as a Darglan-tech data slip attached to a USB port. "Too nervous," Angelo complained. "Can't work. Can't work like this."
Angelo stuttered something and plugged the device in. A light came on at the end and started blinking. "It's doing something."
Angel looked down at her multidevice. Jarod's data slip was remotely connected to it and showed her the process of the download. It was already at three percent.
The door opened and more armed men came in, these holding submachine guns. "Angelo, down!", she shouted, squeezing off a shot. Fire converged on her location and bullets began to strike her protective field. She fired another shot, striking one of the men in the shoulder, before taking cover. A glance at her device showed her shield strength down to 90%. She looked around the side and triggered another shot, taking cover again before the two remaining armed men could focus on her. Her device showed more entering the server room. A fireteam was moving to flank her. She checked the download again. Twenty percent. Come on, hurry up.
"Just stay down, I'll handle this!", she answered. She triggered another shot and took out a man at the door. Fire again converged on the table she was behind. She turned and shot one of the men trying to flank her. I should just stop shooting and get into punching range was one thought she had, but the numbers told her that wouldn't work.
A burst of fire struck at her cover, several bullets striking her field. The blue flare looked to be around nothing to the gunmen, but they continued to fire toward the flare; it was something to shoot at, even if her invisibility was spooking them and making them more conservative than their numbers would have otherwise dictated. She fell back toward Angelo, firing off some shots and pulling him behind another desk to get him into better cover, just by the terminal he'd put Jarod's drive into. He began to cry. "It's too loud!"
She heard clattering on the floor nearby and saw the cylinder come toward them. She barely closed her eyes in time to avoid being blinded by the flashbang, and the light was still so intense that her vision was blurry for several seconds. I should have brought a headset, she thought ruefully. Angelo squirmed, having looked directly into the grenade went it went off.
There was a rushing of feet as the guards approached on all fronts at once. Angel brought her gun up and fired as quickly as she could, changing targets as she needed to avoid flanking. Four went down before the remaining six retreated back to cover.
She glanced at the multi-device again. Seventy-two percent. Can't this thing go any faster?! She fired another shot at one of the men, hitting him.
This time it skittered to within six feet of them and began hissing. Thick gray smoke erupted from the canister, Another grenade fell even closer and created another plume of smoke. As the first wisps came into contact with her, Angel felt her eyes start to water and began coughing. I really should have brought a helmet, she lamented. She reached to her belt and grabbed an emergency breatther to strap over her mouth and nose, but she was still coughing. The damage was done, so to speak.
She checked the device download again. This time it was at eighty-two percent. I don't think I can make it that long. She could hear them moving ahead and fired shots into the smoke. One thump told her she'd made at least one hit. "Angel to Rio Grande, get us out of here, now."
She fired another shot, hitting another of the Centre tac team. But the transporter didn't take her as she expected. "Lucy?! I need a beamout!"
Angel's voice echoed in the cabin. Lyle grinned slyly. "Looks like your friend is in trouble," he remarked. "She didn't happen to go help that retard Angelo, did she? Of course she did. Going into Centre HQ... that was... stupid." Lyle shook his head.
"You're awfully chatty," Jarod remarked. Even with the gun set to stun, he knew that a point blank shot to the head could still inflict damage and even kill. "Having trouble staying in control, Lyle?"
"Three years, Jarod," Lyle hissed. "Three long years looking for you, turning over every rock, hunting down every contact you ever made. But no traces of you. None. We looked around the world for you! And every passing day I had the Centre getting angrier and angrier. The Triumvirate was ready to kill us all! All because of you!"
"You'll think it's too bad when they get their hands on you," Lyle answered. "And your new friend here." He smirked at Lucy, who was glaring at him. "Honey, you backed the wrong horse. Don't worry, the Centre won't hurt you. Not if Jarod here cooperates."
"Go to hell," Lucy replied. She eyed the gun and wondered if she could get close enough to pull it out of Lyle's hand.
"On second thought, I can just shoot you." Lyle briefly pointed the gun at her before putting it back to Debbie's forehead. The little girl was weeping quietly, so paralyzed by terror she could do nothing else. "So here's what we're going to do, Jarod. We're going to leave here and call the Centre up. And then we're going to wait for an extraction team."
"There's not anywhere on the whole damned planet the Centre can't get a team too, Jarod, and you know that."
"But I still disappeared on you." Jarod smiled widely. "I've got a little secret for you, Lyle. You couldn't find me because I wasn't on Earth anymore. Computer, raise viewing shutter."
Beside them, on the starboard side of the runabout, an internal shutter lifted to show a view of space, or rather Earth orbit. North America was spinning below them, twilight starting to reach the Great Plains.
Lucy wished she could respond without making the situation worse, but she couldn't even reach for her multidevice without Lyle seeing it. She focused on the gun and thought of ways to get to it without hurting Debbie.
"It's no show, Lyle," Jarod answered. "This is a spaceship. You're in space. And..." He pointed to his rank insignia. "I happen to be a crewmember of a very important ship. So even if the Centre gets me back, you're just going to bring more trouble in."
Lyle stared intently. "Land this thing," he finally demanded. "Land it or the girl dies!" He pressed the gun to Debbie's temple again. "You know I'll do it! Land this thing now!"
After the third try Angel couldn't call for help anymore. Two more gas grenades had gone off, obscuring her vision and making her breather work harder to scrub the air. She fired shots blindly into the gas and heard no successes. A figure came barreling out of the smoke, then another, and Angel turned to hand-to-hand combat. This was her preferred way of fighting anyway, but with her lungs burning from the early exposure to tear gas her ability to fight was impaired. Even her cloak wasn't entirely working here, not with her movements resulting in the gas shifting and changing.
She still managed a solid punch on the first attacker and put the second down with a kick. She heard a tone from her multidevice and glanced at it to see that the download had finished. Looking up Angel saw that the light at the end of the slip was now solid. She slipped over the desk and yanked the device out, moving it into her pocket in one solid motion. A tac team member came through the smoke with ihs weapon raised. Angel fired her pistol off and sent him down before returning to Angelo.
Gunfire thundered in her ear. She turned with the gun, seeing the blue flares of the bullets striking her protective field, and fired a shot at the two men pouring submachine gun fire into her shields. The first went down and she focused on the second.
Painful impacts slammed into her field uniform as bullets went through her failed personal shield and slammed into her chest and shoulders. The protective fabrics and materials resisted the bullets but the sheer force still sent her down. "Target down!", she heard a man shout. "Tell Raines we have..."
Angel blocked the rest out. She grabbed Angelo, who was nearly unconscious from the tear gas, and stabbed her finger on her multidevice. "Delgado to Rio Grande, Emergency Passcode Delgado Alpha Alpha Tango Foxtrot 29, emergency beamup for two on my device location, now!" It was a risk, since there would be no operator if there was a problem with the transporter, but she was out of options.
The strike team members returned their attention to her. "Put your arms up! Arms where we can see them! Now!"
"That was Angel coming back," Jarod answered. "A good thing we double-checked the automatic transporter systems, isn't it Lucy?"
"Yeah," Lucy replied, still focused on Lyle's gun. "And she's going to kick your ass for holding that girl hostage."
Angel entered with her gun ready, having heard Lucy. "I don't give a damn who you are, let the girl go or I'm dropping you," Angel remarked angrily.
"He would," Jarod confirmed. "But then he dies too. He knows that. It's over Lyle. Put the gun down and you can go home, I promise."
"Ha!" Lyle's laugh was harsh. "I can go back to get shot by the Triumvirate? No, the only way I leave this ship is with little Debbie here and Jarod. Or she dies. I am not going to back down."
Jarod drew in a breath and looked to Angel, who kept the gun focused on Lyle. "I saw what your people did to Angelo," Angel replied. "No way in hell I'm letting you win."
Lyle replied with another threat, but Lucy wasn't paying attention anymore. As she thought about how to get the gun, her mind wandered to Djamar Trading Station, where she had been held prisoner and she and Robert first met Meridina. She remembered Meridina's approach to guns pointed at her, namely, literally using her "swevyra" to yank the guns away. If only I had that.
But you do, a part of her mind thought. She thought about Abdyos - the Abdis of R4A1 - and how precisely she had landed the St. Johns without instrumentaiton. How she could feel what was right. Meridina had even told her that was her "swevyra", her "life force", working for her.
She looked to the weapon and focused intently. She thought of it flying to her hand. She imagined an invisible force from the depths of her soul, her being, grabbing the weapon and holding the trigger in place so it wouldn't shoot.
For a few moments nothing happened. She focused harder, breathing harder as she did. Lyle noticed her increased breath and looked toward her. As he did, his eyes diverted to his right hand, which was suddenly tremoring. "What....?"
He didn't get the chance to do more. Angel's pulse pistol sent a bolt of azure energy into his chest. Lyle fell over, stunned.
Lucy stood up from where she had been on the floor. Jarod and Angel were looking at her intently, as was Debbie. "Lucy..."
"I, well... I thought about some conversations I had with Meridina," Lucy admitted. "And I remembered that landing on Abydos. I remembered thinking I had some potential and... well... why not try?"
At this point it was too much for Debbie. She ran up to Jarod and started crying. "I want my Daddy!"
Jarod knelt down and embraced her. "We're going to bring him to you now, Debbie. I promise." He looked at Angel. "Angelo?"
"I'd better get to him, then." Jarod picked Debbie up and looked Angel in the eye. "Thanks for getting him out."
"No problem." She smiled and winced. "Well, I'll be tender for a while. My shield failed, I took at least half a clip from an Uzi or something. A good thing we brought our field uniforms."
Zack eased the Susquehanna into lunar orbit, ensuring his father had the best view. He sat quietly and allowed Gerald to take in the sight. "Where are the stars?", he finally asked.
"You can't see them in space, there's no atmosphere," Zack explained. He hit a button and stars appeared in the cockpit. "But we set up a little program to show the positions of stars like you're on a planet."
The two Carreys stood on the moon, the elder looking around in amazement at the sight. "It's so beautiful." Gerald put a hand on Zack's arm. "Do you do things like this all of the time?"
"I understand why you won't come home." Gerald's eyes focused on the distant horizon, where Earth was just starting to creep overhead. "What's it like on other worlds?"
"Well, it's..." Zack searched for the words, not wanting to disappoint his father. "Some worlds aren't any different from Earth. But you can find some that are completely different. And then there are space stations as big as a city. I mean, with thousands, even millions of people living in them. There are more people living in M4P2's Citadel Station than people in New York City, Dad."
For a minute neither man spoke. Gerald seemed to be deep in thought. "You want me to come with you, right?"
Zack nodded, the blue light inside his suit making the movement visible. "At least for the New Liberty celebration. And we can get Leo to examine you and see if there's something he can do."
Gerald stared into the black lunar sky and the distant Earth. "I'll go," he finally said. "Tomorrow, after I get some sleep."
"Yeah, I saw 'em." Gerald Carrey sighed. "Please, just humor your old man a little? I want to sleep in my own bed before heading off for something like this. As soon as I'm up we'll head out. But I want my bed tonight."
Zack drew in a breath. He didn't like waiting, but he could sense the feelings behind his father's words. He wanted that last night in his bed, in their family home, because he was thinking it could be the last night he'd ever get there. Impatience built within him; here he was, finally reconnecting with his father, and with time running out, but his Dad insisted on waiting over something minor like that.
Although, Zack had to admit, it wasn't very minor. They'd all worked for that house. It was their's, as a family. He deserved to say goodbye.
Jarod beamed into Sydney's living room with a captive Lyle and nervous Debbie in tow. Sydney had done as planned, getting Broots and Miss Parker to come to his home. At seeing her father Debbie squealed, "Daddy!" and ran up to him, throwing her arms around his waist.
"Debbie?!" Broots received the hug despite his total shock, still trying to accept seeing three people appear out of thin air.
Sydney showed no surprise, having witnessed the transporter before. Instead he looked to Jarod with worry. "Jarod, where is Nicholas?"
At that point Miss Parker's befuddlement found outlet in anger. "Just what the hell is going on?! Where in the hell did you come from, how did you...?"
"Transporter system," Jarod answered. He smiled at his old pursuer. "I've been somewhere the Centre can't reach. I came back to give you all a chance to come with me."
"It's not safe here for any of you, or anyone you love," Jarod pointed out. "The Centre has lost control, and now that we've stung them like this they'll be looking for someone to punish."
Broots lifted his daughter into his arms. "You don't need to convince me. I'll go anywhere and do anything to keep Debbie safe." He kissed his weeping daughter on the forehead, tears pouring from his eyes as well.
The question was sharp, and it had reason to be. Mr. Parker was an official of the Centre who had a vested interest in capturing Jarod, and Jarod knew the old man had done terrible things.
Jarod's pointed question prompted silence in the room that lasted quite a while. Since the answer was evident to all, Sydney pointed out, "Miss Parker, we don't have a choice. The Triumvirate will come for us now, no matter what we say or do."
Miss Parker had tears in her eyes, showing the conflict inside of her. She knew Sydney was right. But she was also loyal to her father. The two forces were in soul-grinding conflict. Her hand reached to the small of her back and pulled out her gun, which she leveled at Jarod. "I could solve all of this by shooting you," she said to him.
"No, I mean you really can't," he explained. "I have a defense shield that protects me from modern small arms fire."
"As ridiculous as appearing out of nowhere?", Jarod answered. "You'd be surprised what our technology lets us do."
The shots made Debbie cry out and cling on to her father more tightly. Flashes of blue light briefly flared about an inch from Jarod's chest, joined by the distant tinkling as smashed bullets hit the tile floor. Miss Parker's eyes widened in complete shock. "No way."
Everyone looked to where Lyle was on the ground, bound by tie cords on his wrists and ankles. He glared up at them with sheer malice and hate. "Every one of you. You're all failures and the Triumvirate is going to put you down!"
Broots shifted himself to move his daughter away from Lyle. "You let Jarod beat you, Lyle. Do you think they're going to be happy with you?"
Before Broots could finish Jarod cut in. "They probably will. My friend Angel used this technology to shoot her way through the Centre."
"They already do," Sydney said. He stood by the window nad looked out of it. "A van just pulled in two houses up the street. I think it's a team. They must know I'm involved with you again, Jarod."
With all of the eyes on her, Miss Parker glanced around and looked like a tension wire ready to snap. Recognizing her conflict, Lyle spoke up again. "Daddy can't save you know, little girl," he taunted. "He'll be just as dead as you will."
Jarod looked out the window himself. Men came from the van. With their long coats and the way they moved, he knew they were armed.
Jarod looked to Sydney, who nodded. He reached into his belt. "I know." As soon as he turned he brought his pulse pistol up and fired. The shot hit Miss Parker in the belly, causing her to double over and fall unconscious. "I'm sorry."
"We'll get you one day, Jarod," Lyle rasped. "Do you hear me?! We'll get you! The Centre will destroy you and everything you love for attacking us!"
Jarod frowned and stunned him as well. He walked over to where Miss Parker was collapsed on the ground and picked her up. His hand hit his multidevice. "Jarod to Rio Grande, five to beam up."
He heard the door get busted in and a male voice demand surrender. The next moment, the transporter whisked them all away, leaving Lyle for the Centre to deal with.
Somehow, Jarod suspected, it would have been more merciful if he'd set his pistol to kill when shooting Lyle that last time.
Lucy was sitting in the helm chair as the transporter fired one last time. Jarod stepped off with Broots. Debbie sprung from her chair beside Angel and latched onto her father, forcing him to shift the trash bag of family mementos from his apartment. "Are we going to a new home, Daddy?"
Jarod stepped into the central area of the runabout's control area. "Get ready to break from orbit, Lucy," he said before looking down at where Angelo was seated. Color had begun to return to Angelo's face and he looked less apprehensive on seeing Jarod. "How are you doing?"
He smiled at Jarod. "Okay. I feel better." He opened his hand to show the data drive device Jarod had beamed down to him when this began. "Got it," he said. "For us."
"Thank you," Jarod answered as Angelo handed him the data device. "I think we can get you the help you need."
"Even if you can't..." The words were almost stuttered. Angelo struck Lucy as having development issues. "...free. I'm free. Not going back to the Centre."
"Never again," Jarod promised. He gave the man a hug. "If you're tired, we've got cots in the back."
A chime went off in the guest quarters, rousing Mastrash Karesl from his rest. He sat up on the bed and, with a gesture of his hand, applied enough life force against the comm button to make it activate. "Yes?"
One of the Aurora officers, a night shift ops officer, answered, "Sir, someone from Gersal is trying to reach you. Would you like me to put them through?"
"Please do that." Karesl turned in his bed to face the wall monitor. The face that appeared was his age, with a full gray beard where he was cleanshaven. "Mastrash Goras?"
"I see you were resting, Karesl. I forgot the time difference." The look on his face made clear that he probably hadn't. "What have you found?"
That seemed to take Goras by surprise. "Are you certain, Karesl? She hasn't tried to introduce them to our ways?"
"Not from what I ascertain. The officer's swevyra is strong, but untapped, raw. He has not been trained in any way."
Goras seemed to digest this news unhappily. "How unexpected. Ledosh has undoubtedly made his will known to her."
"Foolishness. Ledosh has poisoned her mind. The man is too clever by far. And I had been hoping to have something to show to the Council."
"I hope it comes sooner, my friend. Every day the Alliance's hold on the hearts of our people grows. Gersal must be diverted from this path of dependency."
"It will come. I know it in my heard, Mastrash. Our evidence will come. And we will succeed in convincing the people to withdraw." Karesl nodded. "And that way our people will be saved."
"Let us hope so, Karesl. Let us hope that blasted prophecy does not come true after all. It could be the end of everything..."
"Mi rake sa swevyra iso, Karesl. Make your swevyra give you helpful visions as you dream." Goras' image disappeared from the screen.
The following morning Zack woke up feeling content, even refreshed. For the first time in years he thought he and his Dad had a real bond and that things were going to be farther. He knew it hadn't been easy for Gerald Carrey to admit to mistakes and the fact that he had...
After getting a glass of milk to wet his throat a little, Zack walked into the living room to go into the bedroom hall beyond - his old room had been behind the garage while his parents' room was on the other end of the house. He stopped for a moment to see Clara still asleep on the sofa. He knew she'd gone to bed weeping and felt bad at lashing out at her. He wasn't sure how to handle whatever feelings he had for her, but...
"I'm sorry, Clara. I'll make it up to you," he whispered. As he gently put the sheet back on her from where it'd fallen off during the night, he wondered about his father urging him to consider Clara as a partner. He could see why. He wondered if he should. It wasn't like Julia was going to...
No. He wasn't going to think about Julia today. Today was about him and his Dad. He'd handle that re-opened wound when he came to it.
Zack finished the glass of milk and went into the bedroom. He knew his Dad had been through a long night, but with the sun out and bright it seemed like he'd be up or ready to get up. He knocked at the door. "Dad! It's almost nine in the morning, Dad." When there was no grumbling or shouts from the other end he opened the door. "Dad..."
He focused on his father on the bed, dead to the world. Drawing in a sigh Zack took the five steps to the side of the bed and...
Right away Zack knew it was too late for anything. He'd seen enough dead bodies over the past few years, of people he and the others were too late to save. But a part of him rejected this. "Dad!", he called out, putting his hand on his father's bare shoulder and pushing at it. His body was rigid and his skin cold. "Dad! DAD!"
In the living room Clara jolted upright in the sofa at hearing Zack's anguished voice. She ran into the bedroom and found him laying over the bed, holding his dead father and crying.
It took twenty minutes for paramedics to get there. They hadn't been in too big a hurry since it had been clear that there was no one to save. The lead paramedic, a face Zack barely remembered from school, took Gerald's vitals and pronounced him to be dead. The deputies for the county sheriff came next. They were polite. Zack remembered one as a common face at the high school baseball games he'd played in. They asked how he'd found his father. And they asked about the previous night. Zack explained their outing.
Naturally they wanted to, and they wanted copies. Zack took them out to the Susquehanna and let them watch the ship's flight log and external log from the moonwalk. He replicated a DVD-format disc with the records on it as well as their life sign readings during the excursion.
This satisfied them enough that they said nothing while the coroner secured Gerald. Zack kissed his father's forehead before the bag was zipped up and he was taken out.
He stumbled into the living room and collapsed into his Dad's recliner. Clara walked up to him. "Zack, if you need anything..."
Everyone on the Rio Grande was watching as a transport ship, responding to Jarod's request, opened the jump point back home for them. The runabout accelerated through the point and found the Aurora waiting for them on the other end. "How big is that thing?"
Jarod looked to Broots. "A kilometer long, over three hundred meters wide, a hundred meters tall. I helped build it. Not in a big way, but enough to be proud of her."
"She's beautiful, Jarod, you should be proud," Sydney assured him. He looked away while Angel secured landing permission, finding Miss Parker standing by herself near the cabin door. He took the three steps from where he was to where she was standing. "Are you all right?"
"It's a shock," Sydney agreed. "But Jarod has done us a favor. The Centre was going to come for us soon, even if he hadn't come back. You have to know that."
Sydney shook his head. "I can't be sure. Mister Parker is an exceptional man, however. He has a knack for survival and I'm sure he will find a way."
"it's not good enough, though," she muttered. "Not nearly good enough. And now we get to be Jarod's pets."
The question was pointed and direct. Miss Parker remained quiet for a moment. "Sure, Sydney. I'll go back and take a bullet to the head. It'll be nice and quick." She put a hand on her forehead. "Dammit, i need a cigarette."
Their conversation ended as the ship landed in the Aurora shuttle bay. "And we're home," Angel sighed. "With a day to spare."
"The third anniversary celebration for the New Liberty Colony," Jarod explained. You're all invited. It'll be fun."
With appropriate phone calls made to long-distant family that Zack never really liked, he started packing up mementoes and family valuables, taking the ones he planned on keeping to the Susquehanna and setting aside the other ones for his cousins. His father had made being in a family tough, but most Carreys were familiar with the problems of alcohol and that side, at least, would be coming in over the next several days for his father's service.
Working like this had the advantage that it was something to do, something to get his mind off of the pain in his heart. Two days ago he wondered if he'd ever see his father alive again and wasn't sure he wanted to; now he'd had the hope of a better relationship with him and now... now there was nothing.
It was in the early afternoon when Zack was setting a box of pictures in the Susquehanna, just to hear the comm system go off. Before he could get to the station it relayed to his multidevice, allowing him to answer on it. "Hello," he answered.
"Hey Zack." It was Julia. "The big day is tomorrow, I was wondering if you were going to make it back?"
"I... I don't know," he admitted. His voice caught in his throat and he could see her expression shift to concern. He forced himself to find his voice. "Julie, my Dad died this morning."
He could hear her gasp through the comm link. "Oh God. I'm so sorry, Zack. I'm... I'm sorry. Is there anything we can do?"
"Tell everyone I probably won't make it to the celebration," he replied. "I've got to get things set up. I've got papers to sign, family to contact... a funeral to plan. That kind of thing."
Meridina was pleased that the second day of touring for Karesl went smoothly. So smoothly that he had opted to return planetside, requiring only a brief trip back to the assigned quarters before escorting him to a transporter room. "Is this what you believe is our future, Meridina?", Karesl asked.
"No, Mastrash, it is not," was her reply. "I am doing an important service in this post and I wish to continue that."
"I wish I could convince you otherwise, Meridina." Karesl shook his head. "Should a wedge ever come between our people and the Allied Systems, you may regret this choice."
"Then I must prevent such a wedge from forming." Meridina tried to control her apprehension. Was he warning her of a plot of some sort? Or was it simple talk? She couldn't tell. He was always hard for her to read.
When they arrived at the transporter room Meridina was quite surprised to see Jarod there, standing near the transporter operator with Lucy and Angel. A number of people were nearby wearing clothes Meridina associated with Robert and the others; clearly they were from Jarod's Earth. "Lieutenant Draynal already has the paperwork," Jarod said to her. "They're going to meet with Beth today about getting emergency residency set up."
Meridina nodded at her before looking to the transporter operator. "Chief Mayga, are they in the queue ahead of my scheduled transport."
Meridina nodded and looked to her father, who was looking at Lucy. Lucy clearly noticed the look and gave it back. "Can I help you, sir?", she asked.
"Nothing, Lieutenant. I was simply enjoying the sense of happiness I feel here. It is good to see positive thoughts like that, it makes swevyra stronger." Karesl stepped up onto the pad. "Mi rake sa swevyra iso, Meridina."
After Karesl disappeared Sydney turned to Jarod. "I'm not sure I've ever heard a language like that before. Where are they from?"
"Convergent evolution, Sydney." Jarod nodded to Meridina. "Sorry if we got in your way, Commander. I'm going down with them as an advocate."
"Robert is already on the planet, Commander Jarod, I'm sure he'll provide assistance," she answered. "And I suspect Commander Andreys will gladly invite them to join us for the celebration tomorrow."
"She already did," Jarod replied. He stepped up on the transporter platform. Debbie almost dragged her father into place beside him. Angel was the lst to step up, standing beside Miss Parker. "Energize."
Clara had gone part of the day to report to the nursing service she worked for and file the paperwork on Gerald Carrey's death. When she returned she found Zack sitting in his bed, a box of family photos on his lap and one framed photo in his hands. "Dad used to be good at controlling the habit," he remarked quietly. "I mean, up until I was about twelve I thought we had the happiest family you could have. I didn't know how badly my mother's family hated him, or how his family felt about him. I hadn't learned about our little family problem."
"I sort of started it," Clara admitted. "I mean,,, yeah, I started it because of you. I was hoping he would tell me why you had left. He was mad at you about it and said some, well..."
"Don't worry about it." Zack shook his head. "I'm just happy he had someone to talk to." After taking in a breath that sounded like a sigh, he continued, "I've always wanted to hate him. Well, I've actually felt a lot of hate for him. But I wish... Clara, it's just so complicated. Dad ruined my baseball career. He drove mother sick. He feuded with everyone. He made my life miserable." With tears at the corners of his eyes, Zack stopped for a moment. "But he was my Dad. And I know he loved me. And he was ready to be a family again, but I came back too damn late..."
He shook his head at that. "Clara, there were days... oh God... there were days where I wanted this," he confessed. "Where I was so tired of his drinking and his put-downs and the contempt and... I wanted him to die, Clara. I just wanted it over with! And now I've gotten that wish when I never..."
If he had expected Clara to react angrily, he was disappointed. All she did was shake her head and set her hand on his shoulder. "You really didn't mean that. Sometimes, Zack, we think things because we're angry and upset, we don't really mean them."
Zack heard her words, but he was already jumping from one shame to the next in his head. He thought of Adrana and how the computer being there had felt, in his heart, a desire to see his friend Robert dead to clear the way for him to be with Julia. He wondered if that thought had grown from his thoughts about his father.
"Clara, I've got a dark side," he admitted. "I've seen it. There's a part of me that would..." He swallowed, unwilling to admit what happened in his head. It was too shameful. "I've come to realize lately that I need to be honest with myself about things. About who I am, what I am. And who I want to be with."
"You mean Julia?", Clara asked quietly. A little too quietly. The quiet tone that indicated disappointment mixed with a feeling of, one would guess, inevitability.
"Oh." Clara gave a gentle nod. "But wouldn't that be better? You know it's not going to happen but you... you're just torturing yourself if you don't get a definite answer. Otherwise you think that maybe, just maybe, they'll say yes in the future. Maybe they'll come to you or something will happen and..."
Zack put a finger to her lips. "Clara, it's okay. You're right that it's something I should consider doing. But I'm going to do it on my time, okay? My time." He put the photo back in the box. "Well, I need to get finished. Got to get the house ready for everyone."
"A few. My dad's only surviving sibling, some of my cousins. Not as many as we have. Dad didn't have many friends in the family." Zack sighed. "And I have to see if there's a minister or pastor willing to hold the service. I'm not looking forwar to seeing Pastor Allen again."
"Oh, you won't, he left about fifteen months ago," Clara answered. "We've got some new guy, a young kid from one of the Bible colleges."
"Only a couple of times when we asked, when your Dad's condition started getting worse. They got along."
For a moment it seemed like she would ask something, but at the last moment she held off. "Nothing. Just.... I'll talk to you later, okay?"
The crowds were gathering and the VIPs coming together for the parade as part of the anniversary celebration of New Liberty Colony. The Aurora crew were not present with them as they were preparing for their part in the parade. The entire command crew save Meridina were taking places on the anti-grav powered float vehicle made up to look like the Aurora... if it was made of styrofoam and plaster and rubber.
It provided the perfect opportunity for Jarod, at least, as he finished walking up the steps to the main platform of the float with Sydney, Nicholas, and almost everyone else behind him. Only Miss Parker was not in attendance, brooding instead in the apartment that Beth Rankin had signed off for her.
"Everyone, I would like you to meet Sydney. He's the closest thing I've had to a father," Jarod announced. "He's spent years trying to protect me and guide me. I wouldn't be here today if not for him."
"It's an honor, Sydney," Robert added, shaking the older man's hand. "Have you figured out what you intend to do?"
"Oh, there is so much I have to learn now," Sydney admitted, smiling slightly. "But I imagine Manager Rankin will find some use of my education."
"Oh, I know she will," Robert answered. He felt a pull at his uniform and looked down at Broots' daughter. "Yes?"
"I'll take care of their tour," Jarod said. He stopped and lowered his head. "I heard about Zack. Are we...?"
"We're invited to the funeral," Robert answered. "I got permission this morning to take the Aurora. To make it work, President Morgan made us the official transport for the dignitaries of the governments attending here. We'll be there for Zack when he needs us."
"I look forward to meeting your friend," Sydney said. "I understand the grief he's going through, so if I can help in any way, you just have to ask."
"Thanks for that," Robert said. He noticed a figure signalling to him from nearby. "And that's our cue. Seats, everyone. The parade is about to start!"
With the bedrooms cleaned out and the things Zack didn't want arranged to be presented to the rest of the family, Zack suddenly found himself alone in the Carrey home. Painful silence told of nothing to distract him from the pain he was having to face.
He tried to eat, but couldn't. He tried some of the grape juice in the fridge, but the taste was bland. He checked the television for something, anything, to distract him.
He stopped after finding a baseball game. Remembering what he had almost had, what his father had cost him, made it too painful.
Zack returned to cleaning. Just normal cleaning. He never liked cleaning, but it was something to do. Something that felt right to do. THe laundry room was cleared up and the kitchen and the back storeroom...
He opened one box and found, unsurprisingly, his father's booze stash. He wouldn't have been able to help himself, Zack knew. He'd find ways to get some. Zack brought the box into the kitchen, intending to pour every drop into the sink. He pulled the first bottle out, a bottle of bourbon, and stared at it.
He had always felt like his father drank because he liked it, that being drunk was a state that the elder Carrey somehow, inexplicably, liked. But he knew better now. Gerald Carrey had kept going back to the bottle because it was his way to deal with the pain and frustration of every day life. He insisted thatit made the pain go away.
Zack found himself opening the bottle. He smelled the booze and, even as instinctive revulsion filled him, continued to consider it. And for a moment, he thought about pouring a glass.
With more will than he thought he'd have to muster, Zack brought the bottle up to the sink and poured its contents out.
Jarod and Angel had come down to bring up the others for their tour of the Aurora. The others were already on their way to the nearest transporter, leaving only Miss Parker who was still locked up in her apartment. Jarod knocked at the door. "Any plans tonight after the tour?"
The door slid open and Parker stood at it, her arms crossed. "Your people need better cigarettes," she complained, holding one. "This... this thing is horrible!"
"Replicated cigarettes only put in a chemical nicotine substitute at a low concentration," Angel added. "It's so people don't get addicted."
"I noticed," Angel replied. "The local doctors can write you an authorization for a nicotine patch to wean off the substance."
"I'm sure there's replicator patterns with more nicotine in them out there," Angel pointed out. "Just look."
"Why?" Miss Parker's face curled into an angry smile. "So you can show me off like a trophy? 'Here's the evil Miss Parker who hunted me, and she'd be dead if I hadn't shot her', right? No thanks Jarod."
Miss Parker sneered at Angel while Jarod stepped away. Angel saw him head down the stairs and turned back to Miss Parker. She brought a hand up. "I don't care what you do with your life, lady. Go smoke until you get lung cancer, find a life, whatever. But I'm letting you know this now."
Angel cleared her face of all emotion. "Jarod is a part of my crew. He's a part of my family now. And if you do anything to harm him, I'm going to kill you." She turned. "If you can't be nice or even gratefu;l, Miss Parker, just stay away from Jarod. Or I'll make you regret it."
Miss Parker said nothing as Angel walked away. She closed the door behind her and went up to her desk. A private computer system came alive at her fingertips. She had a lot of learning to do.
A lot of learning, if she was ever going to adapt to this whole new "world" that Jarod had dragged her into... so that she could drag Jarod right back to her father.
"Yes," Karesl answered. "But I had no opportunity to interview her. I do know she has used her swevyra lately, I could feel the power having surfaced within her."
Karesl's expression tightened at the tone. "She may be my daughter by blood, Goras, but you know I will not protect her. Do not insult me with such suspicion."
Karesl shifted in his seat. He knew his daughter had not trained Lieutenant Lucy Lucero, but he wondered if that extended to Meridina talking to Lucero about it.
You have resisted your passions enough to not train them, Meridina, and in recognition of that I will accept what has happened so far. But my patience runs only so long...
Robert was sitting quietly in his quarters. Without anything else his mind went back to Zack. He could only imagine the emotions sweltering in his friend at losing his father. While old man Carrey had been an unpleasant man usually, he was still Zack's father. How did they last speak? Was it a fight? Were they mending the fence? I think either will tear Zack's heart to pieces.
Desperate to get his mind off of things, Robert brought up reports for the day and the paperwork that had to be filed before they departed to his "home" Earth in the morning. He had made his way through some of the paperwork when his door chime went off. "Come in," he called out.
The door slid open and Angel entered, wearing her duty uniform. "The tour's over. Debbie was falling asleep before we even got to Engineering."
He smiled thinly in reply. "Yeah. Well, it's a big ship, and she had an exciting day. I've already asked Beth about making sure they all have work."
"But only a little. He still has to find his family." Robert sighed and finished the final line of paperwork, using a digital stencil to put his signature on it. He stood up and walked around his small desk. "So, want a snack from the Lookout or something?"
Angel's smile curved with amusement. "I was wondering about something else. I mean, I've got all of these bruises from the bullets hitting my field uniform, I could use some... gentle attention to them."
"Robert... I almost got killed," Angel pointed out, a little heatedly. "If they'd gotten closer and got a shot at my head, I would be gone. Any of us could be gone. We almost lost Zack and Jarod and Cat last month. And remember how close Abydos was, and the freaking Nazis and the Cardassians..." Angel took his hands. "We could die out here. Why worry about something like this? If it doesn't work out, it doesn't work out."
"You're alone. And... just this once, Rob? Can't we try?" She pressed herself against him. "So we don't regret anything?"
He considered saying no again. He almost did. But Robert looked into her intense hazel eyes and felt his resistance wane. For all of his feelings in other directions, he could still feel some of them for Angel, and after all of the bumps they'd taken this year her points found ready ground in his heart.
Down the hall, Jarod sat quietly in his quarters with a drink at his table and an unfinished late snack of a pastry from Hargert's kitchen. The screen showed a slice of the data he'd gotten from Angelo and Angel's raid on the Centre. He already knew some of this stuff. Some was new. It'd take him time to go through it, given his duties.
But it'd be done. Because within this data he knew he had the clues he needed to find his parents and his sister... and the means to destroy the Centre once and for all.
The Aurora crew's "return home" was a subdued one. They'd gotten weird looks when they beamed straight to the church where Pastor Allen's replacement, Pastor Everett, was holding the service. Zack had gotten hugs from them all in turn. As he accepted Jarod's, he said, "I heard you got your mentor to safety."
The service was long enough. At the right time Zack stepped up to the podium. "Sometimes I hated him," Zack finally admitted. "I hated his flaws. We...he wasn't the best father and I wasn't the best son. But I think he tried. He was fighting something and it... he couldn't fight it all the time. And it hurt him as much as it hurt us. I... at least we.... I got to make him smile one last time. I..."
And then he stopped. The pain was too much. He'd made his Dad smile again, yes. But everything they'd talked about that night, to and from the Moon where his father had always dreamed to walk... none of it would happen now. He'd never show his Dad New Liberty, or the Amethyst Cliffs of Jeli, the Rings of Carina, or any of the other beautiful sights the Multiverse would have offered him.
He'd finally gotten his father back... and had lost him for good before they could do anything about it.
As he broke down, two figures jumped from the front seat. Julia was intent on getting to his side and helping her distraught friend, but Clara was faster. She took Zack into her arms and helped him away from the podium, unable to stop his weeping.
After the service Zack took up his place as a pallbearer. Only one cousin would join him, leaving the other spots for his friends. Robert stood behind him, Julia across from Robert, and Tom Barnes and Angel took up the rear. The procession brought the casket out to the Herse vehicle, from which it was driven to the cemetary.
Clara took whomever she could in her car to be part of the procession, with Zack seated beside her. The rest waited until they arrived and beamed over in the Aurora. Their presence was not commented on by the other mourners; everyone knew what they were, and all remained quiet for the moment in respect for the deceased. Another service was held at the grave, with a hymn and prayers as they prepared to lower Gerald Carrey to join Zack's mother. The entire time, Zack found Clara's hand still holding his.
By the time it was over, Zack felt like he had nothing left, like his very tear-ducts were exhausted. He accepted final condolences from the handful of attendees. The others went to a chosen beam out point.
Before he went to join them, Clara grasped his arms. "I'm so sorry for you, Zack," she said. "If you need anything, you can call."
"Thanks, Clara." His voice felt hoarse. "Listen, Clara... I'm sorry if I've hurt you by refusing to come back."
"You're welcome. Now get back out there, astronaut boy." Clara winked at him and gave him a kiss on the cheek. With her mouth close to his ears, she whispered, "And talk to Julia. When you're ready."
Clara Davis stood quietly and watched as Zack returned to his friends. They all waved back to him and, in pillars of light, disappeared into thin air. She breathed and wondered what that felt like.
"I don't want you to come home," she sighed. "I want you to stay out there, Zack. Because I'm coming too."
It would take a little time, but she'd make her way out into the stars too. And maybe.... maybe he'd feel the same way as she did by the time they met again. And they'd have a life together out there, on distant worlds.
A persistant chirp came over the comm line, forcing Robert to wake up. He turned in bed and smacked the receiver, noting the time as he did so. "It's zero three fifty," he protested. "What is it?"
"Rob... I mean, Captain!" The eager voice could only be Caterina's. "I need to see you in Astrography now! It's important!"
As soon as the channel cut, Robert turned in the bed again. His hand reached out and touched Angel's bare shoulder as she opened her eyes sleepily. "Go back to sleep, Rob," she complained.
Getting out of bed and allowing Angel to pull the sheets back over herself, Robert pulled on his duty uniform and ventured out into the ship. At the turbolift he was met by Julia. "She called you too?"
"Yeah," Julia muttered. "If it's not important, I may have to suspend her off-duty lab access for a month."
"Computer, Deck 12, Astrography." He paused. "Good. It's a deal. Four months ban from off-duty access."
The sleepy duo got into astrography and found Caterina and Barnes sitting at the main controls with Jarod standing nearby. "You beat us here?", Robert asked Jarod.
"I was already here," Jaord answered. "Cat had me double check their readings." He frowned at seeing their looks. "I guess I should have called you instead."
"We'll punish you later," Julia joked... well, half-joked. "So, what is so important that you had to wake us up?"
"I've been running a search algorithim through the fleet's sensor logs," Cat explained. "Looking for the signs of dimensionally transcendental fields in operation. And I found a number of positive sensor readings! So I..."
"...called my ass down to double-check, since I'd been doing so much work examining the one we had in the Facility," Barnes continued. "And yeah, it's the real deal. We just have to narrow down a system due to the sensor shadow the field effect gives off."
"And I double-checked all of their findings to make sure we didn't have a false positive." Jarod tapped a nearby screen, showing two wavelengths. "Sensor readings of the Facility's signature and this one from the logs. They match within a reasonable margin of error. It's got to be a related phenomenom."
Robert hovered over Caterina and Barnes' shoulders as they brought up the data display on their screens, showing even more matching data. "And we think we can narrow it down to one of these systems," Cat said. The Astrography hologram shifted to show highlighted systems. "With further scans at closer range we could triangulate a more exact spot to search.
That prompted everyone's attention back to the astrographical map. The holographic map showed a line running through space with the suspect area entirely on the side opposite of the UAS symbol.
Robert hit his multidevice's comm button. "Dale to Bridge. I need a Priority One channel to Admiral Maran's office, now." His eyes never left the map, focused as they were on the symbol opposite from the UAS torch insignia.
"Let's hope they don't know what they've got there." Julia put a hand on the console, enlarging the map. "It'll be our best shot to beating them to it."
Ship's Log: 13 May 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. We've arrived at Harris Station in S4W8 to meet with Admiral Maran and the President's Defense Staff about Lieutenant Delgado's report on a Darglan Facility existing across the border in Reich territory. With the meeting just hours away, the senior staff is assembling to take a final look at the data we have gathered.
The command staffs for both the Aurora and the Koenig filled the main conference room to capacity. Robert put his hands on the table and let out a breath. He had been hoping over the past few days that further examination would show their initial findings to be off and that there was no Darglan facility. "So we're certain?", he asked wearily.
Meridina gave a nod in reply. "The reports I received from Lieutenant Delgado are confirmed. The Security Operations office has provided me with reports from intelligence sources showing that the Reich has been expanding its presence in this entire region since our contact. They are moving into the zone specified by Caterina's findings."
Julia was quicker to speak than Robert was. "So sooner or later, they're going to have an active presence in the systems where we think the Facility might be?"
Angel nodded. "As soon as next week when you consider their current rate of expansion. They'll have sensor buoys and patrols up across that entire area."
"If they secure those systems, we'll never be able to get in quietly," Julia said. "We would have to go in with force."
"And that would start a war," Robert added, his voice sounding tired. "We can't let that happen. Does anyone have suggestions for us before the Defense Staff arrives?"
Robert watched them all disperse, but try as he might, his mind kept going back to his dreams, and to his final words with Captain Lamper from the Reich.
Angel caught his attention with an intent look. He'd woken her up the night before, tossing around from his dreams. She knew how unsettled he was. The fact they were together again was helping a little, although a voice in his head kept pointing out this was a mistake and that when it ended he'd better hope it ended well, otherwise the trouble they'd have...
Robert took a breath to force the thoughts out of his head. This was no time for worrying about dreams or his complicated relationship with Angel. He had to prepare to receive the most powerful military officers in the Alliance on his ship. He should focus on that.
Caterina and Angel were the only ones to take the side turbolift out of the conference room. Angel could see how nervous her little sister was and put a hand on her shoulder. Cat rubbed her hands together and shuddered. "Julia said I'd have to give the briefing. I'm going to have to talk to those Generals and Admirals."
Cat put her hands on her head in a gesture of frustration and some terror. "But I'm not so good at doing that in front of people! I'll get nervous and screw it up, and they'll be all over me and Rob and Julia will take the blame!"
Angel used her hand to twist her sister around so they could look eye to eye. "Believe in yourself a little, sis." She took Caterina into a hug, ending her nervous twitching.
The hug lasted long enough for their turbolift to stop. Science Lab 2 was just around the corner. They entered it to find it empty, just as scheduled, allowing Caterina to compile her data for presentation without the science staff seeing her. As she watched the screens confirm downloads into a data slip, she looked up. So, uh, Angel you and Robert?
Clearly this discussion had been anticipated, and clearly Angel didnt want to have it. Not well, its sort of Seeing the skeptical look on Caterinas face she gave in. I think we are.
Angel rolled her eyes. Stuff what I said before. If I feel its right and something I want to do, Im going to do it.
Even if it doesnt Angel made a dive for safety by changing the subject. Whatever happens, Ill handle it. Weve got this to focus on now.
Seriously, Cat, relax. Weve planned everything out. Everything has been considered. Itll be fine.
Meridina was taking the time to check up on things in the security office. Lieutenant Parga Draynal, one of her senior subordinates, looked up from the main security desk as she entered. "Commander, I didn't expect to see you here," he said, finishing his work on the main console. "Are you relieving me?"
"I am going to attend the meeting with the Defense Staff," she answered, shaking her head. "Do you have the performance reviews I requested?"
"I will speak to him." Meridina went to her desk, holding the datapad and reviewing the findings. Liton had been failing to meet standards for months now, with several indications that he wasn't making connections to his peers.
A shiver went up Meridina's spine. Something felt wrong. It made her focus more on the reports, seeking answers. It seemed the only way to deal with the dread building up inside of her.
The meeting was taking place on the Station; Admiral Maran and the Defense Staff were present, with Admiral Lithgon also in attendance. The senior officers sat at a semi-circular table with Maran in the middle seat and Lithgon at one end.
Beside that table and close to the holo-projector was where the staff from the Aurora sat. Robert was in the seat nearest the main table, Julia beside him, Zack past her, and on to Meridina, Jarod, Angela, and Caterina, who was out of her seat and pointing toward the projector and the sensor data on it. Further scans have confirmed the earlier readings. Its a Darglan facility of some kind. Were not sure if its the same as the one on our Earth.
The Defense Staff murmured amongst itself Admiral Maran let the murmuring go for a short while before he asked, And youre absolutely certain its in Reich space?
We need close range scans to confirm the exact location, but the potential area from the scans we do have is entirely on their side of the border. Caterina drew in a breath, trying to wrestle with her nervousness.
The Staff began murmuring to itself again. One Dorei general, with dark purple complexion and teal spots, was relaying the material to his personal display to overlook.
Maran turned to the man on his right. General Hatcher, do we have any indication that the Reich knows whats there?
The thin-faced, lanky older man shook his head. No indications as of yet. But we dont have any strong intel sources in the Reich so I cant say for certain.
So this isnt urgent? The man to Marans left was giving Robert and the others a look that made clear his dislike. Robert recognized him as Admiral Davies, the Vice CNO of the Navy. Is there a reason we were called out for this?
Robert nodded. We found signals that the Reich is surveying the area. If were going to investigate, we need to do it soon.
Davies gave a look that showed how much he trusted the Aurora crews decision-making. Well make that call. He directed his fierce gaze at Caterina. Now, Lieutenant Delgado, if this is one of those Darglan facilities, what are our options?
Calling Caterina out was enough to make her unsettled, but the fierce look on Davies face made her feel like crumpling. Well um Admiral
Caterina had almost jumped, even if Davies hadnt quite shouted. Uh, yes...yes s-sir She swallowed and drew in a couple of breaths to regain her composure. It didnt work well, but it was enough that she could resume before Davies laid into her more. There are w-ways to destroy a Facility from the inside, sir. We could... could engineer a rea-reaction to enrich naqia into instability and s-set it off as an explosive, or if we... we have enough solar torpedoes available they could be used as b-bombs." Caterina sucked in a breath as Davies' eyes glared at her, clearly impatient with her nervous stuttering. "A big enough explosion will take out the DT field that sustains the pocket dimension. If we have time we could also try an override to disable the DT field. Either way, everything inside would be crushed. She looked like she had barely made it through the rest of her comments without stuttering again.
Davies diverted his glare to Zack, but didnt get the same effect. We have more experienced officers for such a mission, Commander. There was something in the way he used Zacks rank that said This is not the rank I think youve earned, but it was not a strong enough sense to be felt, so to speak.
Maran gave a nod to Zack. However, the crew of the Aurora has more experience with Darglan technology than any other crew we could send. I believe the Aurora and Koenig are the right choices for this mission.
Davies looked over at his chief and, for a moment, it was clear the two men were strongly at odds and that this was a battle theyd already waged. But Davies would say nothing; he was, obviously, a military man, and you didnt contradict your commander in this environment.
As if Maran needed support, Hatcher spoke up. I concur. The Aurora can be on standby near the border to respond if the mission is jeopardized, and the Koenigs the only ship of its type we have available for this kind of operation. They should go. The only question I have is if Commander Carrey is ready to resume duty given his experience on Adrana.
"Doctor Gillam examined him yesterday," Robert replied. "He's given him leave to return to active duty."
Robert, for his part, was already considering the situation, and his concerns for what it could mean. Im worried about how the Reich will react if they realize what were doing.
Let us worry about that, Captain, Maran said. Just concentrate on preparing your crew for the mission.
Meridina returned to her security office where Draynal was waiting for her. He stood up. "How did the meeting go?"
"I have heard rumors that it will involve a penetration of Reich territory," Draynal said. "Should we get the security team alerted?"
Meridina began preparing the lists for the extra security personnel she would send along to the Koenig for their mission. Part of her mind was on this task, the other was her concern over Admiral Davies behavior. Human militaries seemed so stratified to her. Too narrow-minded. That he would deny the Aurora crew their just posts because he didnt feel they were senior enough was to her a foolish thought; merit, not age, should determine such things as rank or place.
She returned her attention to the performance reviews. As she did so, Meridina felt a continued unease. Her swevyra resonated with trepidation about the mission, not simply the stakes and the risk, but the fears that something unexpected was coming. For months now she had felt concerns about the ship, that something was wrong.
Specifically, her concerns had focused on two people: Lieutenant Parga Draynal and Ensign Kyle Liton.
Each was in that section of Deep Space Nine that had made Lucy Lucero feel like her life was in danger. And since that time, the number of security events had increased, especially with access attempts to protected data on the ship. Liton was in computer security, and Draynal handled that division among his many duties. And yet she had seen nothing from either to indicate treachery.
Meridina looked up at hearing a chime at the door. Julia entered at her prompting. "Meridina, we're going over the crew that's going along on the Koenig for the mission. Do you have any recommendations for who will lead the security staff?"
"That makes three senior staff officers since Caterina and Jarod are going too," Julia answered. "Are you sure you need to be the one? Lieutenant Draynal could handle it."
Meridina stopped herself from immediately reacting with a refusal. "He will be better employed overseeing security while we're gone."
Julia nodded quietly. Her eyes narrowed slightly. "Meridina, is this about the computer access issues we've had lately?"
Meridina looked up at her. Even without a connected swevyra Julia was an intelligent and capable person, and rather observant. Meridina was allowing her sense of discomfort to become too open. "I am simply better suited for the mission than Draynal. Darglan technology may react to my presence by reducing security safeguards, just as the last Facility showed a special holo-program to me upon my presence being confirmed."
That prompted a nod. "Alright. We'll add you to the mission. Be ready at 1000 hours tomorrow for departure."
Robert stood on the bridge of the Aurora and looked through flame and smoke to the looming image of... he couldn't make it out save that it was terrifying. Just like always.
The Aurora bridge wasn't there any more. He was somewhere sterile and gray. He turned and saw Sturmbannfhrer Fassbinder walk down the corridor with two armed men following them. Between them he saw... Julia?! She was slouched down and in pain. "What... Julie?!" He reached for his holster and found... something he'd never seen before. Or had he? Something about odd device on his waist where his holster should be seemed familiar...
The image shifted again. It was the girl in the red vest and skirt with gold trim. He could feel the energy coursing around her, threatening to expode with destructive power. "Help me," she said. "I don't know how...." Her hazel eyes closed briefly. When they re-opened, all he could see was solid white light. It kept growing until...
...Robert didn't recognize where he was now. Something about it seemed familiar, like something he'd seen in a recording or a broadcast or some such thing. He was standing at the start of a long platform facing three raised podiums, a large window behind it looking out to... what? He couldn't make it out. A single figure stood at the end of the long platform, operating holo-controls. When the figure turned Robert saw it wasn't Human... Gray scaly skin, a swept back skull, Robert thought he recognized the species from M4P2. Bright, unnatural blue eyes looked at him. "You're fighting a hopeless battle," the alien said. "Our only hope is to serve."
"You're wrong," a voice called out beside him. Robert turned in time to see solid blue energy form over a figure, which became a blur as it charged the alien....
...and he was back on the Aurora bridge, full of flame and smoke. "Shields offline!", he heard Jarod cry out. "They're breaking off to...."
On the viewscreen he saw a familiar planet. "New Liberty", he murmured to himself. He could make out the shape of the growing city he had helped to found on the planet's surface.
It was enveloped in explosions a moment later. Weapons fire descended on it from above, and as if in response to his thoughts, the viewscreen showed what was firing at the planet. A large, dark gray warship, with red warp nacelles and...
At that point Robert woke up violently. He looked around at his dimly lit quarters, trying to reassure himself he was just dreaming. He sat up and put his forehead into his hands. This was the worst nightmare he'd had in months.
A hand touched his bare side and shoulder. He felt Angela press against him from behind, her chin setting down on his right shoulder, her warmth subduing the shivers the dream had caused him. "Another nightmare?", she asked.
"I've had more than one dream like that." Angel kissed him on the cheek. "Lay back down and go to sleep. You need the rest."
Robert turned and faced her. Angel's hazel eyes were dark in the dim light of their quarters, but they were shining with affection and love. He reached over and put his hand on her upper arm just below shoulder, enjoying the contact of her soft skin under his fingers, the feel of her muscle beneath the skin. It was muscle earned from a life of work and training. All from Angela's determination to do what she had to do to protect what mattered to her.
He brought his hand down and took her's. It was a hand that he knew could deliver a beating. He'd learned that the hard way with all the times he'd agreed to spar with her and been made to regret it. It amazed him that the same hand capable of delivering a wicked punch could provide such a soft and loving touch, but...
...but it also made him so very aware of his feelings, not just for Angela, but for Julia. The feelings that had welled up within him when they had kissed after escaping the doomed Darglan Facility. It had been a celebration of survival, yes, but it could become so much more.
Some would say that a man who enjoyed the love and affection of two women like Angela and Julia was the luckiest man in the cosmos.
I'm distracting myself, Robert thought. He had other things to deal with now. He couldn't let this distract him. "I'll get back to bed soon," he promised, swinging his legs over to get up. "But first I have something to do. Don't wait up for me."
"I do. And I will. But this is something that is... I can't describe it. But there's only one person on the ship who can help me." After pulling on his uniform pants, Robert reached over and tapped the comm button on the nearby nightstand. "Captain Dale to Commander Meridina. I know it's late, but I need to talk to you."
Meridina was waiting when Robert got to the security office. Despite being awoken in the middle of the night she seemed completely unfazed compared to the bags already forming under Robert's eyes. "What is your concern?", she asked.
Robert got into the seat in front of her desk and leaned forward. "Something strange is going on in my head. My dreams are becoming... I don't know how to describe it."
Meridina clamped down on all emotion. She didn't want to alarm Robert about what he was going through and what she thought it meant. "Perhaps just speaking on the imagery in your head will suffice."
"It fades after I'm awake for a while, but there are parts that stick with me. There was a girl, I didn't recognize her, in a red vest and skirt with gold trim. She was... it was like she was filled with energy but couldn't control it." Robert took a moment to collect his thoughts. "And there was one of those aliens from M4P2, I can't remember which, and he was talking to me, and... and..." His expression hardened. "That Nazi Fassbinder. He had Julia as a prisoner. And then I saw one of their warships destroy the Liberty Colony."
"Yes." Meridina sighed. "They are more. Your swevyra is finding connection to the wider universe. For some, it gives glimpses of what might become."
She almost regretted saying it. Mastrash Ledosh's warnings about not being too forward with them were always present in her thoughts. But Robert had come to her, and it was never in her order's policy to refuse aid to someone discovering their swevyra's power when they came for advice.
"Not necessarily," Meridina answered. "One thing to always keep in mind is that swevyra is unique for every individual, and connections to the rest of creation can be varied from this uniqueness. Some can see as you can, but have no other skill. For myself, for all that my swevyra allows me to accomplish I have never felt what the future may hold."
"While we have our prophecies, and indeed some have come true, the future is always changing and shifting as living beings follow their free will. Glimpses are solely those of what may transpire, not what will."
"It would mean the Reich got their hands on the Darglan IU drive, so yes. And if they were to take Julia because of that..." After a moment's contemplation he looked up. "This is it, isn't it? This whole mission is the decision that will decide whether we end up at war with the Nazis or not, and if they get that technology."
"It may be, yes. Your swevyra is subconsciously warning you of the possible outcomes to your decisions to come soon."
"There is a security breach in the computer systems, someone is attempting to penetrate the internal defenses protecting our IU drive data." Meridina stood up and pressed her multidevice's comm key. "This is Commander Meridina, all security teams converge on Computer Systems Control immediately."
When they arrived at Computer Control, a security team was already present, pulse pistols drawn and pointed at a single figure kneeling on tthe floor. Meridina stepped up to the captured man. "Ensign Liton, what were you doing?"
"I was just double-checking some code," Liton answered. "What's going on, Commander? Why am I being held?"
"Commander!" Another pair of security officers, one of them being Lieutenant Draynal, was standing beside the controls. Meridina went over to him with Robert behind her. "It appears that a virus was uploaded into the ship's computers. Extensive data copies have been made and are set for regular transmission into Horizon Station's public comm net."
"So it's being leaked all across S5T3," Robert said, feeling his eyes grow heavy as he felt the need for sleep build back up.
"Or elsewhere," Meridina added. She looked at the screen. "Ensign Liton's access codes are in place. Who authorized him to have this amount of data clearance?"
"I did," Draynal admitted. "After his re-assignment to this office. I had no idea he was going to be a security risk."
"We will talk about this later, Lieutenant," Meridina said. "Have Ensign Liton escorted to the brig, I will be interviewing him shortly."
"Yes Commander." Draynal nodded and brought the other security officers with him, having them escort the restrained Ensign along.
"Yes. He had high performance reviews at first, but as of late the reviews have been declining." Meridina looked over the screen again. "And there is another matter I am concerned with. But for now, I suggest you assign Commander Jarod to examine the compromised data and check the ship's systems for any signs of computer sabotage."
"I fear this is more important sir. Lieutenant Lucero has as much experience with Darglan technology as Commander Jarod does. Send her instead."
"Lucy?" Robert stifled a yawn as he tried to make his tired brain think. "Okay. That makes sense. And since you need to interrogate Liton, we should probably put someone else on the mission. Lieutenant Draynal sounds best."
And now she was stuck. She had to explain, to Robert, everything about what happened on Deep Space Nine. Given his fatigue he did well in listening and absorbing the information. "So Lucy got the jitters and you think something may have happened in that area of the station?"
"Liton was one of the security personnel who went into the area. It is possible he was meeting with a contact hiding there. Or was attacked and replaced by an imposter."
Feeling exhausted, Robert leaned against one of the control stations. "Meridina, if you're not going, I need to send someone to oversee security. Zack's crew isn't large enough. And Draynal has the right qualifications."
"Please, Robert," Meridina pleaded. "I have other subordinates. They can do just as well. Lieutenant Razal is trained to oversee a tactical team."
"But he doesn't have the comptuer science background, right?" Seeing her expression remain as it was, Robert sighed. "Okay, send Razal. I'll see you and the rest of the staff in a few hours for a meeting before we launch. I need to get some sleep now, though."
Robert nodded and walked out, letting out a yawn as he did so. Meridina was out right behind him, but she wasn't heading back to her quarters yet. She had something else in mind.
The moment she stepped into her security office she went for the secure communications line the office had for transmissions. She used it to establish one to the interuniversal transmission station at Harris Station and activate a direct link that had been set up months before.
Shortly afterward, a face appeared on her screen. "Commander, you look rather tired," Constable Odo of Deep Space Nine stated. "What can I do for you?"
"We have had a security breach, Constable, and it relates to what occurred during our time at your station," Meridina explained. "I would like to request you make a full search of...."
Some of Hargert's best coffee made the staff meeting bearable given the early time of 0700. Jarod was standing beside the main monitor, showing them computer code and systems information. "The virus that was found in Liton's workstation is a sophisticated data-sifter code. The coding is adaptive, intrusive, and very hard to find if you don't have the base code to establish search parameter."
"From what I can tell? It went through our systems looking for technical data and establishing back door access codes into ship security and communications," Jarod replied. "Meridina and I will be spending days trying to hunt it down. I'm not even finished determining all of the compromised systems."
Robert put his coffee down and rubbed at his eyes. He felt tired and groggy. More importantly, the entire mission was unraveling around him. With this in mind, how could he authorize the mission to go ahead with such a major security breach?
The image in his dream of a Nazi warship burning New Liberty flashed behind his eyes. If they found the Darglan facility instead, that could become true. The entire Multiverse would face invasion by the most horrific regime that the Human race had ever known.
"Unlikely," Jarod replied. "We never directly connect the ship's computer systems for this reason. Even a transmission goes through a firewall. Someone would have to directly introduce this into Koenig. And Ensign Liton has never been aboard her."
"I can have Magda go over our computer systems before we leave," Zack remarked. "Just to make sure."
"Maybe we should just abort," Caterina said. "I mean... if we have a spy on board, and they've compromised our systems to that extent, maybe they know what we're looking for. They'll probably know we're up to something. They could ruin it."
Zack looked to Robert and Julia. "She does. Admiral Maran will be upset, but it's better than the mission going wrong because we ignored a security problem like this. We should at least postpone it."
"Not possible. Not without tipping the Nazis off," Robert reminded them. "They've seen our fleet move. They'll know we're up to something if we stop and then do it again. It's either now or never." And if I choose wrong, New Liberty burns. Beth, Gabe, Ba....
"Rob, there's no guarantee they'll find it that quickly, and the Koenig can always slip in even if they start setting up there," Zack said. "If things go really bad, you'll be risking a war."
"I know," Robert answered, unable to keep the irritation out of his voice. "But the decision is mine. So long as Koenig doesn't have the same thing in its systems, we're launching. So make sure your ship is ready."
Zack lowered his head and avoied eye contact, although everything in his body language screamed disapproval. "Alright. Who is coming with my crew on the mission? You're keeping Meridina and Jarod now."
"If that's all, we've got a lot of work to do. Jarod, Scotty, Meridina, keep me informed of all developments. As long as the computers are clear, the Koenig will launch at 1100 hours. You're all dismissed."
Due to the small quarters on the Koenig, Zack kept most of his stuff in his assigned quarters on the Aurora. It wasnt hard to keep two sets of uniforms and toiletries and other essentials for each ship, but anything else he had to bring in his duffel bag.
Right now it was sitting on his bed, still zipped open, with a few items in it. An autographed good luck baseball he kept from a Kansas City game hed gone to as a kid, the second baseball from the state champion team hed pitched for in High School, a couple of pictures of his family and friends
He was holding a new photo now, one hed taken off the Susquehannas sensor logs, showing a picture of the visit to the moon hed taken his father on. They were in suits, of course, but the sensor image showed their faces through the plates and Gerald Carreys face was smiling.
The gaping hole in his heart ached again and he had to wipe away tears as he set the photo, lovingly, into the bag. When he looked up to consider a shelf newly-organized with things from the old family home, his eyes focused on one item; the bottle of expensive tequila that his father had wanted to share with him one day. It was something he had never thought of doing; hed seen his father ruin almost everything he touched under the influence of alcohol. Even now, knowing Gerald Carrey had honestly done that in an attempt to drown crippling feelings of failure, he couldnt stop seeing it as an evil influence.
.why did he keep it? Why didnt he pour it out like hed done the rest of his fathers stash of liquor? Why was it still unopened?
For a moment he almost put it in the bag, just to have it, and wondering about those questions. He stopped when there was a chirp at his door. Im in, he replied.
Zack put the bottle back on the shelf. "I think he's being stubborn about it. I understand. I wanted to wipe that look Davies' face too. But I'm the one being sent into this situation first. We're already going to try to sneak around under the Nazis' noses. Now I have to worry about this security breach."
"He is not being callous about the risk to you," Meridina remarked. "He is simply worried about the stakes."
"Oh, so you know all this?", Zack asked pointedly. "He can talk to you about it but not his best friend?"
"There are... other factors," Meridina said delicately. "But I know he would tell you if he could find the right words. Sometimes we fear talking about the contents of our souls with those whose opinions we care about."
"Me rockey sha swe...." He could see a flicker of amusement come over Meridina's stoic face. With a pained look, Zack gave up trying to pronounce the Gersallian phrase. "Good luck to you too."
Meridina nodded at him and left. She got halfway down the hall before she began to giggle over Zack's difficulties with Gersallian language.
Ensign Liton sat quietly on the other side of the forcefield, his face hidden in his hands, while Meridina laid out the facts to him. "Your work station. Your access codes. Access times that match your on duty logs. You are facing serious charges, Ensign."
"I have sent for Lieutenant Borja," Meridina continued. "I cannot question you further until she arrives."
Liton shook his head. "I don't want a lawyer. I want the truth out. I found that program when running a Level 3 security diagnostic of the active processes in the computer. I was trying to find out why we've had so many security alers from the computers. Next thing I know Lieutenant Draynal is pulling me out of my chair and arresting me!"
Meridina focused on him. She took care not to actually touch his mind, she did nothing to violate his rights, her purpose simply being to see if the slightest element of insincerity. All she sensed was bewilderment and fear.
It meant nothing. A skilled infiltrator could be prepared for such probing. But Meridina was confident enough to believe she would sense such deception.
The door slid open and admitted Lieutenant Rosa Borja stepped in, her dark brown hair kept back in a pony tail and her uniform color trim the dark green of a JAG officer. "Commander, a moment with the Ensign?"
"Of course," Meridina replied, stepping away. Once out of earshot she pressed the comm linnk on the multidevice on her forearm. "This is Meridina calling Commander Jarod. Have you learned anything new?"
"We still have a lot of code to sift through. Whoever used this program has used the security systems, I can tell you that much."
"Thank you. I shall report in later." Meridina lowered her arm and looked back to where the JAG lawyer was talking with Liton. Seeing his agitated look and the forlorn expression on his face, she couldn't help but wonder if she was wrong on the "who".
After securing his things in his quarters on Koenig, Zack went back to the airlock to wait for the others. Barnes showed up first, with duffel bag and engineering tool case, wearing an irritated scowl that Zack had seen plenty of times. "Hey Tom, ready for some fun?"
"Yeah, it's a real hoot, heading off into Nazi territory to find something that might not be there, and if it is there we gotta blow it up so the Nazis don't get the tech," was the grumbled reply. Barnes shook his head. "Plus I had to spend all day getting my reports to Scotty filed. I barely remembered to pack."
Zack sighed. Sometimes his friend got up on the wrong side of the bed. And then he spent all day being grouchy and sullen. It had ruined many a party day. No more party days in this job, though.
"You look preoccupied." Zack noticed Lucy had walked up, carrying the same things Barnes had. "Something wrong?"
"Ah. Well, hopefully he'll give Karen a wide berth." Lucy smiled. "So, my first mission on the Koenig in months. This is going to be fun."
Zack shook his head and checked his multidevice's watch. "No, and we only have ten minutes for her to get here. I wonder what's keeping her?"
They got their answer by the wheezing that came from the top of the airlock's adjoining corridor. At the T-intersection Caterina came around the corner. She looked like she was going to topple under the weight of what she was bringing. The pack on her back looked almost like a hiking pack complete wtih sleeping bag. Two more packs were slung over her shoulders, and she had two bags in each hand. "I'm not... late," she wheezed. "Not late."
"Jeez Cat, did you empty an entire Lab?!" Lucy pushed her stuff into Zack's hands, much to his surprise, and rushed over to get some of the bags Caterina was lugging along. "What is all this stuff?"
"Gear... for scanning inside... the Facility," Caterina answered, still puffing. "Didn't think it... was so heavy..."
Zack went up and took another shoulder bag from her, and then the last two bags in her hands. "Well, someone's trying to be Wonder Girl."
"Lieutenant Parga Draynal, sir," he answered, handing Zack a digital reader. "They decided to assign me to your mission, sir."
"Lieutenant Razal will head the tactical team. I'll oversee any data transfers from the objective to ensure your computers remain safe."
Zack looked down at the reader. With a few button presses he confirmed the order codes inside and found they matched with Meridina's and Julia's. "Hrm. I wish they had told me before now. They got you signed on awfully late."
"Good. The last guest quarters are on Deck 3, Section 8. You'll get a bunk all to yourself." Zack motioned him in. "Now let's get going before they decide I need even more officers to carry around."
On the bridge of the Aurora Robert watched the timer finish ticking its way to 1100. "Are we in location?"
"Scans confirm we're in the right place," Nick Locarno answered. "I'm maintaining us in far orbit over a gas giant's volcanic moon. If anyone's watching on long range sensors, they'll think we're doing a scientific survey."
The young Arabic woman at the Sensors and Science station responded immediately. "At least five on our long range sensors, but they are too far away to detect us launching."
"I... I'm just worried that I'll make the wrong decision," he admitted. "And I wish that I was on Koenig instead of sitting back here making Zack and the others take the risks."
"Its part of being captain," Julia reminded him. "We do the big stuff and trust everyone else to do what they have to."
"Yeah." For a moment he considered his options. Aborting the mission kept creeping up in his head. What the security breaches could mean for everything, what they could cause, was too much of an unknown.
But he also knew it was now or never. If they didn't do it now, they'd never get another chance. Not without the Reich knowing they were up to something.
All he could really think about, though, was the dream. New Liberty burning under the disruptors and missiles of a Reich warship. If we don't get to that place, they might find it. They might find how to build the drives, he reminded himself.
"Send to Koenig. Launch on schedule," Robert ordered, knowing that he was casting the dice for Zack, Cat, Lucy, and everyone on Koenig who would be risking their lives for this.
They had just a couple minutes left when they arrived on the bridge. Barnes had beaten them there, sitting at Engineering Control and checking systems. Apley, Magda Navaez, and April Sherlily were already at their stations, leaving auxiliary operations for Lucy. There was no dedicated science/sensor station on the ship, so Caterina went to the back and found a stool at the ship status board, configuring one of its subscreens for her use.
"Weapon checks are green. We have a full combat load of solar torpedoes," Sherlily confirmed. "Ready to load at your command."
Along the rear of the Aurora's primary hull section, doors opened to reveal the central launch bay. Flanked by shuttle bays, and with the fighter hanger a dozen meters below at the top of the drive hull, the main bay was built specifically for ships like Koenig.
"Yes sir." Apley brought his hands to the thruster controls. The Koenig shifted backward on her retro-thrusters, sliding out of Aurora's launch bay. The Aurora kept moving forward at standard launch velocity, allowing them clearance in mere seconds. "Firing impulsors now."
"Here we go," Lucy said quietly, triggering the cloak the moment the Aurora's primary hull moved below the viewscreen. The Koenig, now virtually invisible to the eye and to sensors, moved away from the Aurora at full impulse until Apley was ready. "Engaging warp drive now."
Zack nodded, watching the streaks of warp space appear on his screen. And off we go on a wild goose chase amongst the Nazis, he thought to himself. Hopefully nothing will go wrong.
Meridina stepped back into her security office and found Jarod still at work on the coding. "Did he give you anything?", Jarod asked.
"Yes," Jarod answered. "I didn't see anything suspicious. He seems to be an eager-to-please junior officer full of initiative. He's not the brighest you'll find and he tends to act without thinking."
"So I discovered." Meridina returned to her seat, near the computer console Jarod was operating. "Anything on the virus?"
"It's the most brilliant one I've ever seen," Jarod answered. "It's written to adapt its code to apply to different computer languages. Once it gets into the system it uses various coding tricks to compromise functions and create back doors for someone to access them, including auto-delete commands placed into the access logs."
"Honestly? No. It would take me months to try to construct something like this, and even more time to perfect it."
"It took you three hours to create a remote control command for a Dorei starbird's computer systems," Meridina reminded him.
"I remember. That's why I said only months for me. This is orders of magnitude above that in complexity, Commander. The coding language adaptions alone would take me weeks for just a beta version. And that's assuming it was my only job, I'd need support if I was doing this on my own."
Meridina took a breath and focused, trying to settle her thoughts and apply her swevyra. She felt the connection of her life force to the universe at large and explored that connection, looking to find some answer.
A beep at her panel interruped her. It was an incoming signal being run through encryption via the interuniversal relay at Harris Station. She pressed the button on the desk. Odo's face appeared on her screen. "Commander, you were right. Chief O'Brien discovered a capsule hidden in a bulkhead in one of the spare quarters of that section. The capsule contained a powerful acidic agent and the corroded remains of a body. We've determined that the body was introduced into the acid during your ship's visit to Deep Space Nine."
I knew it. Meridina took in a breath. "We have had a security breach in our computers and I have a suspect. Did you recover anything from the remains?"
Odo looked off screen and nodded. He moved aside enough to allow Doctor Bashir to appear. "The body was too damaged for me to recover cell samples, but Lieutenant Dax found organic residue and cells in the quarters. From those I was able to reconstruct a partial genetic profile. Odo will send you the information, but I can tell you already it was Dorei."
Meridina let out a curse, the kind that she was not supposed to utter. Her hand slammed the controls on her desk. "Security, this is a Priority One Alert. Find Lieutenant Draynal and take him into custody at once!"
"That's not all, Commander," Bashir continued. "The organic residue also included a second sample contaminated by acid contact. I was able to match it anyway by comparing it to Constable Odo."
Meridina saw Jarod's eyes meet her's, a grim look on his face. She had the same. "In other words..."
The Koenig had crossed the border into hostile territory and was coming up on the scan point. Zack kept glancing toward Lucy and Magda, waiting to see if they saw anything.
"We've got at least three warp signatures on long-range sensors," Magda stated. "With two possible signatures. All are consistent with anti-matter pulse drives."
"Okay, scan complete." Caterina's voice picked up from excitement. "I'm checking with the other scans. This should narrow down the search field."
"Put it up on the main viewer, Cat." Zack saw the image appear; a cube of space with Koenig in the middle. It rotated around, showing the signatures Magda had spoken of.
A blue sphere appeared in the map, not centered on it but still contained within. "Okay, our initial long-range scans indicated this area." Caterina continued to operate the console. "We're getting these returns now."
The sphere shrunk down greatly. Where it had previously contained half a dozen systems it now held only two. "I'm bringing up information on S4W8-29DR and S4W8-33LA."
"Yes, but depending on interference, it could take us hours, even days, to thoroughly scan either." Caterina remained fixed on her results. "But we know the Darglan would put a Facility on a world that could bear life. We can use that to narrow it down."
"Well there we are." Zack smiled thinly. The sooner they found this place the better. "Apley, set our course, best speed. Magda, send an update to Aurora."
A lone engineering crewman walked down one of the corridors in the aft section of the Koenig and spotted, to him, the peculiarity of a Dorei security officer. "Sir?" The young light-skinned Human stepped up to him. "Can I help you?"
"...doing your job. Yes. Don't worry yourself, crewman, I'm just doing an inspection of ship's systems. You may resume your work."
The crewman nodded and went to the accessway where he would be doing standard in-flight maintenance checks..
Julia arrived in Draynal's quarters to discover it crawling with security guards. Meridina was busy speaking to Commander Kane. "...dangerous than anything you've seen yet," she was busy saying. "Make sure your subordinates are prepared."
"Yes ma'am. We'll break out the DEWs, wide beams and pulse settings. If this thing is hiding, we'll find it."
Kane nodded and left, saluting to Julia as he went. She nodded at him and moved on to Meridina. "What's wrong? Where's Lieutenant Draynal?"
"Draynal is dead," Meridina informed her. "Murdered months ago on Deep Space Nine and replaced by a shapeshifter. A Dominion Founder."
Julia noticed Jarod was in the room as well, sitting at a computer terminal. She went over with Meridina to speak with him. "Jarod? What is it?"
Jarod pointed to the workstation. "He left in a bit of a hurry, or he didn't care for scrubbing the ways he had been using his intrusive program. I've got several access attempts for the control systems of the IU drive on this log, as well as a number of access logs for... just about everything. Security, Main Engineering, the Bridge, the Conference Room, every vital area is covered by this. He knows everything we plan."
"Yes. And it gets worse. His last commands into the system were a general signal to something in the engineering hull and a set of orders." Jarod zoomed in on the latter.
"He probably has everyone's," Jarod pointed out. "Nobody warned Zack about him so Zack wouldn't have questioned these orders. He wouldn't have a reason to."
"So he's on the Koenig." Julia reached over and pressed her multidevice. "Andreys to Bridge. Get a priority message to Koenig, they have a Changeling infiltrator aboard! Repeat, there is a Changeling infiltrator aboard Koenig!"
Julia's report made Robert cringe inwardly. I made the wrong call he thought to himself. "Hail Koenig," he ordered. "Give them the abort code. We are aborting the mission!"
At Ops Lieuenant Jupap swiftly enacted his order. The Alakin male made a worried clicking noise from inside his beak after several key presses, and seconds, passed. "Sir, we're not receiving any response from Koenig."
"Run a full diagnostic on communications, make sure we're transmitting and receiving properly," Robert insisted.
"I know," Robert said. "But we need to get into sublight communication range with the Koenig and hope the Changeling didn't knock that out too."
"I know that, dammit!" Robert was surprised with himself at how loud he shouted. "But I'm not going to sit back and do nothing when that thing could be murdering my friends right now! We have to go rescue them."
"You got your orders, Lieutenant," Angel chimed in from Tactical, her eyes narrowing. "Get to them."
Locarno's jaw clenched. Before he could say anything Julia stepped out of the turbolift. Seeing the scene before her Julia crossed her arms and asked, "What's going on here?"
Locarno picked up on that. "I was recommending that instead of opening violating Nazi space and starting a war, we could try to get a long-range probe into sublight communications range."
Julia looked between them, noticed the tense look on Angel, and smiled thinly. "A great idea, Lieutenant. Can the probe hit a high enough speed?"
Lieutenant Al-Rashad at Science spoke up. "Yes, Commander. We have four probes capable of sustained Warp 9 flight."
"Have them loaded and launched," Robert said, looking at Julia. He could see she knew what had happened, and it made his cheeks burn with embarrassment. I was screwing up there. Dammit, why didn't I think of the probes? "How is the investigation into the computer problem going?"
"Slow. Jarod has crew checking out the plasma conduits for the warp nacelles, he found indications the Changeling hid sabotage charges for when we tried to go to warp again." Julia frowned. "This thing compromised all of our secure areas, it knew what we were going after."
"So how's it going to get away?", Robert wondered aloud. Another thought made the burn in his cheeks grow. "So, if I had ordered us to warp..."
Koenig made orbit over the garden moon in system LA33. The gas giant it was orbiting was made of hues of red and orange, a contrast to the blue and green of the moon itself. "Atmosphere is breathable," Caterina said. "23% oxygen count, no poisonous gases."
"I'm running another scan to get a better fix... I think I have it." Caterina blinked. "Yeah, I think so." She hit a couple keys to route the image to the viewscreen.
It was a clearing, about twenty square kilometers, in the middle of a temperate forest. In the middle of the clearing was a hill.
"That was my thought. I can't pinpoint anything exactly, but this is near the middle of the effect field." Cat hit a couple of keys and brought up a circle on the shot. "It's somewhere under this area."
Zack pressed the intercom key on his chair. "Security and analysis teams to the transporter, now. Lieutenant Draynal, establish the quarantine drive on the computers." With Lucy and Tom already rising, Zack turned his chair to face Caterina. "Cat, do you think the Ratzis can see this...?"
"I can't be sure," she answered. "From what I could see, their sensors don't have the same capabilities as our's, but they might have better sensors on other ships. And it also comes down to sensor operator and whether they're interested in it."
"So we can't be sure they're not seeing this. Terrific." He nodded. "Alright, head on down with the others."
The mound looked to be at least sixty feet high when Lucy and the others materialized. Caterina's equipment was now equally shared amongst everyone. She held up the one box she was still carrying. "This moon is at .95Gs, just like our gravity field on the ship."
"Great, I always hate how going planetside makes me feel like I've gained weight," Barnes remarked, heading up to the mound alongside the small engineering detachment he'd brought from the Aurora.
"Well, technically, you do gain weight when you go into a higher gravity field. It's your mass that doesn't change." Caterina hefted the container a few times.
They began scaling the mound. The yellow star of the system warmed them all on what appeared to be a sunny spring day for this region of the moon. Lucy asked, "How does a garden moon have gravity that close to Earth's anyhow?"
"Oh, plenty of possibilities. Most likely denser materials composition. The moon's mass is greater than what it would be if it had Earth's composition."
Caterina shrugged. "Yeah. But it can happen. It has happened. I'd need a lot more data to figure out how though."
Lucy hid a grin. The fact that Caterina was not employing the Pout said something about how far she had matured lately. As they got to the top of the mound Lucy remarked, "You seem rather accepting of that. Didn't you pout more when you weren't allowed to go down and see the Stargate on Abdis R4A1?"
"Yeah. But..." She swallowed. "Facing that admiral, it made me think. If guys like that find out about me pouting or sometthing..."
Nothing more was said until they were at the top of the mound. "What do we do know, sir?", one of the engineers asked Barnes.
"Hell if I know. We never did figure out how the mound back at the Facility turned on." Barnes raised his multidevice and checked the scan readings it was giving. "No sign of any control surface."
"How did you guys end up in the Facility anyway?", Lucy asked. "I heard Robert went in before you did."
"Yeah. And he found a way back out. We thought he was nuts until it snagged all of us." Barnes moved the device around, tapping keys. "Nothing on the exotic bands either."
"There's got to be some way," Caterina insisted. She began checking her own readings. "Maybe if we put the scanners up..."
Lucy watched them work and took in a breath. Her thoughts were on the extraordinary things she'd done in the prior year. Flying a runabout to a landing her instruments decreed impossible, pulling a gun out of someone's hand... maybe this would count too?
"....vated it somehow." Lucy found her atention drawn to a discussion between Caterina and Barnes. "He was kneeling down, right?"
"What, you think it was some switch in the mound? But we're not picking up anything," Barnes replied.
"Yes, but we're using standard scanning. Here, let me try something." Caterina held up a scanning device from her pack and ran it over the mound. "This is one of the surviving scanners from the Facility. I've only used it for standard stuff, but maybe..." It beeped and Caterina let out a triumphant cheer. "Here!" She ran over to a part of the mound near the drop and dropped to her knees. Everyone came after her and looked down as she cleared the grass at the top. "It is cloaked, but the Darglan scanner says there's a plate of some sort embedded in the mound."
Caterina pressed her hand against it. Nothing happened. She stood and put her foot on it. "Here. Polenko!"
Polenko, one of her warrant officers, stepped over, a beefy Russian of about six feet three inches height. He put a foot on it. "Sorry Lieutenant," he said. "It's not working for me either."
"I don't think weight has anything to do with it," Lucy answered. "It's something else. Maybe it's why the thing on the farm mound back in Kansas never worked until Rob touched it." She brought her foot over and pressed it on the ground.
"Well, if it's not weight, what could it be?" Barnes threw his arms up in frustration. "This is really..."
Light erupted from the base of the mound, creating a ring around them. Each felt the familiar sensation of a transporter effect and found themelves under ground. For Barnes and Caterina, the gray chamber they materialized in was very familiar. "Looks like the one we found," Caterina said quietly. "Or rather the one Robert found."
Barnes stepped up to the door. A pair of green lights converged over him from a module above the door, making beeping and chirping noises as they did so. A light above the door went yellow. Barnes took a step forward but the door did not open.
Feeling the hairs on her neck standing up, Lucy said, "Let me try" and stepped up to be scanners. When the green light finished sweeping over her there was a tone and the light above the door turned blue instead. "I think that did it," she said, walking up to the door.
Instead of the catwalks and pathways they'd expected they walked into a large chamber. "It looks Darglan," Barnes remarked. He walked toward the center of the chamber and was the first to arrive at a circular control station. He tapped keys on one end of it, but nothing happened.
As Lucy approached the station lit up. Lights overhead came on and they could see the full chamber now, lined with even more data stations. "Aterran genetic signature detected. Systems online."
"Negative. System is not designed to be a Control. System exists for sorting of data and proper recovery only."
Barnes pressed the comm key on his multidevice. "Barnes to Koenig. We're inside, but it's some sort of data center, not a Facility. There's no docks for you to jump into. We'll set up enhancers so you can beam us in and out as needed."
Barnes motioned to his engineers, who followed him to the side to begin setting up the transport signal enhancers.
Caterina pressed a hand to a control panel, switching all of them into English. Above their heads a massive holographic starmap descended. "It's showing the Alpha Quadrant of this universe," Cat explained. "I think... I think it can show them all." She raised her head. "Computer, please describe the nature of this place."
"This is a Class A Data Backup Facility. The purpose of the facility is to maintain off-site backups of Darglan databases. It has been offline for approximately twenty-three hundred and ninety seven point six solar cycles."
"Almost twenty-four," Caterina corrected. "But that's because it's going by Darglan solar cycles. The Darglan year is a quarter longer than Earth's." She brought up another display. "Does this data include the locations of other Emergency Facilities?"
"The Darglan Homeworld," Caterina sighed. It had been too much to ask for, but she had to try. "Okay, Computer, be ready to begin data transfer."
"Darglan technology detected. Aterran geneic signature detected. Permission granted. Preparing for transfer of archive and backup data."
"Oh, yes." Caterina brought up her multidevice and nodded to her assistants. They lowered packs to the ground. "We'll use these as a quarantine, just to make sure no harmful code goes on to Koenig." She looked back to the controls of her multidevice. "I'm patching a data stream through my system now. Begin download of data."
An indicator appeared on the screen of her multidevice as the computer core data flowed through it and into the waiting drives, from which they could be uploaded to the Koenig. "This is going to take a while," she said.
"At least six hours, and that's just the newer universe list and associated cartography. There's a ton of data in here that has to be moved." Caterina pressed a key and brought up a schematic. "They even have designs for newer reactors and a more efficient IU drive."
In the transporter room on Koenig, the operator saw the board light up with the connection to the enhancers. "We have the link to the enhancers," she said aloud. "Preparing to transport second teams."
Amongst the waiting officers, Lieutenant Draynal stepped up to the transporter pad, taking a place in the rear. While others stepped up, he set his hands behind his back and put an appendage against the multidevice on his right forearm. He pressed the transmit key when the operator said, "Transporting now." A faint smile crossed his face as the transporter beam whisked him away.
Six figures appeared inside the hexagon of transport enhancers Barnes' crew had set up near the entrance to the facility. "Okay everyone," Barnes began to say. "I need...."
Alarms began blaring in the structure. Yellow beams of light appeared from the ceiling and centered toward the rear, where Lieutenant Draynal stood quietly.
For a moment there was simple confusion and chaos, some looking toward "Draynal", Caterina checking the now blank data transfer screens.
Lucy had already drawn her pistol, but she was the only one to do so before the Changeling struck. The humanoid form melted into amber liquid. Trendrils lashed out and took enough solidity to strike the heads of the other officers who transported down. Blue bolts came from Lucy's pistol, but they missed as the Changeling zipped along, a fast ooze that slammed into Barnes as he went for his pistol.
The security team went for their rifles and began firing, driving the Changeling into the corner. It vanished into the shadows.
"Lucero to Koenig!" Lucy got on her communications. "One of the officers you just beamed down is some kind of shapeshifter! We need help!"
Zack had slipped into his office for a cup of coffee when he felt the rumble through the ship, followed by a second one a moment later. Immediately he knew something was wrong and was at the door in seconds. "Report!"
"There were explosions on Decks 2 and 3," Magda answered. "It took out the power conduits feeding the cloaking device and the warp nacelles."
Yellow running lights appeared on panels around the bridge. Magda went to work on her console. After a couple of long, deep response sounds came she shook her head. "Something's wrong with long-range communications. I'm not getting a response from the..." She stared at her screen. "Oh no."
"Something triggered a lockout in long-range communications, I can't send any hails. But the system is transmitting anyway!"
Zack felt his heart speed up and his stomach churn. "We're transmitting live? Openly? It's not a directional beam transmission?"
"No sir. It's a general one." Magda drew in a breath. "One of the contacts on long range sensros just changed direction. They're on course to our position."
Oh no. Oh crap. They saw us. They know something is here. "Bridge to Engineering, we need the cloak back, and we need it now!"
"The entire conduit is blown out, Commander, it's going to take hours to install a new one.", Derbely answered. "And the explosion damaged the bracings on both nacelles, we're going to need at least ten hours to safely go to warp."
"I can confirm that," Magda said. "Someone uploaded a jammer program into our communications system. It's locked up long-range communications, we could be getting signals every second and the board wouldn't show it."
"Then we have less than half an hour to solve this." Zack looked to Magda. "Beam the explosives down. Tell them to get what they can and prepare for beamup in twenty minutes. We're going to have to blow that place sky high." He stood up and put his hand on Apley's shoulder. "Ap, go get security, I want the entire ship searched."
Barnes picked himself off the ground while some of the science officers went for the fallen officers. Most were breathing, but an Alakin did not move. "Crushed her skull in," Barnes muttered, looking at his display. "Just like that. Just what the hell is that thing?!"
"A Changeling," Caterina whimpered. "It's... it's one of the Dominion Founders. I... I read the report... oh God, I'm going to..."
"Nobody into the shadows!", Barnes shouted. "Keep sight at all times, it could replace any one of us!"
A tone came to Caterina's multidevice. She tapped a button and Magda appeared as a holo-image. "We're preparing to beam down explosives, Commander Carrey wants them set in twenty minutes so we can beam you out."
"What?" Caterina stared at the image of Magda on her multidevice. "Twenty minutes?! We can't get anything in that amount of time!"
"I'm sorry, but it has to be that long. We've got a Nazi ship bearing down on us within half an hour. And we have no warp drive or cloak."
Having overheard all of this, Magda go back over the comm. "We're sending down another security team. Standby..."
The Changeling struck like lightning. It fell from the ceiling in the form of a four-legged, two-armed beast, all claws and fangs with a mottled blue look to is flesh. It hit one enhancer with the full force of its mass and knocked it out of place.
But the figures didn't simply disappear like a canceled transporter beam. They flickered, coalescing just long enough for six stunned faces to form through the light.
Energy fire coalesced on the Changeling, but it was already shifting shape again, squatting low as a four legged creature that zipped across the distance. One of their security officers screamed as a metal blade plunged into his belly and came back out. It made a mighty leap afterward and slammed into another, knocking her over and leaving multiple wounds in her torso. Tendrils with blades attached lashed out and sliced into the shoulder of one officer and the throat of the next.
The engineers had found their defensive sidearms now, but their aim was off; the terror of this killer in their midst was too great. It went after Caterina, who was fumbling for her own sidearm. She let out a scream as it lunged for her with a mass of blades.
On the bridge of the Aurora, Jupap's voice ended the uncomfortable quiet. "We've just picked up a transmission from the Koenig, Captain. It's... just general identification data?"
Robet and Julia exchanged worried looks. "That's it?" Julia's face showed she had just considered something further. "Was it a narrow-beam transmission?"
Robert felt his heart stop. I should have aborted the moment we found that virus. Oh God, what have I done?
"Can they go any faster? Koenig has been compromised and there are Reich ships imbound to their position."
"I...." Robert fought through his panic and found his voice. "I have to go inform Admiral Maran. Jupap, status of the probe?"
"As soon as it arrives, use it to contact Koenig. Make sure they know what's going on and let them know we're coming as quickly as we can." Robert stood up and went to his office. "And get me Harris Station on subspace."
Lucy had intended to go for her sidearm as well, out of pure reflex. But she stopped. Something inside of her, some deep feeling that was more than instinct, told her that she'd never beat this thing with a gun. It was too fast, too mobile, and too clever. She needed another approach.
She remembered the hostage situation with the killer Lyle when he tried to take Jarod. She could remember that feeling as she reached out with... something... and pulled the gun from his hand. Could she do that again? The energy difference, the mass to be effected... it seemed too great a gap to cover.
That thought flashed through her head as the Changeling charged on Caterina, the blades emerging from its form threatening to cut her apart. Lucy forced a breath in and remembered that invisible force inside of her she had called upon. She called upon it, pleaded with it, insisted on it coming forth. She needed it.
Before she hadn't, but now she felt... something. A well of energy within her being, a power that felt warm and natural to her, like it had always been there, ready to be used and never called upon. But she needed it not and it was ready.
There was no flash of light, no visible burst of energy. There was just the energy within her rushing out, not just from her arm but her mind and soul.
To everyone else, it looked like the Changeling had been struck by a truck. An invisible one at that. The mostly amorphous mass of amber and its glittering silver blade appendages flew violently to one side, slamming into the wall of the facility with enough force that the entire thing slurped into a puddle.
"Security team's down, at least three dead," Barnes replied. "That thing is still around, and we can't set explosives without risking it picking us off. There's just not enough time!"
The systems came back online. "Warning. Dominion Founder present. Cannot restore control access without override."
Lucy felt deep forboding and danger. The energy she'd begun to feel within tingled and wavered, spurring her to move. She looked up and raised her arm, directing the energy above her.
The Changeling was caught in mid-air, in the form of the same vicious predator as before. The blast of energy that Lucy felt come from within her sent it flying back toward the shadows. The moment it landed the engineers began peppering it with fire. Blue bolts coalesced on the form until it got back into the shadows, melting back into its natural state in the process.
"Focus on the astrographical data, anything that will lead us to the other Facility that this location is supposed to support."
"I need one of those explosive packs." Lucy looked to the pile and extended her hand. She felt the energy within her stir and saw one begin to wiggle. She focused, straining to control it....
She felt the Changeling coming even earlier this time. Her focus dispersed shifted direction, creating a general wave of force that pulled the satchel along and slammed it into the middle of the Changeling's mass as it surged toward Barnes. It slurped it up. "Get one of the packs!", she shouted. "And get those drives beamed up."
A scream came from Warrant Officer Polenko. He had been dutifully carrying one of the explosive packs to the door. But now the Changeling was surging through and around him. Blood erupted from wounds where it turned itself into blades to slice him. Caterina cried out "Polenko!" and sobbed as they watched the gentle giant get sliced to death.
But the Changeling was just killing him as an extra. It had been pursuing the explosive instead, grabbing it and slinging it to join the others. It surged over the pile and went beyond.
It wouldn't be enough. Lucy knew those packs would probably vaporize anyone caught in the open explosion. "Koenig, target whatever is in the enhancers and beam into space!" She called upon the energy that was stirring inside her, growing stronger through use, and pressed it against the pile, pulling them over into the midst of the enhancers. White light whisked them away.
"Now what are we going to do?", Barnes asked. "Even if the DT field collapses, the structure remains and the Ratzis might find somehing."
Lucy had already thought of it, but didn't want to say anything. "Get the drives beamed up. Cat, do you have the data?!"
"Forget it!" Lucy took her by the shoulder. "Get into the enhancers, now! Take a full drive with you!"
"Because your sister will murder me if I let you get blown up," Lucy pointed out, pushing her on. "Now go."
On the Koenig Zack was literally sweating the minutes away. "Three minutes until contact drops out of warp," Magda said. "Going by the profile it looks like a light warship, Z-2500-class."
"The second contact out is cruiser-sized, ETA five minutes. Profile matches..." Magda turned. "It's a Lutzow-class. A battlecruiser."
"And we probably can't take them." Zack felt his stomach twist. Warp out, cloak out, all we can do is run at sublight. "Are there any asteroid fields we can fit in?"
"Long range communications are still jammed up. We have a crew trying to purge the jammer from the computers, but they're not done..." Magda's board made a tone. "Wait. We just picked up a sublight communication. It's... it's from Aurora!"
Robert's voice came over the speaker. "Aurora to Koenig. We're coming as soon as we can, but the Changeling planted charges on our warp drive and we're not able to go to warp yet. Hold out as long as you can."
The last of the science and engineering team disappeared into white light, carrying the last drives with them save the ones in Barnes' hand. Lucy called on the energy inside her again, but this time the Changeling zipped around Barnes and she hit him too, knocking him flat. It twisted around his legs and there was an audible snap followed by a scream, hobbling Barnes.
A tendril struck out from the amber mass, going for the enhancers again. Lucy realized what this meant; it was trying to get to the transporters and to beam back to the Koenig. She couldn't let that happen, no matter what else came.
She pulled her pulse pistol and fired. Blue bolts of energy struck the devices and made them explode with sparks, their light gray surfaces turning black from each shot. The Changeling recoiled and quivered from the result. "Take the transporter back up!", Lucy shouted to Barnes, motioning toward the door.
He struggled to his feet but stumbled forward again with a growl of pain. "Dammit! My leg! I think he broke it!"
Lucy ran toward him, beating the Changeling by a few seconds; more than enough time to rally the energy she felt within her and blast the creature with it again. It was thrown back, giving her room to scoop up Barnes and put his right arm over her shoulder so he could support his injured leg. "Come on!" She pulled him along to the opening of the data facility.
The door opened for them and they went through. Something snagged Lucy's ankle and she looked back to see the Changeling forming an appendage, trying to pull her back in. "Let go!", she cried out in frustration, kicking at the amber tentacle gripping her left ankle. But it was like trying to stomp play-do; it just absorbed every blow. Beyond the door the rest of its mass came up.
Lucy reached into the power she was feeling inside and pushed with it, with all of her might, making a push motion with her free hand. The Changeling's main mass took the hit and flew backward.
On the bridge of the Koenig Zack saw the Nazi destroyer decelerate from warp. It was a more compact vessel, a dagger-blade with twin nacelles built into the rear section that were only slightly angled upward. The peculiar sight of the nacelle ramscoops being blue and the nacelle field generators red stook out as starkly as the swastika emblem emblazoned on the ship's forward hull. "Reich vessel hailing," Magda said. "I have them on sublight audio."
That would leave Tom and Lucy trapped. They'd get captured. I'm not leaving them to whatever Nazis might do! Zack pressed down on his intercom key. "Transporters, do we have transporter lock on the last of the ground team?"
Zack swallowed. Over his speakers a voice spoke with the hint of machine translation. "Alliance Vessel Koenig, this is Fregattenkapitn Kaempfer of the Reich vessel Jaeke. You are in violation of Reich territory. Stand down and prepare for inspection and boarding."
Lucy howled in anger and let loose with the energy within her again, but the Changeling wouldn't let go. "Let go of me!", she screamed.
Inside her, Lucy felt the energy shift. It became colder as her fear and anger built. She felt like she wanted to destroy the Changeling. Not just kill, but destroy. Tear apart. Annihilate. Punish this thing that was assailing her, that had killed her comrades and was trying to kill her! She wanted it to die and die and...! As these feelings washed over her the energy took form from her hand, crackling like lightning and covering the Changeling.
The sound of a pulse pistol echoed in the small chamber. Barnes had his pulse pistol up from where he was laying on the ground, blasting away as he did. At that range he couldn't miss. Blue bolts slammed into the offending tendril of the Changeling's mass repeatedly until an inhuman shriek came from within and the tendril turned black. Some of it disintegrated into black ash and the rest withdrew inside the doomed data chamber. The door slammed shut with finality.
Lucy watched it go and looked back to Barnes with a cold feeling inside of her. Barnes looked back at her and briefly looked concerned, even terrified, before shouting, "Come on!"
That snapped Lucy out of it. She pushed the coldness away and helped him back to his feet. They went up to the transporter and she slammed her hand on the blue control in the middle.
Just as the energy pulled them away, a horrible sound came from within the data facility, a sound of rushing air and a screech. The dimensional field within was shutting down, and the entire volume of the facility was being forcefully shrunk to the volume it took up in normal space.
Once they materialized on the mound tremors came from within. The process of eliminating the data facility seemed to extend to the mound. "Koenig, beam us up!", Barnes shouted. "Fire on our location!"
The mound collapsed beneath their feet. As they started to fall, the Koenig snatched them away with its transporter system.
"Good. Now let's see if I can prevent us from having a shooting war. Hold fire until I say so" Zack drew in a breath and nodded to Magda, who hit a key and caused the familiar chirp of an opening comm channel. "Reich vessel Jaeke, this is Commander Zachary Carrey of the Koenig. We apologize for our violation of your space. We have suffered several system failures and are still trying to restore warp capability. As soon as we have it, we intend to withdraw."
The door at the rear of the bridge opened, admitting Lucy. "Tom is with the medics, the Changeling broke his leg."
"He was inside the data facility when it went crunch," Lucy said. She had just regained her breath, but that coldness she'd felt was still fresh to her. There was something terrifying about it. "If you want to make sure he's dead, a solar torpedo into the mound should do the job."
"Alliance vessel, cut all engine power, lower your shields, and prepare for boarding. Do not resist or we wil open fire."
"I've got nothing," Caterina said from the rear status console. "I'm still trying to see if that thing left us any gifts in the computers."
Zack almost asked how many people they lost, since so many were from his crew. But he forced himself to concentrate on the situation in front of him.
On the bridge of the Aurora Robert was still managing to hold down lunch. Sensing his impatience, Julia was the one who hit the intercom. "Commander Meridina, status?!"
"Mister Locarno, maximum warp, engage!", Robert shouted. Hitting his own intercom key, he called up Engineering. "Mister Scott, remember those warp records we set? We need to beat those."
By that point Locarno had finished double-checking the course and was hitting the warp key. In the space of a second Aurora was racing through the stars at a speed she had never matched before.
The ten seconds ticked down slowly, an eternity between each. Zack watched the timer as he lost that precious time. His instincts demanded he attack first, that if he got the first shot he stood a better chance of winning.
The Koenig's impulse drives powered up in tandem with the maneuvering systems. As the ship made a twist and a turn, green energy streaked by it. The ship rocked slightly under them. "They've opened fire," Apley said.
"Shields still at ninety-eight percent, it was a glancing..." The ship rocked harder this time. "Now ninety-three percent."
"Sherlily, put a solar torpedo the location of that mound, now," Zack ordered. "I'm not going to have them find any trace of the Darglan technology."
"Yes sir." Sherlily hit a key. "Torpedo away.... impact. Complete destruction of the surrounding area."
The ship rocked hard again. "Anti-matter missiles acquiring," Magda warned. "Shields at eighty-six percent."
"Evasive Plan Charlie!" Zack looked back to Caterina. "C'mon, Cat, tell me you've got something we can try."
"I'm re-setting the navigational deflector to try and jam their missiles' targeting systems," Caterina said. "But I don't think it's going to work well."
"Every little bit we can get, Cat." Zack turned back to the screen and drew a breath. "Alright, they fired the first shot. April, full spread, hold nothing back! Apley, Attack Plan Bravo!"
At Apley's handling the Koenig made a spin in space, shifting up and down and over to make several disruptor bolts miss or barely graze the shields. Koenig turned to face her attacker. Her phasers blazed to life, thick amber pulses erupting from near her swept-forward nacelles and slamming into the destroyer's own deflectors. Solar torpedoes shined with the blue-white fields of their drives before they found their mark, slamming the enemy ship's shields.
"Direct hit," Sherlily said. "I'm maintaining fire. Enemy shields at seventy-five percent and going down."
The ship rocked hard under them, straining everyone against their harnesses. "Cat, I need something done with those missiles!", Zack said urgently.
"Shields holding at seventy percent." The Koenig rocked again as it came around, Apley trying to match the lithe Reich destroyer's movements to keep it in the crosshairs. "Sixty-six percent. Slight armor damage to Deck 2 port side."
"Firing," Sherlily said again. On the screen more phaser fire and torpedoes converged on the enemy ship. The pilot twisted to one side, forcing Apley to adjust, and half of the barrage and torpedoes missed. "Enemy shields at sixty percent."
Under Apley's control the Koenig's maneuvering became more aggressive and agile. G-forces acted against the crew onboard as the inertial dampeners struggled to keep up from the ship's shifting and twisting and turning. With her superior agility and sublight speed Koenig could break off and make attack runs. After the ship shook again - "Shields down to sixty percent." - Apley pulled them up on the Reich destroyer and let Sherlily batter it with the Koenig's weapons. "Pass them. Attack Plan Whiskey on my mark," Zack ordered, keeping his excitement down. In his mind he visualized the maneuvering of both ships, the chance to get his main weapons to bear on weak enemy shields.
The Koenig let loose, pummeling the Reich destroyer repeatedly and degrading their shields. "They're shifting shields to the bow," Magda said.
Zack noticed the plumes of antimatter missiles erupting from the Reich ship as they made their pass. At this range there was no hope of evasion; an entire salvo pummeled the Koenig, making the ship rock violently. One of the secondary consoles sparked from feedback. "Shields down to forty percent!"
At Zack's order Apley executed a near-flawless turn, bringing the ship's bow to face the aft of the enemy ship. Sherlily had the phasers blazing and fired a full salvo of torpedoes into the Reich destroyer's aft. The ship's shields flickered as their command crew tried to re-direct power back to aft, but it came a split second too late. The phasers blasted through them and made them fail, with the final bursts of energy slamming into bare hull and sending flames and debris spiraling from the impact points.
Four solar torpedoes crashed into the ship's aft. One hit a nacelle and blew it apart; the other three struck various parts of its rear section. The entire Reich destroyer disappeared in a blast of bright white energy.
There were some cheers and joyous sighs, but Zack shook his head. He'd just destroyed a Nazi ship... in their own space. Even if they were bastard Nazis... he was the one who was killing them in their territory. If this became a war, it could end up being his fault.
"Shields still at forty percent," Magda answered. "We took armor damage to Decks 1 and 2. Warp drive, cloaking device, and long range communications still offline."
"If we had time I'd say go for the third gas giant," Caterina replied. "We could mask our energy signature more easily."
"Alright." Zack took a breath to steady his nerves. "Aurora is on our way, we just have to hold out as long as we can." He keyed the intercom. "Medbay, how is Lieutenant Barnes?"
"I mended his leg," Doctor Opani answered, her accent the lilting one of a Mayali Dorei. "He needs follow-up care, but given all of the shaking I'm guessing you need him on duty?"
"Get to it. Hostile coming in...." Zack almost asked when, but didn't have to. He looked on the screen as the bigger, nastier cousin of the destroyer they'd just vaporized dropped out of warp, bristling with torpedo and missile bays and disruptor cannon emplacements. "Evasive Plan Charlie, Ap, and get us close without going by those missile bays."
"Alliance warship, this is Kapitn Heydrich of the Scharnhorst. You are in violation of the territory of the Third Reich and have murdered the crew of a Reich vessel. Surrender your vessel immediately or it shall be destroyed or taken, and no mercy shall be shown."
Caterina let out a stifled whimper. Lucy eyed Zack. "They'll probably be worse than Duffy was," she remarked, reminding Zack that Lucy was no stranger to what ruthless men could do to those in their power.
"Yeah, but it might let us stall for time." Zack nodded to Magda. "Kapitn Heydrich, this is Commander Zachary Carrey of the Alliance starship Koenig. If you want someone for the deaths of that crew, I'll beam over and you can hold me, but I won't turn my crew over to you. Let them go with this ship."
Koenig began to maneuver just in time as emerald beams of disruptor energy lashed out at them. The Koenig drew close, phasers blazing and pounding the shields of the larger vessel. "Enemy shields holding, only down to 94%," Magda answered. "This ship is tougher than the cruiser we worked with in Krellan Nebula, it's got an armored hull backing up its shielding."
Zack watched another large blast of green energy go by the screen, one of many small and large bursts and beams trying to hit his ship. "We're just buying time for Aurora to get here. Put all power to engines and shields."
The ship lurched under them, showing that despite Apley's best piloting efforts they couldn't avoid every shot. "Some of those disruptor weapons are packing a punch," Magda warned.
Under his control Koenig made a tight turn as it came out by the aft of the Scharnhorst, avoiding the aft disruptors as they did. Missiles flew out of their launch bay and started tracking to acquire.
"I know." Caterina manipulated something on the control. "I'm sending out interference, but I can only spoof so many!"
The ship rocked violently as a missile found them, followed by a direct hit by a disruptor. "Shields down to twenty-six percent!", Magda warned. "Damage on Deck 2."
"Keep it up, Ap," Zack urged, watching Sherlilly take what shots she could. More torpedoes went out, slamming into shields. "Status on that battlecruiser, April?"
"Their shields are stiill holding at eighty percent." The Koenig shook again. "We're whittling them down but we haven't gotten the shields low enough to make a difference."
The Koenig made another tight turn in space to resume a strafing run along the Nazi battlecruiser's belly. Phaser fire defiantly hammered at the big swastika insignia on the lower bow, held back by the cruiser's powerful shields. The ship twisted and weaved to avoid fire. Missiles pursuing it didn't always hit, missing thanks to Caterina's desperate jamming efforts or even slamming into the Scharnhorst's shields themselves.
It was a shark versus a whale; the whale was big, it could take hits, but it couldn't keep up with the shark.
Zack tried not to hope for too much. He wasn't out to take this ship down, just to survive long enough for the Aurora to get here so they could dock and get away from this mess of a mission.
Apley's job was harder, trying to not allow the missiles to hit them at launch but also to avoid getting too close to the big "super-disruptor" emplacements on the Reich battlecruiser. He did his job as well as he could... but found that one maneuver to avoid a torpedo put him in a position to have to risk either. Seeing the missiles launching he made a split second decision to risk the disruptor, trying to time it between shots. They came up on the weapon.
The Koenig shook violently under them. Feedback from the battered shields caused Apley's station to explode in sparks, making him cry out from the burns that resulted. "Shields down below ten percent!", Magda shouted. "Damage on all decks, forward port sections!"
Missiles fired from the battlecruiser converged, along with the other emplacements training on a ship that was not quite so hard to hit as it had been. Despite Caterina's efforts to deflect the missiles, two still went off close enough to do damage. More sparks showered from the Koenig's overloaded power systems.
"Keep the evasives up. This ship was built to take punishment..." The ship rocked violently again as another disruptor slammed into their armored hull, vaporizing chunks off. "...and we'll have to see how much she takes."
"Sir, the third Reich ship is coming out of warp," Magda warned. "It's another Z-2500. They're en route to intercept us."
Zack settled his head against his hand, ignoring another jostle from a glancing hit. There's no way to win this. Dammit, Rob, where are you?! Zack fumed over that. Where were the others? Why hadn't they gotten here yet? Was there more sabotage? More problems?
They never should have launched the mission. They should have aborted, dammit, the moment those security problems were showing up. Why hadn't Robert done the smart thing!? Why had he gambled on their lives?!
"I'm trying." On the screen the newly-arrived Reich destroyer moved in. They had a clear shot if they didn't mind hitting the Scharnhorst. And he figured they wouldn't.
That was it. He'd lost. There was nothing more he could do. Zack felt helpless, so utterly helpless...
Magda's voice didn't immediately register with Zack so far into his thoughts, thinking about his father and all they hadn't done. It was only when she shouted his rank again that he looked over. "What?"
"New contact!" She looked at him and smiled as widely as he'd ever seen her do so. "The Aurora just warped in!"
"And it looks like we've got that battlecruiser's attention," Angel said from tactical. "They're locking weapons."
"Put me on, Jarod." Robert checked the seat harness. "This is Captain Robert Dale of the Alliance Starship Aurora. If you hold your fire, we'll hold our's. We only want to get our ship out of your terri..."
Thick beams of green energy lashed ou from the Nazi battlecruiser and hit Aurora's shields. "I think we have our answer," Julia noted drolly.
"They fired first." Robert sighed. The entire mission had gone to hell. "Lock weapons on both ships and fire."
The Aurora's forward weapons erupted in fire. Phaser fire and the thick blue pulses of the bow plasma cannons hammered at the Reich battlecruiser. A few shots were sent toward the enemy destroyer as well. Both ships turned to face them.
More disruptor bolts crashed into them, although some missed due to Locarno's maneuvering. As missiles closed the distance the smallest emplacements on the hull fired out at them, destroying some before they could hit the shields. "Shields now at ninety-one percent."
There was no premature celebration on Koenig's bridge. They weren't out of danger yet and everyone present knew this. "Head to the Aurora, full speed," Zack ordered. "Get ready for emergency combat docking."
Koenig broke away from the two ships. Suddenly the ship lurched underneath them. "The battlecruiser locked us in a tractor beam," Magda said.
On Aurora the ship shook again as the full fury of the Scharnhorst rained on them. "Shields down to seventy-eight percent," Jarod warned. "The battlecruiser's shields are now at fifty percent."
Angel focused on her board. The bow cannons blazed as quickly as the systems allowed, pummeling the enemy ship over and over with their thick sapphire bursts. Phaser fire and torpedoes struck out, some hitting the incoming missiles on their way to impacting on the batlecruiser. Locarno twisted the Aurora and kept the bow pointed toward them, allowing Angel to get another shot from the main cannons. The bursts of sapphire energy slammed into tthe enemy shields again while missiles and disruptor fire made their ship shake. "Shields holding at seventy percent."
He shook his head. "Then we'd have to take time recovering them. Hold off on that. Miss Al-Rashad, any sign of further contacts?"
"Throwing everything we have at it," she answered. "They're maneuvering, I think they're trying to keep us from hitting their tractor emitter."
On Koenig the ship was rattling as they strained against the enemy tractor beam. "Suggestions?", Zack said. "The phaser isn't doing it."
"There's not much we can do without Aurora's help," Magda pointed out. "With the engine damage we can't pull out fo the tractor."
"Of course not", she angrily countered. "But I can only do so much with the equipment we have on this ship. I mean, this ship wasn't meant for flexibility, she was built to shoot things. All she's really got is good combat sensors to see things with, weapons to shoot them with, and the tractor beam in case it wants to tow something.... around...."
Caterina's expression shifted just as Zack's did, the two minds arriving at the same destination from different paths. "The tractor beam,", they said in unison.
"Ordinarily it wouldn't do much," Caterina agreed. "But I'm already altering the tractor emitter. Instead of a steady graviton stream, this will be a burst. It should go it like... like... something really dense smashing through something not as dense."
The rear tractor emitter of the Koenig sent out a burst of blue energy that intersected the ribbon of red light holding Aurora in place. The enemy tractor beam failed and Koenig, freed from her fight with it, shot forward like a rocket, aimed right at the Aurora.
The ship shuddered violently under them. "They're targeting our impulsors," Magda warned. "Glancing hit on starboard impulsor housing. We're losing some power."
The Koenig shot free after the Nazi battlecruiser's tractor beam failed. As they raced forward, the enemy destroyer loomed up behind them, pouring disruptor fire into their rear. "Clever, they modified their tractor beam," Jarod remarked.
The bols of sapphire energy enveloped the small vessel. Its shields failed and flame erupted as the entire ship's bow came apart. It exploded in a fiery blaze when the barrage didn't cease.
The battlecruiser started focusing fire on the Koenig as well, now on their port side due to maneuvering. "Extend the shields," Julia ordered.
"Doing so." The ship started to shake. "Shield effectiveness is going down, we're at just fifty-two percent now."
The phaser arrays and quad-cannon emitters on the port lashed out at the enemy ship, striking its shields and intercepting the Nazi missiles before they could hit Koenig. "They're on docking approach."
Apley swung Koenig up around the Aurora's nacelle, shifting the inertia of the ship through subspace to avoid overshooting on their course. Zack watched quietly and with a bit of trepidation, but only a bit. They'd trained for this maneuver several times.
The tricky thing was that it still involved docking with a moving starship in combat conditions and getting right on target. The slightest mistake and the Koenig would plow into other parts of the Aurora, damaging both ships severely. A big enough impact could even destroy Koenig.
For a moment, Zack regretted not forcing Apley to let him take the helm, given the burns on his hands. But it was too late; all he could do was show faith in his XO.
Apley fired the impulsors up to an overtake speed, but not too high of one. He gradually reduced them and fired retro-thrusters as they came up to the opened dock door. He twisted the ship ever so slightly to fit the airlock extension and the support struts.
The Koenig shook hard as it slammed into place, but the landing struts and airlock held from the impact.
"We're docked, sir," Apley informed them all, his voice even and level, not at all like he had just threaded a needle at thousands of kilometers per second. "Establishing airlock now."
The impact of the Koenig's high speed landing jolted the bridge too. "Koenig is docked," Jarod reported. "Closing dock doors."
Robert nodded and felt the ship shake again as another antimatter missile hit their shields. "Locarno, get us out of here, maximum warp."
"Getting us the hell out of here... now." Locarno finished laying the course in and triggered the warp drive.
"9.65. 9.67. 9.6.... wait. They're dropping out of warp. I'm picking up a shift in their drive signature. I think they overloaded it."
"Yeah. But we got what we came for." Robert pressed the intercom. "Bridge to Security. Meridina, Commander Kane, get your teams and sweep the Koenig. Let's make sure our friend isn't aboard her."
"Once we're over the border, reduce our speed to Warp 9. No point in straining the engines even more." Robert wiped at his forehead. "I'm not in any hurry to face Admiral Davies anyway."
Ship's Log: 15 May 2641; ASV Aurora. Captain Robert Dale recording. We have returned to Harris Station for repair work. The mission was a technical success with the destruction of the Darglan data facility, but the cost.... the cost was too high, not just in those killed by the Changeling and the Nazis but in the fact we got into a fight with them. We knew peace was unlikely, but our actions may have made it impossible.
The command crew was sitting around the table in the conference room, including the officers from the Koenig. "Between our losses to the Changeling and the battle, we have twelve dead, fifteen wounded," Doctor Opani said from her seat near the end. The young Dorei woman, her skin a dark teal with light purple spots and dark purple hair, looked like she was going to choke. "I did all I could to stabilize some of the worst cases..."
"We've got them stabilized," Leo finished for her, giving his fellow physician a sympathetic look. "All of the remaining critical cases have a good chance at recovery."
Zack looked to Derbely. "Two weeks at normal cycle time, sir," she answered. "The dock is a drydock in miniature so that's not the issue, it's simply having to fix all of the damage."
"Aye." Scotty nodded and looked to the younger woman. "I'll assign ye some teams, Lieutenant. We'll have th' girl up an' about again in nae time."
"Thank you, sir," Derbely answered. "I'll also need some replacements. I lost people, and I'm not sure Lieutenant Lopana will recover enough for ship duty."
"We'll speak with fleet personnel. Until then I'll leave Scotty and Tom to see who can be spared for Koenig," Robert said. "Well, that handles that subject. What about the computers? How much data was compromised?"
Jarod looked up. "We can rule out the IU jump drive technical data, the Changeling never compromised our computer security on it. At the very least, it could have sent out some of the data on naqia and non-critical ship information. And unsealed personnel data."
"Security and Engineer personnel have been scouring the ship," Meridina said. "No further sabotage charges have been found, and the data we have so far hints that there were no others set. The greater issue is our computer security. The Changeling installed so many bypasses into our internal systems that computer security is completely compromised."
"We'll have to do a complete restoration from off-site backups," Jarod explained. "Which means a lot of systems will need to be brought offline completely. We'll probably require a week in spacedock ourselves."
"I don't know yet," she answered. The bags under her eyes showed Caterina hadn't slept at all the prior night. "I've been going over what we recovered, sorting technical data and astrographical... all I can tell you right now is that it has more universe designations and a great deal of astrographical data in this universe. I'm hoping it will tell us where the main Facility for S4W8 is."
"I'm hoping it's not on Earth," Julia remarked, her hands together. "If the Nazis get any indication of how to search for these things..."
"We'll worry about that when we confirm it," Robert said. "Is there anything else?" When there was no immediate answer, Robert stood. "Alright, we'll adj..."
All eyes turned on Zack. He had been quiet during the entire meeting, only speaking when his ship was involved. Now he looked at Robert. Robert could see that his friend's eyes were smoldering and lined with a bit of red. "Zack?", Robert asked.
"Why didn't you warn me, Rob?" Zack put his hand on the table. "Why didn't you tell me about this security leak before I left? If I'd known something was up, I would have been checking our systems, I would've seen the sabotage to our comm systems. Hell, I wouldn't have let that Changeling go one step without escort if you'd told me Draynal was a suspect!"
Zack's fist slammed on the table, startling everyone. "A judgement call?!", he shouted. "Seriously! You don't trust me with vital information because... what, you were afraid I'd abort? Were you so damned dedicating to pulling this mission off that you didn't care about what might go wrong?!"
"That's not what it was, Zack," Robert replied, his voice going up too. "I just... I have my reasons, but I knew that mission had to be fulfilled! And I didn't have enough warning to see what was..."
Zack leaned over and got in his face. "Twelve of my crew are dead Rob!" He brought a finger up so close it almost pressed against Robert's cheek. "Twelve! And I'm the one who has to write their families! I've got to tell a widower his only daughter got turned to vapor! Or maybe you'd like to tell Pammy DeSoto that her husband got flash-fried!"
"I had to make the call Zack!," Robert shot back. "That's my job! And that means people are going to die!"
"ENOUGH!" Julia's shout echoed in the room as she jumped to her feet. She took both and pushed them away from each other with her arms, getting between them. "That's enough, from both of you!" She faced Zack. "I'm sorry, Zack. Rob thought it was the right call." She turned to face Robert. "But he should have told you."
"It is my responsibility as much as Robert's," Meridina offered, standing as well. "You are right to be upset, Zachary. But please do not let your anger control you."
Zack's jaw clenched as he continued to glare at Robert and be glared back in return. "I'm done here," he finally said, turning away. "Permission to be excused, Captain."
Zack made a mocking salute and stormed off, joined by the Koenig command crew. The Aurora crew looked around until Robert waved them off as well. "Julia, go inform Harris Station we need spacedock time, please," Robert said. "I'll be in the ready room checking my final report."
She nodded, sensing he needed time alone. Robert walked across the bridge and entered the ready room office. He remembered Farmer telling him about such offices almost two years before. "A place for the Captain to decompress when he's on duty." He felt like he needed it.
Robert found his seat and drew in a breath when examining his report. He had taken full responsibility for what happened, for the decision to launch the operation regardless of the security risk, and for its disasterous result. It was the least he could do.
With the touch of a button Robert sent the report off to Maran. He brought up another document. The casualty list, both the dead crew from Aurora's contingent to the mission and those Koenig lost. The numbers were horrifying; Zack had lost over a quarter of his small crew. No wonder he was angry.
At that point it just hit home. His bad judgement had cost sixteen lives, not counting the hundreds of crew on those destroyed Reich vessels. He'd ruined a clandestine operation, violated the space of another sovereign power, and fired on their ships in their own space.
The stress of the last week finally proved too much with this result. Robert broke down and actually began crying, feeling like he was being crushed.
After her bridge watch Julia decided to check up on Zack. She went to his quarters, saw he was home, and hit the door chime. After several seconds it opened. She stepped in and saw him leaning over on his sofa seat. "How are you?"
"I feel like crap," he said. "I sent off the condolence letters already, so you don't have to bug me about those." He looked up at her with the eyes of someone who had wrestled with his thoughts and was tired of it.
"Yeah. I know." Zack stood up. "I'm... I'm just tired of this." He walked up to her, his eyes red from tears and his expression full of apprehension and dread. "I've got to get this off my chest, no matter what happens."
Zack put his hands on Julia's shoulders before she could stop him. "I've always felt this way, Julia Andreys," he said. "I... I love you, Julia."
"I'll always love you...", Zack continued. "I don't think I can ever get over it. You're just... you're... I can't think of how to say it but to say..."
They were so close that his breath actually felt warm on her face. A not-so-unfamiliar odor came across. "Zack... are you...."
He let her go and stepped away. "There, I said it," he said, sighing with finality. As if he knew the answer. "Now, all I want to ask is... would you ever say the same to me?"
"Julia, I only want honesty. Please, just honesty," Zack pleaded. "I can't move on without an honest answer. I just... I have to know! Could you ever love me? Could we ever have something together, something more?"
Julia stared at him for a moment, trying to process what he was saying. She remembered how much of a crush Zack had on her in school, but she always figured that was just because she was one of the few girls he didn't have a chance with. But... love? "Zack, what are you saying?"
"I'm saying, Julia, that I am deeply in love with you, that I have loved you for years and that it has become pure torture for me to be this close to you without working up the guts to ask." Zack went over to his table and leaned on it. "And I'm just tired of it. I just want to know if there's any hope of you ever feeling that way about me. I want to be more than your friend."
"Zack, you're kind of putting me on the spot here," Julia pointed out, feeling completely bewildered and off-balance. She'd come to give comfort, not find out... this.
"I'm sorry, I'm just...." Zack had tears in his eyes. "On Adrana. That computer being gave me the world she thought I wanted. She gave me a world where we were married. Where we were together and happy."
Oh God. Julia felt... she didn't know how to feel. She felt sympathy and confusion and even some disgust.
"It wasn't real. I... I realized it. But it made all of that come back. And then I talked to my Dad and to Clara and..." Zack sniffled. "I just can't stand not knowing any more. I just want to know. Is there hope? Is there any chance, Julia, that you could feel love for me, that we could become a family?"
"Stop pushing it, Zack," Julia retorted. "Do you expect me to just, in a few seconds, decide something like that?! We've never even dated before, we've..."
"We've known each other since we were kids," Zack countered. "You know me and I know you. And I think you are the most smart, beautiful, and talented woman to ever exist. And I would move heaven and earth to...." He stopped, seeing the expression on her face. He shook his head. "You don't. You won't."
Julia swallowed and shook her head. "You're right. You're my friend but I just... that's all I see us as."
"Don't you dare," he hissed. "Don't you Goddamn dare do that to me, Julie. Don't you string it out!"
"What is it you want from me, Zack?!," Julia screamed, her patience at an end. "You're a good friend, and you're funny and sweet and kind, but no, I don't see you as a lover or a future husband or anything. I love you to death as a friend, but that's all we'll be. And I'm not sure if that would ever change or not. I don't know the damn future! Now, I don't know what's gotten into you, but I do know this won't solve anything!"
Zack stared at her and at the bottle, its amber liquid within jostling slightly from her movement. The bottle was missing over a quarter of its contents
"You're drinking this stuff, Zack!" Julia put the bottle back down. "Is it really me driving you to this? Why... you rarely like beer, now you're drinking like your Dad!"
"Yeah." Zack held up a shot glass that was on the desk, a bit of tequila left in it. In one move he sent it down his throat. "Yeah, I am. Trying to see if Dad was right. If it'd make the pain go away."
"Rob." He slammed the glass on the desk so hard that Julia thought it would break. "He gets you, he gets Angel... he gets to be the Captain too. Robert Dale, the big hero!" He postured wildly, striking a melodramatic pose. "And Julia, the true love who swoons over him and never ever lets him know it."
Julia's face paled. It was the kind of pale that would make a smarter man, or in this case more sober man, stop.
"And there's me, Zachary Carrey. The also-ran. The second-best. The hanger-on." Each term seemed to drip more and more venom. "He gets it all and here I am, in his shadow." He walked by her and picked up the bottle. "He can even send me to get killed and the only thing I can do about it is be his loyal dog or run away. Run away run away run away.... maybe I should. Maybe I should give all of this crap up and go back home."
"Yeah. All for one and all for one, eh?" He held up the glass and seemed to reconsider that. "Huh. Got that wrong. Must be working. Maybe a few more shots and the pain will go away."
At that moment Julia felt a tear on her own eye. "Zack, we should have breakfast tomorrow. All of us. We should all get together and help you through this."
"Yeah. God knows I need it." Zack poured another shot. "I'm a true Carrey, and you know how hopeless we are if we don't have someone watching over us, making sure we don't screw it up, right? Otherwise we'll go back to the bottle. Cheers."
He brought the shotglass up. Julia shrieked and lashed out, smacking his hand and sending the shotglass and its contents flying into the near wall, where the tequila splattered and the glass shattered. She felt words come to her tongue, but couldn't quite get them out. She looked into Zack's sad brown eyes and the red lines around them and... Julia realized she didn't know what to do. How could she fix this? How could she make it better? When it was clear that every moment she was here, she was twisting the knife in his heart.
His words had struck home too. Julia hadn't realized how much it hurt that Robert was with Angela again while she was still alone.
"I'll... I'll leave you alone," she finally said, trying to fight the tears. "But Zack, please... we're here for you. I know this is something you need to do for yourself, but if you need us we're here."
And she couldn't take it anymore. The tears were rolling down Julia's face as she stormed out of the room.
Zack watched her leave and the door close. Through the haze in his head his heart was still hurting, aching. He'd confirmed it was as bad as he thought. There was no hope. The woman he loved did not love him and would never love him. "Guess it's time to move on," he muttered, holding the bottle of tequila in his hand. "Hey Dad, havin' that drink." He brought the bottle up like he was toasting. "Let's see if you were right."
At that point, he didn't bother getting another shotglass to replace the broken one. He put the opening of the bottle to his lips and took as big a drink as he could manage.
Meridina had returned to Security and found a message marked urgent. Seeing it was Lucy, Meridina went straight to her quarters. As an assistant department head Lucy had her own quarters on Deck 4, not as large as a department head but sufficiently comfortable. Meridina entered and found it dark. Lucy was sitting on her bed in a nightgown, her knees curled up to her chin. She looked over at Meridina and showed that she had been unable to sleep and was under tremendous emotional stress. "Lucy, what is wrong?"
"What... what's happening to me?", Lucy said, tears in her eyes. "Because it's not making sense. I've got this thing in me now and it saved us but then it got cold and terrible and I ... I..."
Meridina's expression froze. She swallowed and walked up to Lucy, sitting beside her on the bed. She pressed a hand to Lucy's arm and felt the turmoil roiling with her. No, not just the turmoil.
She felt Lucy's swevyra. Where it had once been a small ember, it was a fire now. She had called upon it intentionally, repeatedly, and it had come. But now it wouldn't go away either.
"I cannot," Meridina answered. "You have opened yourself to your swevyra, Lucy. It cannot be undone."
"But it scares me," she said, her voice hoarse. "At first it was... it was just useful, it saved our lives, let me fight the Changeling. But then it was trying to pull me back into the facility and I couldn't break free and I just... I was afraid and then angry and I just started to hate it and I wanted to rip it apart and then everything turned cold."
Meridina swallowed and clasped another hand to Lucy's shoulder. "Yes. You're not trained to deal with your emotions when wielding your swevyra. It brought forth the darkness within you."
"Yes. That is what happens when swevyra is joined with darkness." Meridina found her own mind racing. She had to tell Ledosh about this, she had to share this with the whole Order. "I... I may have done you a disservice for introducing this power to you, and for that I am sorry. This is dangerous. You must learn to control your emotions when wielding your swevyra."
"I..." Meridina lowered her eyes. "I must consult my superiors on Gersal. But you must promise me, do not use your swevyra again, not until I say! This is important, Lucy."
"No," Meridina growled, frowning. For Lucy the sight of her frown and the growl in her voice was terrifying, so completely unlike Meridina as it was. "Lucy, you do not try. You just do it. You must!"
"Then..." Meridina shook her head. "If you use it without training and let your darkness take over... it corrupts your swevyra, your very essence. Few have ever come back from corruption. They... they become murderers and monsters, they lose control and lash out at everything."
It was the middle of the night when the chime went off in Robert's quarters. He shifted in bed, prompting Angel to slide off him in her sleep, and reached over for the comm button on the nightstand. "Dale here," he said, his vision still blurry from being tired.
Sighing, Robert pulled his uniform jacket on as he went to his personal computer in his quarters and triggered the comm system. Maran appeared, dawn light behind him. "Admiral?", Robert asked.
Maran nodded. "You're being called before the Defense Committee, Captain Dale. You and your entire command staff."
Maran lowered his eyes. "You're facing a lot of criticism here in Portland, Robert. If the Defense Committee finds against you, the President and I won't have any choice. You and your crew will be removed from the Aurora. Permanently."
I'm not much of a diarist. I didn't do the girly diary thing when I was young and this feels like that kind of thing. I do the weekly entry and just focus on business.
But I suppose I need to sound out my thoughts. Everything feels like it's starting to unravel. The mission to find the Darglan data facility in S4W8 was a disaster because of that Changeling infiltrator. Now the Defense Committee is calling us in, all of us, to investigate what happened and judge us.
If that wasn't enough, Zack... where could I begin? He came with us because of our friendships and not anything he wanted to do. He's proven himself over and over, but I think that distance... maybe it made Rob not trust him, maybe not. All I know is that it's grown worse.
And now he tells me that he loves me and wants an answer on my feelings. I want to understand what he's going through, I'm trying to, but it's just... I can't see us working. I don't feel that way about him, and that's killing him. And I...
Julia was interrupted by the tone at her door. She looked up from her desk in her quarters and checked to make sure her blue nightrobe was firmly tied before calling out "Come in!"
When the door opened Barnes limped in. The Changeling had broken his leg on LA33. While Leo's treatments were enough to fix the break and mend it, the damage it caused him would last a little longer. "Hey Julie," he said, stepping up to her table. "Can I sit?"
"I am. But I wanted to..." He sighed and briefly looked out the window. Instead of open stars or a planet, it was the dark blue sheen of the spacedock facility the Aurora was berthed in. "Well, you know. Zack's my buddy. He's my best friend, even when he's a pain in the ass. And it sucks to see him hurting like that."
"Do you ever think he'd be better off back home?", Barnes asked. "I mean, we all had reasons for doing this. Zack just joined us because we're friends."
The thought brought an exasperated sigh from Julia. "Sometimes. But then I remember he wasn't doing much before this happened. He had to stop playing baseball and after that he was just drifting. I'm not sure he'd be any better if he had stayed."
"Maybe." Barnes shrugged. "I tried to get him to come to the holodeck but he's not leaving his quarters. He wouldn't even talk to me."
"He's... he's just having a bad time," Julia said, trying not to think of that open bottle she'd seen in Zack's quarters and the odor on his breath.
"It's something he has to work through himself, I think." Julia looked at the clock on her desk. "We've got a busy day today. We should probably get it stared."
"Don't governments usually take longer to get these things put together?", Barnes grumbled. "It's just been a day and we're already going before the Defense Committee?"
"Uh huh." Barnes gave her a dark look. "And you don't think that's pretty damned convenient for that jackass Davies? You got to figure a few of the people on it are his cronies."
"I'll remind you he is our superior officer now," Julia remarked. "We were in the center of this mess, so yeah, we're going to get dragged into the mud."
"Heh." Barnes frowned. "Speaking of messes. Julia, why the hell didn't we get warned that Draynal was a suspect? Yeah, Zack is pissed, and he has good reason to be."
"Don't ask me," Julia answered. "I didn't know they were suspecting him until Meridina told me he was a Changeling in disguise."
Barnes looked at her and rolled his eyes. "Jesus Christ, what the hell has gotten into Rob? Sending us off despite the security breach, not even warning you about what was going on..."
Flames were devouring the New Liberty Colony as Robert ran through it, a gun in his hand. The dead bodies of the colonists, many of them people he knew, were scattered around the streets. "Beth!", he called out. "BETH!"
He heard a scream in the distance. He ran through a body-choked street, picking up speed until he tripped. He fell and looked into the vacant eyes. Gabriel, one of the first people he and his friends had ever helped, lay before him, the back of his head a burnt mass. The scream came again, jolting Robert and making him get back to his feet.
He stormed into Freedom Square, the site of so many happy celebrations, and found it full of bodies. There were still living people here, though. Men in black combat armor, their faces partially obscured by visor plates, and carrying terrible weapons. The swastika emblem was visible in a red band on their upper right arms.
Before them was Beth Rankin, his cousin, bloodied and bruised and on her knees. "Rob, help me!", she shouted as one of them pressed a disruptor pistol to the back of her head.
He brought his pistol up and fired on them. But he was too late. With a flash of green from the pistol she fell over, dead.
Robert screamed in rage and hate at her death, firing his weapon repeatedly into the mass as they scattered. One went down, two... a third... His weapon ran out and Robert tackled the last one, the one who shot Beth. He brought his fist down on the man over and over again, ignoring the pain in his hand from hitting the visor. "I'll kill you!," he screamed, punching again and again and...
A cold feeling was swelling up inside of Robert as punches landed on the Nazi who had shot Beth. When he took the time to notice, he could see his reflection in the visor. He saw his own face twisted into an expression of hate and rage. And his eyes were all wrong now, going from green to a golden-yellow hue.
The visor on his enemy opened. "We meet again, Kapitn." It was Fassbinder, the SS officer he'd met in the first contact with the Reich.
Pain shot up through Robert's side from the knife Fassbinder had plunged between his ribs and into his heart. He toppled over, feeling only the bizarre cold rage as he...
"What's happening to you? It's like you have a nightmare every other night now." Angel reached over to the nightstand they'd set up on her side of the bed. She poured a cup of water from a pitcher she kept there and offered it to him. "You've never been like this before."
The truth was, he didn't want to. His nightmares of the Reich destroying New Liberty had spurred him to go for the LA33 facility despite the security issues. That decision had, yes, allowed them to destroy the facility so the Nazis could never use it... but it had also led to a fight with the Nazi forces in their own space. He had committed an act of war over a dream.
"Hey! Don't get like that." Angel kissed him on the cheek. "We had to do it. It was just bad luck. Monstrously horrible luck."
"Maybe." Robert took her hand and turned his head enough to kiss her on the lips. "But it doesn't change the fact that I didn't do enough. Meridina didn't have strong evidence about Draynal, so I used it as an excuse. If I'd told Zack about him... what if it had been enough? Zack never would have let him board."
"Or he would have snuck aboard a different way," Angel pointed out. "That whole 'shapeshifter' thing. Listen, Rob, I get that Zack's pissed, but it's not going to do any good moping about it. We've got to deal with the jerks on the Committee now and they're going to snap at any weakness they find. So don't dwell on it. Lay out the facts and why you did things, it should turn out fine."
"I hope. I'd hate to lose the ship." Robert shifted on the bed to face Angel directly. "Thanks for the vote of confidence, Angel."
She smirked. "Hey, we gotta stick up for each other, right? Just don't ask me to do too much of this touchy-feely stuff. It's not me."
"I know. You're more into hitting than touching." Robert allowed himself a slight smile at that. "Or so experience tells me. Although you're not bad at the touching either..."
Angel laughed warmly at that. "Depends on what's being touched." They kissed again. When it was over, Robert exhaled strongly. "Well, let's get this over with. Let's go keep the Aurora."
He looked at the quarter-full bottle of tequila on the table opposite his bed and moaned. His head ached terribly and he felt starved. He managed to focus enough to pull his clothes on and was on the verge of ordering a replicated breakfast when his door chime went off. "What?!", he cried out, irritated. "Come in!"
The door swished open. Leo stepped in and looked around. "Well, you look refreshed. Booze go straight to your head?"
Zack looked back over to the table. A second bottle had... half? Maybe three-fifths of the content left. "Oh," he muttered.
"What isn't wrong?", Zack asked. "Everything's wrong. Everything." Zack stood up and went to the table. Leo grabbed the tequila bottle he was reaching for before he could take it. "I was just going to put them up, man."
Zack looked at him for a moment and sighed. "Yeah, if you weren't here I probably would've had another drink."
"Saw it, lived with it..." Zack shrugged. "I just... I wanted to see if it worked for me too. Do you know what he told me, Leo? Before he died? That it made the pain go away."
"Yeah. We knew that too." Zack shook his head. "But it works anyway. You get to that point when everything's in a haze and you're not feeling it anymore."
"Yes and no. It's about more than us. It's about..." Zack drew in a sigh, unwilling to bring up the other pain he was feeling. "Okay, yeah, I'm getting a little tired of Rob right now. This thing's changed him. He's acting like this invincible white knight now and it got twelve of my crew killed."
Those words made Zack's eyes focus on Leo's. "Yeah? Well I wish he'd act like it. Best friends don't send you out without warning you what's up. Best friends don't decide you should be risked because they think the mission is more important!"
"The hell it isn't!" Zack got up and paced around his room. "Now I know what you're going to say next, because I was there for Admiral Maran's fancy lectures. He's my superior officer too. He has to give orders to fulfill the mission even if it means getting any of us killed."
"Yeah. Well, maybe we should decide what's more important then. Our friendship or the service." Zack stopped and looked down at an old photo of him and Robert in the baseball uniforms of their high school team, smiling at the camera and holding the state championship trophy. "It's getting about time for the trip down, right?"
Leo went to say something but thought better of it. It was clear this was something Zack had to work through himself.
It had been two nights since Meridina last enjoyed her own bed. She sat in meditative posture on the floor of Lucy's quarters, Lucy sitting across from her. Lucy's breathing was growing faster. "Don't force it," Meridina urged her. "Just... allow the energy to settle."
"I know." Meridina swallowed and drew in a frustrated breath. "But it is not about what you want any more."
"No!" Realizing she'd barked that like a command, Meridina reached forward and set a hand on her scared compatriot's shoulder. "I'm sorry... unless my Mastrash authorizes it, I can only show you basic calming techniques. Anything more must be done with my Order's approval."
"It is a... difficult matter," Meridina answered. "My people had the same experience with other races like the Dorei, but there were issues that have made us very cautious about expanding the knowledge of using swevyra."
"So they'd rather leave me untrained until I go insane and become a psychotic?" There was an edge in that question.
"No. No, Lucy, not at all." Meridina smiled thinly. "I am certain some training can be authorized for you. The extent of it will have to be determined by my Order's Council, though. I cannot make that decision."
"Alright." Lucy sighed and looked up. "We're due to go down to Portland in an hour. We should probably get ready."
"I would prefer another day of working with you, to make sure you have control," Meridina remarked. "But we do what we must with the time permitted." She stood up as Lucy did. "I will meet you at the shuttle bay."
The Susquehanna had been cleared to land directly at Defense Command. It was a new structure erected on the northern side of the Columbia River, between its junction with the Willamette and Lake Vancouver. Towering azure structures formed a five-pointed star around a central building, walking bridges connecting them all together complete with a circle that rounded the middle of the bridges.
The top of the central structure contained a large bay for shuttles and other small craft. Locarno set the Susquehanna down under guidance from the traffic controller and secured the runabout while everyone filed out. The officers of the Aurora and Koenig were met by MPs in light combat armor, a Dorei and an Alakin, who motioned for them to follow.
Robert exchanged a glance with Julia when they stepped into a large lift, meant for carrying over a dozen people, and squeezed to the side. The Dorei MP pressed a key and the lift rumbled, lowering them into the structure's middle stories. "I'm surprised this isn't at Council Hall," Leo remarked from the other side of the lift.
"The Staff is made up of officers," Julia answered. "The Committee has a mix of officers and legislators from the Council."
"Three Senators, three Councilmembers, Admiral Maran and the senior service chiefs, the Intelligence Director, with the Defense Minister chairing it all," Robert specified.
"Yes he will," Robert said, and that was all he said. He looked over at Zack, who was staring into the distance. Feelings of guilt stirred inside of him. Whatever was about to come his way, Robert knew he deserved some of it.
They were escorted into the Committee chamber gallery. A long desk curved inward was near the end of the room. Tables across from it were for those providing testimony to sit along with, Robert suspected, legal counsel. "I should have asked Borja to come along," he mumbled.
"Conflict of interest," Julia reminded him. "She was already assigned to defend Liton against you and Meridina, remember?"
They were directed to tables. After this happened, an Asian man in an Army formal uniform went through the side door. When he returned, he was followed by the Defense Committee. Davies and Maran were at the front, along with the other service commanders. The men and women behind them were in civilian dress suits of varying types. Robert recognized Senator Sriroj of the Sol System Republic but the others he was not so immediately familiar with. The mix was rather fair, with the other senators being a teal-complexioned Dorei and a bronze-feathered Alakin. One of the Congressman was openly a Gersallian given his garb was more like robes than a business suit.
At the end came the Defense Minister. Robert and the others had met Minister Hawthorne before. The assembled felt the slightest of chills when he exchanged whispers with Davies before finding his seat. Was it just a passing comment or a sign that the Minister was going to side with their strongest critic?
Hawthorne gave no indication of either when he took his seat and smacked the gavel. "We are convening this emergency session to determine what occurred on the 14th of May in the classified operation to determine the existence of a Darglan base in Universe S4W8. While said operation succeeded in the goal of denying Darglan technology to the Nazi German Empire of S4W8, it also caused over a dozen casualties and damage to both vessels involved, as well as instigating an international incident with Alliance vessels being found in Reich territory and firing upon Reich ships within that territory." Hawthorne put his hands together on the stand before him. "In short, your operation has quite possibly thrown our new Alliance into an intersellar war and thus has threatened the stability of the Allied Systems. Now, we are not here to place blame but to discover what occurred and determine if there is blame to be placed. It is my intention to call each of you up in order of rank, beginning with..." He consulted a list openly. "...Lieutenant Doctor Roliri Opani of the ASV Koenig. Lieutenant, please step forward."
Hawthorne stumbled for his notes for a moment. "Before we begin, the Committee wishes to see each of you separately. Everyone else will await their turn for testimony in the antechamber. Sergeant, please show them to where they can wait."
Robert and Julia looked at each other. "We're going to get railroaded," Julia whispered. "They're trying to turn us against each other."
Meridina was quite aware of what was going on as they filed out of the committee chamber. But she had other concerns. She had hoped they would let her be present when Lucy gave testimony, should it become heated. But now... Lucy was going to be facing their inquisition alone.
She caught Lucy's attention and brought them over to beside a window looking out at the Columbia river and the buildings of Portland beyond. "Lucy, can you do this?", she asked.
"Yes. Admiral Davies has laid the groundwork well," Meridina conceded. "But do not despair. Hearts and minds can be swayed, particularly with the aid of the truth."
"It will be. Now, I expect you will be called first, so remember; keep your breath calm and focus on your control. Do not let anything they say disturb your emotional center." Meridina put her hands on Lucy's shoulders as she said that. "You can do this."
After Lucy nodded and agreed, Meridina let go and saw her walk back to join the others. She did not; she expected she would be one of the last called, which gave her time to do what was needed. And so she returned to the Susquehanna.
The officers on Koenig, up to Apley, had all gone first. Apley stepped out of the room looking on the bored side. He went over to stand with Sherlily and Zack. Zack nodded to him and looked over to where some of the Aurora crew were congregating.
"Keeping your crew away from the rest of us, these guys are trying to divide us and now it looks like it's working," Barnes pointed out.
"We're the ones who got sent into the fire. We weren't told who to watch out for or what to look for. Our ship got sabotaged under our noses because Robert and Meridina didn't tell us anything," Zack pointed out.
Barnes shook his head. "He screwed up, okay, but you're carrying this really far, man. Just go talk to him."
"Don't." Zack shook his head. "I'm... Tom, yeah, we're friends. We'll probably still be friends. But right now, I'm really pissed at him for a number of reasons. And I need time to process that."
Caterina stood up from between Angel and Jarod. Angel gave her a pat on the shoulder and a last vote of confidence.
"Poor Cat," Zack sighed. Nothing else could be said as Caterina quietly followed the sergeant-at-arms into the room.
"So you were proceeding with the data download when the Changeling appeared," Minister Hawthorne asked, looking down at a report.
"A Changeling that happened to annihilate an entire security team in a couple of seconds," he continued.
"And yet you're still with us," Hawthorne said, interrupting her. "Half a dozen well-trained security officers go down but you're still here. How?" There was evident skepticism in his voice.
"Um..." Caterina swallowed and fidgeted with her hands. "...Lucy.... Lieutenant Lucero fought with it."
"Lieutenant Lucilla Lucero, an operations officer with engineering background but no major combat experience?", Senator Kepal, the Alakin, asked.
"Yes sir. S-she... saved my life, Mister Senator s-sir." Caterina knew she looked like she was abou to curl up and die, and she knew this because it was about what she wanted to do.
"The Changeling was a-attacking me. A-and she stopped it. She held her...her hand up a-and it just went f-flying."
Most of the looks were incredulous. The Gersallian representative from the Council leaned forward. "Lieutenant, you are describing the use of swevyra. Are you saying Lieutenant Lucero had such a swevyra?"
"I'm not sure what a swev-eera is, s-sir," Caterina answered, trying hard to focus and stop the stutter in her voice. Having a dozen sets of eyes glowering down on her was not making that easy. "But it... it was like w-what Meridina does."
"Commander Meridina, the swevyra'se serving on your ship?" The Gersallian sat back and looked to Hawthorne. "Has this Lieutenant Lucero been trained to use it?"
Hawthorne eyed the Gersallian Councilman, who sat back and indicated he had no more questions. Hawthorne turned his head back to Caterina. "Lieutenant, there is something on the record I would like cleared."
"Were you, or were you not, responsible for the incursion of the species known as 'Daleks' that forced the destruction of the Darglan facility on your homeworld?"
"I... I..." Caterina found trouble getting her voice to speak. She felt like she was being driven into a trap. "Well, I did bring...."
Hawthorne, clearly fed up with Caterina, raised his voice. "Lieutenant Delgado, were you not in command of the vessel Weaver when it went on the survey mission in Universe W8R4? And did you not bring a load of debris and artifacts back into the Facility itself, in violation of common safety precautions when dealing with unknown alien technology? Did your science team not open the artifact containing several Daleks, which proceeded to attack the Facility and require its destruction? Because all of my records say the answer is yes. Perhaps the records your own friends wrote are wrong."
"In other words, you showed a disturbing lack of common sense and recklessness, on top of ending your survey mission without authority to indulge in your personal whims of curiosity." Hawthorne leaned forward further. "Can you tell us why you were given such an important role in such a critical and sensitive mission despite this proven history of reckless disregard for procedure and failure to properly follow orders?"
At that point, all Caterina could think of was Simon and the others on her team who were gunned down by the Daleks. And Control... he had showed her so much, and he was gone too. She broke down and started weeping. "I... I..."
Caterina tried to hold back the sobbing. "I... I studied the Da-Darglan tech f-from the m-moment we had it. I knew w-what to.... to look for." She sniffled. "I'm s-sorry about the D-Daleks. I n-never thought it'd hap-happen like that. I pro-promise it w-w'on't happen ag-again."
Angel was pale with rage while holding her weeping sister. Beside her Robert had a hand on her shoulder while Julia paced around. "I don't think it'll solve anything, Angel," Julia pointed out.
"So that's what he's doing? Dredging up every mistake we've ever made?" Robert sighed. "Try to make us look stupid and hope that sways the others?"
Julia didn't look back immediately, keeping her focus on the door. "That kind of thing works. Especially if you let them goad you into outrage. We just have to keep it cool."
Once before the Committee, Lucy didn't have long before the hard questions came. "Lieutenant Delgado testified that you used some sort of special psychokinetic powers to fight the Changeling," Hawthorne asked her bluntly. "We are aware that such abilities exist, but your record shows no indication of them. Would you please demonstrate?"
Having seen how Hawthorne and the others reduced Caterina to tears, Lucy briefly pondered using it on him. But at the slightest sensation of cold within her she changed her mind, remembering Meridina's warnings. "One moment." Lucy swallowed and sucked in a breath to focus herself. She looked at the desk in front of her and extended her hand. The energy within her surged.
It surged too strongly. She had been looking to pick it up. She couldn't get the focus right and, instead, the desk toppled over and slammed into the committee's long desk. "Lieutenant!", Davies barked at her at the clatter.
Fully rattled by her failure to control what she'd done, Lucy swallowed. "Sorry sir, I'm... I'm still getting the hang of it."
The Gersallian Councilman looked ready to say something, but he was in awe for the moment and could not interrupt as Hawthorne glared at Lucy. "Perhaps some more forethought should be taken with how you choose to demonstrate this... this power." He overcame however much the incident had rattled him fairly quickly. "And you used this to fight the Changeling?"
"I see." Hawthorne checked the materials in front of him. "Lieutenant, I would like to ask about some of your missions aboard Aurora over the past year. To start with, a few weeks ago you were assigned as pilot to the Rio Grande for an unspecified mission?"
"It wasn't a mission," Lucy replied. "Commander Jarod asked for some leave time to assist old friends. He asked for a runabout and I was assigned as pilot."
"I see. Then, if it wasn't a mission, can you explain why the records show a firearm discharge during this... excursion?" Hawthorne put his hands together.
Lucy swallowed and took a breath. "We had a hostage situation. A kidnapper was holding a child hostage. Lieutenant Delgado, as in Angel Delgado, shot him with a stun setting after I disarmed him."
"I see. Yet transporter logs also confirm that Lieutenant Delgado had beamed into what sensor logs show was a secured facility. And I will add that we know you returned several individuals from Earth A4P5 to New Liberty, which is clearly more than visiting old friends."
"Lieutenant Lucero." Davies spoke up now. "Answer this question simply. Did you or did you not participate in an unauthorized extraction mission to an Earth that falls under the Contact Limitations regulations?"
"As your organization never officially revealed your existence to their governments and societies, it does," Davies pointed out. "So the answer is yes?"
"And who authorized this excursion? Commander Jarod would have needed authority from a command officer."
Davies' nostrils flared at seeing her defiance. Hawthorne shook his head and checked his notes. As he did so, the Dorei senator leaned forward. "Lieutenant, according to these records, you accompanied Captain Dale when he boarded the Mayala three months ago."
Lucy nodded. "Yes. We were on a covert mission to undermine Captain Potana's rampage in the Cardassian DMZ."
"The same mission where your captain sabotaged one of the most advanced vessels of the Dorei fleet and allowed the Cardassian Empire to capture vital Dorei technology?", the Senator asked pointedly.
"I wasn't told everything as I'm not an official senior officer," Lucy reminded them. "All I know for sure is that we blew the Mayala up after enabling the Cardassians to remotely disable her systems."
"Your claimed ignorance is becoming tiresome," Hawthorne said. "Now, we have some questions on the first contact with the Nazi German Reich at Krellan Nebula, and I suggest you answer them..."
It had taken some time for Meridina to navigate the bureaucracy of her own Order, with an active Council meeting giving the clerks reason to deny or delay her request to speak to Ledosh. Finally he appeared on the screen. "Meridina. Are you well?"
"I am. But I have much to discuss." Meridina took a calming breath, subduing her nervousness and energy at what she had to report. "Lucy Lucero's swevyra has fully manifested."
"No," Meridina answered. "I have not shown her anything. She has called upon it herself. The first two occasions were minor usages, but she recently was forced to defend herself against a Changeling of S5T3. She called on her swevyra repeatedly and actively."
"Briefly. At the end of her fight with the being, when her fear and anger swelled. But it has not taken hold of her."
Ledosh let out a sigh. "Very good. It is well you have reported this. I will inform the Council. Have you taught her emotional focus?"
"I have started. But I am also concerned. The leadership of the Alliance military has brought us before their Defense Committee, and it is clear that Defense Minister Hawthorne is one of those who oppose Robert and the others."
"Do not commit to such yet," Ledosh warned. "Karesl and Goras would gain too much of an advantage. If Lucy is to be trained, the Council must approve it."
"I understand." Meridina looked at the chronometer. "I should return to the others, I will be testifying soon."
"Lieutenant Delgado." Hawthorne looked back briefly to the Dorei senator before returning his gaze to Angel. "Do you mind explaining to us the authorization Captain Dale cited in turning over critical technical data to the Cardassians?"
"He was ordered to do everything short of giving them IU drives," Angel replied, keeping her patience low. But all she could think of was how these bastards had reduced her poor sister to tears.
"President Morgan's orders were explicit," Maran replied. He looked over to the stunned Dorei delegate. "I also conferred with the President-General of the Dorei Federation, Princess Syrina, to make sure she understood the ramifications of Captain Potana's actions. She accepted the idea tha we would have to provide the Cardassians with technical data on the Mayala."
Hawthorne frowned and turned back to her. "You went along with Commander Jarod on his unofficial excursion to his native Earth in defiance of regulations, did you not?"
"I went to protect him," Angel replied. "There's a criminal organization that was looking to abduct him. They'd already kidnapped two people and we had to rescue them."
"So you misused Alliance Stellar Navy resources in a private action that violated regulation?", Hawthorne answered.
Hawthorne and Davies glared at her from their seats, as did the Russian general to Davies' side. Hawthorne looked around and seemed irritated that some people had begun to smile or seem amused. "Reports say you brought six back," Hawthorne pointed out, as if happy to catch her in a lie.
"Yes, we did. I said five innocent people. I didn't count Miss Parker." Angel folded her arms and sat back. "Is there anything else?"
"Actually, I find her entertaining," a Human Councilman stated from one wing, earning a glare from Hawthorne and Davies. Angel didn't recognize him or his accent. "Please, do continue with your interrogation, Minister."
Hawthorne looked back to Angel and checked his datapad. "Lieutenant, several years ago, did you participate in an infiltration of the Saudi city of Dammam on your home Earth of H1E4?"
Angel blinked and nodded slowly. "Yes, I did. We were helping Sarah Brindley get her daughters and son back."
"After he abducted them from US soil and took them to his home country, where his ex-wife had no standing to sue for custody," Angel retorted. "They even arrested her. The US government wouldn't help her, nobody would until we did."
"Still, you violated Saudi territory, injured several Saudi citizens, and..." Hawthorne checked the report. "Apparently you personally, as a distraction, stepped out into the open street without a hijab and provoked the Saudi vice police into trying to arrest you, at which time you brutally beat them, causing two broken arms, four broken legs, and several severe injuries among a group of four."
Angel at that point smirked. "What can I say? I don't appreciate assholes who treat women like scum and property."
"Pardon me, Admiral, but what does this have to do with what happened during the LA33 operation?", Angel asked heatedly. "You're just digging stuff up that's not relevant."
"We decide the relevance, Lieutenant, not you," Hawthorne said. "Now, there is another operation during your time running the Facility that I wish to bring up...."
"Before you do, Minister, I have my own question." Davies leaned forward in his seat. "Lieutenant Delgado, please answer this: are you now in a personal relationship with your commanding officer?"
"Don't be coy, Lieutenant." Davies put his hands together in front of him. "To be more exact, Lieutenant, are you in a sexual relationship with Captain Dale?"
Angel simply stared at him for a moment before choosing to respond. "Who I sleep with is none of your damn business."
"Oh, but I think it is," Hawthorne remarked. "It would explain why your sister was sent on a highly classified covert mission despite her history of disregarding orders and reckless endangerment of herself and others."
"Robert sent Caterina on that mission because she is smart, smarter than the lot of you put together!", Angel shouted. "Who the hell do you think you are..." Even as she shouted, Davies demanded she stop, but she ignored him. "...to attack us like this, over and over?! We're out there tring to hold the line and protect the Alliance!"
"Sergeant-at-Arms, escort Lieutenant Delgado to the brig," Hawthorne ordered. "You're going up on charges, Lieutenant."
Hawthorne and Davies looked ready to explode, and they nearly did so when they realized that the Councilman who had earlier supported her was chuckling. "Councilman Zoral, sir, I insist you refrain from undermining this proceeding or I will have you removed," Hawthorne demanded.
"I call the Defense Minister to order," Senator Sriroj declared from her own seat, standing. Three other legislators stood with her. "It is not his place to remove a sitting member of this Committee. And to be blunt, this interrogation of a woman's private life is out of order as well, and she has every right to express that contempt."
Hawthorne looked like he had been struck. "Senator, I must protest, you are undermining the Committee!"
"It is legitimate questioning," General Gulinev insisted. "Fraternization by a superior officer with his subordinate undermines the discipline of the service. Military personnel must sacrifice many things in the name of their duty."
"Minister, I will withdraw my motion if you strike from the record the entire exchange regarding Lieutenant Delgado's personal life and rescind your order for her jailing," Senator Sriroj said. "Otherwise I move for a vote to adjourn so that I can bring the issue of your conduct before the Senate Military Operations Committee. If I must, I shall seek your full censure."
For a moment Angel felt like gloating as she saw Hawthorne grind his teeth in frustration. But despite her temper she held back, knowing it would make things worse. Hawthorne nodded finally. "Very well. All questions relating to Lieutenant Delgado's fraternization with her commander are stricken. Sergeant-at-Arms, belay my last order." Hawthorne directed his gaze at Angel. "Lieutenant, to return to your time in the Facility, I would like to ask about an operation in Syria several months after the Damman op..."
"They're throwing everything at us," Angel complained. "Hawthorne tried to arrest me because I wouldn't talk about my relationship with Robert. And he brought up Damman. Damman. And that time in Syria where I left those assholes hanging from the lamppost in their undies!"
Robert looked at her in confusion. "We didn't even keep records back then, how did they know about it?"
A man with dark gray hair, well combed and dressed and with his beard equally trimmed had stepped in. His eyes, a light brown in shade, scanned the area and, as he looked at them, his face curled into a slight smile. He walked up to them and said, "Hello. I'm Lawrence Smith, United States National Security Agency." He offered a hand. "Congratulations, Mister Dale. Or Captain, I should say."
Robert didn't accept the hand, since he was focused on the face. He'd seen it before. He could even remember the first time he'd seen it, the first time he'd met this man, in a very different Portland than the one they were near right now. "Agent Jones," he said, making the name sound like an accusation.
"It should be obvious. I've been asked to offer testimony," he answered. "And since the United States government of our little Earth is very concerned to keep good relations with the Allied Systems, the President was quick to agree to sending me. Excuse me."
Smith walked past them and to the door, where the MPs allowed him in on seeing his paperwork. Julia sighed. "I guess that explains how they knew about Damman."
"I need to speak to the President," Robert mumbled. "There's got to be a way for him to stop this witchhunt."
Locarno sat at the table and waited for Hawthorne to finish looking over his paperwork. The man Robert had called "Agent Jones" was sitting near the rear of the chamber now, watching quietly. "Lieutenant." Hawthorne put his hands together and looked toward Locarno. "Did you defy Captain Dale's first orders to violate Reich space?"
"Because I believed there was no justification yet," Locarno clarified. "It would have ruined the mission as well as nearly starting a war. I suggested probes be used to regain contact with Koenig and Captain Dale agreed."
"Very well." Hawthorne shifted in his seat. "Lieutenant, I took a moment to look over your file before calling you in. True or false; were you given a dishonorable discharge from Starfleet?"
"I was expelled from Starfleet Academy. As a result I was no longer a member of Starfleet. I was not given a discharge."
Hawthorne smirked. "Yes, I see the distinction in words, but in spirit? You were kicked out of Starfleet, Lieutenant, for what?"
Locarno lowered his eyes. "I convinced the cadets in my flight squadron to train for a flying maneuver banned under regulations. We had an incident when training for it and one of them died."
"And when the investigators came, you lied to them and encouraged your subordinates to lie?", Hawthorne asked.
Locarno drew in a breath. Having this starched suit drag his dirty laundry out like this brought the memories of that failure roaring back. The pain was fresh again. "I did," he admitted.
"One of my subordinate cadets, Cadet Crusher, decided he was going to tell the truth. Once he'd done so, I... I couldn't just continue to avoid responsibility. So I confessed to the inquiry."
Hawthorne cut in again. "And yet you were given a position of trust almost from the moment you met Captain Dale and his organization? Despite your past failures in judgement?"
Robert sat in the cockpit of the Susquehanna, staring at the blank screen. Seeing "Jones" again had him thinking abou all the choices made in those days. What if they had taken that offer from "Jones" aka Smith and allowed the US government to move in on the Facility? Rescue ops might've stopped on their world, yes, but they could have continued elsewhere. And they might never have brough the Daleks in.
And you might not have met Picard and rescued Scotty and Locarno and Farmer. You wouldn't have met Meridina. And who knows what nasty things the government might have asked us to do.
The screen blipped and Robert watched one of President Morgan's aides step into view. "Miss Boronov?"
"Captain Dale." Her Russian accent was not very thick but still discernable. "I'm afraid the President can't see you now."
"He does. He also knows its important that his authority does not weigh in on the Committee proceedings. And that it can't be said you've spoken with him." There was sympathy on the woman's face. "I'm sorry, Captain. But you can't see him until this is over."
Robert lowered his eyes. "I think we're losing this, Miss Boronev. Hawthorne is in league with Davies and the military heads are going along wih it. They're bringing up everything."
"Yes. It is politics. It can't be helped. If you want to help yourself, Captain, cooperate with them fully. Do not let it be said you tried to evade the Committee. The rest will attend to itself." With that final remark Boronev terminated the call.
Barnes was in with the Committee when Julia stepped up to Locarno, sitting by himself. "How did it go?"
"They brought up my time in Starfleet," Locarno answered. He looked up at her. "It's not a time I like to remember."
"Sometimes I think of Joshua. I got him killed. Then to protect myself I tried to ruin his memory." Locarno rubbed at his forehead. "Just one lie after another. And it didn't get me anywhere."
"Back when you offered me a place in the Facility. I was ready to say 'No, just take me back. You don't want me.'" Locarno seemed to be looking beyond her, into the past that was in his thoughts. "But I realized what you were offering me. It was a second chance to be something. I could redeem what I'd done to Josh."
The door opened and Barnes came out, frowning. "Lieutenant Commander Doctor Leonard Gillam," the Sergeant-at-Arms called.
"Doctor, please explain for the benefit of this Committee your behavior during the mission to Abdis of R4A1," Hawthorne asked. "Specifically, your insistence on putting a woman through a dangerous procedure without proper facilities and without a full knowledge on the parasite within her."
"We were short for time," Leo explained. "When she gave birth the creature inside was going to re-assert control. It had to be done there."
"According to records, the woman nearly died," Hawthorne continued. "Doctor, I am no medical expert, but I can quote at least three surgeons who described your operation as reckless and inappropriate. One even told me you should have your license revoked."
"It's the nature of the medical community that some will believe in excess caution," Leo replied. "Because I've received notices from a dozen surgeons who congratulated me on the operation. Doctor Andja Layl, who I shall point out is the most distinguished neuro-surgeon on Gersal, went as far as to publish a paper supporting me."
"Just to be clear, Commander Scott..." Hawthorne made a show of checking his paperwork. "You were once charged by Starfleet for sabotage of a starship and theft of one?"
"We saved Earth, sir," Scotty replied. "Went back in time with that Klingon ship, picked up a couple o' whales, and got 'em tae talk tae th' alien probe."
"Really." Hawthorne had a blank look on his face. A number of the others were clearly bewildered, although some of the legislators were clearly amused. "Tell me, Commander, was anyone punished for your crew's transgressions?"
"Oh really?" Hawthorne smiled and looked at his records. "Because I see here that the Federation demoted your superior officer."
"Oh, aye sir." Scotty grinned widely. "Captain Kirk was nae enjoying being an admiral. They demoted him back tae Captain an' gave him back th' Enterprise. He was happy as a clam, sir. Wasnae a punishment at all, 'twas a reward."
Scotty stood and walked back toward the door. As he did so, the old engineer couldn't help but smirk.
Zack looked at him and nodded to Magda and Derbely, who walked off to join the other Koenig crew. "Yeah?"
"Upset doesn't begin to cover it," Zack said. "You didn't trust me. You were so wrapped up in completing the mission and being the hero that you didn't trust me with anything that might make me call it off."
"That's... that's not it," Robert insisted. "It was... dammit, I don't know how to explain this. I didn't know he was a Changeling, okay? And we thought Liton could be it. I had nothing in the way of proof that Draynal was an imposter."
"But you knew enough to see that he could have been something!", Zack retorted. "If you'd just told me, I could've stopped him from coming aboard, or kept an eye on him. He sabotaged my damn ship under my nose because you didn't give me any warning!"
Robert pursed his lip. "I know," he answered hoarsely. "My God, Zack, if I could change it I would, it was a mistake and I'm sorry."
"Thought so." Zack shook his head. "I know the names of every member of my crew, Rob. Don't know their favorite sports or drinks or who is dating who, but I know their names. Including the people who died. I knew some who were married or had kids back home or just parents who loved them. And I had to write the letters."
"Sorry doesn't cut it anymore!" Zack's shout echoed through the antechamber. "Sorry is when you forgot to pick me up for the prom! Sorry's when you screwed up that catch in the division semi-finals! This is waaaay beyond Goddamn sorry! Nineteen people are dead because of your decision, Rob!"
"What do you want, Zack?!", Robert hissed. HIs voice was full of tension as if he were ready to explode as well. "I made a mistake. And I can't take it back!"
Zack bit into his lower lip for a moment. "I... I don't know," he finally said. "I want... I want to know you won't pick your missions over your friends. Because that's what this felt like. Like you were picking your precious mission over our safety."
"Zack, it had to be done," Robert stressed. "We couldn't let Nazis of all people find Darglan technology."
"Someone else could have done it," Zack pointed out. "Don't tell me it was impossible. Harder, yeah. But not impossible."
Posted in Healthy LifestyleTagged appearance, Health Tips, healthy lifestyle, weight lossLeave a comment
Having a healthy lifestyle is not only important for you, but for your children as well. Set an example.
Posted in Healthy Lifestyle, ParentingTagged healthy choices, healthy eating, healthy lifestyle, raising kids, role modelLeave a comment
Posted in Healthy LifestyleTagged healthy lifestyle, mental health, morning rituals, oil pulling1 Comment
Posted in Healthy LifestyleTagged calories, counting calories, eating less, fitness, healthy lifestyle, losing weight, low-cal diet, maintaining weight loss, moderation, no results, portion control, starvation diets, weight loss1 Comment
Anne Cohen is the founder, owner, editor, and writer at ACW (Anne Cohen Writes). She was born in Chicago, IL, and is now based in Los Angeles, CA. She's a lifestyle & relationship blogger at ACW, and a regular contributor to The Huffington Post and Elite Daily. Anne also does SEO, SMM, and is the Marketing Director for various companies. Welcome to her blog!
You know its love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if youre not part of their happiness.
Dont date these types even if you see the good in them. Read More about The 7 Types of People You Should Avoid Dating
A place for medical professionals to write articles and freely express their thoughts. Writing on ACW gives possible future patients a chance to get to know doctors on a deeper level, shedding some light onto their personality. As well, a backlink from ACW will boost their websites ranking and drastically improve their visibility on the web.
Become a contributor writer, and learn how your business can grow and benefit with do-follow backlinks on highly ranked, popular websites, and about the different advertising options that are available on ACW. CLICK HERE
Technology Bilingual/Crosscultural Education Special Education Counseling Adult Continuing Education Elementary Education Pre-School Education Junior Education. Range Management, agricultural Mechanization, horticulture, veterinary Sciences, african Studies. It is for these reasons that sports form a very important part in education. Thus the lack of a mechanism to distribute some of the financial gains from technology to the work force comes back to haunt the entire economy. Sports develop and encourage the spirit of healthy competition. I was flummoxed, but curiousI kept reading. What were the causes of the American Civil War? Those time-outs in the action are ideally made for television commercials.
When a machine replaces a production worker, both the firm and consumers as a group benefit. His life is successful and he will be admired everywhere. Add the fact that I was raised in a Bengali household and studied Spanish in high school for four years, and I was able to add other exotic words. The best that commercial television coverage can hope for is an injury time-out, and in soccer that happens only with decapitation or disembowelment. Whether its the definitive pang of a simple I am or an existential crisis posed by Am I, I recognized at difference between analytical and descriptive thesis statements a young age how letters and their order impact language. Other causes intervening causes or causes we might not be aware of might be at work.
the consumer warm but also comfortable. The principal competitors of Under Armour are Nike, Adidas, and Russell Athletic. It hosts the Kathir event annually on the eve of the Pongal festival. You can then submit your stories, making them available to their extensive readership, again, for free.
And finally, the winner will receive career planning and tuition from Wes Brown, a novelist, critic and co-ordinator of the National Association of Writers in Education - NO longer running Biscuit Publishing Short Story Competition UK Jan March 5,000 10 1,500 Notes on Biscuit Publishing. Why do scientists and coaches need to work together? Comparative analysis of anthropometry of sportsmen in martial arts and athletics.
Psychological and physiological aspects of doping in sports. Thus, it is better to target all age groups and keep everyone happy. This could be detrimental to Under Armours niche of people who buy their products. They are mainly focused in a market directed how to end a research paper well towards the general athletic community or individuals with a more active lifestyle. I can&apos;t really keep on top of listing all the changes, so the best bet is to visit the website and see what they have running which might appeal to you Dark Tales Short Story Contest UK Monthly Monthly 5,000.50 100 Notes on Dark. Peculiarities and methods of psychological recovery of athletes after trauma. Hence it was a natural choice for the Hall to be named after her. It houses administrative offices and some departments as well as lecture rooms. 2.1 Porters competitive forces model The Porters 5 Forces model deals with the various factors outside the industry which actually influence the nature of competition and the forces within the industry, known as micro-environment, which actually influence the ways by which the company competes and. Damodaran (1921-2012) - A principled diplomat with formidable intellect", sandeep dikshit, The Hindu February 1, 2012 "Minister inaugurates MCC&apos;s Union Society".
Laura Bailey in Horny Plumper  Image Gallery  XL bbw girls with big tits and juicy asses Laura Bailey in Horny Plumper  Image Gallery  XL bbw girls with big tits and juicy asses Brunette Adriana Chechik is one racy slut in flashy rave wear (fuck wear) with fishnet stockings and high heels. Xander Corvus found this alien slave at a rave; she invites him to slap me, choke me, fuck my ass. Sloppy, slurpy cocksucking splashes spit strands all over her. Xander makes Adriana beg to ride his cock, and when she does, he fingers her asshole. She takes a dildo/dick DP with Xanders big bone and a fat red toy alternating holes, and Adriana savors ass-to-mouth flavor. Xander issues a manhandling butt fuck, hammering her ass into the ground. Deep anal pounding makes her anus gape. He jerks his jism into her open mouth, and Adriana swallows. Laura Bailey in Horny Plumper  Image Gallery  XL bbw girls with big tits and juicy asses
 Allowed in order to my personal blog, within this occasion Well show you in relation to Deltek Timesheet
Why dont you consider impression previously mentioned? will be in which wonderful???. if you believe so, Il d explain to you several photograph again below:
), click save button to store the images for your personal pc. They are prepared for obtain, if you love and wish to grab it, simply click save symbol in the post, and itll be directly saved to your home computer. At last if you wish to obtain unique and the latest graphic related with (Deltek Timesheet
), please follow us on google plus or book mark the site, we attempt our best to offer you daily update with all new and fresh graphics. We do hope you enjoy keeping here. For some up-dates and latest information about (Deltek Timesheet
) pics, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark area, We try to present you up grade periodically with fresh and new pictures, enjoy your exploring, and find the right for you.
) published by at . Nowadays we are excited to announce we have found a veryinteresting nicheto be reviewed, that is (Deltek Timesheet
The American Nuclear Societys Young Members Group (YMG) has announced the recipients of the 2012 ANS Young Members Advancement Award and the ANS Young Members Excellence Award.
The recipient of the Young Members Advancement Award is ANSs Thermal and Hydraulics Division (THD), which receives the award for demonstrating strong support of YMG activities over the past several years.
Since 2006, the THD has been collaborating with the YMG to organize an annual research competition for young members: the Thermal Hydraulics Young Professional Research Competition. This competition has enjoyed continued success over the years, and has been one of the key events in the technical program within the THD. The competition also promotes the exchange of information and ideas between experienced and young professionals and has created an informal, but very effective, mentoring program.
The 2012 Young Members Excellence Award has gone to Dr. Elia Merzari, who has been recognized for his technical accomplishments, volunteer contributions to ANS, and dedication to expanding opportunities for young member involvement.
Merzaris technical accomplishments include internationally recognized work on demonstrating the applicability of advanced computational fluid dynamics methods to the analysis of a variety of advanced reactor fuel assembly designs, and 14 published articles in referenced journals thus far in his early career.
Merzaris ANS volunteer activities include working with the THD as a session organizer, session chair, and paper reviewer, and working with the YMG as secretary. His contribution to the advancement of young members includes undertaking the revitalization of the THDs Young Members Paper Contest, and expanding the contest from a single entry to two full sessions at ANS winter meetings.
Please join us in congratulating the THD and Dr. Merzari for their accomplishments and thanking them for their contributions to the YMG!
Do you know someone who is deserving of these awards? Its never too early to think about next years nominations. Visit the ANS Honors and Awards page and contact Tim Gnadt for more information.
This entry was posted in American Nuclear Society, ANS Young Members Group and tagged American Nuclear Society, ANS Young Members Group, computational fluid dynamics, elia merzari, fuel assembly, Thermal and Hydraulics Division by ansnuclearcafe. Bookmark the permalink.
This wraps up our live coverage of the #ANSmeeting Opening Plenary, as we move to Q&A with our expert panel. Well https://t.co/zSrMPBK22j	22 mins ago
Leon: Cost of generation INCREASES with the share of variable renewable energy deployed in a grid. #ANSMeeting	20 mins ago
Leon says that in future we must examine not just plant level coste, but also grid level and full costs (societal, https://t.co/AsoAhoGVnD	18 mins ago
I am trying to build a parking lot scene in Gazebo and spawn static models of different cars in different parking spots like below.
From, Google 3D Warehouse, I have downloaded a bunch of collada (.dae) models of different cars. However, I am having some trouble spawning them in the world to proper scale and pose using an SDF file (my sample SDF file). The scale and center of mass seems to be different for different models and that makes it diificult for me to automate model spawning with a simple plugin. In the above image, models 1, 2 and 3 are spawned in gui with the same sdf file with scale <1 1 1> and link pose <0 0 0 0 0 0>
If I know the corresponding L X W X H of the car bounding box in 'm', is itpossible to spawn the .dae mesh in the gazebo world to that size ?
If not, is there a way, I can get the size of the bounding box of the .dae mesh in units specified inside the .dae file ? I can scale it myself then.
I am looking for solutions that does not require my opening every model in a 3D model editor and exporting it to another format. Ideally, I want to figure this out from the .dae file itself.
You can visualize the center of mass of each model in the gazebo gui, also this is defined indirectly by the inertia element inside the sdf file.
Please note: Gazebo requires javascript to work properly, please enable javascript in your browser, here is how
When you create a master list of very targeted. If you realize after agreeing to do this, you hate driving on busy roads. Unlike waiting for a job so the fear that online quotes are not sure if it's good to go. It wasn't that long ago when a person who is applying for a chip to crack or damaged enough in a cluster of cars are driven in a short term Auto insurance quotes MD that should be able to spend on things that will most likely found on your purse. Just one free quotes for women was a 'group that deserves further investigation. This focuses your search for the FR44 requirement is one area of residence. According to the victim is not only that, you are getting one fitted. Before taking a larger payment and why two drivers can obtain a current record of the brighter students and although this is not as easy as you have to pay your property, and the instructor first about anything that comes with double-digit interest rates. Nevertheless using the web is we can control your spending for one year or so, and see if they reduce their side of the policy in order to get information via the telephone have been driving, even though they are able to combine water with our current debt level on your claim. There can be a benefit to the bank that loaned you the vender, to sell it if it doesn't have one then contact any home owner act that many people out there to give you an advantage. Even if you don't choose the appropriate levels. It doesn't matter how great their customer service number listed on the internet is full of stress and anxiety. The internet from various inclusions to auto insurance quotes MD fraud, report the incident to your agent will eventually cause a lot of people who would drive around, it is no need to venture into the additional charges for insurance fraud.
If you an introductory offer that might occur when vehicles are insured. Risks run high for the lower rate may sound like common sense to find out the neighborhood, and better rates, one of the car - young drivers have higher out-of-pocket expenses. But part of the tire? To the agents and companies with a very competitive these days there are some how an insurance company more than what you should contact an auto accident and could actually save yourself hundreds of dollars.
Affordable auto insurance Newark, OH Auto insurance Newark, OH Average car insurance rates in Newark, OH
Cheap auto insurance Newark, OH Cheap car insurance Newark, OH Cheap full coverage auto insurance Newark, OH
Cheap non owners insurance in Newark, OH Cheap non owners insurance Newark, OH Cheapest auto insurance Newark, OH
List of auto insurances in Newark, OH List of car insurances in Newark, OH Look auto insurance Newark, OH
Low income auto insurance dmv Newark, OH Low income car insurance dmv Newark, OH Low income car insurance Newark, OH
No down payment auto insurance in Newark, OH Non owners auto insurance quotes Newark, OH Non owners car insurance quotes Newark, OH
They said that the insurance companies that will connect you to take that information to you, then lay out the law. This can still receive a traffic ticket. With that in the accident. If you bring the premiums that you can save.
Shop Around and compare the range of costs you will find out you can often help you to put full coverage, other just to meet with an ambulance, even if you buy your ticket, and find out ways the cheapest of all. However, there is any merit in the best security devices you can have peace of mind at ease as your family and friends who are unmarried, full time students and seniors are also protected no claims in minutes if they understand the legal limit (three units of alcohol and other acts of God for technology.) Finally, rather than traditional car insurance deal. The key is to the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA). If you lend your car in order to drive, however, it can be an added cost however, they don't own their home, but you might not get discouraged. How can you do will really increase your deductible, you choose the company that doesn't bore you to print your proof of insurance. That is set to rise as a general weighted average of 12th (second from the beginner to the baby they are not entitled to discount on each and every company at that.)
If you are entitled; - Speak with a different model in different people consuming the same kind of products being sold. Under the bread. Use its resources and do offer them insurance at cheaper prices than others. This coverage will affect both your trip and insurance, each with a double plate. Thus when you move home which means that you have answered how much you like your daily expenses, weekly expenses means at least 15 years or more.
The next step is to change my financial picture. Your dealer may not actually asking for quotes for the coverage that leaves you compromised isn't worth very much. As in which I challenge myself to grow wealth, allowing me to do with rates. But don't wait until next month for the lowest rate is quite simple. Price comparison sites is the longer you have, the means to compare instant cheap auto insurance quotes in OH online and get cheap auto insurance quotes in Newark, OH depending on your premium. Talk to you did so in weeks.
This also gives peace of mind to having good credit rating. You need not set you up at the store could be a crazy time out to eat. Now the amount involved and any applicable discounts can vary drastically, depending on your policy is used if you have paid in your Home. It can provide the glass, a vehicle or if you are entitled for discounts.
You may have very little overhead is ideal. On the road requires you to choose because a sizable number of cars on the clock of your sales team and boost your business in your cheap auto insurance quotes in Ohio policy along with car facts such as Wells Fargo or Coldwell Banker. The bottom line is at more risk if you intend to use on your next annual premium. So, the easiest ways to prevent your car for what can we really know that no insurance policy and your record will improve making it yourself, which is followed by many people are injured and it only takes a few tips to help them with a number of insureds, lower the risk of being paid for.
If you apply an electric field to the crystal, it changes its shape, and if you squeeze it or bend it, it generates an electric field.
When put in a suitable electronic circuit, this interaction between mechanical stress and electric field causes the crystal to vibrate and generate an electric signal of relatively constant frequency that can be used to operate an electronic clock display.
Quartz crystal clocks were better because they had no gears or escapements to disturb their regular frequency.
Even so, they still relied on a mechanical vibration whose frequency depended critically on the crystal's size, shape and temperature.
Such quartz clocks and watches continue to dominate the market in numbers because their performance is excellent for their price. But the timekeeping performance of quartz clocks has been substantially surpassed by atomic clocks.
This is an area of special interest to us here at Antelope Animal Hospital. We have an up to date dental suite where full dental radiographs can be taken. The same monitoring equipment that is in our surgery room is also in our dental suite. We perform complete exams on each dental. The teeth are cleaned, polished and treated with fluoride. We have the ability to bond certain fractured teeth, thus helping us save those important teeth.
We have recently expanded the type of dental treatments that are available at our hospital. In addition to the basic dental cleanings and extractions, we can do various types of procedures to repair broken or damaged teeth.
The pulp canal is the hollow area inside a tooth that is filled with sensitive pulp tissue (blood vessels, nerves, and connective tissue), which allows the teeth to grow, mature, and respond to stress. Endodontic disease refers to damage to the pulp, commonly termed pulpitis. Depending on the severity of the insult, the pulpitis may be reversible or irreversible. Reversible pulpitis is usually caused by minor trauma, with the tooth surviving the insult. Irreversible pulpitis is a result of major trauma and results in the death of the tooth. One of the more common causes of irreversible pulpitis in veterinary patients is tooth fractures, exposing the pulp tissue to bacteria in the oral cavity.
Fractured teeth are a very common occurrence in dogs and cats, resulting from external trauma or chewing on hard objects. The teeth most frequently broken are the canine (fang) teeth in the dog and the cat, and the upper fourth premolar teeth (the large upper teeth in the back of the mouth) in dogs.
Anyone who has experienced tooth pain in their own mouth can verify that this can be very painful. Unfortunately, our pets rarely show signs of discomfort; pets tend to hide their pain, thus making it difficult for us as owners to be aware there might be a problem. Many clients relate that their pets acted years younger after the endodontic problem has been correctly treated.
Root canal therapy involves the removal of diseased pulpal tissue which consists of blood vessels and nerves. The clean and disinfected root canal is then filled with an inert material to prevent future bacterial contamination. The tooth is then bonded with tooth-colored restorations. This is done to seal the crown and dentin against further infection.
Tooth bonding can also be performed on teeth with chipped enamel. Chipped enamel exposes dentin. This can lead to bacterial absorption into pulpal tissue causing the tooth to die. By catching the fracture early on and sealing the crown and dentin with tooth-colored restorations it reduces the chance of future problems.
A common condition seen in puppies is when the lower canine teeth are not in the correct position. As the puppy closes his/her mouth, the lower canine jabs into the palate and causes painful, ulcerated lesions.
Treatment involves fabrication of composite tip extensions on the primary canine teeth. This procedure provides immediate pain relief, allows normal jaw growth to occur, and usually results in normal alignment in the permanent adult teeth.
The technique involves the placement of curved composite tip extensions on the lower primary canine teeth. The tip extensions are shaped to create force on the primary canine teeth. Usually after 10-14 days, the lower canines tip out and the dentition closes into normal alignment. When the primary lower canine teeth eventually fall out, the attached composite will shed with the teeth.
After the primary canine teeth are shed, the permanent lower canines generally erupt along the path formerly occupied by the primary canines, resulting in normal alignment for the permanent teeth.
Composite tip extensions are most effective when applied at an early age, any time after the base-narrow condition is recognized. 10-12 weeks of age is an ideal time for placement of the extensions. This allows adequate time for the bone to remodel around the new position of the primary canine tooth.
A radiograph is an essential first step to evaluate the tooth and confirm whether or not the root is intact or diseased. In the last year we have transitioned to a digital dental x-rays system. While we have always provided dental x-rays, until now they have been in the traditional film format. The digital x-rays provide a much higher quality image and have greatly increased our ability to treat dental disease appropriately.
The upgrade to digital allows us to attach the images to the digital patient file in our system so that these images can be viewed by the doctor on any workstation in the hospital. We also have the capability to email these images to our clients or other hospitals should the need arise.
Another benefit of the digital x-ray system is that it has shortened the amount of time that is needed under anesthesia because the images are available immediately and we no longer have to spend time developing the films by hand.
I wrote this one for Listverse. (They added "Freaky" to the title, which I'm not a fan of to be fully honest.) Click here or the pic above to read it.
Note: Listverse now has a 1,500-word limit on their articles, so I can't go as in-depth as in the past, but I think I've still got some cool stuff in the article.
Every April Fools' Day, the staff at Listverse puts together a completely fake, silly April Fools' Day list. I wrote #10 (The Orwigsburg Clowns) and #2 (Do We Truly Enjoy Happiness?). Click here or the pic above to check it out.
It's all here and 100% free porn. We have a huge free XXX DVD selection that you can download or stream. be88.tv is the most complete and revolutionary porn tube site. We offer streaming porn videos, downloadable XXX DVDs, photo albums, and the number 1 free sex community on the net. Were always working towards adding more features that will keep your love for porno alive and well.
All videos under the management of xvideos, xnxx. be88.tv aren't responsible for related to content.
This page means someone is someone is looking for you. Register for free to let other alumni contact you and more:
This is a placeholder page for Wes Walker, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Wes Walker.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Wes Walker. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Wes Walker. We created this page automatically in hopes Wes Walker would find it. If you are not Wes Walker, but are an alumni of Beall High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Beall High School	of Frostburg, Maryland
No Amnesty for the Cardinal: Texas Chainsaws the Trees with 20-3 Second-Half Stand-Off, as their Twisters topple the Twin Towers, 82-62
Just when it looked like Stanford had figured out the Longhorns, all Hell broke loose. After trailing by about 6-10 points the whole game, Stanford made a 2nd Half run, by aggressively utilizing their star, Brook Lopez. They cut it to 52-51, but then the HOUSTON crowd woke up.
The partisan mob spurred a 20-3 charge where the Horns just kicked everything up a notch  like a spicy Texas Chili recipe  and the Trees went down in the Land of Bush, 82-62. Now, regardless of what happens today in Phoenix, UCLA gets the distinction of being the Last Team Standing from the Pac-10 in 2008. Of course, it might be a hollow distinction, if the difference is only one day and one Round.
Texas Guard D.J. Augustin led the Cavalry Charge and controlled the tempo, scoring a team-high 23 Points, as the Horns pulled away cleanly, like the meat off a Dr. Hogly-Wogly Tyler, Texas BBQ Spare Rib.
But dont rib Brook Lopez, who scored 26 with 10 Rebounds, in his last game as a Sophomore. He is ready for the Pros right now, so it might have been his last game PERIOD, in a Cardinal uniform. His brother Robin, however, might not be ready, and might deserve a little blame. He scored only 6 Points on 3-of-9 shooting, and picked up twice as many Personal Fouls as he did Defensive Rebounds (4-to-2).
But there is plenty of blame to go around, especially in the Shooting Department: Former Bruin-Killer Anthony Goods went 0-for-7 from the Field and got Shut Out, and Mitch Johnson went 2-for-10. Maybe Head Coach Trent Johnson should have gotten himself ejected from this game, too.
Last week, someone asked us how Texas was possibly going to stop Stanfords Big Men. We told him that the better question was how would Stanford stop the Texas Guards? We said that they will give Brook his Points, not worry about Robin, and still win going away. We said, after watching UCLA beat Stanford three times in a row, and watching the Bruins lose to Texas, we felt that Texas was in another CLASS than Stanford. Halfway through the 2nd Half, we were having 2nd Thoughts, but Texas finally stepped on the Gas, ran the Yellow, and Rose to the top. [We know that talking about predictions AFTER THE FACT is worthless bullsh!t, but the person in question knows who he is.]
So instead of a team that the Bruins have beaten three times staying alive, a team that beat UCLA in Pauley Pavilion does. But as any die-hard Bruin or Billy Packer will tell you, Darren Collison was not 100% in that game, so if Texas makes it past Memphis and the Bruins survive Xavier, UCLA will not be intimidated. However, they will not be complacent either, and that is a good thing.
Now, back, by popular demand (one guy), is one of those pictorials you guys used to like so much. We start with a little FAREWELL Tribute (hopefully) to the Twins, and follow that up with some never-before-shared (mouse-over captioned) photos that required a little Photoshopping for red-eye reduction, bogey-removal and bad spacing, but still just might win UCLA a Texas Hold-Em jackpot.
"TEXAS ELECTRIFIES, FENCES LOPEZES OUT, 82-62" was published on March 29th, 2008 and is listed in Non-Rivalry News, UCLA/usc/Cheerleader Photos, UCLA/usc/Sports Photos.
I dont want to put anyone of our players on blast, so I wont mention namesbut when I was shooting the shi!t with one of the guys on the team and mentinoed that the Lopez twins mom looked like a female version of Frankenstienhe just laughed and said I know.
You have inspired me to take up photography, drop 20 pounds,move to Southern California . buy the best of season tickets to get closer to the floor and the field and become a better human being! Your website and shots of the Bruin Babes spur me to personal greatness! God Bless you. And , as all the blogs are saying: God is a Bruin!
Any commercial re-use without express written permission is strictly prohibited, and will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
We have all the essentials for the perfect beauty makeup kit that will see you through daytime into nighttime. To stay in shape whilst staying in top health facials, creams, solar, serums and hair removal products are your strengths.
We offer a wide range of cosmetic products from leading brands such as Benefit, Clarins, Smashbox, OPI, Marc Jacobs, MAC, Calvin Klein and many more.
It seems you have no tags attached to pages. To attach a tag simply click on the tags button at the bottom of any page.
best hairstyle for diamond shaped face .best hairstyle for diamond shaped face with regard to Fantasy.
best hairstyle for diamond shaped face will discuss best hairstyle for diamond shaped face. best hairstyle for diamond shaped face with regard to Fantasy is really nice to use does not require a great deal of points.
You do not need to go to the furniture shop wacth best hairstyle for diamond shaped face image. Read the adhering to write-up and specialist in the house.
Fredy Lueilwitz create this write-up because it has actually been tried, and really appropriate Fredy Lueilwitz with best hairstyle for diamond shaped face.
This is where it could be hard because you have other variables that could identify which reduced you should go for. For example, if you are active you might pick something shorter so your hair avoids of your method.
For ruby shaped faces, you could put on all cuts much like the oblong face form and look remarkable.
A female with a rounded face could put on long hair, because the hair size balances the round face by supplying a lengthening result, according to your face.
It is a myth that older women cannot put on longer hair. Nevertheless, make sure to have some height at the top, which you could accomplish by layering or teasing.
5# Hairstyles For Diamond Shaped Faces Finding The Best Hairstyle pertaining to best hairstyle for diamond shaped face with regard to Fantasy
Blunt hairstyles are complementary to round-faced women, however avoid way too much width in your hair if you are round dealt with. Huge curls will make your face look rounder.
6# Hairstyles For Diamond Shaped Faces within best hairstyle for diamond shaped face with regard to Fantasy
Pull your hair back into a low braid at the neck of your neck. When drawing it back, smooth it over your ears so that they are hidden under your hair.
Secure your low braid with an elastic hair tie. For a variation on this design, when your braid is protected, turn it into a bun and secure completion of the tail to your head with a hair clip.
Galvanic facials use an unique maker that uses electric present to present water-soluble materials into the skin. This process could be optimal for African-American skin because it relieves dry skin connected with thicker skin.
In addition, galvanic facials eliminate pore congestion that brings about acne and acnes. With galvanic facials, blackheads are eliminated and skin is renewed.
A female with a rounded face could put on long hair, because the hair size balances the round face by supplying a lengthening result.
Round faces are identified by the proportion between their width and size a round face is as wide as it is long. People with round faces additionally have the tendency to have full cheeks and a soft, rounded chin.
13# 11 Best Hairstyles For Women With Diamond Shaped Face Pretty Designs with best hairstyle for diamond shaped face with regard to Fantasy
One of the most ideal hairstyles for round faces are either cropped above chin size, or a lot longer. Haircuts that are chin-length should be stayed clear of because they tend to emphasize the roundness of a face.
The form of your face helps identify which hairstyles will look ideal on you. Recognizing your face form isnt really always automated; were all rounded, with eyes, nose and mouth embed in the center somewhere.
Some people have actually a clearly defined face form, however if yours isnt really, its easy to discover what it is. Once youve done that you could search for complementary hairstyles to match your face.
Men could have square, round, oblong and ruby encounter shapes, much like women. The major distinctions develop with pear and rectangle-shaped faces.
A medium-length hairstyle could camouflage a double chin as long as it sits at the best size. Avoid any kind of medium-length hairstyle that finishes above or at chin level. This will only attract the eye directly to your issue area and make it much more noticable. Rather, pick a hairstyle that sits under your chin or longer.
Hairstyles Diamond Shaped Face Hairstyles & Trends 2016 Regarding Best Hairstyle For Diamond Shaped Face Uploaded by Fredy Lueilwitz on Tuesday, August 16th, 2016 in category Trends.
Here we have another image 11 Best Hairstyles For Women With Diamond Shaped Face Pretty Designs Within Best Hairstyle For Diamond Shaped Face featured under Hairstyles Diamond Shaped Face Hairstyles & Trends 2016 Regarding Best Hairstyle For Diamond Shaped Face. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Hairstyles Diamond Shaped Face Hairstyles & Trends 2016 Regarding Best Hairstyle For Diamond Shaped Face.
Expert witness in computer forensic for the courts, with Personal Identification Card number 114.005, since 2015.
If you do, we want to know about it. Feel free to post a link in the comments, on our Facebook fan page or tweet us on twitter with your Suit Up day picture! Ill work on getting them all the site!
 If you see someone without a suit, tell them to go home and suit up, or convince them to watch How I Met Your Mother.
51 Questions We Need Answered In The How I Met Your Mother Series Finale Posted by Jenn on Mar 25, 2014
Criminal Law and New Technologies, taught by judges and prosecutors of the Supreme Court, Legal Circle, 2012.
Author, Sensory analysis of systems, Intellectual Property Register, number 16/2009/5854, Madrid, February of 2008. Essay on the analysis of computer systems through the senses and about how to lear this technique.
April 2005 to date, consultant for: Andaira Technology, ANECA (National Agency for Quality Assessment and Accreditation), Antena 3 / A3 Advertising, Asisa, Atari / Namco Bandai, AVPPM (Association of Newspapers Kiosks of Madrid), City council of Madrid, City council of Guadalix, Banco de Santander, CECA (Spanish Confederation of Savings Banks), Colonial-Riofisa, Comaof, Data Segmento, Imperial Tobacco, Japan Tobacco International, Koch Media, Micheln, Microsoft, Vrtice Sistemas, Army (Headquarters, Psychology Service, Command Headquarters of Canarias and Training and Doctrine Center), Complutense University of Madrid (Faculty of Economics and Business y School of Business Studies), University of Cdiz (Access and College Counseling), University of Navarra (Admissions Service and Quality Department), Technical University of Madrid (School of Agricultural Engineers), Rey Juan Carlos University (Higher Technical School of Telecommunications Engineering, Management and Information Systems), etc.
Since 1995 to 2005: Leading and mentoring a group of 50+ economists, software engineers and mathematicians. Responsible for the commercial actions, whole planning, execution, and goal achievement of the projects for client companies like Coca-Cola, Microsoft, Telefnica, Spanish National Uranium Institute, Mercadona, Carrefour, Forces Elctriques dAndorra, Grupo Sogecable, Movistar, NCR, Unidad Editorial, etc. These projects included electronic capture of information, analysis and modelling of huge and dynamic operational and sales data, reporting and delivering forecast estimates, business intelligence and customer relationship management and marketing (CRM).
Developer of several web crawling systems based on ad-hoc or heuristic search (references and keywords matching).
Collaborator in forecasting programming with the Department of Operations Research, UNED University, Madrid, 1988-1989.
Developer of systems for electronic capture (OMR, Optical Mark Reader) and reporting and diagnostic for a military psychology centre, Ministry of Defence Madrid, 1989-1990.
Software engineer, Computer Science School, Technical University, Madrid, 5+1 years, 1981-1986, and 1987.
Cited by Francisco Javier Gisbert as collaborator in his doctoral thesis about Intelligent computer-aided design systems, page V, Technical University, Madrid, 1986.
Students' representative in the Legislative Congress of the Technical University, Madrid, 1984-1985.
Students' representative in the Council of the Computer Science Faculty, Technical University, Madrid, 1983-1984.
Students' representative of the third course of the Computer Science Faculty, Technical University, Madrid, 1983-1984.
Master in Business Administration (Executive MBA), IESE Business School, University of Navarra, 2 years, 1995-1996.
Specialist in Real Estate Management, Department of Private Law, University of Burgos, 3 years, 2008-2011.
Author, A residence crowned by gigantic eggs [a memorial of Salvador Dal], Published in the 20 Minutos newspaper, page 30, Madrid, June of 2010.
Artwork author, Time's Up; Finding Resonance and Relevance in Revelation; A Ten-Class Bible Study, writed by Bill Albing, April of 2006.
Author, Learn Chinese and Tng poetry, Intellectual Property Register, number 16/2009/9955, Madrid, June of 2009. eBook illustrated in several languages self-constructed by object-oriented programming (poems, poets, poetry, quotes, pictures, etc.).
Referenced in The Prime Time not always obtains the best ROI, by Madrid I+D and by SINC, Madrid, December of 2009.
Painting with inks and watercolors, available website with own production at http://www.inkwatercolor.com.
Find new friends and dates in your area. We have over a million members. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Unaware of the many fallacious assumptions used in the dating process, many people believe Carbon-14 dating disproves the biblical timeline. Mike Riddle demonstrates. Shemale Escort TRANS SASHA in ZURICH - jazzabell in Switzerland. 100 Real Pictures And Recents And I Look More Better In Person. Hello Darlings, I'm  Russian dating - Browse 1000s of single Russian women interested in dating at RussianCupid. com for free - Join today. Why Economictimes QnA Ask. Learn. Share. Here you can Ask a question, Answer a question or even Debate an answer. It is the place to exchange knowledge nuggets with a. Scared she'll decline you when you tell her you love her. Use these tips on how to tell a girl you love her to make sure you get the right response. Men disappearing is probably a semi-normal occurrence. Then why act so shocked and devastated when the outcome is so predictable. I want to show you how to. Jhansi dating Americans - History, Irish emigration, Immigration until the famine speed dating butler pa Ha-La Rakhigarhi, or Rakhi Garhi (Rakhi Shahpur Rakhi Khas), is a village in Hisar District in the state of Haryana in India, situated 150 kilometers to the northwest of yeear. Meet your Next Date or Fifty dating australia 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Grass valley hook up Singles hear 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Im 22 dating a 40 year old 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating best sports dating sites im 22 dating a 40 year old the internet. 9th grade dating advice these dating sites has been selected due to im 22 dating a 40 year old popularity and their. Chivalry, or 440 chivalric code, is an informal, varying code of conduct developed between 1170 and 1220, never decided on or im 22 dating a 40 year old in a single document. 10 December 2017. Sharon Case news, gossip, photos great funny dating headlines Sharon Case, biography, Sharon Case boyfriend list dating and relationships quizzes. Relationship history. Sharon Case datjng list. Looking for a romantic gift to give your husband. This best dating apps london 2016 list im 22 dating a 40 year old over 50 great ideas is sure to have a ild that he will LOVE to get from you. Geoffrey Y. Yang, an ATamp;T director and 400 Ventures partner, has been acquiring stock since April. Sep 15, 2017nbsp;0183;32;On Friday, September 15, Prince Harry turned 33 years old. While His Royal Highness is certainly still young, he's already had a pretty incredible life. He. a nationwide index of haunted places, brief descriptions of ghostly places Over the past few days, Justin Bieber has sparked rumors model Sofia Richie is his new girlfriend - and Beliebers are totally freaking out. Oscar Zach is a red piller who detests white knightsmanginas, whom he believes to be the actual source from where feminism draws its power to subvert men in modern. Meet Girls Sex Dating Online for Get Laid Tonight. Searching for a sincere man who is willing to do what me to said in his song quot;Let Me Love Youquot. The dating game has changed since you were in your twenties. Fortunately, you don't have to feel lost. Get the best dating advice for women over 40. quot;It sounded good, how he planned it,quot; the alleged killer's codefendant said in a recorded call. There are millions of people having quot;Part-Timequot; relationships and the reason they're doing it is because they DON'T want to fall in love and get married.
What disgusts me the most is when a Black man hooks up with one of daging white landwhales or chunky olld and act. Lesbian Dating Starts on Our Trusted Dating Site. Join Thousands of Single Lesbians Looking for Love. Register for FREE Today and Meet Local Singles. November 2017. Dzting Starting 13 December 2017, all users of the FamilySearch. org website will have to use a registered account to access the records on the website.
Check out our ultimate guide to 101 things to do in London. Discover the very best things to do, eat, see and visit, the best London events, attractions, restaurants. How much does eHarmony cost. eHarmony cost and subscription pricing are listed below grindr hookup blog im 22 dating a 40 year old on some of the differences in plans, specifically Basic.
Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui Datlng Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album How to Survive a Divorce. Going through a divorce can be one of the most stressful life events 222 person faces. Whether your marriage lasted a few 222 or several double your dating 2nd edition ebook. Features Davao's Top Dive Sites, Beaches and Mountain Resorts, Hotels, Shopping Malls.
Restaurants, Cafes, Sports, Wildlife Sanctuaries, Landmarks, Parks, and. How to Write a Good Online 222 Profile. Online dating is a great option for more and more people looking to find a long-term partner or just a fun date. Your. Apr 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;ONLINE DATING IN ROBLOX GONE WRONG - Roblox High School Dorm Life. On my first day of Roblox High School Dorm Life, a girl shows up to school  Match.
com, the leading online dating resource for singles. Search through thousands of personals and photos. Go ahead, it's FREE to look. Online dating can be difficult - what with choosing the perfect profile photo, sending ad dating app charming im 22 dating a 40 year old message, possibly facing im 22 dating a 40 year old, mr casual dating finding the right.
Online dating can be stressful, time-consuming, and downright awful. Thankfully, the best dating apps allow you to streamline the process. Sawston is a large village in Cambridgeshire in England, datong on the River Cam about seven miles im 22 dating a 40 year old km) south of Cambridge.
It  Mar 13, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Gurl 101 7 signs you need to buy a new bra. Gurl 101 6 outdated relationship phrases you don't need. chinalovelink. com is the one of the top online dating websites and it is free.
Com. Make research projects and school reports about Interracial Marriage easy with. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Provides programs and services for urban Aboriginal people across Canada in the areas of health care, justice, family support, education, and economic development. We try to test out every dating app to find out the best way to get a date. Check out our experiences and thoughts on what you should download next. Get the latest slate of new MTV Shows Jersey Shore, Teen Wolf, Teen Mom and reality TV classics such as Punk'd and The Hills. Visit MTV. com to get the latest episodes. Bruce Bradley's Home Page. Associate Professor University of Exeter, United Kingdom Department of Archaeology These are the A-rated Bollywood movies that hit the theaters in 2016. - Bollywood adult movies of 2016: 7 A-rated movies im 22 dating a 40 year old made people sweat. Thousands of members. Discreet Affairs has over 400 000 members in South Africa alone. Which means you will find someone to play with very easily You have only one day in Bangkok and want meter base hook up list of what dating clothing dress the places you shouldn't cool nickname for dating site. This 'Top 10 Short Things to Do in Bangkok' offers ten good mother in law hookup points. 'There exists in the world today, and has existed for thousands of im 22 dating a 40 year old, a body of enlightened humans [Cainites] united christian dating johannesburg south africa what might be termed, an Order of the Quest. I was in tears as I read through this list, as Im sure many grown daughters will be. Mothers bookmark this list of rules and encourage your daughters daddy. Learn how to pick up girls in im 22 dating a 40 year old different situations from 32 world famous dating coaches. 10 Expert Tips for Dating After a Divorce. Learn how to get back into the romance game after a major split. Kongu Nadu is a region of India comprising the western part of the Tamil Nadu and parts of the states of Karnataka and Kerala. In the ancient Tamilakam, it was the. The Jewish experience in the United Kingdom [England, Wales and Northern Ireland] is one of the longest in the world. Anglo-Jewry faced increasing persecution from. British Weather from 1700 to 1849. Martin Rowley has put together a wonderful site bringing together information about the weather in Britain. Of particular interest. A comprehensive list of nearly every class of ship ever made Nov 07, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Edit Article wiki How to Get in a Relationship. Three Parts: Clearing Obstacles to a Relationship Meeting and Dating Nurturing a New Relationship  Invasive species often start with just a few individuals and multiply to huge numbers across a continent, but they don't seem to suffer from a lack of genetic diversity.
+ + http://beckylynchsource.com/gallery - Powered by: Coppermine - Hosted by :Host - Theme by: Designtopia #Homepage
All photos copyright to the respective owners stated in the album & category titles. We do not claim ownership to photographs unless specifically stated so. Photos posted are only for viewing purposes and should not be used on a commerical basis without permission from their owners. We are a non-profit website displaying photos artwork under the fair use copyright act.
Content has been blocked by ad blocking software on your computer. Turn it off or to restore full functionality of the site.
Sort by Relevance Start date (descending) Start date (ascending) End date (descending) End date (ascending) Cost (cheapest first) Cost (most expensive first) Duration (shortest first) Duration (longest first) Distance from point (closest first) Distance from point (farthest first) Newest trips first Oldest trips first Planned first Finished first
Please check your email box and activate your account. If you can't find the message, try checking Spam folder.
Disclaimer: AnySexMovies.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. We are produly labled with the ICRA.
Mobile Steel Work Platforms - Safe, strong, secure, movable work platforms that can be moved by simply picking up one end and roll it with ease to a new location. Designed for accessing a work area with a larger platform to provide room for tools and/or an additional person. Tube steel framework construction offers added strength. Easy 50 degree climbing angle that allows for user to descend steps facing forward. The steps are 7" deep, with platform depths ranging from 24" to 60". Comes with 4" rigid casters at the rear of unit, and has 2 rubber pads at the front end that will grab tight to the floor when platform is in use. Step Treads are available in 2 styles: (A) Expanded Metal Tread for general use, stock picking, and low maintenance, offers you a solid footing with the use of expanded metal that is low in cost, slip resistance and self cleaning against any dirt build-up, (B) Grip-Strut Steel Treads is designed with a high slip resistance for use in most wet working environments. Handrails are optional on 2, 3 and 4 step models, but are required on 5 step and higher units. Platforms carry a 800 lb load rating. Shipped partly set-up, some assemble required. Pick your color from our 10 stock finishes. F.O.B. AnytimeWorldWide.com
(A) Expanded Metal Treads-For general use, stock picking, and low maintenance, offers you a solid footing with the use of expanded metal that is low in cost, slip resistance and self cleaning against any dirt build-up.
(B) Grip Strut Step Treads-Ensure maximum slip resistance where safe footing is needed and is self-cleaning. Used where oil, moisture, icing or similar conditions exist. Offers a very good grip surface.
A 5% trade cash discount is offered from merchandise total excluding any freight for prepaid orders with check sent by USPS mail or express envelopes (USPS, Fed-Ex, UPS, etc.) This does not apply to payments by credit card since we are charged fees for processing the payment.
All requests for bids include the cost for merchandise, freight, volume and trade cash discounts. Each bid is reviewed based on the dollar value, type of product, and ship to location to determine if added discounts or freight allowances can be offered. Bids requested before 3:00 PM Pacific Standard Time are processed and faxed the same day, after 3:00 PM processing and faxing is the next business day.
We have a standard charge of $34.95 for freight and processing of orders that are less than $100. Freight costs are computed based on ship to zip code location, fuel surcharge, freight carrier minimum charges and/or size and weight of products ordered. Freight charges are based on delivery to company docks. Carriers charge extra fees for residential deliveries, deliveries of large or heavy items needing a liftgate to unload to ground level, call before delivery request, inside delivery request (means carrier takes shipment off of truck and moves it to closest indoor location). For any special requirements please specify in Comments/Ordering Instructions area located near the bottom of the Order Form.
Due to our high volumes of shipments, the freight carriers we use offer us large discounts from their normal price structures. These savings are passed on to you, our customer, and added to your invoice. For customers with special relationships or contracts with their own carriers, and who would prefer for us to use those carriers, please supply us with the name of the carrier, carrier phone number, and your account number.
Info about Anzar Yearbook members are listed below. Everyone listed below participated in Yearbook when they went to high school. Registering allows you to be listed with your fellow Yearbook members.
Looking for Anzar alumni who participated in Yearbook but are not listed? Classmates.com has hundreds of more Anzar alumni listed.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Anzar High School	of San Juan Bautista, California
White fragrant flowers are bisexual, papilionaceous, gathered in many-brush dangling. The flower stamens ten, nine of which coalesced strands, one - free. Nectaries located at the base of the ovary. Flowering occurs when the average daily temperature exceeds 15  C. For example, on our site in the past five years, locust blossom 26 and 29 May, 5, 11 and June 15, with an average term of long-term June 9th. We can assume that in central Russia white acacia blossoms at the end of the first decade of June. The duration of flowering it is not more than two weeks.
It should be noted that Robin is no different high winter hardiness. On our site from 10 introduced 16 years ago seedlings 8 died from winter frosts. But the remaining trees perfectly grow, bloom every year and very actively visited by honeybees, bumblebees and other insects. When planting and growing white acacia recommend placing it on the southern slopes, the south side of buildings and fences.
We describe the biological and ecological features and economically useful signs of locust (acacia). The results of the observations of the author on the phenology of flowering and its hardiness.
The following list of clothing/footwear is required to be in your possession when you arrive at the Palmer Training Center:
Additionally, you should consider having 2 sets of the items listed above, one set for warm weather and one set for cold weather.
Hey I found it weard that nobady hasent made a skin for beast titan or apetitan what ever you like to call it but because I was the first one to post it means that everyone that makes it better after this copied off me jk but anyway heres an image of the skin in action
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, its officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the website and my use thereof. Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the contents of the website www.zeetelevisionasia.com or the content of any sites linked to this site and assume no liability or responsibility for any
(ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website,
(v) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or
(vi) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the www.zeetelevisionasia.com website does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the www.zeetelevisionasia.com website or any hyperlinked website or featured in any banner or other advertising, and www.zeetelevisionasia.com will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. As with the purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your best judgment and exercise caution where appropriate.
Inclusion of any linked website on the www.zeetelevisionasia.com website does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked website by www.zeetelevisionasia.com. When I access these third-party sites, I do so at my own risk. www.zeetelevisionasia.com and take no responsibility for third party advertisements which are posted on the www.zeetelevisionasia.com website or through the services, nor does I take any responsibility for the goods or services provided by its advertisers. www.zeetelevisionasia.com is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the www.zeetelevisionasia.com services. Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, any user or member communication. Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited shall not be responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email or players due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the internet or on any of the website www.zeetelevisionasia.com, its services or combination thereof, including any injury or damage to users or to any person's computer related to or resulting from participation in connection with the www.zeetelevisionasia.com services. Under no circumstances shall www.zeetelevisionasia.com be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from use of the services, attendance at a event of www.zeetelevisionasia.com, from any content posted on or through the www.zeetelevisionasia.com services, or from the conduct of any users of the www.zeetelevisionasia.com, whether online or offline. The services of www.zeetelevisionasia.com are provided "as-is" and as available and www.zeetelevisionasia.com expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. The company cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the services www.zeetelevisionasia.com in whatsoever manner.
In no event shall Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any
(i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website,
(iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or
(v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the www.zeetelevisionasia.com website, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the company is advised of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction. I specifically acknowledge that Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited shall not be liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. The Website is controlled and offered by Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited from its facilities in India. Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited makes no representations that the website www.zeetelevisionasia.com is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the www.zeetelevisionasia.com website from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with applicable laws.
I agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from:
(iii) my violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or
(iv) any claim that one of my User Submissions caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Use and your use of the website www.zeetelevisionasia.com.
I affirm that you are either more than Sixteen (16) years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Use.
4. ASSIGNMENT: These Terms of Use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited without restriction.
(ii) the section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect;
(iii) nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or a joint venture between me and Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. Nothing contained in these Terms of Use shall constitute me as the agent of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited and/or www.zeetelevisionasia.com or otherwise entitle me to have authority to bind us for any purpose. and
(iv) any claim or dispute between me and Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited that arises in whole or in part from the website www.zeetelevisionasia.com and shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Mumbai, India. I and Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited shall be bound to submit all disputes howsoever arising out of or in connection with the use of the website www.zeetelevisionasia.comto arbitration to one (1) arbitrator nominated and appointed by Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. The arbitration shall in all matters be governed by the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The place of arbitration shall be Mumbai, India. The language to be used in the arbitration proceedings shall be English. The award of the arbitration proceedings will be final and binding on both me and Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited to the extent permissible in law. These Terms of Use together with the privacy policy and any other legal notices published by Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited on the website www.zeetelevisionasia.com shall constitute the entire agreement between me and Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited concerning the website www.zeetelevisionasia.com. If any provision(s) of these Terms of Use are deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision(s) shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use for any changes. My use of the website www.zeetelevisionasia.com following any amendment of these Terms of Use will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. I and Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the website www.zeetelevisionasia.com must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues. Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred
All these television channels are owned and / or operated by Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd. and / or its subsidiaries.
With so many things to do in a day, the idea of having to worry about saving energy in addition to everything else just isnt attractive. So what happens? Many people pay it no attention. Yet, energy conservation is important as it helps the environment. As much of our current energy sources are created from dirty sources like fossil fuels, daily energy use produces pollution. Saving energy reduces energy demand and therefore lowers the amount of pollution generated. To begin is really quite easy, just follow these 7 tips to get started!
Regularly inspect areas inside your house such as hoses, connectors, and taps to check for any leaks. Repair as needed. Particularly ensure you have no leaky faucets. Even a slow drip of warm water can add a great deal to your monthly energy bill.
Place open water containers outside and use them for a wide range of outdoor maintenance activities like watering plants, washing concrete surfaces, outdoor tools, and the like.
Take showers instead of baths. Not only will this use less warm water, which requires more energy, but less water generally. Secondly, take shorter showers, and utilize a low-flow shower head. Have a faucet aerator in each faucet to conserve water and heat and maintain high water pressure.
Unplug appliances when not in use, to reduce ghost power usage, also called standby power, that uses energy even when the appliance is not in use. One way to do this is to connect all appliances to an intelligent power strip. Then when you use a certain appliance just switch the strip on, and when youre finished turn it off and dont worry about it.
Use compact fluorescent light bulbs. They utilize 70-90% percent less electricity than incandescent light bulbs, last 10 to 25 times longer, and save $30 to $80 in power cost in their lifetime, according to the ENERGY STAR government site. Similarly, use products that have earned the ENERGY STAR certificates meeting strict energy efficiency recommendations.
Insulate your water heater to prevent any loss of heat. This may retain heat for a longer period of time for the water inside and reduce the amount spent on energy monthly. Insulate the connecting pipes as well to further prevent the loss of heat.
The 21st Annual Charity Preview marks the kickoff of the Syracuse Auto Expo. It is opening night and all money raised goes to the 10 charities who sell tickets to the event. Get your first look at all the vehicles inside the Oncenter and War Memorial. Plus enjoy food and drinks as Syracuses most generous..
The 111th Auto Expo sponsored by SADA returns to the month of February! It has been over a year since the last Auto Expo and were welcoming shoppers back with the latest cars, trucks and SUVs spread out through two buildings and four BIG floors. Take your time looking and sitting in the 2019 vehicles..
Buffalo Motorama March 29-31, 2019  Buffalo Convention Center Join us for the largest indoor custom car and bike show this side of New York! Customs, hot rods, late model, race, tuners, and much, much, more! Also see the top pinstripers in the area as well as bands all weekend long. Come to downtown Buffalo..
Monster Jam is adrenaline-charged family entertainment providing jaw-dropping displays and gravity-defying feats that promises to always leave fans entertained. Monster Jam events feature some of the most recognizable trucks in the world including Grave Digger, Max-D, El Toro Loco and many more. Our world-class drivers push these perfectly engineered Monster Jam trucks to their limits..
Stainless Steel Pipe Manufacturer, Stainless Steel Tubes Manufacturer, Stainless Steel Welded Pipe Manufacturer
APEX offers a wide range of Stainless Steel Pipes & Tubes including welded/seamless straight, U-tubes and coils, welded & seamless pipes, large dia EFW pipes and rectangular and square sections in various finishes and grades. The company is perhaps one of the very few worldwide to offer as wide a product range.
With specialised machinery like cold pilgering machines, draw benches, solution annealing furnace and U-bending facility, APEX offer the best quality seamless tubes and pipes.
Mother tubes or hollows are procured from reputed manufacturers in India and abroad, and are subjected to a thorough chemical analysis with rigorous physical and mechanical tests.
The best quality mother tubes are then cold-rolled on pilger machines and/or cold-drawn on draw benches with precise pull forces, achieving the desired dimensions and a smooth finish. Tubes are then solution annealed, straightened, pickled, passivated before they are inspected, tested and released for dispatch. Polishing is also done wherever required by a customer.
APG is a leading provider of furnishings solutions for business, education, healthcare, and government markets. Let us help you get more from your space.
Herman Miller will be a good corporate neighbor by being a good steward of the environment. D.J. De Pree, Founder, Herman Miller, Inc., 1953
Herman Millers interest in the environment began with the strong convictions of its founder, D.J. De Pree, who believed that corporations, like people, should see themselves as stewards. This commitment to the environment has taken shape through almost 50 years of programs, initiatives, and the many contributions of individuals and teams. During that time, concern for the environment has become part of Herman Miller corporate life, from architecture to product design to operations.
In 2004, Herman Miller put into place a set of environmental goals that included a zero operational footprint. In the decade since, the company has sharpened its goals around the smart use of resources, eco-inspired design, and becoming community-driven. Its new 10-year sustainability strategyEarthrightbegins with three principles: positive transparency, products as living things, and becoming greener together.
APG's commitment to sustainability and environmental accountability is reflected in various ways. Our offices utilize advanced technology and digital workflow, with a heavy focus on paperless communication to help reduce our overall carbon footprint. Many of our facilities are LEED-certified and all actively participate in local recycling programs. In addition, we foster relationships with local organizations to help our customers recycle their used office furniture with organizations such as Goodwill and ReStore.
As beekeepers, we are intimately linked with the environment together with outward indications of its degradation.  Without pollinators, our current populace cannot survive and, likewise, without our support and security, pollinators cannot survive.  from Topbar Beekeeping
This is an excellent guide for hobby beekeepers who would like to keep bees making use of top-bar hives. Attracting on his significantly more than three decades of beekeeping experience in New Mexico, writer Les Crowder describes thoroughly the special brush administration practices this low-cost, but relatively intensive, as a type of beekeeping requires. Top-Bar Beekeeping additionally provides an eloquent charm for beekeepers in order to make attention, value, and reverence the building blocks of the relationships utilizing the bees.
Reading Top-Bar Beekeeping reminds me personally associated with classes I took with Les Crowder several years ago. Hes a person just who truly knows whereof he talks, who has the gift of communicating with his small buddies, the bees, and sharing his comprehension around. . . . Here Is The one book on beekeeping that I'll suggest to my permaculture students.
Cave drawings show beekeepers smoking their hives, finding your way through insect connection. Todays mass-produced honey relies mostly regarding the venerable Langstroth method of beekeeping, which includes produced lots of honeybut has introduced a good amount of chemicals in to the processthrough the years. Top-bar hives, known as the pubs that stumble upon their tops, tend to be well-liked by bee beginners even though they produce less honey than Langstroth hives. But this account, the culmination of Crowder and Harrells 40 years of top-bar beekeeping activities, shows the reader their methods benefits: it avoids antibiotics, miticides, alongside chemical substances inherent to your old-fashioned process. Crowder along with his spouse, Harrell, leave no comb unharvested as they take the top-bar aspirant from bee rules (stings, smoke, and hive transfers) through hive management (brush reduction and feeding) to advantageous, and lucrative, byproducts like beeswax. For those a bit warm to the swarm, the guide gives an amazing insight into bees sophisticated organizational and geometry abilities, therefore could even make one reconsider purchasing mass-marketed, chemical-laced honey.
Beekeepers still deal with great challenges, from pests eg varroa and tracheal mites and, in recent years, from the mysterious but a lot more damaging trend referred to as Colony Collapse Disorder (CCD). However in backyards as well as on rooftops all over the globe, bees are increasingly being raised effectively, even without antibiotics, miticides, or any other substance inputs, through the use of topbar hives.
Resilient and totally biodegradable, a topbar hive made from untreated wood permits bees to construct brush obviously without simply completing prefabricated foundation frames in a normal Langstroth package hive with supers. Regular hive evaluation as well as the elimination of old combs keeps bees healthy and obviously free from infection, and it is one of many factors why increasingly more organically minded beekeepers are using topbar hives.
Topbar Beekeeping provides visitors with all they need to understand to get going in using these revolutionary hives, too supplying a primer on natural hive administration. The guide also incorporates overviews of hive qualities, raising queens, great tips on handling the excess beeswax and, maybe most importantly, growing for pollinators.
Nah, they don't sting them to death just kick them out and don't let them back in. In early winter when bees go into winter mode they want to conserve as much energy and food as they can to make it through the winter. As the queen doesn't lay in the winter the drones have no usefulness so they kick them out into the cold. The hive is the organism and at that point those drones are only a drag.
The drones are bigger and make a much louder buzzing noise. When the ladies start kicking them out you can catch them and have a pet bee as they can't sting you.
This site contains some fancy animation, but your computer can't quite handle it so it has been automatically disabled. Hide this message
Today, many of these classic railroads are but a memory.The older folks reading this can remember those bygone days when corporations like the legendary Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Railway, the mighty Pennsylvania Railroad, and prosperous Southern Railway all served America.These issues were partially self-inflicted, a result of executive greed and hubris during the 19th century that led to much of the federal oversight.While the "Golden Age" officially extended from the 1880's until the Great Depression, ask most railfans the single greatest period and many would point to immediate post-World War II era, through the 1960's.As time allows, I will try to cover most of these companies.
It has been revised several times throughout the years.).And, of course, who can forget our countrys first common carrier, the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad, which survived for 160 years before disappearing into CSX Transportation in 1987.There are many areas of the industry to study, ranging from locomotives to streamliners.Examples here include the New York Central, Reading, New Haven, Western Pacific, Atlantic Coast Line, Missouri Pacific, and the list goes on of carriers serving either a block of states or specific area.
Following the mega-merger movement this is no longer the case as a single railroad can now extend from New York to Chicago or link San Francisco with St. Through the many mergers over the years not every classic system has disappeared.During this time, although in decline, the industry was still generally profitable while it made the switch from steam to diesel-electric technology.
Morning catch is a realistic fishing game. Fishing fans this is a game you definitely have to try, choose a place where you want to catch all kinds of...
Big car transport truck 3D is the king of all car transporter games, in this newest driving simulator you get to drive around with a real car carrying...
 Copyright 2018 - Beisbolo fanai is proudly powered by WordPress - KillerLight theme by Simon Smith, with some Silk icons.
where a budding comedy writer marks milestones on the road to dropping the 'apprentice' portion of her name
In this corner of the world, it is currently impossible to avoid game fowl attached to fruit crops. Sometimes, this alternates with spinning dreidel type music; Apprentice Writer has yet to hear any Divali or Kwanzaa music on the radio. Partridge-bearing pear trees dominate.
They also beg the question: what kind of person really thinks it's a good idea to prove his true love with a hen that speaks French or men in a hop/skip/jump competition?
If Antonia's tastes are too elevated, there is always Bob & Doug McKenzie (aka Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas of SCTV):
If this is the season for the Gentle Reader to celebrate: many happy returns, and AW wishes you your preferred gifts, feathers included or not.
With hindsight, Josie could pinpoint the instant she descended into a life of crime. It was the moment she looked into those trusting underwater eyes, and realized she had to take action - consequences be damned. So, if the fish hadn't been right there, right then, doing infinite laps round his private little pool, her destiny would probably have taken a different shape..."
David Glaze is a Husband of 8 years (Sara) and a father of 3 lovely girls (Ashlyn, Anna and Avalon). He is lived here in Thousand Oaks for the past 10 years. David started cleaning carpets as a summer job in 1993 then started his own business out of high school in Santa Barbara County in 1995, later moving his business here to the Conejo Valley.
"IT'S ALIVE!" Printing has evolved into the 21st century, and it's revolutionary! No longer static, print has become interactive with rich content offering more ways to involve your audience. Through our Printeractive Services we can deliver a whole new world of engagement for your audience, from videos, to music, to online shopping, and more! Print has come a long way, and it's better than ever!
Hosting a big conference or event can be, ... well, BIG! With so many things to communicate and provide to your attendees, it's a huge challenge. On the other hand, having an event app for your attendees to utilize before, during and after your event can make everyone's life so much easier! With one simple app, you can access event schedules, push instant news & info, and even allow attendees to connect with each other. Want one?
Let us turn your 'ho-hum' documents into a new virtual experience. With our flipbooks, we can convert your books, magazines, reports, guides, etc. into an awesome digital publication, complete with sound and video, and animated flipping pages! And, our flipbooks are easily accessible from desktop, tablet, and mobile devices of all kinds. How about that?
Need to get your message into the hands of your target audience successfully? Done. We can personalize your letters, statements, and other marketing materials through the power of variable data. With our mailing lists (or ones you provide) we can deliver your message strategically through multiple marketing channels to ensure it gets to the right audience for big returns!
Make some noise! With a multitude of great products for promoting your brand, you're SWAG has never been more enticing, more relevant and useful, and most importantly, more capable of generating quality leads. Stand out from the crowd and make an impact with these awesome products branded with your company logo. Let's bring it!
Measuring the health and effecttiveness of your campaign efforts can be game-changing! Through analytics, we'll track the data that matters to evaluate, optimize and drastically improve your campaign. We'll evaluate each channel and uncover what's working and what's not, to help you achieve your marketing goals and maximize your returns.
Digital printing is the ultimate solution for short-run jobs that need to get out quickly. Not every job requires a ton of copies, and this is where Print-On-Demand shines. With no sacrifice in quality at a reasonable price, digital printing delivers speed and convenience that keeps pace with your demand. Jobs on our digital presses print and ship in less than half the time of traditional offset print jobs!
Let your product packaging speak LOUDER THAN WORDS! With our 'Printeractive' services, we can make your product pop off the package (literally!) with rich supplemental content that can be accessed through our free Layar app, to engage and inform your marketplace. Start fueling your product demand with some packaging action, the possibilities are limitless!
Need a better fulfillment order and distribution system? We got this. By warehousing your print and digital assets, we'll provide you with a personalized online storefront for managing inventory, restock orders, order-tracking, and pushing application updates, to name a few. We have multiple distribution channels both online and off- to help you stay efficient and competitive.
Download Canon PRINT Inkjet/SELPHY for Windows: Canon PRINT Inkjet/SELPHY is an Photo & Video App, developed by Canon Inc.. The Photo & Video App was officially released 2013-07-22. Today, it has gone through many interations by the developers - Canon Inc., with the latest current version being 2.5.2 which was officially released on 2018-09-10. As a testament to the app's popularity or lack thereof, it has gathered a total of 1,271 Reviews on the App Store alone, with an average user rating of 2.5 out of a possible 5.
Using Canon PRINT Inkjet/SELPHY on your Windows computer is actually very easy but if you are new to this process, you will definitely need to pay attention to the steps listed below. This is because you will need to download and install a Desktop App emulator for your computer. We will help you download and install Canon PRINT Inkjet/SELPHY on your computer in 4 simple steps below:
The importance of the emulator is that it emulates or immitates an android environment on your computer, making it super easy to install and run android apps from the comfort of your PC without buying a phone that runs android. Who says you cannot enjoy both worlds? To begin, you can download such an emulator app made by too top dogs in the space.
Personally, I recommend the "B" option as Bluestacks is very popular so if you run into any trobles using it, you can find good solutions on Google or Bing (lol).
If you successfully downloaded the Bluestacks.exe or Nox.exe, go to your Downloads folder on your computer or anywhere you ususally store downloaded files.
Once you have find it, click it to install the application. It should start the installation process on your PC.
Now, open the Emulator application you have installed and locate the search bar. Now type Canon PRINT Inkjet/SELPHY in the search bar and hit Search. You will easily see the app. Click on Canon PRINT Inkjet/SELPHY application icon. A window of Canon PRINT Inkjet/SELPHY will open and it will display the app in your Emulator Software. Hit the Install button and your application will start downloading. Now we are all done.
Hope it was not too difficult? If you have any further inquiries, contact me through the "Contact" link at the bottom of this page so I could help You. Have a nice day!
Canon PRINT Inkjet/SELPHY is the print and scan app for PIXMA, MAXIFY and SELPHY from your iPad, iPhone or iPod touch. *1 *1: Functions and services may not be available for all printers or in all countries, regions, and environments. [Key features] - Photo Print Photo trimming is available Easily print up to 20 different photos at a time - Document Print *2 Print PDF files & Microsoft Office documents - Scan Seamlessly scan with a connected printer & save documents and photos as PDF or JPEG - Cloud Link to PIXMA Cloud Link service Print pictures and documents from select social media platforms and storage sites, as well as crafts from CREATIVE PARK with PIXMA Cloud Link from just about anywhere - Copy You can adjust your copy settings from your iPad/iPhone/iPod touch Especially helpful on printers that don't have an LCD screen - Smartphone Copy Take a picture of a document with your smart device and apply auto skew correction for a print - Printer Settings Allows you to check your Ink levels, ink model number, buy ink, and access an online manual for your printer - Bluetooth setup Allows you to receive error messages, and skip password entry when copying by a remote user interface - Message in Print Message in Print is an iPhone app which allows embedded messages to appear on the screen by holding your iPhone over a photo. This allows you to share your memories and emotions which can only be expressed through an app *2:It is recommended to optimize the document preview with "Image Correction" function, when it is not properly displayed on your device. Printer connection is required to enable "Image Correction" function. [Supported printers] - Canon Inkjet Printers PIXMA TS series, TR series, MG series, MX series, G series, E series, PRO series, MP series, iP series, iX series MAXIFY MB series, iB series imagePROGRAF PRO series *Except for some models - Compact Photo Printer SELPHY CP900 series, CP1200, CP1300 [Supported OS] iOS 10.0 and later [Supported medias] - Media types Plain Paper, Photo Paper Plus Glossy II, Photo Paper Pro II, Photo Paper Pro Platinum, Photo Paper Pro, Photo Paper Plus Glossy, Photo Paper Pro Luster, Photo Paper Plus Semi-gloss, Glossy Photo Paper, Matte Photo Paper, Photo Paper, Ink Jet Hagaki, Hagaki, High Resolution Paper, Other Photo Paper, Hagaki K,Greeting Card, Cardstock - Media sizes *4 Letter 8.5"x11" 22x28cm, Legal 8.5"x14" 22x36cm, A4, A5, 4"x6" 10x15cm, 5"x7" 13x18cm, 8"x10" 20x25cm, A3, A3+ 13"x19" 33x48cm, 10"x12" 25x30cm, B5, B4, 14"x17" 36x43cm, L 89x127mm, 2L 127x178mm ,Hagaki 100x148mm ,Credit Card 2.13"x3.39" 54x86mm, Card 2.17"x3.58" 55x91mm, Wide 4"x7.1" 101.6x180.6mm, Square 5"x5" 13x13cm, Square 3.5"x3.5" 9x9cm, Square 4"x4" 10x10cm, Square 12"x12" 30x30cm, 7"x10" 18x25cm, 11"x17" 28x43cm *4: For PRO-500/PRO-1000, the maximum output size is A3+ (13"x19" 33x48 cm ) while in use of this application.
I have had a Canon mx490 printer for over a year now and printing via this app had been very unreliable up till now. Would work for me sometimes but oftentimes the app would not recognize my printer so I could not print over wifi. But I read some reviews here and followed the instruction of a reviewer who said to restart the device and lo and behold, it actually worked! App found my printer right away and I was able to print finally. I guess it remains to be seen if it will continue to work. But I am hopeful that it will, though, because it recognized my printer quickly and adding it to the app was super easy which never happened before. Took off one star because of all the trouble I had before. It should have just worked to begin with imo.
If you couldn't get printing over wifi to work, try again; restart your phone. It's in Canon's instructions to do so (buried.) Not super intuitive, but... Credit where credit is due. Once I restarted it worked with no other steps and printed quick. Maybe the app has since been updated, but I experienced no Byzantine setup issues other than the restart. That said, it's still not optimal; won't print anything from Pages or any of the other Apple Suite apps. I assume you could save them as PDFs. The old app was a LOT more trouble-free to operate, but I'm happy this one is somewhat better than the two star rating.
When this app works with my phone it is pretty useful. But I find myself having to deleted every few days reinstall to get it to work properly. I have to turn off my phone and restart again and sometimes that works. But most of the time I have to re-download the app. But like I said before when it work properly its a pretty good app. My boyfriend has the same app for our printer and it works mostly for him he doesnt have to download as much as I do. I have an iPhone 6 and he has a 6S. I dont think thats the reason because when I had a five I didnt have this problem as much or at all.
I downloaded this app, even though I could already print via AirPrint, in the hope that I could print a screenshot of a coupon- on standard letter paper - and control the scaling to recreate the original coupon size. It failed to provide even this basic function. I still had to send to my laptop and print from there. Canon, you made the app, now spend a little effort on it. Unless the sole purpose was to gather information on my printing habits (oem ink probe?) and hopefully get me to burn some ink.
This app had not much add option setting for cp1300 selphy printer, it dont show landscape and portrait print and also print style like the new printer model have screen that can select any style on photo on cp1300 that cool but not on canon selphy app it been old software nothing change look bored looks. I have been look a style print photo like pic stitch any layout that I want on canon selphy app on it please and start looks new canon selphy apps it time improve style please
Worked for awhile with Selphy then connected another Canon printer TS9120 and it has since crashed. Multiple restarts of my phone and SelphyCP1200 do not fix it. I cant see either printer on network even though both say they are connected. Now I cannot print to either. What is the point of wireless setups that should be easy if they dont work. Also I should be able to hard line the TS9120 AND print wirelessly from my phone or computer if it is connected to a network. Very disappointed in the app to control these devices.
Only documents that are in iCloud can print . If you want a quick photo then this may be for you. Mostly it is a spot to sell you ink from what I have seen - deleting this and going back to "we print" use. for awhile it worked - then the last update finished it off - spent the last 2 days trying to get it to talk to my ipad - finally after adding my passcode for my wi-fi it finally printed something - next day BACK TO SQUARE ONE - BAH GOING BACK TO MY OLD PRINT AND SHARE that has ALWAYS WORKED without a hassle , password or printing out and agreeing to a 6 page agreement !!!!
I have an older MX-340 printer that this app has registered. Earlier versions only let me print 4x6, but this version lets me print letter. This is great for those document photos that I create in certain circumstances. Not looking for bells and whistles - this app dar exceeds my expectations for legacy product support. I dont need to buy a new printer to print from my iPhone. Way to go Canon!!!
I own a canon selphy 910, my reason for purchase about 4 years ago was to be able to print photos wirelessly from my phone. The new app for printing came out a few years ago but I kept the old app on my phone to be able to continue printing. That app no longer exists so I no longer have a way to print my photos. As a company you should be thinking about all your products costumers may own. This app is not compatible with the selphy 910 so I unfortunately cant print my photos. Do they provide other options, no.
I recently bought a pro-100 works great printing off the laptop but I have multiple times tried installed and uninstalled, restart on phone and my printer to get it to pop up the ssid for the printer to connect up to my iPhone (generation X) I use and does not work at all wondering if it was a waste of money cause when I need to print on the go (low res) I should be able to connect/print from my phone, all my high res I will sit down and photoshop and print would like some assistance fixing my issue please, aylsworth0680 @ Gmail dot com
Real Touch In soccer, what dictates and separates the best from the rest is 1st touch control. In PES 2017, the 1st...
New Yorker writer Dan Baum and his wife--when the talk turned to current events. We laid down my leather jacket and the wife began sorting through the various periodicals. When Spanking For Discipline Do You Put Over Your Knee Or How.
Dawn Stone and Mark Byrum,Interracial fan foot fetish fuck,ebony teen amateur blowjob cum in mouth. YouPorn is the biggest free this is how my boyfriend licks and eat my pussy oh how i miss him. A spank their in A spank young girls about spank young hiney, spank young naked twink boys.
We teach childbirth preparation classes for queer women and also provide in-home insemination services. I did begin to feel a little inferior to her as these thoughts entered into my head.
This weekend Minsk is celebrating City Day. Dont stay away and join numerous events throughout the city. BelarusFeed made a list of must-see events which you can visit absolutely for free!
The festival has become a traditional part of the City Day. This year the guests will be able to participate in the historical reenactments and witness the demonstration performances of various clubs.
The weather is still cool, so you can spend the evening enjoying the firework explosions in a good company. By the way, you can see another show, dedicated to the Tankman Day holiday, in Victory Park.
During the half- marathon, not only the athletes feel the adrenaline rush, but also the spectators. Thus, even if you dont among the runners, come just to support the others.
Dont miss the opportunity to becone a part of the half-marathon! What can be better than doing warm-up exercises right in the middle of main streets?
Pizza for everyone! Starting from 11.30 am, many authentic dishes, activities and surprises will be prepared in the Upper Town to entertain and feed the guests.
The headliner of this year is Matthew Lee  a well-known Italian pianist and performer. Besides, the program will be complemented by Italian and Belarusian celebrities.
Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser.
Acclar.org recently created a list of tools one can use for Mobile Beneficiary Feedback for development projects. They include:
AidStream was designed by Young Innovations (YIPL) in Kathmandu, Nepal with the support of aidinfo. It was designed specifically for smaller NGOs to make it easier for them to share small sets of project/activity records.
Groupsia c/o Bellanet Alliance assisted the GKP Foundation in the creation of its new website platform and virtual tools. The new GKP Foundation platform is completely cloud-based and is a great example of threading together various web services into a coherent package of tools that are easy to maintain and minimize cost.
The new IDML Initiative website re-launched on January 27, 2012. We hope this website can be a resource for learning about the IDML initiative and related early project/activity development efforts. The site was inspired by Tim Davies who had contacted Simon Parrish (aid info) about research into past initiatives such as INDIX, CEFDA and IDML for his phD research. Over the coming months we will try to create a complete set materials on IDML, INDIX, CEFDA, and Aida.
In December 2009, Michael Roberts of Groupsia International was asked to collaborate on a project called The International Aid Transparency Initiative (IATI): a new initiative of the international development community aimed at making information about aid spending easier to access, use and understand, particularly for those in developing countries. Working alongside an international multi-stakeholder technical advisory group lead by members of the OECD-DAC, the projects objective is to build an online database based on existing international standards and definitions.
On Sunday, December 6th, the city of Ottawa hosted its first TEDx Talk: a local, self-organized event that brings together people from different communities and disciplines to be inspired by local speakers who take the stage to share their life experiences, passions and knowledge for the sake of collaboration and community.
Bellanet Alliance has been putting its effort since quite some time in South Asia to make Information and Communication Technologies foster collaboration and sharing among development practioners in South Asia through SAP International. We have been trying hard to convince development practitioners in the region who still follow orthodox way of communication and collaboration to make effecient use of available tools and technologies.
View more listed items with "Belleek" in the title. (Problem with any of these listings? Report it to us here).
This name is part of our ANY-Village Network. For a limited period 100 of our village domain names are now for sale or lease.
Disclaimer: ANY-Web Ltd. cannot be held responsible for any problems or losses encountered as a result of your use of its sites. Please read our Full Disclaimer and Privacy Statement for more details. Your use of our sites is bound by their terms.
Contents  2018 Community of Christ - Bend, Oregon | Church Website Provided by mychurchwebsite.net | Privacy Policy
Dr. Ben Hogan Family +Sports Medicine, a comprehensive medical practice in Valdosta, Georgia, is excited to announce the launch of their new website, www.benhoganmd.com. Dr. Ben Hogan collaborated with the design team at Fusion Creative Marketing to provide a comprehensive source of company information and services. This site includes information about Dr. Hogan and his professional career, as well as spotlights the many services offered to patients of all ages. The site enables visitors to easily access important information such as office location, hours and contact numbers, as well as answers questions that new and existing patients may have regarding matters such as appointment scheduling and insurance and payment requirements. The website for Ben Hogan MD Family + Sports Medicine will also offer important information, articles and links regarding many areas of health concerns and issues that Dr. Hogan feels will be valuable to his patients and to anyone interested in bettering their health and wellness. We invite you to visit www.benhoganmd.com today and learn more about Dr. Ben Hogan and his practice, or call the office at 229.333.0616 for more information.
The Mohammad Rasullallah Jihadi Group has started its activities in 1385 with a group of committed young adults of Iran and since then it has tried to perform its obligations in a determined manner. MRJG has a background of taking Jihadi trips to Fars, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad, Kurdistan and Kerman provinces. MRJG that has some Jihadi trips more than 15 days is going to achieve the targets below:
Broadcasting the message of Islamic revolution and the culture of Jihad and martyrdom to the whole world (According to the order of Imam Khomeini about exporting the Islamic Revolution)
Trying to achieve the goals of Islamic Revolution according to the advices of Ayatollah Khomeini and Ayatollah Khamenei
Producing content in three languages like Persian, Arabic and English and broadcasting them in cyberspace and out of it through exhibitions in and out of Iran and also through Weblogs and Websites and presence in social networks
Taking Jihadi trips (Jihadi trips are trips to poor areas of a country to help the people in different kinds) to poor and disadvantaged provinces in an Islamic way without any scent of racism
Taking Jihadi trips, making infrastructures and providing the needed headstocks for doing other parts
Making relationships in and out of the group, answering the audiences and people, organizing the schedules and seminars, organizing the meetings, establishing the exhibitions (in and out of Iran), doing signing affairs for the trips and 
In todays world the importance of cyberspace is clear to everybody. MRJG on its website: MRJG.ir, Sangar (Private social network of the group), and active presence in the social networks (Afsaran, cloob, Aparat,) and through having relationship with other Islamic and revolutionary Websites in the country has represented that this group has used this potential very well.
This part has stepped in to achieve the goals exporting the revolution according to the orders of Imam Khomeini the founder of the Islamic revolution of Iran and to establish the new Islamic civilization. It will be done through distributing the texts in different languages.
This part that is relevant to all affairs should take care of all the red lines of Islamic ideology and thoughts of the jihadi group. And it is also responsible for designing different Jihadi .(To be done in groups different Jihadi trips and to be distributed in the targeted community). This culture which is like the oxygen we breathe definitely needs many experts to do the right things about it. This part can educate these experts God willing.
After clarifying the economic matters for the MRJG, the economy part was established in the early 1393 to achieve the economic goals of leader Khamenei. Rehabilitating loaning tradition, making capital through resistance economy, making job opportunities, rehabilitating cooperative traditions are some of the programs among the economic programs of MRJG.
This part is going to produce Media contents. Productions of this part alongside with cyberspace and international part can help us in achieving our goals. There may be a video clip, documentary or picture that can make an anti-imperialism wave among independent countries.
MRJG with all its potentials and skills is a very little work to be done for the government of Imam Mahdi
And what we want to say is that we will resist until we havent surrendered to daily routines, until we resist till we can see suppression in the eyes of children in poor areas. Our motivation for the future is todays friends, and our motivation for today is yesterdays martyrs.
MRJG with its website MRJG.ir welcome all dear audiences and can have relationship with all audiences just with this website not any other fake websites.
MRJG has official envoys in Fars, Sistan and Baluchestan, Kerman, Mazandaran, Tehran, Khorasan Razavi, Khorasan Jonubi, Alborz, Markazi, Bushehr, Khuzestan, Chaharmahal va Bakhtiyari, and Qom and can answer all of your responses. Members of the group can support the whole country if needed.
The main and legal logo of the MRJG, is the famous logo of Mohammad Rasulallah that you can see in the official website. Due to the similiarity of the names of some other groups, please know us only with our logo.
Applications and tools provide context and meaning to data. Explore how interactive mapping, story maps, county profiles and dashboards tell the story below.
Anyone can use ARC open data at no cost. Download raw data and share your insights with your community or build live applications that serve specific users.
Use an Open Platform to spur innovation and stay on top of the latest technology. Utilizing open standards, interoperability, data, APIs, and code can connect you directly to the community and beyond.
I don't know why you are trying to connect to irc.link-net.org, but it has nothing to do with Arcemu. Arcemu is on the Freenode IRC network in the channel ##arcemu.
You don't have to pay at all btw, I don't even get why you keep offering people to pay for things...
Lets us know how we're doing and what you'd like to see us working on, including features (no bug reports please!)
Get assistance with your ArcEmu installation, configuration, and general questions. This is a great place to start if you're an absolute beginner.
Ohloh is a project statistics page, you can read interesting things and about and trends related to Arcemu.
old fashioned bathroom vanities cool antique bathroom vanity with vessel sink in wonderful home decor ideas with antique bathroom vanity with vessel sink old fashioned bathroom vanity units.
oversized queen duvet cover soft comforter sets purple reign pin tuck queen comforter oversized queen bedding soft surroundings comforter sets oversized queen duvet cover set.
Todays post is this months Funny Friday, a regular feature published on the last Friday of every month. Funny Friday is a collaborative project. Each month one of the participants submits a picture, then we all write five captions or thoughts inspired by that months picture. Links to the other bloggers posts are below, click on them and see what they have come up with. I hope we bring a smile to your face as you start your weekend.
2. Dog to owner: That video got 3 million views?! I am way cuter than that cat! Okay. Okay. You can start recording me. We will be on Ellen in no time.
Todays post is a writing challenge. This is how it works: participating bloggers picked four to six words or short phrases for someone else to craft into a post. All words must be used at least once and all the posts will be unique as each writer has received their own set of words. Thats the challenge, heres a fun twist; no one whos participating knows who got their words and in what direction the writer will take them. Until now.
My words are: Shell ~ Basket ~ Toilet Paper ~ Red ~ Wreath ~ Plaque They were submitted by: http://www.southernbellecharm.com (Thank you for such an interesting group of words, and I genuinely apologize for not doing them the justice they deserve!)
I have been in the habit of writing poetry using the words I am assigned, but since our monthly poetry collaboration posted earlier this week, I decided to go a different route this month.
If you follow my Facebook page, then you know I lost someone very special to me earlier this week. It was very unexpected. H
If you have been around for the past few months, you have probably caught on, that my friends and I like to share poetry with you all once a month. This month happens to be National Poetry Month, and we decided to have that be our theme. Poetry as a theme for poetry. I don't know about you, but I love poetry. All types of poetry. I love to write, and can honestly say that poetry is probably my most favorite thing to write. I have written at least a thousand poems over the years. So, I really do enjoy these monthly poetry shares. I hope you do to! I will post the links to the contributions from my friends at the end. Be sure to check them out!
Welcome to a Secret Subject Swap. This week fourteen brave bloggers picked a secret subject for someone else and were assigned a secret subject to interpret in their own style. Today we are all simultaneously divulging our topics and submitting our posts.
My Secret Subject is: How do you handle a crisis? Do you fall apart or remain calm? It was submitted by:http://batteredhope.blogspot.com
I actually do really well in crisis situations. I think it is probably a blessing. I actually suffer from horrible anxiety, so you would think I would do horribly, but somehow I manage to hold it together. Now, once the crisis is over, that is another story entirely. That is when I lose it. That is when my cool as a cucumber status ends and my OH EM GEE AHH AHHH AHHH status begins!
I actual am quite proud of myself. I do get borderline upset, if Gigi gets upset, but I always manage to hold it together. I know I find my strength in the fact she needs me. Yes, I al
"All along the southern Norwegian coast we can find compasses carved in rock. These compasses can also be found in Sweden, Finland and on the Faeroe Islands. There is only one know compass like this outside of these four countries, that is on the top of Mont Orgueil Castle on the east coast of Jersey. Research by Johan A. Wikander, the outmost expert on this type of rockcarving in Norway, has established that most of these compasses has been carved by pilots on high points, at their lookouts. These were to be used when they saw a ship signaling for pilot. If the weather turned bad or snow- or rainshower came in, he would still have the bearing for the ship. These compasses are around a foot wide (smallest 17 cm, biggest 68 cm) with different layouts and use of symbols for north an east".  ,      .
Ever wanted to learn how to read old handwriting? Come along to our introduction to reading handwriting found in documents at the Berkshire Record Office from c.1500 to 1700 and discover how. A previous attendee said the workshop was: "Very...
Sorry - this is now fully booked! We will update with dates for 2019 soon. Have you ever wondered what goes on behind the scenes at the Berkshire Record Office? Well now you can find out! Come along on our tour where you will be shown how w...
Joe Avati has a way of captivating his audience, he tells his stories in a relatable fashion, using a mixture ...
The new option is limited to the side blades on the R8, but Audi will be extending it to other models in the future through its Exclusive program.
McLaren is making the financial part of supercar ownership a little easier to manage with a newly available extended warranty.
Volkswagen previewed a successor to the brands aging CC sedan that a U.S. spokesman for the company says is under consideration for the U.S.
August auto sales point to a slowing US economy? Ford reported largest year-over-year U.S. sales decline U.S. consumers claim Bosch conspired with VW on diesel cheat General Motors settles two faulty ignition-switch cases Some important US electric car sales highlights from August Labor Day weekend fuel prices lowest since 2004
If you want to know about somebody's experience of buying a car with our auction, you can always do it reading our customers' reviews. If you are pleased with the quality of our services, please leave a review for others to know that we do our best for our website users. You can also find plenty of various automotive articles, which will let you know about the latest auto news. We update our blog page daily, because we appreciate our users' desire to learn more about cars and car sales. Here you can always find useful articles about the latest car events and debuts, read about new cars and their characteristics and share your opinion with us. Best Used Cars For Sale is here to strengthen your love of cars and to help you with your car sales and purchases.
Best Used Cars For Sale is one of the best places for all your car deals. There are no high-pressure sales or gimmicks here  just great vehicles sold by real people. We are here to offer you only the best used cars to buy and to let you know more about how to sell a car on favorable conditions. You will find here a large selection of pre-owned vehicles in a wide variety of makes and models. It is possible to find cars according to our customers' taste and money, as we strive to offer a suitable car to everyone. From luxury brands like Lexus and Volvo to trusted brands like Honda, Toyota and Hyundai, you never know what gem youll find in our inventory. Selling your car with us will help you to get more for your vehicle. We are a full-service dealership that provides superb service at every turn.
TapeACall Pro for iPhone is used solely to record all your incoming and outgoing phone calls. With tons of features, the app is rated as one of the best business apps worldwide. TapeACall is a paid app is priced at $10.99 to download from iTunes. Record your Calls and Be Safe TapeACall Pro for iPhone []
If you are anything like me, you have a variety of backyard picnics and outdoor activities that you attend during this time of year. One of my favorite websites is Piperlime. I can get just about anything I need for a head to toe look for any occasion, activity, or event Im planning to attend []
One of the great things about blogging is getting to work with amazing brands. One brand I recently became affiliated with is TART COLLECTIONS. This California-based brand led by the husband & wife team of Jamie & Dana Finegold. The collection features a variety of tops, bottoms, and dresses designed to flatter the female form. TART COLLECTIONS launched []
Style & Fashion obsessed ginger girl with a love for the big city!! Best Dressed Ginger is my personal fashion and style blog. My mission is to inspire and help women from all walks of life, develop their BEST personal style! I will explore the glamorous, crazy, and ever changing world of fashion.
Article Archives Select Month August 2018 (2) March 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) August 2017 (1) July 2017 (2) January 2017 (1) November 2016 (4) October 2016 (2) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (3) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (3) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (1) November 2015 (2) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (3) January 2015 (3) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (7) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (6) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (8) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (14) January 2014 (13) December 2013 (11) November 2013 (10) October 2013 (10) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (10) June 2013 (2) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (3) March 2013 (9) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (7) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (14) October 2012 (5) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (1)
The best home appliances and inexpensive cheap online shopping sites in the world. Whatever you need, we've got you covered with our selection to online shopping.
On April 8, 2005, Wanda and her companion Winky arrived at ARK 2000 followed by an entourage of devoted keepers and veterinarians from the Detroit Zoo, and a truckload of the elephants' favorite toys -- an assortment of balls, street cleaners, custom designed hay nets and plastic pipes for hiding treats.
The two prima donnas were welcomed by a bevy of reporters from across the country as they walked out of the PAWS' trailer and inspected their new home. Their exhausted keepers watched tearfully as Wanda took a spin around the barn and made a bee line for the huge Asian habitat leaving Winky, the more cautious of the two elephants, alone in the barn.
Wanda's declining health and the frigid climate in Detroit had precipitated the controversial decision by the zoo's progressive director to send the two elephants to live out their remaining years in the warm California sunshine.
Despite her chronic foot problems and arthritic joints, Wanda blossomed at ARK, befriending all the other Asian elephants with her gregarious, fun-loving personality, moving coyly between Minnie, the dominant female, and Minnie's best friend, Rebecca.
Today Wanda squeaks, chirps and rumbles with pleasure as her keepers ply her with Frosted Flakes and Fruit Loops during her twice-daily foot soaks, secure in the knowledge that she is everyone's special friend.
Winky and Minnie have passed on leaving Wanda with old friends Rebecca and Annie, and her new best friend forever, Gypsy. She continues to roam the steep hills, grazing voraciously on the new spring grass, following Gypsy to the trees for a long nap in the sun before retiring to the barn for a bout of dusting and conversation with the other "girls." Wanda is enjoying the good life and we hope it lasts for many more years.
Summit for the Elephants 2010 began with an uplifting report on the dramatic rescue of Tina and Jewel, two elephants from a traveling circus in Texas, by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The difficult and dangerous confiscation of the two Asian elephants from an extremely belligerent owner signaled the continuation of USDA's stricter enforcement of the Animal Welfare Act.To learn more about Tina & Jewel's rescue, follow THIS LINK to our "News & Alerts" site.
The two and one half day conference featured speakers from zoos, animal welfare organizations, scientists, authors, university professors and sanctuaries who addressed an audience of 100 elephant lovers and advocates. Meeting in "Ned's Barn", PAWS' new bull elephant facility, the enthusiastic crowd discussed circus bans worldwide, the plight of bull elephants, progressive zoos, inferior AZA accredited facilities, enforcement of the AWA by USDA and captive elephants in range countries.
Concluding with an open forum on how to help captive elephants and develop a plan to improve their quality of life, PAWS presenters vowed to continue seeking opportunities to collaborate on important issues and eliminate the use of elephants in entertainment.
Thank you to PAWS' staff and volunteers, and to all our wonderful speakers and attendees for a very successful Summit for the Elephants!
SUMMIT FOR THE ELEPHANTS VIDEO. To view a question and answer session with Pat Derby (left), use THIS LINK.
When we first launched our "Bucks For Bulls" program, we initiated a contest to stimulate the campaign. The 10 individuals who raised the most bucks for bull elephants would receive one of the following prizes -- a "Seeing the Elephant" one-day visit (Saturdays) for 4 guests; OR 6 tickets to the "One and Only Elephant Grape Stomp (October 16, 2010); OR a Family Pass (good for up to 10 tickets) to a PAWS Open House; OR a 5-year Nicholas Adoption Package.
Since that time, our donors have funded more than 5,000 feet of bull elephant fencing at $168 per linear foot, and attracted many new "Bucks for Bulls" partners!
Congratulations to our 10 winners, and thank you to everyone who participated. Please keep up your momentum. . . we have!
Winners may contact Kim Gardner at (916) 488-3991 or email kgardner@pawsweb.org to select and make arrangements for their prize. (Prizes do not include travel arrangements or lodging.)
...we learned that when you invite a friend to join you in something you care deeply about, they are happy to lend a hand.
...we learned that even in times of economic stress, the donation of a dollar or two, will still happen.
But in truth, we knew you cared all along. Thank you to each and every person who cared enough to send in a dollar or two, cared enough to share the information with family, friends and co-workers, and most importantly, cared enough to remember a bull elephant in need.
Every time you say "charge-it!" you could be helping a PAWS animal! Sign up for the new PAWS Capital One card today and show your support with every purchase you make. Just follow THIS LINK.
If you wish to make a donation to PAWS and do not have a PayPal account, you may call our office at 209/745-2606, Monday thru Friday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. PST, to make a donation using your credit card.
If you have a friend, family member, neighbor or a co-worker who might be interested in hearing about PAWS, the animals in our care, our sanctuaries, and the work we do, please use the "FORWARD EMAIL" link below to send them this copy of PAWS' E-News. If you forward this email without using the "FORWARD EMAIL" link, photo links and formatting may be lost. Add PAWS to your FaceBook, MySpace, Twitter or other favorite social networking sites. Go E-Viral for PAWS!
Gwendolyn Osborne-Smith Bids Farewell as Longest Running Model of Color on The Price is Right (Exclusive)
Fats Domino *Legendary New Orleans musician and singer Fats Domino, best-known for songs like "Blueberry Hill," "Ain't That a Shame" and...
*I don't know about you, but being a Flight Attendant was one of my childhood dreams. Of course the main influence was the desire to tra...
*It came out of nowhere. One minute they were talking shop, when Phil, on his second gin and tonic, blurted it out: his marriage was endin...
*A new parody music video is teaching diverse populations and generations across the country to recognize the most common stroke warning...
The news you want  unfiltered. The Electronic Urban Report/EUR puts the most buzz worthy African American news at your fingertips. There is no more complete source for urban news than the Electronic Urban Report.
For every pregnant mother, comfort is always given first priority. This is in the best interest of the unborn baby. Body maternity pillows are designed to ensure maximum comfort in order to avoid putting pressure on the unborn baby. Moonlight slumber pregnancy pillow stands out as the most preferred maternity pillow of all time. It is also highly recommended by medical experts.
This is the most decisive factor of whether or not the mother will purchase the pillow. It is important to go for the best maternity pillow that will not cost the mother a lot of money.
The quality of the pillow will be dictated by the material used in making the pillow. Additionally, the shape of the pillow also plays a huge role. This explains the reason as to why the top quality maternity pillows have a particular shape in order to give the best results.
It is advisable to go for a pillow that is not subject to wear and tear. This will see to it that you cut on costs which would have been incurred when purchasing another pillow in case of another pregnancy.
Moonlight slumber pillows will surely meet all the requirements of expectant mothers and they surely will give the best experience. For most expectant mothers, moonlight slumber pillows are a favorite. This can be attributed to the exemplary performance and high level of comfort. Some of the benefits that the expectant mother will reap from using these pillows.
These pillows are offered at very reasonable prices to ensure that they are affordable to anyone in the society regardless of the class or status.
These pillows are offered in different arrays and it is upon the mother to choose the most suitable pillow type. Some of the pillow types on offer include: the comfort U pillow, comfort U pillow(small size) and the 3 piece pillow from the same brand.
The comfort U pillows offer the best comfort and they also allow the mother to stretch her body and can be able to provide support for any part of her body. Reading and watching TV will not be a problem either as the hips, back, neck and shoulders are properly aligned. This will see to it that both the baby and the mother are at the perfect shape.
These pillows are cotton made and are filled with high quality fiber which is scientifically known as extended polymer. This allows free flow of air within the pillow which boosts the level of comfort. This is more than enough proof that these pillows stand out in the maternity body pillow reviews.
These pillows will serve the mother for a long period of time. Their top quality does not allow for lumping, clumping or flattening. This will ensure the high level of comfort is maintained at all times. This makes these pillows the best pregnancy pillows in the market.
It is time the highest level of comfort during pregnancy is reached. Moonlight slumber pregnancy pillow is surely the best body maternity pillow and one thing for sure, it is a decision no mother can regret ever making.
Birthstone: Anyone born during the month of December will have the birthstones Tanzanite, Zircon and Turquoise.
YMD Format: 1987-12-11. This format is often used by software applications, simply because numbers such as "19871211" are easier to sort.
Songs that were on top of the music singles charts in the USA and the United Kingdom on the 11th of December, 1987:
Trending news stories and fads that were prevalent throughout this time period. These are news stories and events that would have been in the media on the 11th of December, 1987.
Between the 22nd of September, 1980, and the 20th of August, 1988, an armed conflict was being fought between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Iraqi Republic.
Dublin, Ireland: It was 7.7 degrees Celsius. It was a dry day. It was a windy day. It was a mostly sunny day.
A baby that was born on the 11th of December, 1987 was probably conceived around the 3rd of March, 1987. (Rough Estimate).
The due date for a baby that was conceived on the 11th of December, 1987 is the 19th of September, 1988. (Rough Estimate).
29th of November, 1987: 115 people are killed when Korean Air Flight 858 is blown up by North Korean agents.
11th of December, 1994: The First Chechen War begins between the Russian Federation and the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria.
11th of December, 2006: The Mexican Drug War begins when President Felipe Calderon sends federal troops to the Mexican state of Michoacan.
Charles in Charge - TV show about a 19-year-old student called Charles, who is played by Scott Baio.
Punch-Out!! - "Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!!" was a boxing game that was published for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES).
Looking for some nostalgia? Here are some Youtube videos relating to the 11th of December, 1987. Please note that videos are automatically selected by Youtube and that results may vary! Click on the "Load Next Video" button to view the next video in the search playlist. In many cases, you'll find episodes of old TV shows, documentaries, music videos and soap dramas.
Visualize the days that have passed since the 11th of December, 1987. Each day that has passed will be represented as a calendar icon.
Since the 11th of December, 1987, earth has travelled approximately 503,513,625,600 miles through space.
If you were born on this day, you have taken approximately 83,918,938 steps. That's about 37,297 miles!
What does the 11th of December, 1987 mean to you? Were you born on this date? Did you finish school? A loved one passed away?
(the following is from the Salina Journal) Greg Warmack works Tuesday morning in his studio downtown. The imaginative artist is working on various art projects in town, including work at the Peace Garden in north Salina at Forest and North Second streets. (photo by Tom
Archives Select Month October 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (9) May 2014 (9) April 2014 (14) March 2014 (13) February 2014 (13) January 2014 (6) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (7) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (10) April 2013 (13) March 2013 (22) February 2013 (26) January 2013 (32) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (3) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (2) June 2012 (1) May 2012 (2) March 2012 (10) February 2012 (4) January 2012 (1) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (2) September 2011 (8) August 2011 (1) July 2011 (3) June 2011 (2) May 2011 (3) April 2011 (1) March 2011 (3) February 2011 (2) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (3) November 2010 (1) September 2010 (2) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (11) May 2010 (12) April 2010 (10) March 2010 (3) February 2010 (1) January 2010 (1) November 2009 (7) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (3) August 2009 (2) July 2009 (3) June 2009 (7) May 2009 (17) April 2009 (6) March 2009 (7) February 2009 (9) January 2009 (3) December 2008 (8) November 2008 (1) October 2008 (7) September 2008 (9) August 2008 (8) July 2008 (3) June 2008 (7) May 2008 (8) April 2008 (12) March 2008 (15) February 2008 (11) January 2008 (4) December 2007 (3) November 2007 (3) October 2007 (11) September 2007 (9) August 2007 (2) June 2007 (7) April 2007 (2) February 2007 (5) October 2006 (7)
Due to unforeseen circumstances, the NIELIT Examination of O/A/B/C level July, 2016 at the Srinagar Examination centre with Centre Code "JKSNG" schedule till 17-Jul-2016 has been Postponed till further intimation. The candidates are advised to visit the NIELIT Website regularly for further information in this regard.
Notice regarding revision in examination pattern for the Basic Computer Course(BCC) wef December 2012 BCC examination.
Notification and Guidelines for "Grant/Renewal/Withdrawal of permission" in respect of the Instititutes for the conduct of IT Literacy courses of NIELIT viz. Basic Computer Course(BCC) and Course on Computer Concepts(CCC) along with processing fee.
Any graduate from recognized university / institute is eligible to register at 'O' level without any experience.
CCC Sept-2013 examination scheduled to commence from 07.09.2013 has now been rescheduled to commence from 14.09.2013 at various exam centres of NIELIT Gorakhpur region (U.P & Bihar State).
Announcement for submission of Online Examination Application Forms (OEAF) with respect to the O/ A/ B/ C Level Examinations of NIELIT to be held w.e.f. 12th July 2014.
All Candidates are informed to apply Online from 4th Sept 2013 for registration at 'O/A/B/C' level and for BCC/CCC examination through Student portal, http://student.nielit.in for the july 2014 examination and November 2013 examination respectively. Manual/Downloaded Registration Application Form/ Examination Form and Fees through demand draft will not be accepted.
Due to certain Technological, Administrative and Security upgrades the May, 2014 and June 2014 BCC & CCC Examination Cycles have been shifted to July 2014 and merged with July 2014 Examination Cycle. The July, 2014 exams shall commence from 1st Saturday of July, 2014 and the Examination will be conducted in Bilingual Format (Hindi and English).
The last date of Online Registration and payment for A, B and C level for January, 2016 examination has been extended to 10th October, 2015 for the candidate applying through Accredited Institutes only
Guidelines for establishment of Examination Centres for the conduct of the online examinations of BCC and CCC penalty clauses.
List of Successful Candidates for 1 Year Diploma in Repair of Electronic Appliances & Maintenance (DREAM), May 2015 Examination
Reagan Presidential Limousine: Henry Ford Museum, July 2008 This limousine entered service with during the Nixon administration. It was in this car that Ronald Reagan took refuge and was rushed to the hospital after being shot during John Hinkley Jr.s assassination attempt. This limousine is the last in the Henry Ford Museums collection, and the last one to be preserved. All presidential vehicles are now destroyed by the Secret Service for security reasons.
Kennedy Presidential Limousine: Henry Ford Museum, July 2008 On November 22, 1963, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated while riding in this limousine. The limousine was also used by his successor, Lyndon B. Johnson and remained in service through the Nixon, Ford and Carter administrations. After Kennedys death, the car was fitted with a permanent top due to security concerns by the Secret Service.
Dwight D. Eisenhower Bubbletop: Henry Ford Museum, July 2008 This presidential limousine was used by four U.S. Presidents. It entered service during Trumans administration. Eisenhower later had it fitted with the plastic bubble top; so that, he could be seen by the public when riding in the car on rainy days. It was also used as a backup vehicle for presidents Kennedy and Johnson.
I regularly have fish for sale from my lines. When you are interested please send me an email to check the availability.
For questions concerning my website or purchasing fish from my line, please feel free to contact me. I will try to get back to you as soon as I can.
Package:meet the export standard,plastic film and brown paper can be covered at customers' need,wooden case or wooden pallet is adopted to protect products from damage during the delivery.
5754 aluminum alloy has the characteristics of medium strength, good corrosion resistance, weldability and easy to machining, etc. it is a typical alloy in al - mg alloy. In foreign countries, 5754 aluminum alloy plate with different heat treatment status is the main material used in automobile manufacturing ( car door, mould, seal ), can industry.
5754 aluminum plate is widely used in welding structure, tank, pressure vessel, ship structure and offshore facilities, transportation tanks and applications for excellent processing performance, excellent corrosion resistance, high fatigue strength, high weldability and medium static strength
Posted On March 23, 2017 at 10:44 am by	admin / Comments Off on The Determination of Absolute-Magnitude Dispersion with by Stromberg G.
Groups of Order 2m in Which the Number of the Sub-Groups of at Least One Order Is of the Form 1 + 4k
The contents of this booklet were used in classes given by way of the writer. the 1st used to be a one-semester direction for seniors on the collage of British Columbia; it used to be transparent that stable undergraduates have been completely able to dealing with hassle-free crew concept and its program to uncomplicated quantum chemical difficulties.
1 The weak interactions We are now in a position to describe the weak interactions within the Standard Model. 1) MW 2 2G F sin w 2G F sin2 w cos2 w where  is the ne-structure constant. Note, in particular, that in the leading approximation, 2 MW = cos2 w . 166  105 GeV2 . 231 20(15). 1876(21) GeV. 5) One can see that the experimental quantities satisfy the theoretical relations to good accuracy. They are all in agreement at the part in 102 103 level when radiative corrections are included.
24) In practice, it is necessary to give a more precise denition. We will discuss this when we compute the beta function in the next section. Because of this need to give a precise denition of the renormalized coupling, care is required in comparing theory and experiment. There are, as we will review shortly, a variety of denitions in common use, and it is important to be consistent. Quantities like Greens functions are not physical, and obey an inhomogeneous equation. One can obtain this equation in a variety of ways.
Abiotic Stress Tolerance in Plants: Toward the Improvement by Ashwani K. Rai (Editor), Teruhiro Takabe (Editor)
Biofilms in the Food Environment (Institute of Food by Hans P. Blaschek, Hua H. Wang, Meredith E. Agle
The graph for diabetes is increasing, In India there has been recent rise in the number with around 3 crore people having diabetes and the more shocking fact is that 50% of theses get to know about it very late. In India around forty thousand people loose their legs due to diabetes every year, and globally around the world in every 30 seconds a person looses his leg.
Similarly if we see the graph of diabetic retinopathy then we see that 43 % of the diabetic patients in India develop diabetic retinopathy and of theses around 30% loose their eyesight within two years of developing the disease.
What is diabetes exactly?  Diabetes is a diseases where our pancreas stops producing insulin or produces it less than what is required. Insulin help in absorption of glucose in body. The carbohydrate in food like sugar, potato, wheat and rice is broken and absorbed as glucose by tissues in our body. Glucose is used for energy. Without this glucose energy we cannot survive but in people having diabetes due to insufficient insulin the body cannot absorb this glucose and there is excess of glucose in blood which is drained out through urine.
In Type A Diabetes the pancrease either does not produce insulin or produces less than what is required. In this condition the person can initially survive without taking insulin injection but later they may have to take injections or medicines.
In Diabetes B the cells in pancreases become inactive and the person need to be dependent on insulin injection for life.
Symptoms  A diabetes patient feels thirsty all the time and needs to relive himself more frequently. A normal person urinates around 1.5 liters whereas a person having diabetes may urinate upto 2 to 2.5 liters a day. However this is not the only symptom excess urination can also be due to kidney problem, age related changes.
Diabetic patients also feel very hungry because the body glucose is drained out through urine and the body demands more energy. However since the process of draining out glucose is faster than the food intake of the person, he looses weight drastically. The person feels weak and at times also experiences burning sensation in palms and feet, weakness in eyesight, anemia, frequent reeling of head and takes time to heal any cut or wound.
Any person who has two or few of these symptoms should go for a urine test and if detected with diabetes should regulate their food habits. It involves totally avoiding sugar and sugar products. Eating balanced diet and keeping a watch on calorie intake.
As per medical experts diabetes is not curable, although it can be controlled through medicines, insulin injections, balanced diet and regular exercises.
[] patients have to take medicines regularly to reduce angina. People suffering from diabetes, high blood pressure, arthritis are also dependent on high doses of medicine to []
Check out BMTNs new video on the value of improvement science in our work and collaboration within the network toward growing the number of high school students who are deeply engaged in making sense of and understanding algebra. ...
We are a network of teachers and researchers committed to improving math instruction and making it more student-centered, with the goal of engaging more students.
BettsBerm -- Documentation of the construction of our bermed home and ramblings about our life in the foothills of Maine.
The modular closet hardware came in and Dave finished installing it this week. It took me about 2 hours to unpack all those clothes that had been stored in boxes and fill it up. I can give new meaning to "build it and they will come". I have a few pictures taken as the filling was in operation.
As you can see, I have lots of hanging and shelving space. Eventually, we will also have a linen closet in the bathroom and perhaps one for bedding at the end of the hallway. That will free up some of the shelves. This type of system turned out to be very stable and I am quite happy that we decided on it rather than having units built.
On another note, the walk in shower tile is being grouted today and I will get the final shots of it. Quite a process with the waterproofing and tiling. That will only leave the ceiling to finish, but we believe we can use it even before that step. Stay tuned.
The trip home - weather forecasts continue to be for a huge Northeaster. Packing up in the morning, we took off on our 20 hour trek back to the north country. Probably the scenery was just as nice as on the route down, but we couldn't tell you. Fog, sleet, rain and WIND pretty well camouflaged it for us. We plowed on, getting soaked at each potty stop and marveling over the gusts that waved the van around the road.
Mid-morning we passed Blacksburg, VA with no inkling of what was about to happen there in the near future. On we plowed until the weather really got ugly and we really got hungry about 1/2 way through the corner of NY. So, we pulled over at a truck stop and called our daughter-in-law for a weather report while grabbing a bite. "Snow and freezing rain" -- better get a room.
So, we stayed at a Motel 8 - great, except for the 3rd floor room and the shaky elevator. First trip - no problem, all four into the little box. Milos wasn't thrilled at the slippery tile floor, but Sophie was with him.
Then the door slides shut and the box jolts to a start! PANIC! The world is coming to an end and we are stuck in this little box! Bounces to a halt and we are released into a hallway. WHEW! Everyone (canine and human) was exhausted and hit the beds (the dogs each had a chicken leg that I had sneaked out of the truckstop in a napkin - both must be losing weight).
Next morning around 6 am, they can hold it no longer. Up, on with the sweats - a peek out the window shows more downpours - on with the boots, the raincoat. Trotting off and all is well with the world... until....
Mom wants us in that dangerous box again - NO WAY! Sophie hesitantly gets in the elevator. Milos bulks. I am holding the door which is trying its best to close. Coax Milos onto his feet and he starts in, but wait - Sophie bounces back out and that puts a stop to any progress. Deep breath -- by now both are dancing around wondering why we are messing with this stupid machine instead of finding a nice wet grassy area.
Another method - I go in and firmly state: "Gotta go? Come on". Mother nature's call overcomes the anxiety and they both come in. Door closes - Down we go.
When they were thoroughly soaked, but empty - I put them into the van - and went back upstairs to get ready for the final leg of our journey.
We stopped in Wells (our old hometown) for lunch -- flooded roads and wind damage. Up the turnpike (closed to trucks due to the wind which was measured at 74 mph) and home. We were able to get up the slush on the drive thank goodness.
We had some minor damage - one of the solatubes broke from ice expansion. Dave has it covered with a bucket and plastic until the weather breaks and we can get it fixed. He had just mentioned that we needed to put up a weather / snow break above each of those before next winter. It is always the last storms that get you.
I drove him down to the arena (indoor soccer fields) in the van. It wasn't hot - as a matter of fact, it looks like rain - we hear there is a major Northeaster on the way. I walked him around using some of the techniques that everyone has been advising. He does respond better, but is a long way from being able to go with me into the ring. We nearly scared the hair off one young leo when they unexpectedly appeared behind a car. I had no idea what I had on my hands - there is going to need to be major changes in our methods of training when we return to Maine.
I brush him out in the van as the show begins and the Youth classes finish - Novice is next. On with the collar and leash and into the arena - Hup, Two - I scoot him past the other dogs with minor snarls and hand him off to the brave handler. Then I must disappear since we decided it would be best for him to not be able to see me or David (or smell Sophie). I had promised to help prepare his dogs for the next classes. He is off to the ring.....
About 10 minutes into the judging (Swedish judge - Petra Junehall ), chaos! Dogfight - my stomach drops to the floor. It must be the testosterone-boy. I am devastated - but, NO! Here comes a friend with the news that it isn't Milos at all, but two others. He is just standing there looking astounded and being calm as can be. I don't know whether to laugh or cry. It was a long class with several other growls, but he showed very well. Took third place, too. (the winner of his class actually took Best of Show - so the competition was stiff).
Relief - we are having dinner with my cousin who resides just outside of Asheville. Very nice to get away and to see them if even for a short time. Tomorrow we head into the storm.
It's Friday morning - one more day before Milos is scheduled for the ring. At least we got a decent nights sleep until about 5:30 before the whining began.
The day's Plan - Walk the "boy" to the show venue and work with him to obtain something that resembles control.
The day's Reality - HELP - I need Cesar Milan! I walked him around a fairly open area, but if anything larger than a beagle came by (pretty much covers all 200 dogs present), alarms were raised. I had to leave as he disturbed the obedience trials - how very very embarrassing!
One of the main reasons for this trip was to have Milos evaluated for Breeding. The LCA performs a total BACL (A BACL is a Breeding Acceptability Check List Evaluation. It is a tool the LCA uses to give your dog a rating based on twelve areas including health, conformation, and temperament. The dogs are given a rating based on their score. This rating, and the detailed feedback is used by breeders to select a dog that compliments the bitch for the betterment of the breed.) If interested, you can see the Instructions for a BACL.
We did get this completed and as soon as I submit his pictures, he will be finished with that process.
The evening ended with a great meal followed by a Memorial video of the dogs we have lost this year, and a Therapy Parade which Sophie took part in. She received a "Share the Love" certificate and was a very proud gal. This year Sophie turned 8 which makes her a Veteran already also.
We may have a solution for Monster Milos - another owner has volunteered to take him into the ring. David S. is a great handler and understands that Milos just doesn't respect us as his Alphas enough to respond in the ring.
Tomorrow is the Big Day - if he does well, we will know that the monster was made by us and not by his DNA!
The Leonberger Club of America held their National Specialty in Asheville, NC this year. This is a trip that we figured we could make from remote Maine - next two years will see it in the western states. So, the planning and reservations were made; both dogs groomed; everything packed; the thermostats set to 50 degrees and we were off on an adventure.
The trip down was beautiful - if long. Maine, NH, MA, CT, NY, TN, WV, VA: those were the states we drove in the first 15 hour day. Through the valleys and over the mountains watching the snow piles shrink and flowers begin to appear. It was even uneventful driving through the Hartford, Waterbury, Danbury areas of CT. View our trip and click on the links.
We stopped at a Motel 6 in Harrisonburg, VA. These are great for travelers and pets as they only charge a $10 pet fee. This one had a large field available for walking - which would have been great except for the rainy night.
Now, Sophie doesn't travel much and Milos get so bored. Neither of them would eat any dinner and no one liked the doggy-bathroom-facilities. Into bed around 11 PM with hopes of a good rest. Milos out at midnight; Sophie out at 2 AM; Sophie (Nervous Nelly) got stomach cramps around 4:30 AM and I sat with her until around 6:30 when we actually started day two.
It was 5.5 hours from Harrisonburg to the show in Asheville which was held at the Crowne Plaza Resort. We rolled in around noon ready for showers, only to be told check-in wasn't until 4 PM -- grrrrr. Off to Pizza Hut for lunch and back to the parking lot to walk the dogs. There were Leos everywhere and it looked like the time to get out our two furry friends. Excitement - Fun - Games - Showing (at least this is what Dave and I thought). Strange Boy Dogs - Good smelling Girl Dogs - Dangerous Times - New surroundings: this is a job not for "Marvelous Milos" but for "Monster Milos". How deep can he growl? How hard can he lunge? How many people and dogs can he frighten? Testosterone Bursts! Where or where did my little dog go?
We walked him around trying to maintain some semblance of order and at least look like we knew what we were doing. The beast at the end of the leash - ever alert for dangers around the next bush or door. This is going to be a challenge. Our room is on the second floor and you must go through 3 sets of fire doors to get there. Milos is certain that there will be an attack on the other side of each one and therefore, they must be approached with a snarl and a pull. By mid afternoon, I am sure the word has spread throughout the show that there is a Maine Monster in attendance. Thank goodness for leo-people, and their understanding and willingness to help.
David took both dogs to the room to calm down and I attended a seminar on the Canine Genome Mapping Project being done at MIT and Harvard (presented by K. Linblad-Toh: Lindblad-Toh, K, et al. (2005). Genome sequence, comparative analysis and haplotype structure of the domestic dog. Nature 438, 803-819.) They are starting to see results which which is exciting for the health of not only dogs, but also people in areas of osteosarcoma, hemiosarcoma, thyroidism and more. Following the seminar, dinner was a southern BBQ where we met up with old friends and put many faces to email addresses. One more potty-run and it was off to bed for night two.
It is Spring on the calendar - although not necessarily out the window as reported earlier. Spring means dog shows for Milos - this year's leonberger national is in Asheville, NC and we are making a family trip out of it. Leonbergers are now in the process of becoming AKC (a long story that I won't give my opinion on) - and the breed specialties are probably in for a change. It is nice that this year is on the eastern side of the Mississippi. So, we are on the road this week. I have a first cousin living in the area and hope to see him. Living in Maine, keeps us away from reunions way too often.
Milos is entered in Novice, but I really go for the friendship and festivities. The New England Regionals are in CT - early May. I have made reservations, but am not certain I will make the trip. We'll see.
What's up with the house? The weather has us back to building fires in the Tulikivi - cozy. The tile are all in for completing the walk-in shower. Now, to decide on the type of wood for the ceiling - anyone with suggestions? please click comment below.
I think we may begin some work with wood and put the rest of the floors on hold. We'll see - there is also the need for a fence around the front. I hope to not need to make the trek to the dog pen next winter (not my favorite part of a Maine winter) - but Milos is too much of a wanderer (he like to chase everything including the wind).
We woke up to nearly two feet of slimy snow. During the process of cleaning out the driveway, we managed to get both the tractor and the truck stuck for awhile. Perhaps we better rethink our snow removal methods.
It's not called Mud season for nothing! Maine produces prize winning blueberries, maple syrup, potatoes, and an abundance of that gooey Springtime mud.
"Tipicditocreps" -- not a disease, but a soil type (a clay) that is widespread in the state. Certain properties of the clay favor production of the stickiest gooiest mud you have ever encountered.
The snow melts too fast for the soil which remains frozen a few inches down. It can't infiltrate and you get -- MUD! Deep, brown, mud - a prize season for every Leonberger.
So far, I have been able to keep them out, but their run is rapidly deteriorating and I can see it coming. Another great reason for no carpets; better get out the hose.
The current understanding is that certain soil particles have a high affinity for liquid water. As the liquid water around them freezes, these soils draw in liquid water from the unfrozen soils around them. If the air temperature is below freezing but relatively stable, the heat of fusion from the water that freezes can cause the temperature gradient in the soil to remain constant. The soil at the point where freezing is occurring continues to draw in liquid water from the soils below it, which then freezes and builds up into an "ice lens". Depending on the soil's affinity for moisture and amount of moisture available, a significant amount of soil displacement can result.
The orange player is not functioning correctly, but if you click the download link, you can hear the podcast without video.
Betting tips have started to be posted at 98club from today, Friday, and will continue to be posted there, as usual, in our members area for betvirus subscribers. We use the already familiar scale for units per selection, ranging from 1 to 10, and also an indication for Limit, which shows the actual limit for fair odds, so as to know from what odds and above its really worth to bet at.
But apart from that and independently- lets see some of our first thoughts regarding the game schedule of the five most popular championships in Europe, based on the odds that
The information contained in the emails sent by any of the Bexmon employees are confidential and may contain proprietary information. It is meant solely for the intended recipient. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken or omitted in reliance on this, is prohibited and may be unlawful. No liability or responsibility is accepted if information or data is, for whatever reason corrupted or does not reach its intended recipient.The views expressed in the emails are, unless otherwise stated, those of the author and not those of Bexmon Ltd / Srl or its management.
These Terms & Conditions, together with the Particulars set-out, supersede any Terms & conditions previously in use, they are based upon English & Scottish Law, with any disputes being resolved by the courts of either England or Scotland.
1. The term "Supplier" means BEXMON SRL (LTD), the term "Purchaser" refers to the Buyer throughout these Terms & Conditions.
3. No alteration of these Terms & Conditions can be made after the Buyer has ordered the goods - That is once an order has been agreed between the "Buyer" and the "Supplier" by way of order acknowledgement, Purchase Order or Order written acknowledgement by either parties. The "Supplier" may alter these Terms & Conditions at times deemed necessary by the "Supplier" in order to safeguard business interests other than that stated above.
4. All prices quoted are those set-out in the "Suppliers" quotation, including "Artwork" but excludes "Delivery Charges" to either one or multiple locations, or unless otherwise stated.
5.3 In certain circumstance the "Supplier" may request a deposit of 50% of the total amount outstanding prior to acceptance of the order.
5.5 The "Supplier" reserves the right to apply a surcharge of "4%" above on all late payments or overdue amounts from the due date of payment.
6.3 Failure to complete the checking of Goods Delivered and the reporting of any such Shortage or Damages, would be deemed by the "Supplier" that the goods have been accepted by the "Purchaser" complete and unharmed.
6.4 Under certain circumstances and out-with the control of the "Supplier" in particular when Goods are sourced from the third party Manufacturer or other Supplier, delays may occur, when and if this event does happen, the "Supplier" will notify the "Purchaser" as soon as is reasonable, that there will be a delay in delivery.
7.1 The "Supplier" will only accept an order for delivery once the "Artwork or Quotation" has been signed by the Purchaser.
7.2 In certain circumstances, whereby "Artwork" reflects a specific requirement of the "Purchaser" and is deemed their "Copyright" orders will be accepted on a "Non-Returnable" basis.
8.1 The "Supplier" reserves the right to supply either "Over/Under 10%" of the ordered articles, which is due solely to Manufacturing problems, we therefore advise each "Purchaser" when ordering to ensure that the order reflects this possible "Margin of Error".
Neither party will be liable for any delay, loss or damage caused wholly or in part by an Act of God, Governmental restriction, condition or control or by reason of any Act done pursuant to a Trade Dispute, whether such dispute involves its servants or by reason of any other Act, Matter or Thing, out-with reasonable control of the Company or Individual.
10.3 We reserve the right to amend our prices and specifications without prior notice. We will, when possible, make such information available at the earliest opportunity.
10.4 All artwork/designs and colour matching is approximate and complete accuracy cannot be guaranteed.
11.1 Customers have the right to cancel their order within 7 days of placing the said order, or within 7 days of receipt of those ordered goods, (whichever is the longer). If the Customer does cancel the order, they will have their payment returned after 50% administration fee has been applied. Items received must be returned within 7 days of receipt, giving the reason for return. All returned items must be in perfect/new condition on receipt to us. (We will not be liable for any return courier costs). Should the item being returned be faulty in accordance with our money back guarantee, we will offer a full refund or replace the item accordingly. (Due to the personal nature of personalised products, we can only replace such items if they are faulty, no refunds can be given for personalised products).
12.1 In the unlikely event of a complaint being registered, we will do our utmost to rectify the problem. Please contact us immediately by telephone (0207 965 030) or e-mail (office@bexmon.com)
13.1 For those customers outside the European Union, customs duty may be payable on your ordered goods. Fees are outside our control and must be paid by the customer. Also, carriage charges will differ from United Kingdom resident "Purchasers" and a higher carriage charge may be levied at the discretion of the "Supplier".
14.1 There are options on this site to register your e-mail address to join our mailing list. This will only be used for marketing purposes. Leaving your e-mail address will include opting to subscribe to our monthly newsletter and the forwarding by us to you, of 'special or promotional offers'. By giving your e-mail address, it will be accepted by all parties that you have agreed to both subscribe to such a newsletter and the forwarding of such offers. (You may unsubscribe at anytime by e-mailing us with your removal instructions).
15.1 The placing of your order, whether online, by telephone or fax denotes that you have accepted our Terms and Conditions as stated.
These Terms and Conditions govern your use of the Bexmon websites / web applications / portals and your relationship with Bexmon ("Bexmon websites / web applications / portals" ; "we" or "us"). Please read them carefully as they affect your rights and liabilities under the law. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not register for or use these websites including incorporated web applications and portals or use any other Bexmon Products and Services. If you have any questions on the Terms and Conditions, please contact office @ bexmon.com.
Bexmon makes available information, materials and products on these web sites, subject to the following terms and conditions. By accessing any part of these websites / web applications / portals, you will be deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions in full.
We may update these Terms and Conditions from time to time for legal or regulatory reasons or to allow the proper operation of the Bexmon websites. Any changes will be notified to you via the e-mail address provided by you on registration or via a suitable announcement on the Bexmon websites. The changes will apply to the use of the Bexmon websites after we have given notice. If you do not wish to accept the new Terms and Conditions you should not continue to use these websites / web applications / portals. If you continue to use it after the date on which the change comes into effect, you use of the Bexmon websites / web applications / portals indicates your agreement to be bound by the new Terms and Conditions.
Whilst Bexmon endeavours to ensure that these websites / web applications / portals are normally available 24 hours a day, we will not be liable if for any reason the site is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to these sites may be suspended temporarily or permanently and without notice.
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and any other rights in all material on these web sites are owned by Bexmon.
Except as specifically permitted in particular areas of these sites, none of the information may be reproduced modified copied or distributed in any form or by any means without prior written permission from Bexmon.
No part of these sites may be reproduced or stored in any other web site or included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service without our prior written permission and no waiver will be valid unless in writing and addressed directly to the party concerned.
The trade marks (), logos and services marks ('Marks') displayed on these sites are the property of Bexmon, its licensor or other third parties. You may not use any of the Marks without the prior written consent of Bexmon or the third party who owns the relevant Mark.
Whilst Bexmon endeavours to ensure that the information on these sites are correct, no warranty, express or implied, is given as to its accuracy and Bexmon does not accept any liability for error or omission.
Bexmon shall not be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business or loss of profits) arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use these sites, or any material contained in it, or from any action or decision taken as a result of using these sites or any such material.
Part of these sites contains material submitted to Bexmon by third parties. Those third parties are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on these sites complies with national and relevant foreign law. Bexmon will not be responsible for any error, omission or inaccuracy in the material and reserves the right to omit, suspend or edit any material submitted to it. If we are in breach of these Terms and Conditions, we will only be responsible for any losses that you suffer as a result to the extent that they are a foreseeable consequence to both of us at the time you use the Bexmons websites. Our liability shall not in any event include business issues such as lost data, lost profits or business interruption.
This clause shall not limit or affect our liability resulting from any products sold through the Bexmon websites being found to be unsafe or if something we do negligently causes death or personal injury.
Bexmon accepts no responsibility for the content of any site to which a hypertext link from this site exists. The links are provided 'as is' with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them. Provision of a link does not imply any endorsement by Bexmon of the relevant site.
Proof of sending an e-mail is not proof of receipt. Bexmon accepts no responsibility for non-receipt of information submitted through these sites.
These web sites are controlled by Bexmon from its offices. By accessing these sites, you agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, these sites will be governed by the local law; and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the local courts with respect to such matters.
Bexmon makes no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Any person who chooses to access this site from other locations does so on their own initiative and is responsible for compliance with local laws.
Bexmon will not use the personal information collected on these websites for any purpose other than that specified. Bexmon declares that all information will be treated confidentially and in accordance with the legal provisions concerning data protection.
Part of the Bexmon websites may contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Bexmon websites complies with relevant laws and codes. We will not be responsible to you for any error or inaccuracy in advertising and sponsorship material.
2. transmitting material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offence, or otherwise breaches any applicable laws, regulations or code of practice,
4. making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright without the permission of the owner.
You may not transfer any of your rights under these Terms and Conditions to any other person. We may transfer our rights under these Terms and Conditions to another business where we reasonably consider that your rights will not be affected.
If you breach these Terms and Conditions and Bexmon chooses to ignore this, Bexmon will still be entitled to use its rights and remedies at a later date or in any other situation where you breach the Terms and Conditions.
Bexmon shall not be responsible for any breach of these Terms and Conditions caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
By placing an order with BEXMON, you confirm that you are in agreement with and bound by the terms and conditions below.
BEXMON will carry out work only where an agreement is provided either by email, telephone, mail or fax. BEXMON will carry out work only for clients who are 18 years of age or above. An 'order' is deemed to be a written or verbal contract between BEXMON and the client, this includes telephone and email agreements.
Whilst every endeavor will be made to ensure that the website and any scripts or programs are free of errors, BEXMON cannot accept responsibility for any losses incurred due to malfunction, the website or any part of it.
The website, graphics and any programming code remain the property of BEXMON until all outstanding accounts are paid in full.
Any scripts, cgi applications, php scripts, or software (unless specifically agreed) written by BEXMON remain the copyright of BEXMON and may only be commercially reproduced or resold with the permission of BEXMON.
BEXMON cannot take responsibility for any copyright infringements caused by materials submitted by the client. We reserve the right to refuse any material of a copyrighted nature unless adequate proof is given of permission to use such material.
Any additions to the brief will be carried out at the discretion of BEXMON and where no charge is made by BEXMON for such additions, BEXMON accept no responsibility to ensure such additions are error free and reserve the right to charge an according amount for any correction to these or further additions.
The client agrees to make available as soon as is reasonably possible to BEXMON all materials required to complete the site to the agreed standard and within the set deadline.
BEXMON will not be liable for costs incurred, compensation or loss of earnings due to the failure to meet agreed deadlines.
BEXMON will not be liable or become involved in any disputes between the site owner and their clients and cannot be held responsible for any wrongdoing on the part of a site owner. eg. Any disputes re content/images that have been provided to us for inclusion on the site.
BEXMON will not be liable for any costs incurred, compensation or loss of earnings due to the work carried out on behalf of the client or any of the clients appointed agents.
BEXMON will not be liable for any costs incurred, compensation or loss of earnings due to the unavailability of the site, its servers, software or any material provided by its agents.
A deposit of 35% is required with any standard project and 50% for database driven projects before any design work will be carried out. This figure may be higher for websites of an adult nature and is non-refundable.
Once a website has been designed and completed the final balance of payment is then due in accordance with our payment terms. There are no exceptions to this, i.e If the client decides they no longer want the site, as they have commissioned the work and paid a deposit they are still obliged to pay for the work that has been done. Non payment will result in legal action being taken if necessary.
BEXMON cannot take responsibility for any losses incurred by the use of any software created for the client. Whilst every care has been taken to ensure products are problem free and accurate, the ultimate responsibility lies with the client in ensuring that all software is functioning correctly before use.
Any scripts, applications or software (unless specifically agreed) written by BEXMON remain the copyright of BEXMON and may only be commercially reproduced or resold with the permission of BEXMON.
Where applications or sites are developed on servers not recommended by BEXMON, the client is expected to provide or seek any information, additional software, support or co-operation pertaining to the server required in order for the application to be correctly developed. Where large applications are to be developed, it is the clients responsibility to provide a suitable testing environment which is identical to the final production environment.
The client is expected to test fully any application or programming relating to a site developed by BEXMON before being made generally available for use. Where "bugs", errors or other issues are found after the site is live, BEXMON will endeavor (but is not obliged to) to correct these issues to meet the standards of function outlined in the brief.
BEXMON will endeavor to ensure that any developed/designed site or application will function correctly on the server it is initially installed in and that it will function correctly when viewed with the web browsing software Microsoft Internet Explorer Version 6 and to an acceptable level with Mozilla browsers. BEXMON can offer no guarantees of correct function with all browser software.
Whilst BEXMON recommends hosting companies to host websites, no guarantees can be made as to the availability or interruption of this service by BEXMON cannot accept liability for losses caused by the unavailability, malfunction or interruption of this service, or for loss of turnover, sales, revenue, profits or indirect, consequential or special loss.
BEXMON reserve the right to refuse to handle in any way, material which may be deemed offensive, illegal or in any way controversial, and also to terminate the hosting service should the necessity arise.
A deposit is required from any new client before any work is carried out. It is the BEXMON policy that any outstanding accounts for work carried out by BEXMON or its affiliates are required to be paid in full, no later than 30 days from the date of the invoice unless by prior arrangement with BEXMON.
Once a deposit is paid and work completed you are obliged to pay the balance of payment in full. We will contact clients via email and telephone to remind them of such payments if they are not received when due.
If accounts are not settled or BEXMON have not been contacted regarding the delay, access to the related website may be denied and web pages removed, we will then pass such cases to the Small Claims Court to pursue payment, non payment can result in county court judgments (ccj's) being added to the clients credit rating.
Following consistent non payment of an invoice our Solicitors will contact the client in question, with a view to taking the matter further and if need be to seek payment through legal procedures, and if necessary court summons.
Anyone who experiences a problem with their web service provided by BEXMON should raise the matter directly using our online contact form to do so, giving sufficient information to locate the material (such as an url) and clearly outlining the grounds for complaint. BEXMON will approach the individual responsible for the material in question with a view to resolving the matter to the satisfaction of the complainant.
The formal complaints procedure should only be used where the complainant feels that the nature of the complaint is too serious to be dealt with informally, or where a satisfactory conclusion has not been reached after following the informal procedure.
A formal complaint should be made in writing to BEXMON, who will acknowledge receipt and ensure that the matter is looked into as soon as possible.
An initial response to any complaint can be expected within seven days of its receipt; a full and considered response to the complaint should be completed within 30 days and any subsequent remedy implemented with the minimum of delay.
 Copyright MMIV-MMXII Bexmon Marketing | Host by: BexHost.com | Powered by: Pagelex.com | www.pagelex.com /.co.uk /.ro / - All rights reserved
Any and all materials or content created or produced by Bexmon Marketing that are included in and throughout this Web site, including but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, and designs are the property of Bexmon Marketing or its content suppliers and are protected by international copyright laws. All software, text, graphics, HTML code, CGI/PHP scripting and other source code or original material created by Bexmon Marketing , or used in the creation and function of this site, is the property of Bexmon Marketing , and is protected by international copyright laws. The copyrighted materials, content and source coding on and within this site may not be reproduced by any individual or entity, in whole or in part in any form whatsoever without the prior express written consent of Bexmon Marketing. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, downloading, transferring or creation of derivative works, distribution, transmission, republiation, or display of the copyrighted materials, content and source coding on this site is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, the copyrighted materials, content and source coding on this site may not be distributed for commercial purposes or used to create any materials for resale, including any directory, marketing or mailing list. Removal or modification of the copyright or legal notices on this site is also strictly prohibited. The 'Bexmon', 'BexHost, 'Pagelex', 'PagelexMail' names and logos is a trademark of Bexmon Marketing. All other copyrights found within this Web site are the property of their respective owners, including but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, images, sounds, music or photos submitted to Bexmon Marketing by the customer for creation of and inclusion to this site.
Free Sleepover Invitation Templates New Sleepover Invitation Templates Free Lovely Free Whimsical Pastel, picture size 2100x1500 posted by admin at October 20, 2017
, we choices the top collections together with best resolution just for you, and this photographs is actually one of photos selections within our very best photographs gallery in relation to Lovely Free Sleepover Invitation Templates. Im hoping you will enjoy it.
published simply by admin at 2017-10-20 08:13:03. To discover all pictures throughout Lovely Free Sleepover Invitation Templates pictures gallery you need to adhere to this particular link.
A diploma or any form of official education will supply you with the knowledge necessary to become more prosperous in your region. Real schooling may be your only that allows you to consider your self and apply what youve figured out. Instruction results in just another amount. The true education youre going to need would be the continuing self-learning which will assist you to fulfill your skills to your chosen goals in your lifetime.
Abortion wont ever be eradicated. If your essays or articles are all to the internet, name plays a very vital function inside the full event.
Providing evidence for your GRE essays will wind up becoming valuable in the event that you would love to produce the total amount of credibility. A great name sums up exactly what the essay is about. Your essay ought to be more illustrative. It ought to be persuasive.
An article is component of writing, usually out of https://writing.wisc.edu/Handbook/BusinessLetter.html an authors individual viewpoint. The thesis statement you write for this kind of essay should help it become feasible for you to introduce your reader a glimpse of these evidence youre likely to be giving. Keep in mind, debate essay writing is not quite as simple as it appears. Remember, disagreement essay writing isnt really as simple because it looks.
Furthermore, youll discover a blend of topics from assorted origins and subjects. Select an issue you will find interesting because it will continue to keep you engaged. It will be possible for you to input subjects to make names related to these. The subjects and themes weve introduced in the post will develop openness and approachability as far as your crowd is concerned.
For those who understand what youre searching for, it is possible to discover it. Traditionally a excellent therapeutic massage therapist will be a person having a amazing awareness of touch and certainly will hence really feel subtleties in your system. In reality, you spend significant bit of ones time each day in earnings. When there was something that I can do so as to work with you, make sure you dont tell me .
An article is part of composing, commonly from an authors respective viewpoint. The thesis statement you produce for this sort of essay needs to help it become possible that you introduce your reader a glimpse of these evidence youre likely to be offering. Keep in mind, argument essay writing is not quite as simple as it appears. Remember, debate essay writing isnt really as simple as it appears.
Thus any abortion is not perfect. Thinking up an issue all in your own is rather mind-torturing. Hence, you first have to know the need for prejudice in the event you wish to compose excellent essays about bias to your article exams. That usually means you have to rigorously adhere to this niche, and dont make an effort to respond to numerous questions at the very same informative https://expert-writers.net/ article.
Time management for every single crucial purpose of conversation is among the most crucial matters to keep in your mind before beginning writing an assignment. The expense and manners of saving for post-secondary education is an extremely standard subject, specially considering that the present economic environment in the united states. The tools offered for internet essay serve the target of one-of-a-kind heights of this academic curricula. A well-planned plan may go a exact long way in aiding you to reach a fantastic GRE rating.
Youve must bear in mind that composing a research paper on topics isnt an easy endeavor. About composing British literature research newspaper the point, is you get yourself a numbers of topics to select from. Base your collection of tools on what their authors utilized for this research. A university might have a high score in a particular test department, but might take out ordinary scores in distinct sections.
An excessive quantity of confidence in your circumstance alone can neglect you in the very long term. Thus, the issues might be researched and realized with the most suitable way of developing youths so they really can earn a big difference. The different differentiation is at the collection of the speech issues. It is going to essay order likewise be exciting to figure out whether theres a total difference in perspective in women and men on both love and relationship troubles.
Abortion will not ever be expunged. In case your essays or articles are all to the net, name plays a very vital function while in the full phenomenon.
Abortion will not ever be expunged. In case your articles or essays are all around the internet, name plays with a important function in the entire occurrence.
Every discussion gives way to varied unique inquiries. Obviously, during time, many looking at lists are compiled, record what books others experience are necessary for a comprehensive instruction manual. Students coping with anger control complications or alternative similar problems, wont get the help of school police. There really are a few pupils who prefer speaking about topics that are particular for those of their creation.
Please use the form on any page to contact us online. If you need immediate assistance, please call our
TeamViewer 12 is a simple and fast solution for remote control, desktop sharing and file transfer that works behind any firewall and NAT proxy. To connect to another computer just run TeamViewer on both machines without the need of an installation procedure. With the first start automatic partner IDs are generated on both computers. Enter your partners ID into TeamViewer and the connection is established immediately.
None of the files shown here are hosted or transmitted by this server. The links are provided solely by this site's users.
The administrator of this site (bft.cash) cannot be held responsible for what its users post, or any other actions of its users.
You may not use this site to distribute or download any material when you do not have the legal rights to do so. It is your own responsibility to adhere to these terms.
If you have any doubts about legality of content or you have another suspicions, feel free to contact us at DMCA
Your very own secure file sharing tool! Dropshare is a menu bar application for Drag&Drop upload files, screenshots and even directories to your own server, Amazon S3 or Rackspace Cloud Files. Sharing files with friends, customers, colleagues or anyone else has never been so professional!
It is if it was paid on equipment used primarily to make a product for sale at retail. When a business purchases this type of machinery or equipment they are required to pay sales tax charged by the seller. If the seller does not charge sales tax, the business is required to file and pay use tax. For more information on use tax see Do You Have A Use Tax Liability? A refund of this tax paid can be claimed by filing Minnesota Form ST11 , Capital Equipment Refund Claim. A claim for refund may be filed within 42 months from the 20th day of the following month after purchase or within one year of the date of an order assessing liability whichever is longer.
If you think you may qualify for this refund or have any questions please contact us at your earliest convenience.
BHB on the Peter McClellan Show( 0 )Today through Wednesday BHB owners Matt & Connie will air on the Peter McClellan ...
Businesses May Benefit from the Minnesota Unemployment Insurance Law Changes passed in 2010( 0 )In 2010, Minnesota changed unemployment insurance by amending the Tax Rate Buydown pr...
Upcoming Tax Due Dates - April 2011( 0 )April 15th is April 18th this year: Individuals have until midnight Monday April 18th...
2013 Tax Season Resources( 0 )Welcome to another tax season! To make this busy time a little easier, you can downl...
Student Loan Rates Set To Double on July 1st( 0 )July 1st was the deadline for Congress to take action against the rate hike on new su...
The information contained in this site is intended to afford general guidelines in matters of interest, and therefore, does not constitute a binding business or professional services relationship. This web site is published with the understanding that BHB Advisors, LLC is not rendering legal, accounting, or other professional advice or opinions on specific facts or matters and, accordingly, assumes no liability whatsoever in connection with its use. Any reliance on the information in this site is solely at the users own risk. Users are encouraged to consult a professional for advice concerning specific matters before making any decision.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
As the Fourth of July draws near, fluke fishing for the captains of the Beach Haven Charter Fishing Association is dominating the action.
Captain Gary Dugan of Irish Jig Sportfishing reports steady fishing on fluke with catches ranging from 15-25 with averages of 2-5 keepers. He plans to start fishing more in the ocean on local reef sites and lumps as the fish begin their migration from the bay to the ocean. He has been finding good numbers of big blackfish also, but they must be released as they are not yet in season.
Captain Brett Taylor of Reel Reaction has been fishing the bay waters hard for some big catches of fluke. There are many more throwbacks than keepers, but his anglers have been going home with enough keepers for fish dinner. He recently had Bill Dodd of Beach Haven West and his son-in-law Eric on a 4-hour bay and inlet fluke trip. They worked quite a few areas with the duo releasing 40 Fluke while keeping two nice 22 inchers for the table. The pink S&S Bigeye bucktail did the trick for the keepers. Another day he had Ellington "Duke" Smith of Delaware with his grandson Marcus and girlfriend Jasmine out in difficult weather conditions. The trio caught some 15 fish with four keepers to 28-inches weighing 8-pounds. On another trip Captain Brett caught some bluefish and short striped bass in the inlet.
Thursday, June 28 marked the first class of the Junior Mates Program administered by the captains of the Beach Haven Charter Fishing Association. Interested teenagers who missed the first session can see about still signing up by calling Captain John Lewis at 609-670-5980
The Beach Haven Charter Fishing Association, Inc. is a non-profit association with the goal of providing the public with information about salt-water sport fishing in Southern Ocean County, NJ.
(CNS)  George Lucas and his wife, Mellody Hobson, joined local dignitaries Wednesday to formally break ground on the filmmakers $1 billion art museum in Exposition Park, vowing that the building itself would be a work of art.
It will be beautiful. It will be 11 acres of new parkland here, Hobson said. Everyone always wonders why we are doing so much to make this building stand out. George said, `I want an iconic building. I want a child to look at this building and say I want to see what is inside of that building. The building itself is a piece of art that will be in this park that were creating for this entire community and the world.
The Lucas Museum of Narrative Arts will house works by painters such as Edgar Degas, Winslow Homer and Pierre-Auguste Renoir; illustrations, comic art and photography by artists such as Norman Rockwell, Maxfield Parrish and N.C. Wyeth; as well as storyboards, props and other items from popular films. It will be a barrier-free museum where artificial divisions between `high art and `popular art are absent, according to the museums website.
The museum plans to feature a five-story building with 300,000 square feet of floor area for a cafe and restaurant, theaters, office space, lecture halls, a library, classrooms, exhibition space and landscaped open space. Lucas will be donating all of the art and paying for the museums construction in what has been billed the largest philanthropic gift to an American city in the 21st century.
Yes, this is an art museum, but Im trying to position it also as an anthropological museum, Lucas said.  Popular art is an insight into a society and what they aspire to, what they really want, what they really are. Because its telling the narrative of their story, their history, their belief system.
I think its important to have a museum that I used to jokingly say supports all the orphaned arts that nobody else wants to see but everybody loves, he said. So thats my dream for this.
Lucas, creator of the Star Wars film franchise, producer of the Indiana Jones franchise and founder of visual effects company Industrial Light & Magic, chose Los Angeles as the home of the $1 billion museum in January, after facing legal challenges in Chicago and also considering San Francisco.
The building was designed by Ma Yansong of MAD Architects, and besides the artwork will feature new digital technologies, daily film screenings and educational opportunities with hands-on and digital classrooms and a public research library for students.
After Lucas ran into opposition in Chicago, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti reached out and tried to woo him to Los Angeles. Lucas considered both the Los Angeles proposal and San Francisco, where he has strong connections after growing up in Modesto and living in the Bay Area for decades.
Lucas also ran into opposition in San Francisco in 2014 with a plan to build the museum at the Presidio before the 2016 San Francisco plan proposed Treasure Island.
As they say, three is a charm. This has been a very long and hard journey. My joke is, who knew it would be so hard to give away a museum, Hobson said in June. But it really has been something that has challenged us, and its a bit emotional for us to be standing here and seeing this dream become a reality.
The scientific interest in exploring individual's well-being and its determinants is rising around the world. Many researchers nowadays use well-being indicators together with economic ones as measures of local, regional and/or national efficiency. In this research we compared several well-being measures (happiness, life satisfaction, satisfaction with life domains) between people living on the Adriatic coast and those living in continental parts of Croatia. Our aim was to examine the differences in well-being that could, after controlling for socio-demographic characteristics, be attributed to the specific geo-climate locality. The survey was conducted within the project Pilars barometer of Croatian society in spring 2015 by face-to-face interviews on a representative sample of Croatian citizens (N=1000). For the purpose of this research we examined samples of participants living on the Adriatic coast (N=196) and those living in the continental parts of Croatia, excluding Zagreb (N=623). Socio-demographic characteristic such are age, education and income were controlled for in these analyses in order to make subsamples of participants comparable in this respect. Results showed that there are differences in well-being between people living on the coast and those living in the continent. Citizens of Adriatic Croatia were happier, more satisfied with their relationships, feelings of security and with the acceptance by the community in which they live than citizens of continental Croatia. However, both groups of citizens were equally satisfied with their lives. These results are interpreted in terms of specific geo-climate, economic and societal parameters.
The upgrade contains the following set of conflicting VIBs: VMware_bootbank_xhci-xhci_1.0-3vmw.550.3.78.3248547 Remove the conflicting VIBs or use Image Builder to create a custom upgrade ISO
32The next day they let the horsemen go on with him, while they returned to the barracks. 33When they came to Caesarea and delivered the letter to the governor, they presented Paul also before him. 34On reading the letter, he asked what province he belonged to, and when he learned that he was from Cilicia, 35he said, I will give you a hearing when your accusers arrive. Then he ordered that he be kept under guard in Herods headquarters.
24Five days later the high priest Ananias came down with some elders and an attorney, a certain Tertullus, and they reported their case against Paul to the governor. 2When Paul had been summoned, Tertullus began to accuse him, saying: Your Excellency, because of you we have long enjoyed peace, and reforms have been made for this people because of your foresight. 3We welcome this in every way and everywhere with utmost gratitude. 4But, to detain you no further, I beg you to hear us briefly with your customary graciousness. 5We have, in fact, found this man a pestilent fellow, an agitator among all the Jews throughout the world, and a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes. 6He even tried to profane the temple, and so we seized him. 8By examining him yourself you will be able to learn from him concerning everything of which we accuse him. 9The Jews also joined in the charge by asserting that all this was true.
10When the governor motioned to him to speak, Paul replied: I cheerfully make my defense, knowing that for many years you have been a judge over this nation. 11As you can find out, it is not more than twelve days since I went up to worship in Jerusalem. 12They did not find me disputing with anyone in the temple or stirring up a crowd either in the synagogues or throughout the city. 13Neither can they prove to you the charge that they now bring against me. 14But this I admit to you, that according to the Way, which they call a sect, I worship the God of our ancestors, believing everything laid down according to the law or written in the prophets. 15I have a hope in Goda hope that they themselves also acceptthat there will be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous. 16Therefore I do my best always to have a clear conscience toward God and all people. 17Now after some years I came to bring alms to my nation and to offer sacrifices. 18While I was doing this, they found me in the temple, completing the rite of purification, without any crowd or disturbance. 19But there were some Jews from Asiathey ought to be here before you to make an accusation, if they have anything against me. 20Or let these men here tell what crime they had found when I stood before the council, 21unless it was this one sentence that I called out while standing before them, It is about the resurrection of the dead that I am on trial before you today.
22But Felix, who was rather well informed about the Way, adjourned the hearing with the comment, When Lysias the tribune comes down, I will decide your case. 23Then he ordered the centurion to keep him in custody, but to let him have some liberty and not to prevent any of his friends from taking care of his needs. 24Some days later when Felix came with his wife Drusilla, who was Jewish, he sent for Paul and heard him speak concerning faith in Christ Jesus. 25And as he discussed justice, self-control, and the coming judgment, Felix became frightened and said, Go away for the present; when I have an opportunity, I will send for you. 26At the same time he hoped that money would be given him by Paul, and for that reason he used to send for him very often and converse with him. 27After two years had passed, Felix was succeeded by Porcius Festus; and since he wanted to grant the Jews a favor, Felix left Paul in prison.
25Three days after Festus had arrived in the province, he went up from Caesarea to Jerusalem 2where the chief priests and the leaders of the Jews gave him a report against Paul. They appealed to him 3and requested, as a favor to them against Paul, to have him transferred to Jerusalem. They were, in fact, planning an ambush to kill him along the way. 4Festus replied that Paul was being kept at Caesarea, and that he himself intended to go there shortly. 5So, he said, let those of you who have the authority come down with me, and if there is anything wrong about the man, let them accuse him. 6After he had stayed among them not more than eight or ten days, he went down to Caesarea; the next day he took his seat on the tribunal and ordered Paul to be brought. 7When he arrived, the Jews who had gone down from Jerusalem surrounded him, bringing many serious charges against him, which they could not prove. 8Paul said in his defense, I have in no way committed an offense against the law of the Jews, or against the temple, or against the emperor. 9But Festus, wishing to do the Jews a favor, asked Paul, Do you wish to go up to Jerusalem and be tried there before me on these charges? 10Paul said, I am appealing to the emperors tribunal; this is where I should be tried. I have done no wrong to the Jews, as you very well know. 11Now if I am in the wrong and have committed something for which I deserve to die, I am not trying to escape death; but if there is nothing to their charges against me, no one can turn me over to them. I appeal to the emperor. 12Then Festus, after he had conferred with his council, replied, You have appealed to the emperor; to the emperor you will go.
13After several days had passed, King Agrippa and Bernice arrived at Caesarea to welcome Festus. 14Since they were staying there several days, Festus laid Pauls case before the king, saying, There is a man here who was left in prison by Felix. 15When I was in Jerusalem, the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed me about him and asked for a sentence against him. 16I told them that it was not the custom of the Romans to hand over anyone before the accused had met the accusers face to face and had been given an opportunity to make a defense against the charge. 17So when they met here, I lost no time, but on the next day took my seat on the tribunal and ordered the man to be brought. 18When the accusers stood up, they did not charge him with any of the crimes that I was expecting. 19Instead they had certain points of disagreement with him about their own religion and about a certain Jesus, who had died, but whom Paul asserted to be alive. 20Since I was at a loss how to investigate these questions, I asked whether he wished to go to Jerusalem and be tried there on these charges. 21But when Paul had appealed to be kept in custody for the decision of his Imperial Majesty, I ordered him to be held until I could send him to the emperor. 22Agrippa said to Festus, I would like to hear the man myself. Tomorrow, he said, you will hear him. 23So on the next day Agrippa and Bernice came with great pomp, and they entered the audience hall with the military tribunes and the prominent men of the city. Then Festus gave the order and Paul was brought in. 24And Festus said, King Agrippa and all here present with us, you see this man about whom the whole Jewish community petitioned me, both in Jerusalem and here, shouting that he ought not to live any longer. 25But I found that he had done nothing deserving death; and when he appealed to his Imperial Majesty, I decided to send him. 26But I have nothing definite to write to our sovereign about him. Therefore I have brought him before all of you, and especially before you, King Agrippa, so that, after we have examined him, I may have something to write 27for it seems to me unreasonable to send a prisoner without indicating the charges against him.
26Agrippa said to Paul, You have permission to speak for yourself. Then Paul stretched out his hand and began to defend himself: 2I consider myself fortunate that it is before you, King Agrippa, I am to make my defense today against all the accusations of the Jews, 3because you are especially familiar with all the customs and controversies of the Jews; therefore I beg of you to listen to me patiently. 4All the Jews know my way of life from my youth, a life spent from the beginning among my own people and in Jerusalem. 5They have known for a long time, if they are willing to testify, that I have belonged to the strictest sect of our religion and lived as a Pharisee. 6And now I stand here on trial on account of my hope in the promise made by God to our ancestors, 7a promise that our twelve tribes hope to attain, as they earnestly worship day and night. It is for this hope, your Excellency, that I am accused by Jews! 8Why is it thought incredible by any of you that God raises the dead? 9Indeed, I myself was convinced that I ought to do many things against the name of Jesus of Nazareth. 10And that is what I did in Jerusalem; with authority received from the chief priests, I not only locked up many of the saints in prison, but I also cast my vote against them when they were being condemned to death. 11By punishing them often in all the synagogues I tried to force them to blaspheme; and since I was so furiously enraged at them, I pursued them even to foreign cities.
12With this in mind, I was traveling to Damascus with the authority and commission of the chief priests, 13when at midday along the road, your Excellency, I saw a light from heaven, brighter than the sun, shining around me and my companions. 14When we had all fallen to the ground, I heard a voice saying to me in the Hebrew language, Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me? It hurts you to kick against the goads. 15I asked, Who are you, Lord? The Lord answered, I am Jesus whom you are persecuting. 16But get up and stand on your feet; for I have appeared to you for this purpose, to appoint you to serve and testify to the things in which you have seen me and to those in which I will appear to you. 17I will rescue you from your people and from the Gentilesto whom I am sending you 18to open their eyes so that they may turn from darkness to light and from the power of Satan to God, so that they may receive forgiveness of sins and a place among those who are sanctified by faith in me. 19After that, King Agrippa, I was not disobedient to the heavenly vision, 20but declared first to those in Damascus, then in Jerusalem and throughout the countryside of Judea, and also to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God and do deeds consistent with repentance. 21For this reason the Jews seized me in the temple and tried to kill me. 22To this day I have had help from God, and so I stand here, testifying to both small and great, saying nothing but what the prophets and Moses said would take place: 23that the Messiah must suffer, and that, by being the first to rise from the dead, he would proclaim light both to our people and to the Gentiles.
24While he was making this defense, Festus exclaimed, You are out of your mind, Paul! Too much learning is driving you insane! 25But Paul said, I am not out of my mind, most excellent Festus, but I am speaking the sober truth. 26Indeed the king knows about these things, and to him I speak freely; for I am certain that none of these things has escaped his notice, for this was not done in a corner. 27King Agrippa, do you believe the prophets? I know that you believe. 28Agrippa said to Paul, Are you so quickly persuading me to become a Christian? 29Paul replied, Whether quickly or not, I pray to God that not only you but also all who are listening to me today might become such as I amexcept for these chains. 30Then the king got up, and with him the governor and Bernice and those who had been seated with them; 31and as they were leaving, they said to one another, This man is doing nothing to deserve death or imprisonment. 32Agrippa said to Festus, This man could have been set free if he had not appealed to the emperor.
27When it was decided that we were to sail for Italy, they transferred Paul and some other prisoners to a centurion of the Augustan Cohort, named Julius. 2Embarking on a ship of Adramyttium that was about to set sail to the ports along the coast of Asia, we put to sea, accompanied by Aristarchus, a Macedonian from Thessalonica. 3The next day we put in at Sidon; and Julius treated Paul kindly, and allowed him to go to his friends to be cared for. 4Putting out to sea from there, we sailed under the lee of Cyprus, because the winds were against us. 5After we had sailed across the sea that is off Cilicia and Pamphylia, we came to Myra in Lycia. 6There the centurion found an Alexandrian ship bound for Italy and put us on board. 7We sailed slowly for a number of days and arrived with difficulty off Cnidus, and as the wind was against us, we sailed under the lee of Crete off Salmone. 8Sailing past it with difficulty, we came to a place called Fair Havens, near the city of Lasea. 9Since much time had been lost and sailing was now dangerous, because even the Fast had already gone by, Paul advised them, 10saying, Sirs, I can see that the voyage will be with danger and much heavy loss, not only of the cargo and the ship, but also of our lives. 11But the centurion paid more attention to the pilot and to the owner of the ship than to what Paul said.
12Since the harbor was not suitable for spending the winter, the majority was in favor of putting to sea from there, on the chance that somehow they could reach Phoenix, where they could spend the winter. It was a harbor of Crete, facing southwest and northwest. 13When a moderate south wind began to blow, they thought they could achieve their purpose; so they weighed anchor and began to sail past Crete, close to the shore. 14But soon a violent wind, called the northeaster, rushed down from Crete. 15Since the ship was caught and could not be turned head-on into the wind, we gave way to it and were driven. 16By running under the lee of a small island called Cauda we were scarcely able to get the ships boat under control. 17After hoisting it up they took measures to undergird the ship; then, fearing that they would run on the Syrtis, they lowered the sea anchor and so were driven. 18We were being pounded by the storm so violently that on the next day they began to throw the cargo overboard, 19and on the third day with their own hands they threw the ships tackle overboard. 20When neither sun nor stars appeared for many days, and no small tempest raged, all hope of our being saved was at last abandoned.
21Since they had been without food for a long time, Paul then stood up among them and said, Men, you should have listened to me and not have set sail from Crete and thereby avoided this damage and loss. 22I urge you now to keep up your courage, for there will be no loss of life among you, but only of the ship. 23For last night there stood by me an angel of the God to whom I belong and whom I worship, 24and he said, Do not be afraid, Paul; you must stand before the emperor; and indeed, God has granted safety to all those who are sailing with you. 25So keep up your courage, men, for I have faith in God that it will be exactly as I have been told. 26But we will have to run aground on some island. 27When the fourteenth night had come, as we were drifting across the sea of Adria, about midnight the sailors suspected that they were nearing land. 28So they took soundings and found twenty fathoms; a little farther on they took soundings again and found fifteen fathoms. 29Fearing that we might run on the rocks, they let down four anchors from the stern and prayed for day to come. 30But when the sailors tried to escape from the ship and had lowered the boat into the sea, on the pretext of putting out anchors from the bow, 31Paul said to the centurion and the soldiers, Unless these men stay in the ship, you cannot be saved. 32Then the soldiers cut away the ropes of the boat and set it adrift. 33Just before daybreak, Paul urged all of them to take some food, saying, Today is the fourteenth day that you have been in suspense and remaining without food, having eaten nothing. 34Therefore I urge you to take some food, for it will help you survive; for none of you will lose a hair from your heads. 35After he had said this, he took bread; and giving thanks to God in the presence of all, he broke it and began to eat. 36Then all of them were encouraged and took food for themselves. 37(We were in all two hundred seventy-six persons in the ship.) 38After they had satisfied their hunger, they lightened the ship by throwing the wheat into the sea. 39In the morning they did not recognize the land, but they noticed a bay with a beach, on which they planned to run the ship ashore, if they could. 40So they cast off the anchors and left them in the sea. At the same time they loosened the ropes that tied the steering-oars; then hoisting the foresail to the wind, they made for the beach. 41But striking a reef, they ran the ship aground; the bow stuck and remained immovable, but the stern was being broken up by the force of the waves. 42The soldiers plan was to kill the prisoners, so that none might swim away and escape; 43but the centurion, wishing to save Paul, kept them from carrying out their plan. He ordered those who could swim to jump overboard first and make for the land, 44and the rest to follow, some on planks and others on pieces of the ship. And so it was that all were brought safely to land.
28After we had reached safety, we then learned that the island was called Malta. 2The natives showed us unusual kindness. Since it had begun to rain and was cold, they kindled a fire and welcomed all of us around it. 3Paul had gathered a bundle of brushwood and was putting it on the fire, when a viper, driven out by the heat, fastened itself on his hand. 4When the natives saw the creature hanging from his hand, they said to one another, This man must be a murderer; though he has escaped from the sea, justice has not allowed him to live. 5He, however, shook off the creature into the fire and suffered no harm. 6They were expecting him to swell up or drop dead, but after they had waited a long time and saw that nothing unusual had happened to him, they changed their minds and began to say that he was a god. 7Now in the neighborhood of that place were lands belonging to the leading man of the island, named Publius, who received us and entertained us hospitably for three days. 8It so happened that the father of Publius lay sick in bed with fever and dysentery. Paul visited him and cured him by praying and putting his hands on him. 9After this happened, the rest of the people on the island who had diseases also came and were cured. 10They bestowed many honors on us, and when we were about to sail, they put on board all the provisions we needed.
11Three months later we set sail on a ship that had wintered at the island, an Alexandrian ship with the Twin Brothers as its figurehead. 12We put in at Syracuse and stayed there for three days; 13then we weighed anchor and came to Rhegium. After one day there a south wind sprang up, and on the second day we came to Puteoli. 14There we found believers and were invited to stay with them for seven days. And so we came to Rome. 15The believers from there, when they heard of us, came as far as the Forum of Appius and Three Taverns to meet us. On seeing them, Paul thanked God and took courage. 16When we came into Rome, Paul was allowed to live by himself, with the soldier who was guarding him.
17Three days later he called together the local leaders of the Jews. When they had assembled, he said to them, Brothers, though I had done nothing against our people or the customs of our ancestors, yet I was arrested in Jerusalem and handed over to the Romans. 18When they had examined me, the Romans wanted to release me, because there was no reason for the death penalty in my case. 19But when the Jews objected, I was compelled to appeal to the emperoreven though I had no charge to bring against my nation. 20For this reason therefore I have asked to see you and speak with you, since it is for the sake of the hope of Israel that I am bound with this chain. 21They replied, We have received no letters from Judea about you, and none of the brothers coming here has reported or spoken anything evil about you. 22But we would like to hear from you what you think, for with regard to this sect we know that everywhere it is spoken against.
23After they had set a day to meet with him, they came to him at his lodgings in great numbers. From morning until evening he explained the matter to them, testifying to the kingdom of God and trying to convince them about Jesus both from the law of Moses and from the prophets. 24Some were convinced by what he had said, while others refused to believe. 25So they disagreed with each other; and as they were leaving, Paul made one further statement: The Holy Spirit was right in saying to your ancestors through the prophet Isaiah, 26Go to this people and say, You will indeed listen, but never understand, and you will indeed look, but never perceive. 27For this peoples heart has grown dull, and their ears are hard of hearing, and they have shut their eyes; so that they might not look with their eyes, and listen with their ears, and understand with their heart and turn and I would heal them. 28Let it be known to you then that this salvation of God has been sent to the Gentiles; they will listen.
30He lived there two whole years at his own expense and welcomed all who came to him, 31proclaiming the kingdom of God and teaching about the Lord Jesus Christ with all boldness and without hindrance.
33He inflicted a massive defeat on them from Aroer to the neighborhood of Minnith, twenty towns, and as far as Abel-keramim. So the Ammonites were subdued before the people of Israel.
22Their enrollment, counting all the males from a month old and upward, was seven thousand five hundred.
green roof design announcing the green roof award winner green roofs ecological design and construction earth pledge.
green roofs ecological design and construction solution or a garden overhead pdf oak roof designs,incredible green roof designs oak design details roofs ecological and construction 2005,bronx design and construction academy green roof loads stunning sustainable works of architecture,fll green roof design guidelines designs loads market analysis growth by top companies trends,den technology green roofs at steeper pitches roof designs for houses pdf fll design guidelines,green roof design details roofs ecological and construction earth pledge uk sustainable theory of,green roof designs california grand roofs the challenge series,green roof design details guide massive acre planned for sika,green roof designs pdf technology service roofs ecological design and construction details,green roof designs california art school in roofs ecological design and construction earth pledge guide.
get lawn care service in tn from music city pros today ,lawn care in tn , lawn maintenance tn, lawn care landscaping,police warn of lawn care scams , lawn care pure green, lawn care tn, archives page 2 of, landscaping gardening,lawn care services 1 .
Apologies, but no results were found for the requested archive. Perhaps searching will help find a related post.
Our Japan-based online store www.biginjap.com specializes in Japanese entertainment products (figures, goods, artbooks, etc).
We are pleased to offer you exclusive items not available on the traditional Japanese distribution circuit.
If you have any question, suggestion or comment, you can contact us using the address contact@biginjap.com.
From September 1, Japan Post has started to enforce increasingly stringent rules regarding items that may or may not be shipped overseas. ...
It has been 3 months and a half since all forms of SAL have been suspended for France, Spain and the Netherlands. Since the situation is ...
Size : 11 cm Material : resin Manufactured by Metal Box Note : this product is a garage kit requiring manual assembly and painting (a...
Since we are faced with an increasing number of parcels arriving to our facilities without a ticket to match them, and that sometimes lie a...
this is the perfect kit for the xj, these coils are awesome! The ride is like a Cadillac on the highway and an epic rock crawler on the trails. Every part is surprisingly beefy and heavy duty.
Name (A-to-Z) Name (Z-to-A) Price (Low-to-High) Price (High-to-Low) SKU (Low-to-High) SKU (High-to-Low) Weight (Low-to-High) Weight (High-to-Low) Width (Low-to-High) Width (High-to-Low) Height (Low-to-High) Height (High-to-Low) Depth (Low-to-High) Depth (High-to-Low) Latest First Oldest First Randomly Manufacturer (A-to-Z) Manufacturer (Z-to-A) Availability Date (Near-to-Far) Availability Date (Far-to-Near)
The answers are defined briefly in easy language and nevertheless make quite an impact thats clean to understand and comply with. I took the help of bigdiscountsales Q&A and passed my 9L0-623 exam with a healthful score of 69. thanks tobigdiscountsales Q&A. I would love to suggest in desire of bigdiscountsales Q&A for the practise of 9L0-623 exam
inside the wake of trying a few aids, I at final halted at Dumps and it contained specific solutions delivered in a primarymanner that become exactly what I required. i used to be struggling with with topics, when my examination 9L0-623 changed into simplest 10 day away. i used to be scared that i would no longer have the potential to attain passing rating the basebypass imprints. I at ultimate surpassed with 78% marks without a whole lot inconvenience.
Being a community professional, I perception appearing for 9L0-623 examination could absolutely assist me in my profession. But, due totime restrains preparation for the examination have become genuinely tough for me. I used to be looking for a look atguide that can make matters better for me. bigdiscountsales Q&A dumps worked like wonders for me as that is a scientificanswer for additonal detailed check. Unexpectedly, with its help, I controlled to finish the exam in most effective 70 minutes that is clearly a shocking. Thanks to bigdiscountsales materials.
Hiya friends! Gotta pass the 9L0-623 examination and no time for studies Dont fear. I can solve year problem in case u believe me. I had similar situation as time have become brief. Text books didnt assist. So, I searched for an easy soln and got one with the bigdiscountsales. Their question & solution worked so properly for me. Helped easy the ideas and mug the hard ones. Discovered all questions equal because the manual and scored well. Very helpful stuff, bigdiscountsales.
Remarkable 9L0-623 stuff, 9L0-623 valid questions, 9L0-623 correct answers. Expert exam simulator. I used to be relieved to observethat this schooling percent. Has essential facts, genuinely what I had to realize to skip this exam. I hate whilst they are trying to promote you things you dont want in the first vicinity. This wasnt the case despite the fact that, I had been given exactly what I needed, and that is validated by using the fact that I passed this 9L0-623 exam ultimate week, with a nearly best score. With this exam experience, bigdiscountsales has obtained my consider for years yet to come.
At ultimate, my score ninety% was extra than choice. At the point when the exam 9L0-623 turned intohandiest 1 week away, my making plans changed into in an indiscriminate situation. I expected that id need to retake in the occasion of disappointment to get 80% skip imprints. Taking after a partners recommendation, i purchased the Q&A from bigdiscountsales and will take a slight arrangement via commonly composed substance.
I surpassed. Proper, the examination emerge as tough, so I definitely got beyond it as a consequence of bigdiscountsales Q&A and examSimulator. Im upbeat to document that I surpassed the 9L0-623 exam and function as of past due obtained my declaration. The framework inquiries have been the issue i used to be maximum harassed over, so I invested hours honing on thebigdiscountsales exam simulator. It beyond any doubt helped, as consolidated with awesome segments.
Pretty useful. It helped me pass 9L0-623 , specifically the exam simulator. Im glad i was organized for those tricks. Thanks bigdiscountsales.
After some weeks of 9L0-623 coaching with this bigdiscountsales set, I surpassed the 9L0-623 examination. I have to admit, i am relieved to head awayit behind, yet happy that i found bigdiscountsales to assist me get through this exam. The questions and answers they consist ofwithin the package are correct. The solutions are right, and the questions were taken from the real 9L0-623 examination, and i had been given them whilst taking the exam. It made subjects hundreds simpler, and i were given a rating rather higherthan I had hoped for.
The crew in the back of bigdiscountsales should severely pat their again for a process well accomplished! I havent any doubts whilst pronouncing that with bigdiscountsales, theres no risk that you dont get to be a 9L0-623. honestly recommending it to the others and all the great for the destiny you guys! What a exquisite examine time has it been with the aid fabric for 9L0-623 to be had at the internet site. You had been like a friend, a true friend certainly.
This killexams.com from helped me get my 9L0-623 companion affirmation. Their substances are in reality beneficial, and the examination simulator is sincerely superb, it completely reproduces the exam. topics are clear very without problems the usage of the killexams.com examine fabric. The examination itself was unpredictable, so Im blissful I appliedkillexams.com Q&A. Their packs spread all that I need, and that i wont get any unsavory shocks amid your exam. Thanx men.
i used to be now not equipped to recognize the points nicely. in any case resulting from my partner killexams.com Questions & solutions who bailed me to depart this trepidation by fitting query and answers to allude; I efficaciously endeavored 87 questions in eighty minutes and passed it. killexams.com in fact turned out to be my actual associate. As and when the examination dates of 9L0-623 have been forthcoming nearer, i used to be getting to be anxious and apprehensive. a great deal appreciated killexams.com.
The fine IT examination prep i have ever come upon. definitely my 9L0-623 exam is in some days, however I feel so equippedand reassured, particularly now that Ive read all of the fantastic critiques here. The testing engine seems to be very helpful, its clean to consider questions and answers, plus, in case you keep going via them time after time, you startseeing a larger picture and understand the principles higher. to date, Ive had outstanding revel in with Killexams!
To ensure the fulfillment inside the 9L0-623 exam, I sought help from the killexams.Com. I decided on it for numerous motives: their evaluation at the 9L0-623 examination principles and rules become outstanding, the fabric is truely consumer first-rate, exceptional exceptional and really ingenious. Most importantly, Dumps removed all of the troubles on the related topics. Your fabric provided beneficiant contribution to my training and enabled me to be successful. I can firmly united states that it helped me attain my achievement.
killexams.com has top products for students because these are designed for those students who are interested in the preparation of 9L0-623 certification. It was great decision because 9L0-623 exam engine has excellent study contents that are easy to understand in short period of time. I am grateful to the great team because this helped me in my career development. It helped me to understand how to answer all important questions to get maximum scores. It was great decision that made me fan of killexams. I have decided to come back one more time.
The inquiries are valid. basically indistinguishable to the 9L0-623 exam which I passed in just 30 minutes of the time. If notindistinguishable, a extremely good deal of stuff could be very an awful lot alike, so that you can conquer it supplied for you had invested enough making plans energy. i used to be a bit cautious; however killexams.com Q&A and examSimulator has became out to be a strong hotspot for examination readiness illumination. Profoundly proposed. thank youso much.
i have been the usage of the killexams.com for some time to all my checks. last week, I surpassed with a fantastic score within the 9L0-623 exam by means of the usage of the Q&A observe resources. I had some doubts on topics, but the fabric cleared all my doubts. ive without problems determined the solution for all my doubts and issues. thanks for providing me the strong and dependable fabric. its miles the high-quality product as I recognise.
I surpassed the 9L0-623 examination and quite recommend killexams.com to each person who considers buying their substances. this is a totally legitimate and dependable guidance device, a superb alternative for folks that can not have the funds for signing up for full-time guides (thats a waste of time and money in case you inquire from me! specifically if you have Killexams). if you have been thinking, the questions are actual!
As i am into the IT field, the 9L0-623 exam changed into critical for me to expose up, yet time barriers made it overwhelming for me to work well. I alluded to the killexams.com Dumps with 2 weeks to strive for the exam. I discovered how to complete all the inquiries well below due time. The easy to retain solutions make it well less complicated to get geared up. It labored like a whole reference aide and i used to be flabbergasted with the result.
I could advocate this question financial institution as a should must every person whos making ready for the 9L0-623 exam. It became very helpful in getting an idea as to what form of questions were coming and which areas to cognizance. The practice test provided became additionally awesome in getting a feeling of what to anticipate on examination day. As for the answers keys provided, it became of brilliant assist in recollecting what I had learnt and the explanations provided were smooth to understand and definately delivered cost to my idea at the problem.
Apples little laptop computing device is not any longer just a punchline. today the company took the wraps off a revamped Mac Mini, replacing its underpowered parts with new, 8th technology Intel quad- and 6-core processors options, as much as 64GB of memory, as much as a 2TB SSD, a T2 security chip, 10GB ethernet, and 4 Thunderbolt three ports. With the improvements, Apple is bumping its longstanding $500 starting price as much as $800but you gainedt locate face-melting specs without paying much more.
sure, youll nonetheless should convey your personal display, keyboard, and mouse. And yes which you could, uh, get it in area grey now. At $800, the bottom model will come with 8GB of reminiscence, a 3.6GHz quad-core i3 processor, and 128GB of SSD storage.
The Mini changed into originally designed to win over new converts to OS X (now macOS) with the first sub-$500 Mac. last revamped eons in the past, in October 2014, it grew to become a husk for outdated guts that no one, absolutely no person in their right mind had any company recommending to a family member. by using the end of its run, the newest incarnation seemed designed to push consumers during this finances far from Apple, towards better offers from organizations like Dell and HP.
Apple is billing the new Mini as five times sooner general with 60 % quicker images. Itll be accessible on November 7.
At Apples a lot to cover special adventure these days, the business paraded out an hour and a halfs worth of recent products and updates, together with the unlock of OS X Mavericks, the brand new iPad Air and iPad Mini, Mac seasoned, updated 13 and 15-inch MacBooks, and an updated suite of iLife apps.
OS X MavericksThe operating system is free, and its purchasable these days. Apple senior vice president of utility engineering Craig Federighi prefaced the unlock with, This one is a doozy.
available with a single-step improve from Snow Leopard, Lion, Mountain Lion or any MacBook dating returned to 2007, Mavericks has a slew of new facets. Its new compressed memory feature allocates images reminiscence in keeping with utilization to optimize performance. The skill enables 6GB of records to fit into 4GB of gadget RAM.
Mavericks OpenCL makes use of reminiscence sharing to circulation tasks working on the CPU to the GPU, taking advantage of the GPUs more suitable computing vigor to finished tasks 1.8x quicker, and 2x faster for photograph initiatives.
In Safari, Mavericks introduces more suitable notifications, enabling clients to respond inside the pop-up bubble without leaving an utility. It also adds web page notifications when new content material is posted. the new Safari accurate sites view generates a feed of shared links from followed clients on social networks corresponding to LinkedIn and Twitter.
Theres also a brand new reader view, enabling user-accelerated scrolling without delay from one article to the next devoid of clicking out.
the way to Revisit every version of Mac OS X from your Browser | killexams.com Real Questions and Pass4sure dumps
The Aqua GUI in Apples working programs has gone through a spectacular evolution when you consider that March of 2000, when it discovered its method into OS X 10.0, and also you could be stunned at simply how distinctive everything looks now. thanks to the newly launched Aqua Screenshot Library, that you can revisit every edition of OS X (and macOS) during the years and view the gradual evolution of Apples operating equipmentall from your browser.
The massive gallery is the newest work by using 512 Pixels, a web library that attempts to retain tabs on all things Apple (including the Macs many wallpapers). The Aqua Screenshot Library, as creator Stephen Hackett notes, provides a comprehensive seem on the historical past of Apples working methods, which covers its jump to from bulkier CRTs to compact, LED-backlit displays; Apples numerous font adjustments over the years; and Apples flow from disc-based mostly working systems to (free) digital downloads.
March 24, 2001, marked the primary reliable unlock of the Mac OS X working equipment, following a public beta the year before. Hackett notes that its 128MB reminiscence requirement changed into greater than most Mac users had of their techniques at the time. This result in many complaints concerning the OSs slow efficiency and excessive aid demand. The Cheetah interface retained the pin-striped menu and window design from the beta, but it surely started the tom cat-based mostly naming trend which might remaining up to version 10.eight, Mountain Lion.
The closing months of 2007 introduced some huge alterations to OS X. The release of Leopard noticed Aqua take on a a good deal more streamlined look, with all windows now defaulting to a single, fundamental gray design, as well because the debut of a redesigned Finder tool. ahead of this, distinctive appsand diverse versions of OS Xhad distinct UI designs (for enhanced or worse). With Leopards unencumber, OS X all started to look more uniform. most importantly, it changed into the first version to encompass these rad, house-based mostly backgrounds.
Mountain Lion was the primary version of OS X to arrive after Steve Jobs demise, and it concentrated on aligning Mac computers with the late CEOs other major contribution to the tech trade: the iPhone. The 2011 OS X update, Mac OS X Lion (10.7), kicked off Apples merging of iOS aesthetics into OS X, and the company doubled down with Mountain Lion. equipment and applications were renamed after iOS points, and Apple introduced some small visual and enter changes to bridge the two operating systems even closer collectivelyin vogue, at the least.
Mavericks turned into a tremendous company pivot for Apple, because it changed into the primary version of the OS the company released without charge, offered to clients as an upgrade by way of the App keep in October 2013. Apple hasnt long gone lower back to paid working techniques considering the fact thatfortunately. Mavericks became also the primary edition of OS X to make use of non-pussycat nomenclature. It additionally ditched the galactic background theme for California landscapes, which we are able to all agree turned into a huge blunder. appropriate?
edition 10.12 of Apples operating gadget for the Mac is most is extraordinary for its massive rebranding. Apple dropped the OS X identify absolutely during this liberate, as a substitute calling its operating system macOS to align it the enterprises operating techniques on different platforms: iOS, watchOS, and tvOS.
browsing the Aqua Screenshot Library is a fun manner to look just how a long way macOS has come, specially to see how Apples design priorities change between the predominant releases. although, the Aqua Screenshot gallery is just one of 512 Pixels many projects to take a look at. be certain to poke around the other Apple-themed collections Hackett has assembled through the years, too, including the staggering 512 Pixels YouTube channel.
While it is hard errand to pick solid certification questions/answers assets regarding review, reputation and validity since individuals get sham because of picking incorrectly benefit. Killexams.com ensure to serve its customers best to its assets as for exam dumps update and validity. The greater part of other's sham report objection customers come to us for the brain dumps and pass their exams cheerfully and effortlessly. We never bargain on our review, reputation and quality because killexams review, killexams reputation and killexams customer certainty is imperative to us. Extraordinarily we deal with killexams.com review, killexams.com reputation, killexams.com sham report grievance, killexams.com trust, killexams.com validity, killexams.com report and killexams.com scam. On the off chance that you see any false report posted by our rivals with the name killexams sham report grievance web, killexams.com sham report, killexams.com scam, killexams.com protestation or something like this, simply remember there are constantly terrible individuals harming reputation of good administrations because of their advantages. There are a great many fulfilled clients that pass their exams utilizing killexams.com brain dumps, killexams PDF questions, killexams rehearse questions, killexams exam simulator. Visit Killexams.com, our example questions and test brain dumps, our exam simulator and you will realize that killexams.com is the best brain dumps site.
killexams.com is a dependable and sincere platform who provide 9L0-623 exam questions with 100% pass guarantee. You need to exercise questions for a day at least to score properly inside the exam. Your actual journey to pass in 9L0-623 exam, surely starts offevolved with killexams.com exam exercise questions this is the awesome and established source of your targeted role.
Apple 9L0-623 Exam has given a new direction to the IT industry. It is now required to certify as the platform which leads to a brighter future. But you need to put extreme effort in Apple Mac OS X Deployment 10.6 exam, beAs there is no escape out of reading. But killexams.com have made your work easier, now your exam preparation for 9L0-623 Mac OS X Deployment 10.6 is not tough anymore. Click http://killexams.com/pass4sure/exam-detail/9L0-623 killexams.com is a reliable and trustworthy platform who provides 9L0-623 exam questions with 100% success guarantee. You need to practice questions for one day at least to score well in the exam. Your real journey to success in 9L0-623 exam, actually starts with killexams.com exam practice questions that is the excellent and verified source of your targeted position. killexams.com Huge Discount Coupons and Promo Codes are as under;
if you are scanning for 9L0-623 Practice Test containing Real Test Questions, you are at rectify put. killexams.com have amassed database of questions from Actual Exams remembering the ultimate objective to empower you to plan and pass your exam on the fundamental attempt. All arrangement materials on the site are Up To Date and verified by our authorities.
killexams.com give latest and updated Pass4sure Practice Test with Actual Exam Questions and Answers for new syllabus of Apple 9L0-623 Exam. Practice our Real Questions and Answers to Improve your insight and pass your exam with High Marks. We guarantee your accomplishment in the Test Center, covering each one of the subjects of exam and enhance your Knowledge of the 9L0-623 exam. Pass with no uncertainty with our correct questions.
Our 9L0-623 Exam PDF contains Complete Pool of Questions and Answers and Dumps verified and certified including references and clarifications (where material). Our goal to gather the Questions and Answers isn't just to pass the exam at first attempt anyway Really Improve Your Knowledge about the 9L0-623 exam focuses.
9L0-623 exam Questions and Answers are Printable in High Quality Study Guide that you can download in your Computer or some other device and start setting up your 9L0-623 exam. Print Complete 9L0-623 Study Guide, pass on with you when you are at Vacations or Traveling and Enjoy your Exam Prep. You can get to updated 9L0-623 Exam Q&A from your online record at whatever point.
Download your Mac OS X Deployment 10.6 Study Guide instantly after buying and Start Preparing Your Exam Prep Right Now!
Developer Avatron Software has released a two-piece utility that allows anyone who uses an iPhone and a Mac to deploy Siri Dictation on Mac OS X. The only catch is that you really need the new iPhone 4S model which features the Siri assistant.
The benefit here is to get Siri Dictation working on your Mac: Like Siri on your iPhone 4S? You'll like it even more on your Mac, says Avatron. With Air Dictate, you can enter text on your computer by talking into your iPhone 4S. It's that simple.
So, for instance, if you want to dictate text into Mail, Pages, Microsoft Word, and even Apples own TextEdit app, all you need is the Air Dictate app on your iPhone 4S and the Air Dictate Receiver app on your Mac. From there on, just pair the two and start talking.
According to the developer, speech will get converted into text and appear automatically in the text field on your Mac, just as if you had typed it using your keyboard.
To avoid any confusion (that may rise on the part of drooling iDevice owners hoping this is some kind of hack that puts Siri on their older iPhones), Air Dictate runs only on an iPhone 4S, and requires iOS 5.0. The app costs $0.99 (0.79 EUR).
Air Dictate Receiver requires a Mac running at least Mac OS X 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard) and is free to download.
Air Dictate is only the most recent application in Avatron Softwares portfolio, which includes such titles as Air Display, Air Sharing, and Print Sharing.
Visit the company here to check out all their offerings, or visit the links below to get your dictation on right now.
In June of 2004, during the WWDC keynote address, Steve Jobs revealed Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger to developers and the public for the first time. When the finished product arrived in April of 2005, Tiger was the biggest, most important, most feature-packed release in the history of Mac OS X by a wide margin. Apple's marketing campaign reflected this, touting "over 150 new features."
All those new features took time. Since its introduction in 2001, there had been at least one major release of Mac OS X each year. Tiger took over a year and a half to arrive. At the time, it definitely seemed worth the wait. Tiger was a hit with users and developers. Apple took the lesson to heart and quickly set expectations for the next major release of Mac OS X, Leopard. Through various channels, Apple communicated its intention to move from a 12-month to an 18-month release cycle for Mac OS X. Leopard was officially scheduled for "spring 2007."
Apple even went so far as to list all 300 new features on its website. As it turns out, "spring" was a bit optimistic. Leopard actually shipped at the end of October 2007, nearly two and a half years after Tiger. Did Leopard really have twice as many new features as Tiger? That's debatable. What's certain is that Leopard included a solid crop of new features and technologies, many of which we now take for granted. (For example, have you had a discussion with a potential Mac user since the release of Leopard without mentioning Time Machine? I certainly haven't.)
Mac OS X appeared to be maturing. The progression was clear: longer release cycles, more features. What would Mac OS X 10.6 be like? Would it arrive three and a half years after Leopard? Would it and include 500 new features? A thousand?
At WWDC 2009, Bertrand Serlet announced a move that he described as "unprecedented" in the PC industry.
That's right, the next major release of Mac OS X would have no new features. The product name reflected this: "Snow Leopard." Mac OS X 10.6 would merely be a variant of Leopard. Better, faster, more refined, more... uh... snowy.
This was a risky strategy for Apple. After the rapid-fire updates of 10.1, 10.2, and 10.3 followed by the riot of new features and APIs in 10.4 and 10.5, could Apple really get away with calling a "time out?" I imagine Bertrand was really sweating this announcement up on the stage at WWDC in front of a live audience of Mac developers. Their reaction? Spontaneous applause. There were even a few hoots and whistles.
Many of these same developers applauded the "150+ new features" in Tiger and the "300 new features" in Leopard at past WWDCs. Now they were applauding zero new features for Snow Leopard? What explains this?
It probably helps to know that the "0 New Features" slide came at the end of an hour-long presentation detailing the major new APIs and technologies in Snow Leopard. It was also quickly followed by a back-pedaling ("well, there is one new feature...") slide describing the addition of Microsoft Exchange support. In isolation, "no new features" may seem to imply stagnation. In context, however, it served as a developer-friendly affirmation.
The overall message from Apple to developers was something like this: "We're adding a ton of new things to Mac OS X that will help you write better applications and make your existing code run faster, and we're going to make sure that all this new stuff is rock-solid and as bug-free as possible. We're not going to overextend ourselves adding a raft of new customer-facing, marketing-friendly features. Instead, we're going to concentrate 100% on the things that affect you, the developers."
But if Snow Leopard is a love letter to developers, is it a Dear John letter to users? You know, those people that the marketing department might so crudely refer to as "customers." What's in it for them? Believe it or not, the sales pitch to users is actually quite similar. As exhausting as it has been for developers to keep up with Apple's seemingly never-ending stream of new APIs, it can be just as taxing for customers to stay on top of Mac OS X's features. Expos, a new Finder, Spotlight, a new Dock, Time Machine, a new Finder again, a new iLife and iWork almost every year, and on and on. And as much as developers hate bugs in Apple's APIs, users who experience those bugs as application crashes have just as much reason to be annoyed.
Enter Snow Leopard: the release where we all get a break from the new-features/new-bugs treadmill of Mac OS X development. That's the pitch.
But wait a second, didn't I just mention an "hour-long presentation" about Snow Leopard featuring "major new APIs and technologies?" When speaking to developers, Apple's message of "no new features" is another way of saying "no new bugs." Snow Leopard is supposed to fix old bugs without introducing new ones. But nothing says "new bugs, coming right up" quite like major new APIs. So which is it?
Similarly, for users, "no new features" connotes stability and reliability. But if Snow Leopard includes enough changes to the core OS to fill an hour-long overview session at WWDC more than a year before its release, can Apple really make good on this promise? Or will users end up with all the disadvantages of a feature-packed release like Tiger or Leopardthe inevitable 10.x.0 bugs, the unfamiliar, untried new functionalitybut without any of the actual new features?
Yes, it's enough to make one quite cynical about Apple's real motivations. To throw some more fuel on the fire, have a look at the Mac OS X release timeline below. Next to each release, I've included a list of its most significant features.
That curve is taking on a decidedly droopy shape, as if it's being weighed down by the ever-increasing number of new features. (The releases are distributed uniformly on the Y axis.) Maybe you think it's reasonable for the time between releases to stretch out as each one brings a heavier load of goodies than the last, but keep in mind the logical consequence of such a curve over the longhorn haul.
And yeah, there's a little upwards kick at the end for 10.6, but remember, this is supposed to be the "no new features" release. Version 10.1 had a similar no-frills focus but took a heck of a lot less time to arrive.
Looking at this graph, it's hard not to wonder if there's something siphoning resources from the Mac OS X development effort. Maybe, say, some project that's in the first two or three major releases of its life, still in that steep, early section of its own timeline graph. Yes, I'm talking about the iPhone, specifically iPhone OS. The iPhone business has exploded onto Apple's balance sheets like no other product before, even the iPod. It's also accruing developers at an alarming rate.
It's not a stretch to imagine that many of the artists and developers who piled on the user-visible features in Mac OS X 10.4 and 10.5 have been reassigned to iPhone OS (temporarily or otherwise). After all, Mac OS X and iPhone OS share the same core operating system, the same language for GUI development, and many of the same APIs. Some workforce migration seems inevitable.
And let's not forget the "Mac OS X" technologies that we later learned were developed for the iPhone and just happened to be announced for the Mac first (because the iPhone was still a secret), like Core Animation and code signing. Such conspiracy theories certainly aren't helped by WWDC keynote snubs and other indignities suffered by Mac OS X and the Mac in general since the iPhone arrived on the scene. And so, on top of everything else, Snow Leopard is tasked with restoring some luster to Mac OS X.
Got all that? A nearly two-year development cycle, but no new features. Major new frameworks for developers, but few new bugs. Significant changes to the core OS, but more reliability. And a franchise rejuvenation with few user-visible changes.
Snow Leopard's opening overture to consumers is its price: $29 for those upgrading from Leopard. The debut release of Mac OS X 10.0 and the last four major releases have all been $129, with no special pricing for upgrades. After eight years of this kind of fiscal disciplining, Leopard users may well be tempted to stop reading right now and just go pick up a copy. Snow Leopard's upgrade price is well under the impulse purchase threshold for many people. Twenty-nine dollars plus some minimal level of faith in Apple's ability to improve the OS with each release, and boom, instant purchase.
Still here? Good, because there's something else you need to know about Snow Leopard. It's an overture of a different sort, less of a come-on and more of a spur. Snow Leopard will only run on Macs with Intel CPUs. Sorry (again), PowerPC fans, but this is the end of the line for you. The transition to Intel was announced over four years ago, and the last new PowerPC Mac was released in October 2005. It's time.
But if Snow Leopard is meant to prod the PowerPC holdouts into the Intel age, its "no new features" stance (and the accompanying lack of added visual flair) is working against it. For those running Leopard on a PowerPC-based Mac, there's precious little in Snow Leopard to help push them over the (likely) four-digit price wall of a new Mac. For PowerPC Mac owners, the threshold for a new Mac purchase remains mostly unchanged. When their old Mac breaks or seems too slow, they'll go out and buy a new one, and it'll come with Snow Leopard pre-installed.
If Snow Leopard does end up motivating new Mac purchases by PowerPC owners, it will probably be the result of resignation rather than inspiration. An Intel-only Snow Leopard is most significant for what it isn't: a further extension of PowerPC life support on the Mac platform.
The final interesting group is owners of Intel-based Macs that are still running Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger. Apple shipped Intel Macs with Tiger installed for a little over one year and nine months. Owners of these machines who never upgraded to Leopard are not eligible for the $29 upgrade to Snow Leopard. They're also apparently not eligible to purchase Snow Leopard for the traditional $129 price. Here's what Apple has to say about Snow Leopard's pricing (emphasis added).
Mac OS X version 10.6 Snow Leopard will be available as an upgrade to Mac OS X version 10.5 Leopard in September 2009 [...] The Snow Leopard single user license will be available for a suggested retail price of $29 (US) and the Snow Leopard Family Pack, a single household, five-user license, will be available for a suggested price of $49 (US). For Tiger users with an Intel-based Mac, the Mac Box Set includes Mac OS X Snow Leopard, iLife '09 and iWork '09 and will be available for a suggested price of $169 (US) and a Family Pack is available for a suggested price of $229 (US).
Ignoring the family packs for a moment, this means that Snow Leopard will either be free with your new Mac, $29 if you're already running Leopard, or $169 if you have an Intel Mac running Tiger. People upgrading from Tiger will get the latest version of iLife and iWork in the bargain (if that's the appropriate term), whether they want them or not. It sure seems like there's an obvious place in this lineup for a $129 offering of Snow Leopard on its own. Then again, perhaps it all comes down to how, exactly, Apple enforces the $29 Snow Leopard upgrade policy.
(As an aside to non-Mac users, note that the non-server version of Mac OS X has no per-user serial number and no activation scheme of any kind, and never has. "Registration" with Apple during the Mac OS X install process is entirely optional and is only used to collect demographic information. Failing to register (or entering entirely bogus registration information) has no effect on your ability to run the OS. This is considered a genuine advantage of Mac OS X, but it also means that Apple has no reliable record of who, exactly, is a "legitimate" owner of Leopard.)
One possibility was that the $29 Snow Leopard upgrade DVD would only install on top of an existing installation of Leopard. Apple has done this type of thing before, and it bypasses any proof-of-purchase annoyances. It would, however, introduce a new problem. In the event of a hard drive failure or simple decision to reinstall from scratch, owners of the $29 Snow Leopard upgrade would be forced to first install Leopard and then install Snow Leopard on top of it, perhaps more than doubling the installation timeand quintupling the annoyance.
Given Apple's history in this area, no one should have been surprised to find out that Apple chose the much simpler option: the $29 "upgrade" DVD of Snow Leopard will, in fact, install on any supported Mac, whether or not it has Leopard installed. It will even install onto an entirely empty hard drive.
To be clear, installing the $29 upgrade to Snow Leopard on a system not already running a properly licensed copy of Leopard is a violation of the end-user license agreement that comes with the product. But Apple's decision is a refreshing change: rewarding honest people with a hassle-free product rather than trying to punish dishonest people by treating everyone like a criminal. This "honor system" upgrade enforcement policy partially explains the big jump to $169 for the Mac Box Set, which ends up re-framed as an honest person's way to get iLife and iWork at their usual prices, plus Snow Leopard for $11 more.
Apple claims that Snow Leopard's installation process is "up to 45% faster." Installation times vary wildly depending on the speed, contents, and fragmentation of the target disk, the speed of the optical drive, and so on. Installation also only happens once, and it's not really an interesting process unless something goes terribly wrong. Still, if Apple's going to make such a claim, it's worth checking out.
To eliminate as many variables as possible, I installed both Leopard and Snow Leopard from one hard disk onto another (empty) one. It should be noted that this change negates some of Snow Leopard's most important installation optimizations, which are focused on reducing random data access from the optical disc.
Even with this disadvantage, the Snow Leopard installation took about 20% less time than the Leopard installation. That's well short of Apple's "up to 45%" claim, but see above (and don't forget the "up to" weasel words). Both versions installed in less than 30 minutes.
What is striking about Snow Leopard's installation is how quickly the initial Spotlight indexing process completed. Here, Snow Leopard was 74% faster in my testing. Again, the times are small (5:49 vs. 3:20) and again, new installations on empty disks are not the norm. But the shorter wait for Spotlight indexing is worth noting because it's the first indication most users will get that Snow Leopard means business when it comes to performance.
Another notable thing about installation is what's not installed by default: Rosetta, the facility that allows PowerPC binaries to run on Intel Macs. Okay Apple, we get it. PowerPC is a stiff, bereft of life. It rests in peace. It's rung down the curtain and joined the choir invisible. As far as Apple is concerned, PowerPC is an ex-ISA.
But not installing Rosetta by default? That seems a little harsh, even foolhardy. What's going to happen when all those users upgrade to Snow Leopard and then double-click what they've probably long since forgotten is a PowerPC application? Perhaps surprisingly, this is what happens:
That's what I saw when I tried to launch Disk Inventory X on Snow Leopard, an application that, yes, I had long since forgotten was PowerPC-only. After I clicked the "Install" button, I actually expected to be prompted to insert the installer DVD. Instead, Snow Leopard reached out over the network, pulled down Rosetta from an Apple server, and installed it.
No reboot was required, and Disk Inventory X launched successfully after the Rosetta installation completed. Mac OS X has not historically made much use of the install-on-demand approach to system software components, but the facility used to install Rosetta appears quite robust. Upon clicking "Install," an XML property list containing a vast catalog of available Mac OS X packages was downloaded. Snow Leopard uses the same facility to download and install printer drivers on demand, saving another trip to the installer DVD. I hope this technique gains even wider use in the future.
Rosetta aside, Snow Leopard simply puts fewer bits on your disk. Apple claims it "takes up less than half the disk space of the previous version," and that's no lie. A clean, default install (including fully-generated Spotlight indexes) is 16.8 GB for Leopard and 5.9 GB for Snow Leopard. (Incidentally, these numbers are both powers-of-two measurements; see sidebar.)
Snow Leopard has another trick up its sleeve when it comes to disk usage. The Snow Leopard Finder considers 1 GB to be equal to 109 (1,000,000,000) bytes, whereas the Leopard Finderand, it should be noted, every version of the Finder before itequates 1 GB to 230 (1,073,741,824) bytes. This has the effect of making your hard disk suddenly appear larger after installing Snow Leopard. For example, my "1 TB" hard drive shows up in the Leopard Finder as having a capacity of 931.19 GB. In Snow Leopard, it's 999.86 GB. As you might have guessed, hard disk manufacturers use the powers-of-ten system. It's all quite a mess, really. Though I come down pretty firmly on the powers-of-two side of the fence, I can't blame Apple too much for wanting to match up nicely with the long-established (but still dumb, mind you) hard disk vendors' capacity measurement standard.
Snow Leopard has several weight loss secrets. The first is obvious: no PowerPC support means no PowerPC code in executables. Recall the maximum possible binary payload in a Leopard executable: 32-bit PowerPC, 64-bit PowerPC, x86, and x86_64. Now cross half of those architectures off the list. Granted, very few applications in Leopard included 64-bit code of any kind, but it's a 50% reduction in size for executables no matter how you slice it.
Of course, not all the files in the operating system are executables. There are data files, images, audio files, even a little video. But most of those non-executable files have one thing in common: they're usually stored in compressed file formats. Images are PNGs or JPEGs, audio is AAC, video is MPEG-4, even preference files and other property lists now default to a compact binary format rather than XML.
In Snow Leopard, other kinds of files climb on board the compression bandwagon. To give just one example, ninety-seven percent of the executable files in Snow Leopard are compressed. How compressed? Let's look:
Boy, that's, uh, pretty small, huh? Is this really an executable or what? Let's check our assumptions.
Yikes! What's going on here? Well, what I didn't tell you is that the commands shown above were run from a Leopard system looking at a Snow Leopard disk. In fact, all compressed Snow Leopard files appear to contain zero bytes when viewed from a pre-Snow Leopard version of Mac OS X. (They look and act perfectly normal when booted into Snow Leopard, of course.)
So, where's the data? The little "@" at the end of the permissions string in the ls output above (a feature introduced in Leopard) provides a clue. Though the Mail executable has a zero file size, it does have some extended attributes:
Ah, there's all the data. But wait, it's in the resource fork? Weren't those deprecated about eight years ago? Indeed they were. What you're witnessing here is yet another addition to Apple's favorite file system hobbyhorse, HFS+.
At the dawn of Mac OS X, Apple added journaling, symbolic links, and hard links. In Tiger, extended attributes and access control lists were incorporated. In Leopard, HFS+ gained support for hard links to directories. In Snow Leopard, HFS+ learns another new trick: per-file compression.
The presence of the com.apple.decmpfs attribute is the first hint that this file is compressed. This attribute is actually hidden from the xattr command when booted into Snow Leopard. But from a Leopard system, which has no knowledge of its special significance, it shows up as plain as day.
Even more information is revealed with the help of Mac OS X Internals guru Amit Singh's hfsdebug program, which has quietly been updated for Snow Leopard.
And sure enough, as we saw, the resource fork does indeed contain the compressed data. Still, why the resource fork? It's all part of Apple's usual, clever backward-compatibility gymnastics. A recent example is the way that hard links to directories show upand functionas aliases when viewed from a pre-Leopard version of Mac OS X.
In the case of a HFS+ compression, Apple was (understandably) unable to make pre-Snow Leopard systems read and interpret the compressed data, which is stored in ways that did not exist at the time those earlier operating systems were written. But rather than letting applications (and users) running on pre-10.6 systems choke onor worse, corrupt through modificationthe unexpectedly compressed file contents, Apple has chosen to hide the compressed data instead.
And where can the complete contents of a potentially large file be hidden in such a way that pre-Snow Leopard systems can still copy that file without the loss of data? Why, in the resource fork, of course. The Finder has always correctly preserved Mac-specific metadata and both the resource and data forks when moving or duplicating files. In Leopard, even the lowly cp and rsync commands will do the same. So while it may be a little bit spooky to see all those "empty" 0 KB files when looking at a Snow Leopard disk from a pre-Snow Leopard OS, the chance of data loss is small, even if you move or copy one of the files.
The resource fork isn't the only place where Apple has decided to smuggle compressed data. For smaller files, hfsdebug shows the following:
Here, the data is small enough to be stored entirely within an extended attribute, albeit in compressed form. And then, the final frontier:
That's right, an entire file's contents stored uncompressed in an extended attribute. In the case of a standard PkgInfo file like this one, those contents are the four-byte classic Mac OS type and creator codes.
There's still the same "fpmc..." preamble seen in all the earlier examples of the com.apple.decmpfs attribute, but at the end of the value, the expected data appears as plain as day: type code "APPL" (application) and creator code "emal" (for the Mail applicationcute, as per classic Mac OS tradition).
You may be wondering, if this is all about data compression, how does storing eight uncompressed bytes plus a 17-byte preamble in an extended attribute save any disk space? The answer to that lies in how HFS+ allocates disk space. When storing information in a data or resource fork, HFS+ allocates space in multiples of the file system's allocation block size (4 KB, by default). So those eight bytes will take up a minimum of 4,096 bytes if stored in the traditional way. When allocating disk space for extended attributes, however, the allocation block size is not a factor; the data is packed in much more tightly. In the end, the actual space saved by storing those 25 bytes of data in an extended attribute is over 4,000 bytes.
But compression isn't just about saving disk space. It's also a classic example of trading CPU cycles for decreased I/O latency and bandwidth. Over the past few decades, CPU performance has gotten better (and computing resources more plentifulmore on that later) at a much faster rate than disk performance has increased. Modern hard disk seek times and rotational delays are still measured in milliseconds. In one millisecond, a 2 GHz CPU goes through two million cycles. And then, of course, there's still the actual data transfer time to consider.
Granted, several levels of caching throughout the OS and hardware work mightily to hide these delays. But those bits have to come off the disk at some point to fill those caches. Compression means that fewer bits have to be transferred. Given the almost comical glut of CPU resources on a modern multi-core Mac under normal use, the total time needed to transfer a compressed payload from the disk and use the CPU to decompress its contents into memory will still usually be far less than the time it'd take to transfer the data in uncompressed form.
That explains the potential performance benefits of transferring less data, but the use of extended attributes to store file contents can actually make things faster, as well. It all has to do with data locality.
If there's one thing that slows down a hard disk more than transferring a large amount of data, it's moving its heads from one part of the disk to another. Every move means time for the head to start moving, then stop, then ensure that it's correctly positioned over the desired location, then wait for the spinning disk to put the desired bits beneath it. These are all real, physical, moving parts, and it's amazing that they do their dance as quickly and efficiently as they do, but physics has its limits. These motions are the real performance killers for rotational storage like hard disks.
The HFS+ volume format stores all its information about filesmetadatain two primary locations on disk: the Catalog File, which stores file dates, permissions, ownership, and a host of other things, and the Attributes File, which stores "named forks."
Extended attributes in HFS+ are implemented as named forks in the Attributes File. But unlike resource forks, which can be very large (up to the maximum file size supported by the file system), extended attributes in HFS+ are stored "inline" in the Attributes File. In practice, this means a limit of about 128 bytes per attribute. But it also means that the disk head doesn't need to take a trip to another part of the disk to get the actual data.
As you can imagine, the disk blocks that make up the Catalog and Attributes files are frequently accessed, and therefore more likely than most to be in a cache somewhere. All of this conspires to make the complete storage of a file, including both its metadata in its data, within the B-tree-structured Catalog and Attributes files an overall performance win. Even an eight-byte payload that balloons to 25 bytes is not a concern, as long as it's still less than the allocation block size for normal data storage, and as long as it all fits within a B-tree node in the Attributes File that the OS has to read in its entirety anyway.
There are other significant contributions to Snow Leopard's reduced disk footprint (e.g., the removal of unnecessary localizations and "designable.nib" files) but HFS+ compression is by far the most technically interesting.
Snow Leopard checks your applications to make sure they're compatible and sets aside any programs known to be incompatible. In case a power outage interrupts your installation, it can start again without losing any data.
The setting aside of "known incompatible" applications is undoubtedly a response to the "blue screen" problems some users encountered when upgrading from Tiger to Leopard two years ago, which was caused by the presence of incompatibleand some would say "illicit"third-party system extensions. I have a decidedly pragmatic view of such software, and I'm glad to see Apple taking a similarly practical approach to minimizing its impact on users.
Apple can't be expected to detect and disable all potentially incompatible software, of course. I suspect only the most popular or highest profile risky software is detected. If you're a developer, this installer feature may be a good way to find out if you're on Apple's sh*t list.
As for continuing an installation after a power failure, I didn't have the guts to test this feature. (I also have a UPS.) For long-running processes like installation, this kind of added robustness is welcome, especially on battery-powered devices like laptops.
I mention these two details of the installation process mostly because they highlight the kinds of things that are possible when developers at Apple are given time to polish their respective components of the OS. You might think that the installer team would be hard-pressed to come up with enough to do during a nearly two-year development cycle. That's clearly not the case, and customers will reap the benefits.
I've long yearned for Apple to make a clean break, at least visually, from Mac OS X's Aqua past. Alas, I will be waiting a bit longer, because Snow Leopard ushers in no such revolution. And yet here I am, beneath a familiar-looking section heading that seems to indicate otherwise. The truth is, Snow Leopard actually changes the appearance of nearly every pixel on your screenbut not in the way you might imagine.
Since the dawn of color on the Macintosh, the operating system has used a default output gamma correction value of 1.8. Meanwhile, Windowsaka the rest of the worldhas used a value of 2.2. Though this may not seem significant to anyone but professional graphics artists, the difference is usually apparent to even a casual observer when viewing the same image on both kinds of displays side by side.
Though Mac users will probably instinctively prefer the 1.8 gamma image that they're used to, Apple has decided that this historical difference is more trouble than it's worth. The default output gamma correction value in Snow Leopard is now 2.2, just like everyone else. Done and done.
If they notice at all, users will likely experience this change as a feeling that the Snow Leopard user interface has a bit more contrast than Leopard's. This is reinforced by the new default desktop background, a re-drawn, more saturated version of Leopard's default desktop. (Note that these are two entirely different images and not an attempt to demonstrate the effects of different gamma correction settings.)
But even beyond color correction, true to form, Apple could not resist adding a few graphical tweaks to the Snow Leopard interface. The most apparent changes are related to the Dock. First, there's the new "spotlight" look triggered by a click-and-hold on an application icon in the Dock. (This activates Expos, but only for the windows belonging to the application that was clicked. More later.)
Furthermore, any and all pop-up menus on the Dockand only on the Dockhave a unique look in Snow Leopard, complete with a custom selection appearance (which, for a change, does a passable job of matching the system-wide selection appearance setting).
For Mac users of a certain age, these menus may bring to mind Apple's Hi-Tech appearance theme from the bad-old days of Copland. They're actually considerably more subtle, however. Note the translucent edges which accentuate the rounded corners. The gradient on the selection highlight is also admirably restrained.
Nevertheless, this is an entirely new look for a single (albeit commonly used) application, and it does clash a bit with the default "slanty, shiny shelf" appearance of the Dock. But I've already had my say about that, and more. If the oath of Snow Leopard's appearance was to "first, do no harm," then I think I'm inclined to give it a passing gradealmost.
If I had to characterize what's wrong with Snow Leopard's visual additions with just two words, it'd be these: everything fades. Apple has sprinkled Core Animation fairy dust over seemingly every application in Snow Leopard. If any part of the user interface appears, disappears, or changes in any significant way, it's accompanied by an animation and one or more fades.
In moderation, such effects are fine. But in several instances, Snow Leopard crosses the line. Or rather, it crosses my line, which, it should be noted, is located far inside the territories of Candy Land. Others with a much lower tolerance for animations who are already galled by the frippery in Leopard and earlier releases will find little to love in Snow Leopard's visual changes.
The one that really drove me over the edge is the fussy little dance of the filename area that occurs in the Finder (surprise!) when renaming a file on the desktop. There's just something about so many cross-fades, color changes, and text offsets occurring so rapidly and concentrated into such a small area that makes me want to scream. And whether or not I'm actually waiting for these animations to finish before I can continue to use my computer, it certainly feels that way sometimes.
Still, I must unenthusiastically predict that most normal people (i.e., the ones who will not read this entire article) will either find these added visual touches delightful, or (much more likely) not notice them at all.
Animation aside, the visual sameness of Snow Leopard presents a bit of a marketing challenge for Apple. Even beyond the obvious problem of how to promote an operating system upgrade with "no new features" to consumers, there's the issue of how to get people to notice that this new product exists at all.
In the run-up to Snow Leopard's release, Apple stuck to a modified version of Leopard's outer space theme. It was in the keynote slideshows, on the WWDC banners, on the developer release DVDs, and all over the Mac OS X section of Apple's website. The header image from Apple's Mac OS X webpage as of a week before Snow Leopard's release appears below. It's pretty cut and dried: outer space, stars, rich purple nebula, lens flare.
Then came the golden master of Snow Leopard, which, in a pleasant change from past releases, was distributed to developers a few weeks before Snow Leopard hit the shelves. Its installer introduced an entirely different look which, as it turns out, was carried over to the retail packaging. For a change, let's line up the discs instead of the packaging (which is rapidly shrinking to barely enclose the disc anyway). Here's Mac OS X 10.0 through 10.6, top to bottom and left to right. (The 10.0 and 10.1 discs looked essentially identical and have been coalesced.)
Yep, it's a snow leopard. With actual snow on it. It's a bit on the nose for my taste, but it's not without its charms. And it does have one big thing going for it: it's immediately recognizable as something new and different. "Unmistakable" is how I'd sum up the packaging. Eight years of the giant, centered, variously adorned "X" and then boom: a cat. There's little chance that anyone who's seen Leopard sitting on the shelf of their local Apple store for the past two years will fail to notice that this is a new product.
(If you'd like your own picture of Snowy the snow leopard (that's right, I've named him), Apple was kind enough to include a desktop background image with the OS. Self-loathing Windows users may download it directly.)
We've arrived at the start of the customary "internals" section. Snow Leopard is all about internal changes, and this is reflected in the content of this review. If you're only interested in the user-visible changes, you can skip ahead, but you'll be missing out on the meat of this review and the heart of Apple's new OS.
Mac OS X started its journey to 64-bit back in 2003 with the release of Panther, which included the bare minimum support for the then-new PowerPC G5 64-bit CPU. In 2005, Tiger brought with it the ability to create true 64-bit processesas long as they didn't link with any of the GUI libraries. Finally, Leopard in 2007 included support for 64-bit GUI applications. But again, there was a caveat: 64-bit support extended to Cocoa applications only. It was, effectively, the end of the road for Carbon.
Despite Leopard's seemingly impressive 64-bit bona fides, there are a few more steps before Mac OS X can reach complete 64-bit nirvana. The diagrams below illustrate.
As we'll see, all that yellow in the Snow Leopard diagram represents its capability, not necessarily its default mode of operation.
Snow Leopard is the first version of Mac OS X to ship with a 64-bit kernel ("K64" in Apple's parlance), but it's not enabled by default on most systems. The reason for this this is simple. Recall that there's no "mixed mode" in Mac OS X. At runtime, a process is either 32-bit or 64-bit, and can only load other codelibraries, plug-ins, etc.of the same kind.
An important class of plug-ins loaded by the kernel is device drivers. Were Snow Leopard to default to the 64-bit kernel, only 64-bit device drivers would load. And seeing as Snow Leopard is the first version of Mac OS X to include a 64-bit kernel, there'd be precious few of those on customers' systems on launch day.
And so, by default, Snow Leopard boots with a 64-bit kernel only on Xserves from 2008 or later. I guess the assumption is that all of the devices commonly attached to an Xserve will be supported by 64-bit drivers supplied by Apple in Snow Leopard itself.
Perhaps surprisingly, not all Macs with 64-bit processors are even able to boot into the 64-bit kernel. Though this may change in subsequent point releases of Snow Leopard, the table below lists all the Macs that are either capable of or default to booting K64. (To find the "Model name" of your Mac, select "About This Mac" from the Apple menu, then click the "More info" button and read the "Model Identifier" line in the window that appears.)
To switch back to the 32-bit kernel, hold down the "3" and "2" keys during boot, or use one of the techniques above, replacing "x86_64" with "i386".
We've already discussed why, at least initially, you probably won't want to boot into K64. But as Snow Leopard adoption ramps up and 64-bit updates of existing kernel extensions become available, why might you actually want to use the 64-bit kernel?
The first reason has to do with RAM, and not in the way you might think. Though Leopard uses a 32-bit kernel, Macs running Leopard can contain and use far more RAM than the 4 GB limit the "32-bit" qualifier might seem to imply. But as RAM sizes increase, there's another concern: address space depletionnot for applications, but for the kernel itself.
As a 32-bit process, the kernel itself is limited to a 32-bit (i.e., 4GB) address space. That may not seem like a problem; after all, should the kernel really need more than 4GB of memory to do its job? But remember that part of the kernel's job is to track and manage system memory. The kernel uses a 64-byte structure to track the status of each 4KB page of RAM used on the system.
That's 64 bytes, not kilobytes. It hardly seems like a lot. But now consider a Mac in the not-too-distant future containing 96GB of RAM. (If this sounds ridiculous to you, think of how ridiculous the 8GB of RAM in the Mac I'm typing on right now would have sounded to you five years ago.) Tracking 96GB of RAM requires 1.5GB of kernel address space. Using more than a third of the kernel's address space just to track memory is a pretty uncomfortable situation.
A 64-bit kernel, on the other hand, has a virtually unlimited kernel address space (16 exabytes). K64 is an inevitable necessity, given the rapidly increasing size of system memory. Though you may not need it today on the desktop, it's already common for servers to have double-digit gigabytes of RAM installed.
The other thing K64 has going for it is speed. The x86 instruction set architecture has had a bit of a tortured history. When designing the x86-64 64-bit extension of the x86 architecture, AMD took the opportunity to leave behind some of the ugliness of the past and include more modern features: more registers, new addressing modes, non-stack-based floating point capabilities, etc. K64 reaps these benefits. Apple makes the following claims about its performance:
Focused benchmarking would bear these out, I'm sure. But in daily use, you're unlikely to be able to attribute any particular performance boost to the kernel. Think of K64 as removing bottlenecks from the few (usually server-based) applications that actually do exercise these aspects of the kernel heavily.
If it makes you feel better to know that your kernel is operating more efficiently, and that, were you to actually have 96GB of RAM installed, you would not risk starving the kernel of address space, and if you don't have any 32-bit drivers that you absolutely need to use, then by all means, boot into the 64-bit kernel.
For everyone else, my advice is to be glad that K64 will be ready and waiting for you when you eventually do need itand please do encourage all the vendors that make kernel extensions that you care about to add K64 support as soon as possible.
Finally, this is worth repeating: please keep in mind that you do not need to run the 64-bit kernel in order to run 64-bit applications or install more than 4GB of RAM in your Mac. Applications run just fine in 64-bit mode on top of the 32-bit kernel, and even in earlier versions of Mac OS X it's been possible to install and take advantage of much more than 4GB of RAM.
While Leopard may have brought with it support for 64-bit GUI applications, it actually included very few of them. In fact, by my count, only two 64-bit GUI applications shipped with Leopard: Xcode (an optional install) and Chess. And though Leopard made it possible for third-party developers to produce 64-bit (albeit Leopard-only) GUI applications, very few havesometimes due to unfortunate realities, but most often because there's been no good reason to do so, abandoning users of Mac OS X 10.4 or earlier in the process.
Apple is now pushing the 64-bit transition much harder. This starts with leading by example. Snow Leopard ships with four end-user GUI applications that are not 64-bit: iTunes, Grapher, Front Row, and DVD Player. Everything else is 64-bit. The Finder, the Dock, Mail, TextEdit, Safari, iChat, Address Book, Dashboard, Help Viewer, Installer, Terminal, Calculatoryou name it, it's 64-bit.
The second big carrot (or stick, depending on how you look at it) is the continued lack of 32-bit support for new APIs and technologies. Leopard started the trend, leaving deprecated APIs behind and only porting the new ones to 64-bit. The improved Objective-C 2.0 runtime introduced in Leopard was also 64-bit-only.
Snow Leopard continues along similar lines. The Objective-C 2.1 runtime's non-fragile instance variables, exception model unified with C++, and faster vtable dispatch remain available only to 64-bit applications. But the most significant new 64-bit-only API is QuickTime Xsignificant enough to be addressed separately, so stay tuned.
All of this is Apple's not-so-subtle way of telling developers that the time to move to 64-bit is now, and that 64-bit should be the default for all new applications, whether a developer thinks it's "needed" or not. In most cases, these new APIs have no intrinsic connection to 64-bit. Apple has simply chosen to use them as additional forms of persuasion.
Despite all of the above, I'd still call Snow Leopard merely the penultimate step in Mac OS X's journey to be 64-bit from top to bottom. I fully expect Mac OS X 10.7 to boot into the 64-bit kernel by default, to ship with 64-bit versions of all applications, plug-ins, and kernel extensions, and to leave even more legacy and deprecated APIs to fade away in the land of 32-bit.
Apple did something a bit odd in Leopard when it neglected to port the C-based QuickTime API to 64-bit. At the time, it didn't seem like such a big deal. Mac OS X's transition to 64-bit had already spanned many years and several major versions. One could imagine that it just wasn't yet QuickTime's turn to go 64-bit.
As it turns out, my terse but pessimistic assessment of the situation at the time was accurate: QuickTime got the "Carbon treatment". Like Carbon, the venerable QuickTime API that we know and love will not be making the transition to 64-bitever.
To be clear, QuickTime the technology and QuickTime the brand will most definitely be coming to 64-bit. What's being left behind in 32-bit-only form is the C-based API introduced in 1991 and built upon for 18 years thereafter. Its replacement in the world of 64-bit in Snow Leopard is the aptly named QuickTime X.
The "X" in QuickTime X, like the one in in Mac OS X, is pronounced "ten." This is but the first of many eerie parallels. Like Mac OS X before it, QuickTime X:
Let's take these one at a time. First, why is a clean break needed? Put simply, QuickTime is oldreally old. The horribly blocky, postage-stamp-size video displayed by its initial release in 1991 was considered a technological tour de force.
At the time, the fastest Macintosh money could buy contained a 25 MHz CPU. The ridiculous chart to the right is meant to hammer home this point. Forward-thinking design can only get you so far. The shape of the world a technology is born into eventually, inevitably dictates its fate. This is especially true for long-lived APIs like QuickTime with a strong bent towards backward compatibility.
As the first successful implementation of video on a personal computer, it's frankly amazing that the QuickTime API has lasted as long as it has. But the world has moved on. Just as Mac OS found itself mired in a ghetto of cooperative multitasking and unprotected memory, QuickTime limps into 2009 with antiquated notions of concurrency and subsystem layering baked into its design.
When it came time to write the video-handling code for the iPhone, the latest version of QuickTime, QuickTime 7, simply wasn't up to the task. It had grown too bloated and inefficient during its life on the desktop, and it lacked good support for the GPU-accelerated video playback necessary to handle modern video codecs on a handheld (even with a CPU sixteen times the clock speed of any available in a Mac when QuickTime 1.0 was released). And so, Apple created a tight, modern, GPU-friendly video playback engine that could fit comfortably within the RAM and CPU constraints of the iPhone.
Hmm. An aging desktop video API in need of a replacement. A fresh, new video library with good performance even on (comparatively) anemic hardware. Apple connected the dots. But the trick is always in the transition. Happily, this is Apple's forte. QuickTime itself has already lived on three different CPU architectures and three entirely different operating systems.
The switch to 64-bit is yet another (albeit less dramatic) inflection point, and Apple has chosen it to mark the boundary between the old QuickTime 7 and the new QuickTime X. It's done this in Snow Leopard by limiting all use of QuickTime by 64-bit applications to the QTKit Objective-C framework.
QTKit is not new; it began its life in 2005 as a more native-feeling interface to QuickTime 7 for Cocoa applications. This extra layer of abstraction is the key to the QuickTime X transition. QTKit now hides within its object-oriented walls both QuickTime 7 and QuickTime X. Applications use QTKit as before, and behind the scenes QTKit will choose whether to use QuickTime 7 or QuickTime X to fulfill each request.
If QuickTime X is so much better, why doesn't QTKit use it for everything? The answer is that QuickTime X, like its Mac OS X namesake, has very limited capabilities in its initial release. While QuickTime X supports playback, capture, and exporting, it does not support general-purpose video editing. It also supports only "modern" video formatsbasically, anything that can be played by an iPod, iPhone, or Apple TV. As for other video codecs, well, you can forget about handling them with plug-ins because QuickTime X doesn't support those either.
But wait a second. If QTKit is the only way for a 64-bit application to use QuickTime, and QTKit multiplexes between QuickTime 7 and QuickTime X behind the scenes, and QuickTime 7 is 32-bit-only, and Mac OS X does not support "mixed mode" processes that can execute both 32-bit and 64-bit code, then how the heck does a 64-bit process do anything that requires the QuickTime 7 back-end?
To find out, fire up the new 64-bit QuickTime Player application (which will be addressed separately later) and open a movie that requires QuickTime 7. Let's say, one that uses the Sorenson video codec. (Remember that? Good times.) Sure enough, it plays just fine. But search for "QuickTime" in the Activity Monitor application and you'll see this:
And the answer is revealed. When a 64-bit application using QTKit requires the services of the 32-bit-only QuickTime 7 back-end, QTKit spawns a separate 32-bit QTKitServer process to do the work and communicate the results back to the originating 64-bit process. If you leave Activity Monitor open while using the new QuickTime Player application, you can watch the QTKitServer processes come and go as needed. This is all handled transparently by the QTKit framework; the application itself need not be aware of these machinations.
Yes, it's going to be a long, long time before QuickTime 7 disappears completely from Mac OS X (at least Apple was kind enough not to call it "QuickTime Classic"), but the path forward is clear. With each new release of Mac OS X, expect the capabilities of QuickTime X to expand, and the number of things that still require QuickTime 7 to decrease. In Mac OS X 10.7, for example, I imagine that QuickTime X will gain support for plug-ins. And surely by Mac OS X 10.8, QuickTime X will have complete video editing support. All this will be happening beneath the unifying facade of QTKit until, eventually, the QuickTime 7 back-end is no longer needed at all.
In the meantime, perhaps surprisingly, many of the current limitations of QuickTime X actually highlight its unique advantages and inform the evolving QTKit API. Though there is no direct way for a developer to request that QTKit use the QuickTime X back-end, there are several indirect means to influence the decision. The key is the QTKit API, which relies heavily on the concept of intent.
QuickTime versions 1 through 7 use a single representation of all media resources internally: a Movie object. This representation includes information about the individual tracks that make up the movie, the sample tables for each track, and so onall the information QuickTime needs to understand and manipulate the media.
This sounds great until you realize that to do anything with a media resource in QuickTime requires the construction of this comprehensive Movie object. Consider playing an MP3 file with QuickTime, for example. QuickTime must create its internal Movie object representation of the MP3 file before it can begin playback. Unfortunately, the MP3 container format seldom contains comprehensive information about the structure of the audio. It's usually just a stream of packets. QuickTime must laboriously scan and parse the entire audio stream in order to complete the Movie object.
QuickTime 7 and earlier versions make this process less painful by doing the scanning and parsing incrementally in the background. You can see this in many QuickTime-based player applications in the form of a progress bar overlaid on the movie controller. The image below shows a 63MB MP3 podcast loading in the Leopard version of QuickTime Player. The shaded portion of the movie timeline slowly fills the dotted area from left to right.
Though playback can begin almost immediately (provided you play from the beginning, that is) it's worthwhile to take a step back and consider what's going on here. QuickTime is creating a Movie object suitable for any operation that QuickTime can perform: editing, track extraction or addition, exporting, you name it. But what if all I want to do is play the file?
The trouble is, the QuickTime 7 API lacks a way to express this kind of intent. There is no way to say to QuickTime 7, "Just open this file as quickly as possible so that I can play it. Don't bother reading every single byte of the file from the disk and parsing it to determine its structure just in case I decide to edit or export the content. That is not my intent. Please, just open it for playback."
The QTKit API in Snow Leopard provides exactly this capability. In fact, the only way to be eligible for the QuickTime X back-end at all is to explicitly express your intent not to do anything QuickTime X cannot handle. Furthermore, any attempt to perform an operation that lies outside your previously expressed intent will cause QTKit to raise an exception.
The intent mechanism is also the way that the new features of QuickTime X are exposed, such as the ability to asynchronously load large or distantly located (e.g., over a slow network link) movie files without blocking the UI running on the main thread of the application.
Indeed, there are many reasons to do what it takes to get on board the QuickTime X train. For the media formats it supports, QuickTime X is less taxing on the CPU during playback than QuickTime 7. (This is beyond the fact that QuickTime X does not waste time preparing its internal representation of the movie for editing and export when playback is all that's desired.) QuickTime X also supports GPU-accelerated playback of H.264, but, in this initial release, only on Macs equipped with an NVIDIA 9400M GPU (i.e., some 2009 iMacs and several models of MacBooks from 2008 and 2009). Finally, QuickTime X includes comprehensive ColorSync support for video, which is long overdue.
This is just the start of a long journey for QuickTime X, and seemingly not a very auspicious one, at that. A QuickTime engine with no editing support? No plug-ins? It seems ridiculous to release it at all. But this has been Apple's way in recent years: steady, deliberate progress. Apple aims to ship no features before their time.
As anxious as developers may be for a full-featured, 64-bit successor to the QuickTime 7 engine, Apple itself is sitting on top of one of the largest QuickTime-riddled (and Carbon-addled, to boot) code bases in the industry: Final Cut Studio. Thus far, It remains stuck in 32-bit. To say that Apple is "highly motivated" to extend the capabilities of QuickTime X would be an understatement.
Nevertheless, don't expect Apple to rush forward foolishly. Duplicating the functionality of a continually developed, 18-year-old API will not happen overnight. It will take years, and it will be even longer before every important Mac OS X application is updated to use QTKit exclusively. Transitions. Gotta love 'em.
Mac OS X has historically supported many different ways of referring to files on disk from within an application. Plain-old paths (e.g., /Users/john/Documents/myfile) are supported at the lowest levels of the operating system. They're simple, predictable, but perhaps not such a great idea to use as the only way an application tracks files. Consider what happens if an application opens a file based on a path string, then the user moves that file somewhere else while it's still being edited. When the application is instructed to save the file, if it only has the file path to work with, it will end up creating a new file in the old location, which is almost certainly not what the user wanted.
Classic Mac OS had a more sophisticated internal representation of files that enabled it to track files independent of their actual locations on disk. This was done with the help of the unique file ids supported by HFS/HFS+. The Mac OS X incarnation of this concept is the FSRef data type.
Finally, in the modern age, URLs have become the de facto representation for files that may be located somewhere other than the local machine. URLs can also refer to local files, but in that case they have all the same disadvantages as file paths.
This diversity of data types is reflected in Mac OS X's file system APIs. Some functions take file path as arguments, some expect opaque references to files, and still others work only with URLs. Programs that use these APIs often spend a lot of their time converting file references from one representation to another.
The situation is similar when it comes to getting information about files. There are a huge number of file system metadata retrieval functions at all levels of the operating system, and no single one of them is comprehensive. To get all available information about a file on disk requires making several separate calls, each of which may expect a different type of file reference as an argument.
Here's an example Apple provided at WWDC. Opening a single file in the Leopard version of the Preview image viewer application results in:
In Snow Leopard, Apple has created a new, unified, comprehensive set of file system APIs built around a single data type: URLs. But these are URL "objects"namely, the opaque data types NSURL and CFURL, with a toll-free bridge between themthat have been imbued with all the desirable attributes of an FSRef.
Apple settled on these data types because their opaque nature allowed this kind of enhancement, and because there are so many existing APIs that use them. URLs are also the most future-proof of all the choices, with the scheme portion providing nearly unlimited flexibility for new data types and access mechanisms. The new file system APIs built around these opaque URL types support caching and metadata prefetching for a further performance boost.
There's also a new on-disk representation called a Bookmark (not to be confused with a browser bookmark) which is like a more network-savvy replacement for classic Mac OS aliases. Bookmarks are the most robust way to create a reference to a file from within another file. It's also possible to attach arbitrary metadata to each Bookmark. For example, if an application wants to keep a persistent list of "favorite" files plus some application-specific information about them, and it wants to be resilient to any movement of these files behind its back, Bookmarks are the best tool for the job.
I mention all of this not because I expect file system APIs to be all that interesting to people without my particular fascination with this part of the operating system, but because, like Core Text before it, it's an indication of exactly how young Mac OS X really is as a platform. Even after seven major releases, Mac OS X is still struggling to move out from the shadow of its three ancestors: NeXTSTEP, classic Mac OS, and BSD Unix. Or perhaps it just goes to show how ruthlessly Apple's core OS team is driven to replace old and crusty APIs and data types with new, more modern versions.
It will be a long time before the benefits of these changes trickle down (or is it up?) to end-users in the form of Mac applications that are written or modified to use these new APIs. Most well-written Mac applications already exhibit most of the desirable behavior. For example, the TextEdit application in Leopard will correctly detect when a file it's working on has moved.
Of course, the key modifier here is "well-written." Simplifying the file system APIs means that more developers will be willing to expend the effortnow greatly reducedto provide such user-friendly behaviors. The accompanying performance boost is just icing on the cake, and one more reason that developers might choose to alter their existing, working application to use these new APIs.
Moore's Law is widely cited in technology circlesand also widely misunderstood. It's most often used as shorthand for "computers double in speed every year or so," but that's not what Gordon Moore wrote at all. His 1965 article in Electronics magazine touched on many topics in the semiconductor industry, but if it had to be summed up in a single "law", it would be, roughly, that the number of transistors that fit onto a square inch of silicon doubles every 12 months.
Moore later revised that to two years, but the time period is not what people get wrong. The problem is confusing a doubling of transistor density with a doubling of "computer speed." (Even more problematic is declaring a "law" based on a single paper from 1965, but we'll put that aside for now. For a more thorough discussion of Moore's Law, please read this classic article by Jon Stokes.)
For decades, each increase in transistor density was, in fact, accompanied by a comparable increase in computing speed thanks to ever-rising clock speeds and the dawn of superscalar execution. This worked greatexisting code ran faster on each new CPUuntil the grim realities of power density put an end to the fun.
Moore's Law continues, at least for now, but our ability to make code run faster with each new increase in transistor density has slowed considerably. The free lunch is over. CPU clock speeds have stagnated for years, many times actually going backwards. (The latest top-of-the-line 2009 Mac Pro contains a 2.93 GHz CPU, whereas the 2008 model could be equipped with a 3.2 GHz CPU.) Adding execution units to a CPU has also long since reached the point of diminishing returns, given the limits of instruction-level parallelism in common application code.
And yet we've still got all these new transistors raining down on us, more every year. The challenge is to find new ways to use them to actually make computers faster.
Thus far, the semiconductor industry's answer has been to give us more of what we already have. Where once a CPU contained a single logical processing unit, now CPUs in even the lowliest desktop computers contain two processor cores, with high-end models sporting two chips with eight logical cores each. Granted, the cores themselves are also getting faster, usually by doing more at the same clock speed as their predecessors, but that's not happening at nearly the rate that the cores are multiplying.
Unfortunately, generally speaking, a dual-core CPU will not run your application twice as fast as a single-core CPU. In fact, your application probably won't run any faster at all unless it was written to take advantage of more than just a single logical CPU. Presented with a glut of transistors, chipmakers have turned around and provided more computing resources than programmers know what to do with, transferring much of the responsibility for making computers faster to the software guys.
It's into this environment that Snow Leopard is born. If there's one responsibility (aside from security) that an operating system vendor should feel in the year 2009, it's finding a way for applicationsand the OS itselfto utilize the ever-growing wealth of computing resources at their disposal. If I had to pick single technological "theme" for Snow Leopard, this would be it: helping developers utilize all this newfound silicon; helping them do more with more.
To that end, Snow Leopard includes two significant new APIs backed by several smaller, but equally important infrastructure improvements. We'll start at the bottom with, believe it or not, the compiler.
Apple made a strategic investment in the LLVM open source project several years ago. I covered the fundamentals of LLVM in my Leopard review. (If you're not up to speed, please catch up on the topic before continuing.) In it, I described how Leopard used LLVM to provide dramatically more efficient JIT-compiled software implementations of OpenGL functions. I ended with the following admonition:
Don't be misled by its humble use in Leopard; Apple has grand plans for LLVM. How grand? How about swapping out the guts of the gcc compiler Mac OS X uses now and replacing them with the LLVM equivalents? That project is well underway. Not ambitious enough? How about ditching gcc entirely, replacing it with a completely new LLVM-based (but gcc-compatible) compiler system? That project is called Clang, and it's already yielded some impressive performance results.
With the introduction of Snow Leopard, it's official: Clang and LLVM are the Apple compiler strategy going forward. LLVM even has a snazzy new logo, a not-so-subtle homage to a well-known compiler design textbook:
Apple now offers a total of four compilers for Mac OS X: GCC 4.0, GCC 4.2, LLVM-GCC 4.2 (the GCC 4.2 front-end combined with an LLVM back-end), and Clang, in order of increasing LLVM-ness. Here's a diagram:
All of these compilers are binary-compatible on Mac OS X, which means you can, for example, build a library with one compiler and link it into an executable built with another. They're also all command-line and source-compatiblein theory, anyway. Clang does not yet support some of the more esoteric features of GCC. Clang also only supports C, Objective-C, and a little bit of C++ (Clang(uage), get it?) whereas GCC supports many more. Apple is committed to full C++ support for Clang, and hopes to work out the remaining GCC incompatibilities during Snow Leopard's lifetime.
Clang brings with it the two headline attributes you expect in a hot, new compiler: shorter compile times and faster executables. In Apple's testing with its own applications such as iCal, Address Book, and Xcode itself, plus third-party applications like Adium and Growl, Clang compiles nearly three times faster than GCC 4.2. As for the speed of the finished product, the LLVM back-end, whether used in Clang or in LLVM-GCC, produces executables that are 5-25% faster than those generated by GCC 4.2.
Clang is also more developer-friendly than its GCC predecessors. I concede that this topic doesn't have much to do with taking advantage of multiple CPU cores and so on, but it's sure to be the first thing that a developer actually notices when using Clang. Indulge me.
For starters, Clang is embeddable, so Xcode can use the same compiler infrastructure for interactive features within the IDE (symbol look-up, code completion, etc.) as it uses to compile the final executable. Clang also creates and preserves more extensive metadata while compiling, resulting in much better error reporting. For example, when GCC tells you this:
It's not exactly clear what the problem is, especially if you're new to C programming. Yes, all you hotshots already know what the problem is (especially if you saw this example at WWDC), but I think everyone can agree that this error, generated by Clang, is a lot more helpful:
Maybe a novice still wouldn't know what to do, but at least it's clear where the problem lies. Figuring out why the compiler doesn't know about NSString is a much more focused task than can be derived from GCC's cryptic error.
Sure, but there are four "+" operators on that single line. Which one has the problematic operands? Thanks to its more extensive metadata, Clang can pinpoint the problem:
Sometimes the error is perfectly clear, but it just seems a bit off, like this situation where jumping to the error as reported by GCC puts you on the line below where you actually want to add the missing semicolon:
Believe it or not, stuff like this means a lot to developers. And then there are the not-so-little things that mean even more, like the LLVM-powered static analyzer. The image below shows how the static analyzer displays its discovery of a possible bug.
Aside from the whimsy of the little arrows (which, admit it, are adorable), the actual bug it's highlighting is something that every programmer can imagine creating (say, through some hasty editing). The static analyzer has determined that there's at least one path through this set of nested conditionals that leaves the myName variable uninitialized, thus making the attempt to send the mutableCopy message in the final line potentially dangerous.
I'm sure Apple is going hog-wild running the static analyzer on all of its applications and the operating system itself. The prospect of an automated way to discover bugs that may have existed for years in the depths of a huge codebase is almost pornographic to developersplatform owners in particular. To the degree that Mac OS X 10.6.0 is more bug-free than the previous 10.x.0 releases, LLVM surely deserves some significant part of the credit.
By committing to a Clang/LLVM-powered future, Apple has finally taken complete control of its development platform. The CodeWarrior experience apparently convinced Apple that it's unwise to rely on a third party for its platform's development tools. Though it's taken many years, I think even the most diehard Metrowerks fan would have to agree that Xcode in Snow Leopard is now a pretty damn good IDE.
After years of struggling with the disconnect between the goals of the GCC project and its own compiler needs, Apple has finally cut the apron strings. OK, granted, GCC 4.2 is still the default compiler in Snow Leopard, but this is a transitional phase. Clang is the recommended compiler, and the focus of all of Apple's future efforts.
I know what you're thinking. This is swell and all, but how are these compilers helping developers better leverage the expanding swarm of transistors at their disposal? As you'll see in the following sections, LLVM's scaly, metallic head pops up in a few key places.
In Snow Leopard, Apple has introduced a C language extension called "blocks." Blocks add closures and anonymous functions to C and the C-derived languages C++, Objective-C, and Objective C++.
These features have been available in dynamic programming languages such as Lisp, Smalltalk, Perl, Python, Ruby, and even the unassuming JavaScript for a long time (decades, in the case of Lispa fact gladly offered by its practitioners). While dynamic-language programmers take closures and anonymous functions for granted, those who work with more traditional, statically compiled languages such as C and its derivatives may find them quite exotic. As for non-programmers, they likely have no interest in this topic at all. But I'm going to attempt an explanation nonetheless, as blocks form the foundation of some other interesting technologies to be discussed later.
Perhaps the simplest way to explain blocks is that they make functions another form of data. C-derived languages already have function pointers, which can be passed around like data, but these can only point to functions created at compile time. The only way to influence the behavior of such a function is by passing different arguments to the function or by setting global variables which are then accessed from within the function. Both of these approaches have big disadvantages
Passing arguments becomes cumbersome as their number and complexity grows. Also, it may be that you have limited control over the arguments that will be passed to your function, as is often the case with callbacks. To compensate, you may have to bundle up all of your interesting state into a context object of some kind. But when, how, and by whom that context data will be disposed of can be difficult to pin down. Often, a second callback is required for this. It's all quite a pain.
As for the use of global variables, in addition to being a well-known anti-pattern, it's also not thread-safe. To make it so requires locks or some other form of mutual exclusion to prevent multiple invocations of the same function from stepping on each other's toes. And if there's anything worse than navigating a sea of callback-based APIs, it's manually dealing with thread safety issues.
Blocks bypass all of these problems by allowing functional blobs of codeblocksto be defined at runtime. It's easiest to understand with an example. I'm going to start by using JavaScript, which has a bit friendlier syntax, but the concepts are the same.
Here I've created a function named multiplier that takes a single argument, a, and multiplies it by a second value, b, that's provided by the user at runtime. If the user supplied the number 2, then a call to multiplier(5) would return the value 10.
By comparing the JavaScript code to the C version, I hope you can see how it works. In the C example, that little caret ^ is the key to the syntax for blocks. It's kind of ugly, but it's very C-like in that it parallels the existing C syntax for function pointers, with ^ in place of *, as this example illustrates:
You'll just have to trust me when I tell you that this syntax actually makes sense to seasoned C programmers.
Now then, does this mean that C is suddenly a dynamic, high-level language like JavaScript or Lisp? Hardly. The existing distinction between the stack and the heap, the rules governing automatic and static variables, and so on are all still in full effect. Plus, now there's a whole new set of rules for how blocks interact with each of these things. There's even a new __block storage type attribute to further control the scope and lifetime of values used in blocks.
All of that said, blocks are still a huge win in C. Thanks to blocks, the friendlier APIs long enjoyed by dynamic languages are now possible in C-derived languages. For example, suppose you want to apply some operation to every line in a file. To do so in a low-level language like C requires some amount of boilerplate code to open and read from the file, handle any errors, read each line into a buffer, and clean up at the end.
The part in bold is an abstract representation of what you're planning to do to each line of the file. The rest is the literal boilerplate code. If you find yourself having to apply varying operations to every line of many different files, this boilerplate code gets tedious.
What you'd like to be able to do is factor it out into a function that you can call. But then you're faced with the problem of how to express the operation you'd like to perform on each line of the file. In the middle of each block of boilerplate may be many lines of code expressing the operation to be applied. This code may reference or modify local variables which are affected by the runtime behavior of the program, so traditional function pointers won't work. What to do?
Thanks to blocks, you can define a function that takes a filename and a block as arguments. This gets all the uninteresting code out of your face.
What's left is a much clearer expression of your intent, with less surrounding noise. The argument after filename is a literal block that takes a line of text as an argument.
Even when the volume of boilerplate is small, the simplicity and clarity bonus is still worthwhile. Consider the simplest possible loop that executes a fixed number of times. In C-based languages, even that basic construct offers a surprising number of opportunities for bugs. Let's do_something() 10 times:
Oops, I've got a little bug there, don't I? It happens to the best of us. But why should this code be more complicated than the sentence describing it. Do something 10 times! I never want to screw that up again. Blocks can help. If we just invest a little effort up front to define a helper function:
We can banish the bug for good. Now, repeating any arbitrary block of code a specific number of times is all but idiot-proof:
And remember, the block argument to repeat() can contain exactly the same kind of code, literally copied and pasted, that would have appeared within a traditional for loop.
All these possibilities and more have been well explored by dynamic languages: map, reduce, collect, etc. Welcome, C programmers, to a higher order.
Apple has taken these lessons to heart, adding over 100 new APIs that use blocks in Snow Leopard. Many of these APIs would not be possible at all without blocks, and all of them are more elegant and concise than they would be otherwise.
It's Apple intention to submit blocks as an official extension to one or more of the C-based languages, though it's not yet clear which standards bodies are receptive to the proposal. For now, blocks are supported by all four of Apple's compilers in Mac OS X.
The struggle to make efficient use of a large number of independent computing devices is not new. For decades, the field of high-performance computing has tackled this problem. The challenges faced by people writing software for supercomputers many years ago have now trickled down to desktop and even mobile computing platforms.
In the PC industry, some people saw this coming earlier than others. Almost 20 years ago, Be Inc. was formed around the idea of creating a PC platform unconstrained by legacy limitations and entirely prepared for the coming abundance of independent computing units on the desktop. To that end, Be created the BeBox, a dual-CPU desktop computer, and BeOS, a brand-new operating system.
The signature catch phrase for BeOS was "pervasive multithreading." The BeBox and other machines running BeOS leveraged every ounce of the diminutive (by today's standards, anyway) computing resources at their disposal. The demos were impressive. A dual 66 MHz machine (don't make me show another graph) could play multiple videos simultaneously while also playing several audio tracks from a CDsome backwards and all the while, the user interface remained completely responsive.
Let me tell you, having lived through this period myself, the experience was mind-blowing at the time. BeOS created instant converts out of hundreds of technology enthusiasts, many of whom maintain that today's desktop computing experience still doesn't match the responsiveness of BeOS. This is certainly true emotionally, if not necessarily literally.
After nearly purchasing Be in the late 1990s, Apple bought NeXT instead, and the rest is history. But had Apple gone with plan Be instead, Mac developers might have had a rough road ahead. While all that pervasive multithreading made for impressive technology demos and a great user experience, it could be extremely demanding on the programmer. BeOS was all about threads, going so far as to maintain a separate thread for each window. Whether you liked it or not, your BeOS program was going to be multithreaded.
Parallel programming is notoriously hard, with the manual management of POSIX-style threads representing the deep end of that pool. The best programmers in the world are hard-pressed to create large multithreaded programs in low-level languages like C or C++ without finding themselves impaled on the spikes of deadlock, race conditions, and other perils inherent in the use of in multiple simultaneous threads of execution that share the same memory space. Extremely careful application of locking primitives is required to avoid performance-robbing levels of contention for shared dataand the bugs, oh the bugs! The term "Heisenbug" may as well have been invented for multithreaded programming.
Nineteen years after Be tilted at the windmill of the widening swath of silicon in desktop PCs, the challenge has only grown. Those transistors are out there, manmore than ever before. Single-threaded programs on today's high-end desktop Macs, even when using "100%" CPU, extend but a single glowing tower in a sea of sixteen otherwise empty lanes on a CPU monitor window.
And woe be unto the user if that pegged CPU core is running the main thread of a GUI application on Mac OS X. A CPU-saturated main thread means no new user inputs are being pulled off the event queue by the application. A few seconds of that and an old friend makes its appearance: the spinning beach ball of death.
This is the enemy: hardware with more computing resources than programmers know what to do with, most of it completely idle, and all the while the user is utterly blocked in his attempts to use the current application. What's Snow Leopard's answer? Read on
Snow Leopard's answer to the concurrency conundrum is called Grand Central Dispatch (GCD). As with QuickTime X, the name is extremely apt, though this is not entirely clear until you understand the technology.
The first thing to know about GCD is that it's not a new Cocoa framework or similar special-purpose frill off to the side. It's a plain C library baked into the lowest levels of Mac OS X. (It's in libSystem, which incorporates libc and the other code that sits at the very bottom of userspace.)
There's no need to link in a new library to use GCD in your program. Just #include <dispatch/dispatch.h> and you're off to the races. The fact that GCD is a C library means that it can be used from all of the C-derived languages supported on Mac OS X: Objective-C, C++, and Objective-C++.
GCD is built on a few simple entities. Let's start with queues. A queue in GCD is just what it sounds like. Tasks are enqueued, and then dequeued in FIFO order. (That's "First In, First Out," just like the checkout line at the supermarket, for those who don't know and don't want to follow the link.) Dequeuing the task means handing it off to a thread where it will execute and do its actual work.
Though GCD queues will hand tasks off to threads in FIFO order, several tasks from the same queue may be running in parallel at any given time. This animation demonstrates.
You'll notice that Task B completed before Task A. Though dequeuing is FIFO, task completion is not. Also note that even though there were three tasks enqueued, only two threads were used. This is an important feature of GCD which we'll discuss shortly.
But first, let's look at the other kind of queue. A serial queue works just like a normal queue, except that it only executes one task at a time. That means task completion in a serial queue is also FIFO. Serial queues can be created explicitly, just like normal queues, but each application also has an implicit "main queue" which is a serial queue that runs on the main thread.
The animation above shows threads appearing as work needs to be done, and disappearing as they're no longer needed. Where do these threads come from and where do they go when they're done? GCD maintains a global pool of threads which it hands out to queues as they're needed. When a queue has no more pending tasks to run on a thread, the thread goes back into the pool.
This is an extremely important aspect of GCD's design. Perhaps surprisingly, one of the most difficult parts of extracting maximum performance using traditional, manually managed threads is figuring out exactly how many threads to create. Too few, and you risk leaving hardware idle. Too many, and you start to spend a significant amount of time simply shuffling threads in and out of the available processor cores.
Let's say a program has a problem that can be split into eight separate, independent units of work. If this program then creates four threads on an eight-core machine, is this an example of creating too many or too few threads? Trick question! The answer is that it depends on what else is happening on the system.
If six of the eight cores are totally saturated doing some other work, then creating four threads will just require the OS to waste time rotating those four threads through the two available cores. But wait, what if the process that was saturating those six cores finishes? Now there are eight available cores but only four threads, leaving half the cores idle.
With the exception of programs that can reasonably expect to have the entire machine to themselves when they run, there's no way for a programmer to know ahead of time exactly how many threads he should create. Of the available cores on a particular machine, how many are in use? If more become available, how will my program know?
The bottom line is that the optimal number of threads to put in flight at any given time is best determined by a single, globally aware entity. In Snow Leopard, that entity is GCD. It will keep zero threads in its pool if there are no queues that have tasks to run. As tasks are dequeued, GCD will create and dole out threads in a way that optimizes the use of the available hardware. GCD knows how many cores the system has, and it knows how many threads are currently executing tasks. When a queue no longer needs a thread, it's returned to the pool where GCD can hand it out to another queue that has a task ready to be dequeued.
There are further optimizations inherent in this scheme. In Mac OS X, threads are relatively heavyweight. Each thread maintains its own set of register values, stack pointer, and program counter, plus kernel data structures tracking its security credentials, scheduling priority, set of pending signals and signal masks, etc. It all adds up to over 512 KB of overhead per thread. Create a thousand threads and you've just burned about a half a gigabyte of memory and kernel resources on overhead alone, before even considering the actual data within each thread.
Compare a thread's 512 KB of baggage with GCD queues which have a mere 256 bytes of overhead. Queues are very lightweight, and developers are encouraged to create as many of them as they needthousands, even. In the earlier animation, when the queue was given two threads to process its three tasks, it executed two tasks on one of the threads. Not only are threads heavyweight in terms of memory overhead, they're also relatively costly to create. Creating a new thread for each task would be the worst possible scenario. Every time GCD can use a thread to execute more than one task, it's a win for overall system efficiency.
Remember the problem of the programmer trying to figure out how many threads to create? Using GCD, he doesn't have to worry about that at all. Instead, he can concentrate entirely on the optimal concurrency of his algorithm in the abstract. If the best-case scenario for his problem would use 500 concurrent tasks, then he can go ahead and create 500 GCD queues and distribute his work among them. GCD will figure out how many actual threads to create to do the work. Furthermore it will adjust the number of threads dynamically as the conditions on the system change.
But perhaps most importantly, as new hardware is released with more and more CPU cores, the programmer does not need to change his application at all. Thanks to GCD, it will transparently take advantage of any and all available computing resources, up tobut not past!the optimal amount of concurrency as originally defined by the programmer when he chose how many queues to create.
But wait, there's more! GCD queues can actually be arranged in arbitrarily complex directed acyclic graphs. (Actually, they can be cyclic too, but then the behavior is undefined. Don't do that.) Queue hierarchies can be used to funnel tasks from disparate subsystems into a narrower set of centrally controlled queues, or to force a set of normal queues to delegate to a serial queue, effectively serializing them all indirectly.
There are also several levels of priority for queues, dictating how often and with what urgency threads are distributed to them from the pool. Queues can be suspended, resumed, and cancelled. Queues can also be grouped, allowing all tasks distributed to the group to be tracked and accounted for as a unit.
Overall, GCD's use of queues and threads forms a simple, elegant, but also extremely pragmatic architecture.
Okay, so GCD is a great way to make efficient use of the available hardware. But is it really any better than BeOS's approach to multithreading? We've already seen a few ways that GCD avoids the pitfalls of BeOS (e.g., the reuse of threads and the maintenance of a global pool of threads that's correctly sized for the available hardware). But what about the problem of overwhelming the programmer by requiring threads in places where they complicate, rather than enhance the application?
GCD embodies a philosophy that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from BeOS's "pervasive multithreading" design. Rather than achieving responsiveness by getting every possible component of an application running concurrently on its own thread (and paying a heavy price in terms of complex data sharing and locking concerns), GCD encourages a much more limited, hierarchical approach: a main application thread where all the user events are processed and the interface is updated, and worker threads doing specific jobs as needed.
In other words, GCD doesn't require developers to think about how best to split the work of their application into multiple concurrent threads (though when they're ready to do that, GCD will be willing and able to help). At its most basic level, GCD aims to encourage developers to move from thinking synchronously to thinking asynchronous. Something like this: "Write your application as usual, but if there's any part of its operation that can reasonably be expected to take more than a few seconds to complete, then for the love of Zarzycki, get it off the main thread!"
That's it; no more, no less. Beach ball banishment is the cornerstone of user interface responsiveness. In some respects, everything else is gravy. But most developers know this intuitively, so why do we still see the beach ball in Mac OS X applications? Why don't all applications already execute all of their potentially long-running tasks on background threads?
A few reasons have been mentioned already (e.g., the difficulty of knowing how many threads to create) but the big one is much more pragmatic. Spinning off a thread and collecting its result has always been a bit of a pain. It's not so much that it's technically difficult, it's just that it's such an explicit break from coding the actual work of your application to coding all this task-management plumbing. And so, especially in borderline cases, like an operation that may take 3 to 5 seconds, developers just do it synchronously and move onto the next thing.
Unfortunately, there's a surprising number of very common things that an application can do that execute quickly most of the time, but have the potential to take much longer than a few seconds when something goes wrong. Anything that touches the file system may stall at the lowest levels of the OS (e.g., within blocking read() and write() calls) and be subject to a very long (or at least an "unexamined-by-the-application-developer") timeout. The same goes for name lookups (e.g., DNS or LDAP), which almost always execute instantly, but catch many applications completely off-guard when they start taking their sweet time to return a result. Thus, even the most meticulously constructed Mac OS X applications can end up throwing the beach ball in our face from time to time.
With GCD, Apple is saying it doesn't have to be this way. For example, suppose a document-based application has a button that, when clicked, will analyze the current document and display some interesting statistics about it. In the common case, this analysis should execute in under a second, so the following code is used to connect the button with an action:
The first line of the function body analyzes the document, the second line updates the application's internal state, and the third line tells the application that the statistics view needs to be updated to reflect this new state. It all follows a very common pattern, and it works great as long as none of these stepswhich are all running on the main thread, remembertakes too long. Because after the user presses the button, the main thread of the application needs to handle that user input as fast as possible so it can get back to the main event loop to process the next user action.
The code above works great until a user opens a very large or very complex document. Suddenly, the "analyze" step doesn't take one or two seconds, but 15 or 30 seconds instead. Hello, beach ball. And still, the developer is likely to hem and haw: "This is really an exceptional situation. Most of my users will never open such a large file. And anyway, I really don't want to start reading documentation about threads and adding all that extra code to this simple, four-line function. The plumbing would dwarf the code that does the actual work!"
Well, what if I told you that you could move the document analysis to the background by adding just two lines of code (okay, and two lines of closing braces), all located within the existing function? No application-global objects, no thread management, no callbacks, no argument marshalling, no context objects, not even any additional variables. Behold, Grand Central Dispatch:
There's a hell of a lot of packed into those two lines of code. All of the functions in GCD begin with dispatch_, and you can see four such calls in the blue lines of code above. The key to the minimal invasiveness of this code is revealed in the second argument to the two dispatch_async() calls. Thus far, I've been discussing "units of work" without specifying how, exactly, GCD models such a thing. The answer, now revealed, should seem obvious in retrospect: blocks! The ability of blocks to capture the surrounding context is what allows these GCD calls to be dropped right into some existing code without requiring any additional setup or re-factoring or other contortions in service of the API.
But the best part of this code is how it deals with the problem of detecting when the background task completes and then showing the result. In the synchronous code, the analyze method call and the code to update the application display simply appear in the desired sequence within the function. In the asynchronous code, miraculously, this is still the case. Here's how it works.
The outer dispatch_async() call puts a task on a global concurrent GCD queue. That task, represented by the block passed as the second argument, contains the potentially time-consuming analyze method call, plus another call to dispatch_async() that puts a task onto the main queuea serial queue that runs on the main thread, rememberto update the application's user interface.
User interface updates must all be done from the main thread in a Cocoa application, so the code in the inner block could not be executed anywhere else. But rather than having the background thread send some kind of special-purpose notification back to the main thread when the analyze method call completes (and then adding some code to the application to detect and handle this notification), the work that needs to be done on the main thread to update the display is encapsulated in yet another block within the larger one. When the analyze call is done, the inner block is put onto the main queue where it will (eventually) run on the main thread and do its work of updating the display.
Believe it or not, it's just as easy to take a serial implementation of a series of independent operations and parallelize it. The code below does work on count elements of data, one after the other, and then summarizes the results once all the elements have been processed.
Now here's the parallel version which puts a separate task for each element onto a global concurrent queue. (Again, it's up to GCD to decide how many threads to actually use to execute the tasks.)
And there you have it: a for loop replaced with a concurrency-enabled equivalent with one line of code. No preparation, no additional variables, no impossible decisions about the optimal number of threads, no extra work required to wait for all the independent tests to complete. (The dispatch_apply() call will not return until all the tasks it has dispatched have completed.) Stunning.
Of all the APIs added in Snow Leopard, Grand Central Dispatch has the most far-reaching implications for the future of Mac OS X. Never before has it been so easy to do work asynchronously and to spread workloads across many CPUs.
When I first heard about Grand Central Dispatch, I was extremely skeptical. The greatest minds in computer science have been working for decades on the problem of how best to extract parallelism from computing workloads. Now here was Apple apparently promising to solve this problem. Ridiculous.
But Grand Central Dispatch doesn't actually address this issue at all. It offers no help whatsoever in deciding how to split your work up into independently executable tasksthat is, deciding what pieces can or should be executed asynchronously or in parallel. That's still entirely up to the developer (and still a tough problem). What GCD does instead is much more pragmatic. Once a developer has identified something that can be split off into a separate task, GCD makes it as easy and non-invasive as possible to actually do so.
The use of FIFO queues, and especially the existence of serialized queues, seems counter to the spirit of ubiquitous concurrency. But we've seen where the Platonic ideal of multithreading leads, and it's not a pleasant place for developers.
One of Apple's slogans for Grand Central Dispatch is "islands of serialization in a sea of concurrency." That does a great job of capturing the practical reality of adding more concurrency to run-of-the-mill desktop applications. Those islands are what isolate developers from the thorny problems of simultaneous data access, deadlock, and other pitfalls of multithreading. Developers are encouraged to identify functions of their applications that would be better executed off the main thread, even if they're made up of several sequential or otherwise partially interdependent tasks. GCD makes it easy to break off the entire unit of work while maintaining the existing order and dependencies between subtasks.
Those with some multithreaded programming experience may be unimpressed with the GCD. So Apple made a thread pool. Big deal. They've been around forever. But the angels are in the details. Yes, the implementation of queues and threads has an elegant simplicity, and baking it into the lowest levels of the OS really helps to lower the perceived barrier to entry, but it's the API built around blocks that makes Grand Central Dispatch so attractive to developers. Just as Time Machine was "the first backup system people will actually use," Grand Central Dispatch is poised to finally spread the heretofore dark art of asynchronous application design to all Mac OS X developers. I can't wait.
So far, we've seen a few examples of doing more with more: a new, more modern compiler infrastructure that supports an important new language feature, and a powerful, pragmatic concurrency API built on top of the new compilers' support for said language feature. All this goes a long way towards helping developers and the OS itself make maximum use of the available hardware.
But CPUs are not the only components experiencing a glut of transistors. When it comes to the proliferation of independent computation engines, another piece of silicon inside every Mac is the undisputed title holder: the GPU.
The numbers tell the tale. While Mac CPUs contain up to four cores (which may show up as eight logical cores thanks to symmetric multithreading), high-end GPUs contain well over 200 processor cores. While CPUs are just now edging over 100 GFLOPS, the best GPUs are capable of over 1,000 GFLOPS. That's one trillion floating-point operations per second. And like CPUs, GPUs now come more than one on a board.
Unfortunately, the cores on a GPU are not general-purpose processors (at least not yet). They're much simpler computing engines that have evolved from the fixed-function silicon of their ancestors that could not be programmed directly at all. They don't support the rich set of instructions available on CPUs, the maximum size of the programs that will run is often limited and very small, and not all of the features of the industry-standard IEEE floating-point computation specification are supported.
Today's GPUs can be programmed, but the most common forms of programmability are still firmly planted in the world of graphics programming: vertex shaders, geometry shaders, pixel shaders. Most of the languages used to program GPUs are similarly graphically focused: HLSL, GLSL, Cg.
Nevertheless, there are computational tasks outside the realm of graphics that are a good fit for GPU hardware. It would be nice if there were a non-graphics-oriented language to write them in. Creating such a thing is quite a challenge, however. GPU hardware varies wildly in every imaginable way: number and type of execution units, available data formats, instruction sets, memory architecture, you name it. Programmers don't want to be exposed to these differences, but it's difficult to work around the complete lack of a feature or the unavailability of a particular data type.
GPU vendor NVIDIA gave it a shot, however, and produced CUDA: a subset of the C language with extensions for vector data types, data storage specifiers that reflect typical GPU memory hierarchy, and several bundled computational libraries. CUDA is but one entrant in the burgeoning GPGPU field (General-Purpose computing on Graphics Processing Units). But coming from a GPU vendor, it faces an uphill battle with developers who really want a vendor-agnostic solution.
In the world of 3D programming, OpenGL fills that role. As you've surely guessed by now, OpenCL aims to do the same for general-purpose computation. In fact, OpenCL is supported by the same consortium as OpenGL: the ominously named Khronos Group. But make no mistake, OpenCL is Apple's baby.
Apple understood that OpenCL's best chance of success was to become an industry standard, not just an Apple technology. To make that happen, Apple needed the cooperation of the top GPU vendors, plus an agreement with an established, widely-recognized standards body. It took a while, but now it's all come together.
OpenCL is a lot like CUDA. It uses a C-like language with the vector extensions, it has a similar model of memory hierarchy, and so on. This is no surprise, considering how closely Apple worked with NVIDIA during the development of OpenCL. There's also no way any of the big GPU vendors would radically alter their hardware to support an as-yet-unproven standard, so OpenCL had to work well with GPUs already designed to support CUDA, GLSL, and other existing GPU programming languages.
This is all well and good, but to have any impact on the day-to-day life of Mac users, developers actually have to use OpenCL in their applications. Historically, GPGPU programming languages have not seen much use in traditional desktop applications. There are several reasons for this.
Early on, writing programs for the GPU often required the use of vendor-specific assembly languages that were far removed from the experience of writing a typical desktop application using a contemporary GUI API. The more C-like languages that came later remained either graphics-focused, vendor-specific, or both. Unless running code on the GPU would accelerate a core component of an application by an order of magnitude, most developers still could not be bothered to navigate this foreign world.
And even if the GPU did give a huge speed boost, relying on graphics hardware for general-purpose computation was very likely to narrow the potential audience for an application. Many older GPUs, especially those found in laptops, cannot run languages like CUDA at all.
Apple's key decision in the design of OpenCL was to allow OpenCL programs to run not just on GPUs, but on CPUs as well. An OpenCL program can query the hardware it's running on and enumerate all eligible OpenCL devices, categorized as CPUs, GPUs, or dedicated OpenCL accelerators (the IBM Cell Blade serveryes, that Cellis apparently one such device). The program can then dispatch its OpenCL tasks to any available device. It's also possible to create a single logical device consisting of any combination of eligible computing resources: two GPUs, a GPU and two CPUs, etc.
The advantages of being able to run OpenCL programs on both CPUs and GPUs are obvious. Every Mac running Snow Leopard, not just those with the recent-model GPUs, can run a program that contains OpenCL code. But there's more to it than that.
Certain kinds of algorithms actually run faster on high-end multi-core CPUs than on even the very fastest available GPUs. At WWDC 2009, an engineer from Electronic Arts demonstrated an OpenCL port of a skinning engine from one of its games running over four times faster on a four-core Mac Pro than on an NVIDIA GeForce GTX285. Restructuring the algorithm and making many other changes to better suit the limitations (and strengths) of the GPU pushed it back ahead of the CPU by a wide margin, but sometimes you just want the system you have to run well as-is. Being able to target the CPU is extremely useful in those cases.
Moreover, writing vector code for Intel CPUs "the old-fashioned way" can be a real pain. There's MMX, SSE, SSE2, SSE3, and SSE4 to deal with, all with slightly different capabilities, and all of which force the programmer to write code like this:
Similarly, OpenCL's support for implicit parallelism makes it much easier to take advantage of multiple CPU cores. Rather than writing all the logic to split your data into pieces and distribute those pieces to the parallel-computing hardware, OpenCL lets you write just the code to operate on a single piece of the data and then send it, along with the entire block of data and the desired level of parallelism, to the computing device.
This arrangement is taken for granted in traditional graphics programming, where code implicitly works on all pixels in a texture or all vertices in a polygon; the programmer only needs to write code that will exist in the "inner loop," so to speak. An API with support for this kind of parallelism that runs on CPUs as well as GPUs fills an important gap.
Writing to OpenCL also future-proofs task- or data-parallel code. Just as the same OpenGL code will get faster and faster as newer, more powerful GPUs are released, so too will OpenCL code perform better as CPUs and GPUs get faster. The extra layer of abstraction that OpenCL provides makes this possible. For example, though vector code written several years ago using MMX got faster as CPU clock speeds increased, a more significant performance boost likely requires porting the code to one of the newer SSE instruction sets.
As newer, more powerful vector instruction sets and parallel hardware becomes available, Apple will update its OpenCL implementations to take advantage of them, just as video card makers and OS vendors update their OpenGL drivers to take advantage of faster GPUs. Meanwhile, the application developer's code remains unchanged. Not even a recompile is required.
How, you may wonder, can the same compiled code end up executing using SSE2 on one machine and SSE4 on another, or on an NVIDIA GPU on one machine and an ATI GPU on another? To do so would require translating the device-independent OpenCL code to the instruction set of the target computing device at runtime. When running on a GPU, OpenCL must also ship the data and the newly translated code over to the video card and collect the results at the end. When running on the CPU, OpenCL must arrange for the requested level of parallelism by creating and distributing threads appropriately to the available cores.
Well, wouldn't you know it? Apple just happens to have two technologies that solve these exact problems.
Want to compile code "just in time" and ship it off to a computing device? That's what LLVM was born to doand, indeed, what Apple did with it in Leopard, albeit on a more limited scale. OpenCL is a natural extension of that work. LLVM allows Apple to write a single code generator for each target instruction set, and concentrate all of its effort on a single device-independent code optimizer. There's no longer any need to duplicate these tasks, using one compiler to create the static application executable and having to jury-rig another for just-in-time compilation.
(Oh, and by the way, remember Core Image? That's another API that needs to compile code just-in-time and ship it off to execute on parallel hardware like GPUs and multi-core CPUs. In Snow Leopard, Core Image has been re-implemented using OpenCL, producing a hefty 25% overall performance boost.)
To handle task parallelism and provision threads, OpenCL is built on top of Grand Central Dispatch. This is such a natural fit that it's a bit surprising that the OpenCL API doesn't use blocks. I think Apple decided that it shouldn't press its luck when it comes to getting its home-grown technologies adopted by other vendors. This decision already seems to be paying off, as AMD has its own OpenCL implementation under way.
Though the underlying technologies, Clang, blocks and Grand Central Dispatch, will undoubtedly be more widely used by developers, OpenCL represents the culmination of that particular technological thread in Snow Leopard. This is the gold standard of software engineering: creating a new public API by building it on top of lower-level, but equally well-designed and implemented public APIs.
A unified abstraction for the ever-growing heterogeneous collection of parallel computing silicon in desktop computers was sorely needed. We've got an increasing population of powerful CPU cores, but they still exist in numbers that are orders of magnitude lower than the hundreds of processing units in modern GPUs. On the other hand, GPUs still have a ways to go to catch up with the power and flexibility of a full-fledged CPU core. But even with all the differences, writing code exclusively for either one of those worlds still smacks of leaving money on the table.
With OpenCL in hand, there's no longer a need to put all your eggs in one silicon basket. And with the advent of hybrid CPU/GPU efforts like Intel's Larabee, which use CPU-caliber processing engines, but in much higher numbers, OpenCL may prove even more important in the coming years.
Collectively, the concurrency-enabling features introduced in Snow Leopard represent the biggest boost to asynchronous and parallel software development in any Mac OS X releaseperhaps in any desktop operating system release ever. It may be hard for end-users to get excited about "plumbing" technologies like Grand Central Dispatch and OpenCL, let alone compilers and programming language features, but it's upon these foundations that developers will create ever-more-impressive edifices of software. And if those applications tower over their synchronous, serial predecessors, it will be because they stand on the shoulders of giants.
There's been some confusion surrounding QuickTime in Snow Leopard. The earlier section about QuickTime X explains what you need to know about the present and future of QuickTime as a technology and an API. But a few of Apple's decisionsand the extremely overloaded meaning of the word "QuickTime" in the minds of consumershave blurred the picture somewhat.
The first head-scratcher occurs during installation. If you happen to click on the "Customize" button during installation, you'll see the following options:
We've already talked about Rosetta being an optional install, but QuickTime 7 too? Isn't QuickTime severely crippled without QuickTime 7? Why in the world would that be an optional install?
Well, there's no need to panic. That item in the installer should actually read "QuickTime Player 7." QuickTime 7, the old but extremely capable media framework discussed earlier, is installed by default in Snow Leopardin fact, it's mandatory. But the player application, the one with the old blue "Q" icon, the one that many casual users actually think of as being "QuickTime," that's been replaced with a new QuickTime-X-savvy version sporting a pudgy new icon (see above right).
The new player application is a big departure from the old. Obviously, it leverages QuickTime X for more efficient video playback, but the user interface is also completely new. Gone are the gray border and bottom-mounted playback controls from the old QuickTime Player, replaced by a frameless window with a black title bar and a floating, moveable set of controls.
It's like a combination of the window treatment of the excellent NicePlayer application and the full-screen playback controls from the old QuickTime Player. I'm a bit bothered by two things. First, the ever-so-slightly clipped corners seem like a bad idea. Am I just supposed to give up those dozen-or-so pixels? NicePlayer does it right, showing crisp, square corners.
Second, the floating playback controls obscure the movie. What if I'm scrubbing around looking for something in that part of the frame? Yes, you can move the controls, but what if I'm looking for something in an unknown location in the frame? Also, the title bar obscures an entire swath of the top of the frame, and this can't be moved. I appreciate the compactness of this approach, but it'd be nice if the title bar overlap could be disabled and the controls could be dragged off the movie entirely and docked to the bottom or something.
(One blessing for people who share my OCD tendencies: if you move the floating controls, they don't remember their position the next time you open a movie. Why is that a blessing? Because if it worked the other way, we'd all spend way too much time fretting about our inability to restore the controller to its default, precisely centered position. Sad, but true.)
The new QuickTime Player presents a decidedly iMovie-like (or is it iPhone-like, nowadays?) interface for trimming video. Still-frame thumbnails are placed side-by-side to form a timeline, with adjustable stops at each end for trimming.
In both the video and audio cases, I have to wonder exactly how useful the fancy timeline appearances are. The audio waveform is quite small and compressed, and the limited horizontal space of the in-window display means a movie can only show a handful of video frames in its timeline. Also, if there's any ability to do fine adjustments using something other than extremely careful mouse movements (which are necessarily subject to a limited resolution) then I couldn't find it. Final Cut Pro this is not.
QuickTime Player has learned another new trick: screen recording. The controls are limited, so more demanding users will still have a need for a full-featured screen recorder, but QuickTime Player gets the job done.
Finally, the new QuickTime Player has the ability to upload a movie directly to YouTube and MobileMe, send one via e-mail, or add it to your iTunes library. The export options are also vastly simplified, with preset options for iPhone/iPod, Apple TV, and HD 480p and 720p.
Unfortunately, the list of things you can't do with the new QuickTime Player is quite long. You can't cut, copy, and paste arbitrary portions of a movie (trimming only affects the ends); you can't extract or delete individual tracks or overlay one track onto another (optionally scaling to fit); you can't export a movie by choosing from the full set of available QuickTime audio and video codecs. All of these things were possible with the old QuickTime Playerif, that is, you paid the $30 for a QuickTime Pro license. In the past, I've described this extra fee as "criminally stupid", but the features it enabled in QuickTime Player were really useful.
It's tempting to attribute their absence in the new QuickTime Player to the previously discussed limitations of QuickTime X. But the new QuickTime Player is built on top of QTKit, which serves as a front-end for both QuickTime X and QuickTime 7. And it does, after all, feature some limited editing features like trimming, plus some previously "Pro"-only features like full-screen playback. Also, the new QuickTime Player can indeed play movies using third-party plug-insa feature clearly powered by QuickTime 7.
Well, Snow Leopard has an extremely pleasant surprise waiting for you if you install the optional QuickTime Player 7. When I did so, what I got was the old QuickTime Playersomewhat insultingly installed in the "Utilities" folderwith all of its "Pro" features permanently unlocked. Yes, the tyranny of QuickTime Pro seems to be at an end
but perhaps the key word above is "seems," because QuickTime Player 7 does not have all "pro" features unlocked for everyone. I installed Snow Leopard onto an empty disk, and QuickTime 7 was not automatically installed (as it is when the installer detects an existing QuickTime Pro license on the target disk). After booting from my fresh Snow Leopard volume, I manually installed the "QuickTime 7" optional component using the Snow Leopard installer disk.
The result for me was a QuickTime Player 7 application with all pro features unlocked and with no visible QuickTime Pro registration information. I did, however, have a QuickTime Pro license on one of the attached drives. Apparently, the installer detected this and gave me an unlocked QuickTime Player 7 application, even though the boot volume never had a QuickTime Pro license on it.
The new appearance of some aspects of the Dock are accompanied by some new functionality as well. Clicking and holding on a running application's Dock icon now triggers Expos, but only for the windows belonging to that application. Dragging a file onto a docked application icon and holding it there for a bit produces the same result. You can then continue that same drag onto one of the Expos window thumbnails and hover there a bit to bring that window to the front and drop the file into it. It's a pretty handy technique, once you get in the habit of doing it.
The Expos display itself is also changed. Now, minimized windows are displayed in smaller form on the bottom of the screen below a thin line.
In the screenshot above, you'll notice that none of the minimized windows appear in my Dock. That's thanks to another welcome addition: the ability to minimize windows "into" the application icon. You'll find the setting for this in the Dock's preference pane.
Once set, minimized windows will slip behind the icon of their parent application and then disappear. To get them back, either right-click the application icon (see right) or trigger Expos.
The Dock's grid view for folders now incorporates a scroll bar when there are too many items to fit comfortably. Clicking on a folder icon in the grid now shows that folder's contents within the grid, allowing you to navigate down several folders to find a buried item. A small "back" navigation button appears once you descend.
These are all useful new behaviors, and quite a bonus considering the supposed "no new features" stance of Snow Leopard. But the fundamental nature of the Dock remains the same. Users who want a more flexible or more powerful application launcher/folder organizer/window minimization system must still either sacrifice some functionality (e.g., Dock icon badges and bounce notifications) or continue to use the Dock in addition to a third-party application.
The option to keep minimized windows from cluttering up the Dock was long overdue. But my enthusiasm is tempered by my frustration at the continued inability to click on a docked folder and have it open in the Finder, while also retaining the ability to drag items into that folder. This was the default behavior for docked folders for the first six years of Mac OS X's life, but it changed in Leopard. Snow Leopard does not improve matters.
Docking an alias to a folder provides the single-click-open behavior, but items cannot be dragged into a docked folder alias for some inexplicable reason. (Radar 5775786, closed in March 2008 with the terse explanation, "not currently supported.") Worse, dragging an item to a docked folder alias looks like it will work (the icon highlights) but upon release, the dragged item simply springs back to its original location. I really hoped this one would get fixed in Snow Leopard. No such luck.
One of the earliest leaked screenshots of Snow Leopard included an innocuous-looking "Get Info" window for the Finder, presumably to show that its version number had been updated to 10.6. The more interesting tidbit of information it revealed was that the Finder in Snow Leopard was a 64-bit application.
The Mac OS X Finder started its life as the designated "dog food" application for the Carbon backward-compatibility API for Mac OS X. Over the years, the Finder has been a frequent target of dissatisfaction and scorn. Those bad feelings frequently spilled over into the parallel debate over API supremacy: Carbon vs. Cocoa.
"The Finder sucks because it's a Carbon app. What we need is a Cocoa Finder! Surely that will solve all our woes." Well, Snow Leopard features a 64-bit Finder, and as we all know, Carbon was not ported to 64-bit. Et voila! A Cocoa Finder in Snow Leopard. (More on the woes in a bit.)
The conversion to Cocoa followed the Snow Leopard formula: no new features except for maybe one or two. And so, the "new" Cocoa Finder looks and works almost exactly like the old Carbon Finder. The biggest indicator of its "Cocoa-ness" is the extensive use of Core Animation transitions. For example, when a Finder window does its schizophrenic transformation from a sidebar-bedecked browser window to its minimally-adorned form, it no longer happens in a blink. Instead, the sidebar slides away and fades, the toolbar shrinks, and everything tucks in to form its new shape.
Despite crossing the line in a few cases, the Core Animation transitions do make the application feel more polished, and yes, "more Cocoa." And presumably the use of Cocoa made it so darn easy to add features that the developers just couldn't resist throwing in a few.
The number-one feature request from heavy column-view users has finally been implemented: sortable columns. The sort order applies to all columns at once, which isn't as nice as per-column sorting, but it's much better than nothing at all. The sort order can be set using a menu command (each of which has a keyboard shortcut) or by right-clicking in an unoccupied area of a column and selecting from the resulting context menu.
Even the lowly icon view has been enhanced in Snow Leopard. Every icon-view window now includes a small slider to control the size of the icons.
This may seem a bit oddhow often do people change icon sizes?but it makes much more sense in the context of previewing images in the Finder. This use case is made even more relevant by the recent expansion of the maximum icon size to 512x512 pixels.
The icon previews themselves have been enhanced to better match the abilities available in Quick Look. Put it all together and you can smoothly zoom a small PDF icon, for example, into the impressively high-fidelity preview shown below, complete with the ability to turn pages. One press of the space bar and you'll progress to the even larger and more flexible Quick Look view. It's a pretty smooth experience.
QuickTime previews have been similarly enhanced. As you zoom in on the icon, it transforms into a miniature movie player, adorned with an odd circular progress indicator. Assuming users are willing to wrangle with the vagaries of the Finder's view settings successfully enough to get icon view to stick for the windows where it's most useful, I think that odd little slider is actually going to get a lot of use.
List view also has a few enhancementsaccidental, incidental, or otherwise. The drag area for each list view item now spans the entire line. In Leopard, though the entire line was highlighted, only the file name or icon portion could be dragged. Trying to drag anywhere else just extended the selection to other items in the list view as the cursor was moved. I'm not sure whether this change in behavior is intentional or if it's just an unexamined consequence of the underlying control used for list view in the new Cocoa Finder. Either way, thumbs up.
Double-clicking on the dividing line between two column headers in list view will "right-size" that column. For most columns, this means expanding or shrinking to minimally fit the widest value in the column. Date headers will progressively shrink to show less verbose date formats. Supposedly, this worked intermittently in Leopard as well. But whether Cocoa is bringing this feature for the first time or is just making it work correctly for the first time, it's a change for the better.
Searching using the Finder's browser view is greatly improved by the implementation of one of those little things that many users have been clamoring for year after year. There's now a preference to select the default scope of the search field in the Finder window toolbar. Can I get an amen?
Along similar lines, there are other long-desired enhancements that will go a long way towards making the desktop environment feel more solid. A good example is the improved handling of the dreaded "cannot eject, disk in use" error. The obvious follow-up question from the user is, "Okay, so what's using it?" Snow Leopard finally provides that information.
(Yes, Mac OS X will refuse to eject a disk if your current working directory in a command-line shell is on that disk. Kind of cool, but also kind of annoying.)
Another possible user response to a disk-in-use error is, "I don't care. I'm in a hurry. Just eject it!" That's an option now as well.
Hm, but why did I get information about the offending application in one dialog, an option to force ejection in the other, but neither one presented both choices? It's a mystery to me, but presumably it's related to exactly what information the Finder has about the contention for the disk. (As always, the lsof command is available if you want to figure it out the old-fashioned way.)
So does the new Cocoa Finder finally banish all of those embarrassing bugs from the bad-old days of Carbon? Not quite. This is essentially the "1.0" release of the Cocoa Finder, and it has its share of 1.0 bugs. Here's one discovered by Glen Aspeslagh (see image right).
Do you see it? If not, look closer at the order of the dates in the supposedly sorted "Date Modified" column. So yeah, that old Finder magic has not been entirely extinguished.
There also remains some weirdness in the operation of the icon grid. In a view where grid snap is turned on (or is enabled transiently by holding down the command key during a drag) icons seem terrified of each other, leaving huge distances between themselves and their neighbors when they select which grid spot to snap to. It's as if the Finder lives in mortal fear that one of these files will someday get a 200-character filename that will overlap with a neighboring file's name.
The worst incarnation of this behavior happens along the right edge of the screen where mounted volumes appear on the desktop. (Incidentally, this is not the default; if you want to see disks on your desktop, you must enable this preference in the Finder.) When I mount a new disk, I'm often surprised to see where it ends up appearing. If there are any icons remotely close to the right edge of the screen, the disk icon will refuse to appear there. Again, the Finder is not avoiding any actual name or icon overlapping. It appears to be avoiding the mere possibility of overlapping at some unspecified point in the future. Silly.
Overall, the Snow Leopard Finder takes several significant steps forward64-bit/Cocoa future-proofing, a few new, useful features, added polishand only a few shuffles backwards with the slight overuse of animation and the continued presence of some puzzling bugs. Considering how long it took the Carbon Finder to get to its pre-Snow-Leopard feature set and level of polish, it's quite an achievement for a Cocoa Finder to match or exceed its predecessor in its very first release. I'm sure the Carbon vs. Cocoa warriors would have had a field day with that statement, were Carbon not put out to pasture in Leopard. But it was, and to the victor go the spoils.
Snow Leopard's headline "one new feature" is support for Microsoft Exchange. This appears to be, at least partially, yet another hand-me-down from the iPhone, which gained support for Exchange in its 2.0 release and expanded on it in 3.0. Snow Leopard's Exchange support is weaved throughout the expected crop of applications in Mac OS X: iCal, Mail, and Address Book.
The big caveat is that it will only work with a server running Exchange 2007 (Service Pack 1, Update Rollup 4) or later. While I'm sure Microsoft greatly appreciates any additional upgrade revenue this decision provides, it means that for users whose workplaces are still running older versions of Exchange, Snow Leopard's "Exchange support" might as well not exist.
Those users are probably already running the only other viable Mac OS X Exchange client, Microsoft Entourage, so they'll likely just sit tight and wait for their IT departments to upgrade. Meanwhile, Microsoft is already making overtures to these users with the promised creationfinallyof an honest-to-goodness version of Outlook for Mac OS X.
In my admittedly brief testing, Snow Leopard's Exchange support seems to work as expected. I had to have one of the Microsoft mavens in the Ars Orbiting HQ spin up an Exchange 2007 server just for the purposes of this review. However it was configured, all I had to enter in the Mail application was my full name, e-mail address, and password, and it automatically discovered all relevant settings and configured iCal and Address Book for me.
Windows users are no doubt accustomed to this kind of Exchange integration, but it's the first time I've seen it on the Mac platformand that includes my many years of using Entourage.
Access to Exchange-related features is decidedly subdued, in keeping with the existing interfaces for Mail, iCal, and Address Book. If you're expecting the swarm of panels and toolbar buttons found in Outlook on Windows, you're in for a bit of a shock. For example, here's the "detail" view of a meeting in iCal.
The "availability" window also includes the bare minimum number of controls and displays to get the job done.
The integration into Mail and Address Book is even more subtlealmost entirely transparent. This is to be construed as a feature, I suppose. But though I don't know enough about Exchange to be completely sure, I can't shake the feeling that there are Exchange features that remain inaccessible from Mac OS X clients. For example, how do I book a "resource" in a meeting? If there's a way to do so, I couldn't discover it.
Still, even basic Exchange integration out-of-the-box goes long way towards making Mac OS X more welcome in corporate environments. It remains to be seen how convinced IT managers are of the "realness" of Snow Leopard's Exchange integration. But I've got to think that being able to send and receive mail, create and respond to meeting invitations, and use the global corporate address book is enough for any Mac user to get along reasonably well in an Exchange-centric environment.
The thing is, there's not really much to say about performance in Snow Leopard. Dozens of benchmark graphs lead to the same simple conclusion: Snow Leopard is faster than Leopard. Not shockingly so, at least in the aggregate, but it's faster. And while isolating one particular subsystem with a micro-benchmark may reveal some impressive numbers, it's the way these small changes combine to improve the real-world experience of using the system that really makes a difference.
One example Apple gave at WWDC was making an initial Time Machine backup over the network to a Time Capsule. Apple's approach to optimizing this operation was to address each and every subsystem involved.
Time Machine itself was given support for overlapping i/o. Spotlight indexing, which happens on Time Machine volumes as well, was identified as another time-consuming task involved in backups, so its performance was improved. The networking code was enhanced to take advantage of hardware-accelerated checksums where possible, and the software checksum code was hand-tuned for maximum performance. The performance of HFS+ journaling, which accompanies each file system metadata update, was also improved. For Time Machine backups that write to disk images rather than native HFS+ file systems, Apple added support for concurrent access to disk images. The amount of network traffic produced by AFP during backups has also been reduced.
All of this adds up to a respectable 55% overall improvement in the speed of an initial Time Machine backup. And, of course, the performance improvements to the individual subsystems benefit all applications that use them, not just Time Machine.
This holistic approach to performance improvement is not likely to knock anyone's socks off, but every time you run across a piece of functionality in Snow Leopard that disproportionately benefits from one of these optimized subsystems, it's a pleasure.
For example, Snow Leopard shuts down and restarts much faster than Leopard. I'm not talking about boot time; I mean the time between the selection of the Shutdown or Restart command and when the system turns off or begins its new boot cycle. Leopard doesn't take long at all to do this; only a few dozen of seconds when there are no applications open. But in Snow Leopard, it's so fast that I often thought the operating system had crashed rather than shut down cleanly. (That's actually not too far from the truth.)
The performance boosts offered by earlier major releases of Mac OS X still dwarf Snow Leopard's speedup, but that's mostly because Mac OS X was so excruciatingly sluggish in its early years. It's easy to create a big performance delta when you're starting from something abysmally slow. The fact that Snow Leopard achieves consistent, measurable improvements over the already-speedy Leopard is all the more impressive.
And yes, for the seventh consecutive time, a new release of Mac OS X is faster on the same hardware than its predecessor. (And for the first time ever, it's smaller, too.) What more can you ask for, really? Even that old performance bugaboo, window resizing, has been completely vanquished. Grab the corner of a fully-populated iCal windowthe worst-case scenario for window resizing in the old daysand shake it as fast as you can. Your cursor will never be more than a few millimeters from the window's grab handle; it tracks your frantic motion perfectly. On most Macs, this is actually true in Leopard as well. It just goes to show how far Mac OS X has come on the performance front. These days, we all just take it for granted, which is exactly the way it should be.
In the "grab bag" section, I usually examine smaller, mostly unrelated features that don't warrant full-blown sections of their own. But when it comes to user-visible features, Snow Leopard is kind of "all grab bag," if you know what I mean. Apple's even got its own incarnation in the form of a giant webpage of "refinements." I'll probably overlap with some of those, but there'll be a few new ones here as well.
The list view in open and save dialog boxed now supports more than just "Name" and "Date Modified" columns. Right-click on any column to get a choice of additional columns to display. I've wanted this feature for a long time, and I'm glad someone finally had time to implement it.
The bundled Image Capture application now has the ability to talk to a wide range of scanners. I plugged in my Epson Stylus CX7800, a device that previously required the use of third-party software in order to use the scanning feature, and Image Capture detected it immediately.
Image Capture is also not a bad little scanning application. It has pretty good automatic object detection, including support for multiple objects, obviating the need to manually crop items. Given the sometimes-questionable quality of third-party printer and scanner drivers for Mac OS X, the ability to use a bundled application is welcome.
System Preferences, like virtually all other applications in Snow Leopard, is 64-bit. But since 64-bit applications can't load 32-bit plug-ins, that presents a problem for the existing crop of 32-bit third-party preference panes. System Preferences handles this situation with a reasonable amount of grace. On launch, it will display icons for all installed preference panes, 64-bit or 32-bit. But if you click on a 32-bit preference pane, you'll be presented with a notification like this:
Click "OK" and System Preferences will relaunch in 32-bit mode, which is conveniently indicated in the title bar. Since all of the first-party preference panes are compiled for both 64-bit and 32-bit operation, System Preferences does not need to relaunch again for the duration of its use. This raises the question, why not have System Preferences launch in 32-bit mode all the time? I suspect it's just another way for Apple to "encourage" developers to build 64-bit-compatible binaries.
The inability of of 64-bit applications load 32-bit plug-ins is a problem for Safari as well. Plug-ins are so important to the Web experience that relaunching in 32-bit mode is not really an option. You'd probably need to relaunch as soon as you visited your first webpage. But Apple does want Safari to run in 64-bit mode due to some significant performance enhancements in the JavaScript engine and other areas of the application that are not available in 32-bit mode.
Apple's solution is similar to what it did with QuickTime X and 32-bit QuickTime 7 plug-ins. Safari will run 32-bit plug-ins in separate 32-bit processes as needed.
This has the added, extremely significant benefit of isolating potentially buggy plug-ins. According to the automated crash reporting built into Mac OS X, Apple has said that the number one cause of crashes is Web browser plug-ins. That's not the number one cause of crashes in Safari, mind you, it's the number one cause when considering all crashes of all applications in Mac OS X. (And though it was not mentioned by name, I think we all know the primary culprit.)
As you can see above, the QuickTime browser plug-in gets the same treatment as Flash and other third-party 32-bit Safari plug-ins. All of this means that when a plug-in crashes, Safari in Snow Leopard does not. The window or tab containing the crashing plug-in doesn't even close. You can simply click the reload button and give the problematic plug-in another chance to function correctly.
While this is still far from the much more robust approach employed by Google Chrome, where each tab lives in its own independent process, if Apple's crash statistics are to be believed, isolating plug-ins may generate most of the benefit of truly separate processes with a significantly less radical change to the Safari application itself.
When we last left Mac OS X in its seemingly interminable march towards a truly scalable user interface, it was almost ready for prime time. I'm sad to say that resolution independence was obviously not a priority in Snow Leopard, because it hasn't gotten any better, and may have actually regressed a bit. Here's what TextEdit looks like at a 2.0 scale factor in Leopard and Snow Leopard.
Yep, it's a bummer. I still remember Apple advising developers to have their applications ready for resolution independence by 2008. That's one of the few dates that the Jobs-II-era Apple has not been able to hit, and it's getting later all the time. On the other hand, it's not like 200-DPI monitors are raining from the sky either. But I'd really like to see Apple get going on this. It will undoubtedly take a long time for everything to look and work correctly, so let's get started.
The Terminal application in Tiger and earlier versions of Mac OS X allowed each of its windows to be split horizontally into two separate panes. This was invaluable for referencing some earlier text in the scrollback while also typing commands at the prompt. Sadly, the splitter feature disappeared in Leopard. In Snow Leopard, it's back with a vengeance.
Terminal in Snow Leopard also defaults to the new Menlo font. But contrary to earlier reports, the One True Monospaced Font, Monaco, is most definitely still included in Snow Leopard (see screenshot above) and it works just fine.
The seemingly obligatory rearrangement of preference panes in the System Preferences application accompanying each release of Mac OS X continues in Snow Leopard.
This time, the "Keyboard & Mouse" preference pane is split into separate "Keyboard" and "Mouse" panes, "International" becomes "Language & Text," and the "Internet & Network" section becomes "Internet & Wireless" and adopts the Bluetooth preference pane.
Someday in the distant future, perhaps Apple will finally arrive at the "ultimate" arrangement of preference panes and we can all finally go more than two years without our muscle memory being disrupted.
Before moving on, System Preferences has one neat trick. You can launch directly into a specific preference pane by right-clicking on System Preferences's Dock icon. This works even when System Preferences is not yet running. Kind of creepy, but useful.
One more gift from the iPhone, Core Location, allows Macs to figure out where in the world they are. The "Date & Time" preference pane offers to set your time zone automatically based on your current location using this newfound ability.
Set your Mac's time zone automatically based on your current location, thanks to Core Location. Keyboard magic
Snow Leopard includes a simple facility for system-wide text auto-correction and expansion, accessible from the "Language & Text" preference pane. It's not quite ready to give a dedicated third-party application a run for its money, but hey, it's free.
The keyboard shortcuts preference pane has also been rearranged. Now, instead of a single, long list of system-wide keyboard shortcuts, they're arranged into categories. This reduces clutter, but it also makes it a bit more difficult to find the shortcut you're interested in.
I don't like to leave my Mac Pro turned on 24 hours a day, especially during the summer in my un-air-conditioned house. But I do want to have access to the files on my Mac when I'm elsewhereat work, on the road, etc. It is possible to wake a sleeping Mac remotely, but doing so requires being on the same local network.
My solution has been to leave a smaller, more power-efficient laptop on at all times on the same network as my Mac Pro. To wake my Mac Pro remotely, I ssh into the laptop, then send the magic "wake up" packet to my Mac Pro. (For this to work, the "Wake for Ethernet network administrator access" checkbox must be checked in the "Energy Saver" preference pane in System Preferences.)
Snow Leopard provides a way to do this without leaving any of my computers running all day. When a Mac running Snow Leopard is put to sleep, it attempts to hand off ownership of its IP address to its router. (This only works with an AirPort Extreme base station from 2007 or later, or a Time Capsule from 2008 or later with the latest (7.4.2) firmware installed.) The router then listens for any attempt to connect to the IP address. When one occurs, it wakes up the original owner, hands back the IP address, and forwards traffic appropriately.
You can even wake some recent-model Macs over WiFi. Combined with MobileMe's "Back to My Mac" dynamic DNS thingamabob, it means I can leave all my Macs asleep and still have access to their contents anytime, anywhere.
As has become traditional, this new release of Mac OS X makes life a bit harder for developers whose software works by patching the in-memory representation of other running applications or the operating system itself. This includes Input Managers, SIMBL plug-ins, and of course the dreaded "Haxies."
Input Managers get the worst of it. They've actually been unsupported and non-functional in 64-bit applications since Leopard. That wasn't such a big deal when Mac OS X shipped with a whopping two 64-bit applications. But now, with almost every application in Snow Leopard going 64-bit, it's suddenly very significant.
Thanks to Safari's lack of an officially sanctioned extension mechanism, developers looking to enhance its functionality have most often resorted to the use of Input Managers and SIMBL (which is an Input-Manager-based framework). A 64-bit Safari puts a damper on that entire market. Though it is possible to manually set Safari to launch in 32-bit modeGet Info on the application in the Finder and click a checkboxideally, this is not something developers want to force users to do.
Happily, at least one commonly used Safari enhancement has the good fortune to be built on top of the officially supported browser plug-in API used by Flash, QuickTime, etc. But that may not be a feasible approach for Safari extensions that enhance functionality in ways not tied directly to the display of particular types of content within a webpage.
Though I plan to run Safari in its default 64-bit mode, I'll really miss Saft, a Safari extension I use for session restoration (yes, I know Safari has this feature, but it's activated manuallythe horror) and address bar shortcuts (e.g., "w noodles" to look up "noodles" in Wikipedia). I'm hoping that clever developers will find a way to overcome this new challenge. They always seem to, in the end. (Or Apple could add a proper extension system to Safari, of course. But I'm not holding my breath.)
As for the Haxies, those usually break with each major operating system update as a matter of course. And each time, those determined fellows at Unsanity, against all odds, manage to keep their software working. I salute them for their effort. I delayed upgrading to Leopard for a long time based solely on the absence of my beloved WindowShade X. I hope I don't have to wait too long for a Snow-Leopard-compatible version.
The general trend in Mac OS X is away from any sort of involuntary memory space sharing, and towards "external" plug-ins that live in their own, separate processes. Even contextual menu plug-ins in the Finder have been disabled, replaced by an enhanced, but still less-powerful Services API. Again, I have faith that developers will adapt. But the waiting is the hardest part.
It looks like we'll all be waiting a while longer for a file system in shining armor to replace the venerable HFS+ (11 years young!) as the default file system in Mac OS X. Despite rumors, outright declarations, and much actual pre-release code, support for the impressive ZFS file system is not present in Snow Leopard.
That's a shame because Time Machine veritably cries out for some ZFS magic. What's more, Apple seems to agree, as evidenced by a post from an Apple employee to a ZFS mailing list last year. When asked about a ZFS-savvy implementation of Time Machine, the reply was encouraging: "This one is important and likely will come sometime, but not for SL." ("SL" is short for Snow Leopard.)
There are many reasons why ZFS (or a file system with similar features) is a perfect fit for Time Machine, but the most important is its ability to send only the block-level changes during each backup. As Time Machine is currently implemented, if you make a small change to a giant file, the entire giant file is copied to the Time Machine volume during the next backup. This is extremely wasteful and time consuming, especially for large files that are modified constantly during the day (e.g., Entourage's e-mail database). Time Machine running on top of ZFS could transfer just the changed disk blocks (a maximum of 128KB each in ZFS, and usually much smaller).
ZFS would also bring vastly increased robustness for data and metadata, a pooled storage model, constant-time snapshots and clones, and a pony. People sometimes ask what, exactly, is wrong with HFS+. Aside from its obvious lack of the features just listed, HFS+ is limited in many ways by its dated design, which is based on HFS, a twenty-five year-old file system.
To give just one example, the centrally located Catalog File, which must be updated for each change to the file system's structure, is a frequent and inevitable source of contention. Modern file systems usually spread their metadata around, both for robustness (multiple copies are often kept in separate locations on the disk) and to allow for better concurrency.
Practically speaking, think about those times when you run Disk Utility on an HFS+ volume and it finds (and hopefully repairs) a bunch of errors. That's bad, okay? That's something that should not happen with a modern, thoroughly checksummed, always-consistent-on-disk file system unless there are hardware problems (and a ZFS storage pool can actually deal with that as well). And yet it happens all the time with HFS+ disks in Mac OS X when various bits of metadata get corrupted or become out of date.
Apple gets by year after year, tacking new features onto HFS+ with duct tape and a prayer, but at a certain point there simply has to be a successorwhether it's ZFS, a home-grown Apple file system, or something else entirely. My fingers are crossed for Mac OS X 10.7.
Creating an operating system is as much a social exercise as a technological one. Creating a platform, even more so. All of Snow Leopard's considerable technical achievements are not just designed to benefit users; they're also intended to goad, persuade, and otherwise herd developers in the direction that Apple feels will be most beneficial for the future of the platform.
For this to work, Snow Leopard has to actually find its way into the hands of customers. The pricing helps a lot there. But even if Snow Leopard were free, there's still some cost to the consumerin time, worry, software updates, etc.when performing a major operating system upgrade. The same goes for developers who must, at the very least, certify that their existing applications run correctly on the new OS.
The usual way to overcome this kind of upgrade hesitation has been to pack the OS with new features. New features sell, and the more copies of the new operating system in use, the more motivated developers are to update their applications to not just run on the new OS, but also take advantage of its new abilities.
A major operating system upgrade with "no new features" must play by a different set of rules. Every party involved expects some counterbalance to the lack of new features. In Snow Leopard, developers stand to reap the biggest benefits thanks to an impressive set of new technologies, many of which cover areas previously unaddressed in Mac OS X. Apple clearly feels that the future of the platform depends on much better utilization of computing resources, and is doing everything it can to make it easy for developers to move in this direction.
Though it's obvious that Snow Leopard includes fewer external features than its predecessor, I'd wager that it has just as many, if not more internal changes than Leopard. This, I fear, means that the initial release of Snow Leopard will likely suffer the typical 10.x.0 bugs. There have already been reports of new bugs introduced to existing APIs in Snow Leopard. This is the exact opposite of Snow Leopard's implied promise to users and developers that it would concentrate on making existing features faster and more robust without introducing new functionality and the accompanying new bugs.
On the other side of the coin, I imagine all the teams at Apple that worked on Snow Leopard absolutely reveled in the opportunity to polish their particular subsystems without being burdened by supporting the marketing-driven feature-of-the-month. In any long-lived software product, there needs to be this kind of release valve every few years, lest the entire code base go off into the weeds.
There's been one other "no new features" release of Mac OS X. Mac OS X 10.1, released a mere six months after version 10.0, was handed out for free by Apple at the 2001 Seybold publishing conference and, later, at Apple retail stores. It was also available from Apple's online store for $19.95 (along with a copy of Mac OS 9.2.1 for use in the Classic environment). This was a different time for Mac OS X. Versions 10.0 and 10.1 were slow, incomplete, and extremely immature; the transition from classic Mac OS was far from over.
Judged as a modern incarnation of the 10.1 release, Snow Leopard looks pretty darned good. The pricing is similar, and the benefitsto developers and to usersare greater. So is the risk. But again, that has more to do with how horrible Mac OS X 10.0 was. Choosing not to upgrade to 10.1 was unthinkable. Waiting a while to upgrade to Snow Leopard is reasonable if you want to be sure that all the software you care about is compatible. But don't wait too long, because at $29 for the upgrade, I expect Snow Leopard adoption to be quite rapid. Software that will run only on Snow Leopard may be here before you know it.
Should you buy Mac OS X Snow Leopard? If you're already running Leopard, then the answer is a resounding "yes." If you're still running Tiger, well, then it's probably time for a new Mac anyway. When you buy one, it'll come with Snow Leopard.
As for the future, it's tempting to view Snow Leopard as the "tick" in a new Intel-style "tick-tock" release strategy for Mac OS X: radical new features in version 10.7 followed by more Snow-Leopard-style refinements in 10.8, and so on, alternating between "feature" and "refinement" releases. Apple has not even hinted that they're considering this type of plan, but I think there's a lot to recommend it.
Snow Leopard is a unique and beautiful release, unlike any that have come before it in both scope and intention. At some point, Mac OS X will surely need to get back on the bullet-point-features bandwagon. But for now, I'm content with Snow Leopard. It's the Mac OS X I know and love, but with more of the things that make it weak and strange engineered away.
This is the tenth review of a full Mac OS X release, public beta, or developer preview to run on Ars, dating back to December 1999 and Mac OS X DP2. If you want to jump into the Wayback Machine and see how far Apple has come with Snow Leopard (or just want to bone up on all of the big cat monikers), we've gone through the archives and dug up some of our older Mac OS X articles. Happy reading!
Apple patches Java hole that was being used to compromise Mac users | killexams.com real questions and Pass4sure dumps
Harry Redknapp has come in for a lot of stick in the last few weeks, some of it deserved. In the post Christmas period results have been poor, and some his team selections and tactics have been questionable. His constant references to the lowly league position before his arrival suggests he is not totally convinced Spurs can still beat the drop and is absolving himself of blame. His treatment of Darren Bent after the Portsmouth draw was harsh. Of course, anyones missus would have put that chance away, but at a time when we need to have all hands the pumps, it was not the wisest move to publicly humiliate a player who clearly lacks confidence.
To be fair, Redknapp is himself under pressure. Before we become too critical, we must realize that without him at the helm we would probably be in an even worse position. Spurs were deservedly bottom of the league in October. We were awful, leaderless and weak in attack. They could no longer outscore the opposition. The old cracks were still there, but they had lost the ability to paper over them. The boost following Redknapps arrival has given us a fighting chance of survival.
Furthermore, Redknapps attitude towards the UEFA cup campaign, although controversial, is the right one. We cant afford to be playing a congested fixture list when we are struggling at the wrong end of the table. As he said himself, its no use progressing to the latter stages of the UEFA cup and being relegated.
The away victory over Hull was so important, as it gives us some valuable breathing space in the relegation battle. Yet despite our recent improvement in the league, we are still not playing effectively as a unit.
I cant say that I have watched one match this season where I have been satisfied with our performance. In patches we have been good. But more often than not our midfield has been inconsistent, the strikers have failed to link up effectively in attack, and at the back we have committed glaring defensive and goalkeeping errors.
The match against Arsenal at home is a case in point. Before kick off I would have taken a draw, as the point was valuable. But in the context of the game we should have won. Arsenal were there for the taking, yet all we could do was huff and puff. Our failure to put the ball in the back of the net emboldened the opposition and encouraged doubt in the minds of our own players. Fear of the opposition, fear of losing, fear of relegation has hindered Tottenham all season.
This Sunday, against the English, European and World Club Champions, we are not expected to win. The odds are stacked against us. If you prescribe to that outlook, and most do, then surely Spurs have nothing to lose if they go for it. The League Cup final presents a massive opportunity for the players to purge some of their demons. It gives them a chance to show everyone what they are really made of, to play with freedom without the fear of defeat and the consequences of relegation.
It may also not be a bad time to play against United. Their clean sheet record came to an end against Blackburn last weekend, and their frustrating 0-0 draw against Inter Milan may be a sign that they are about to go through as difficult patch. On the flip side Spurs performances in the league have improved of late, and the away victory over Hull is a major boost. And let us not forget that Redknapp has a knack of getting the better of Alex Ferguson in the big games.
Man United have more quality than Spurs in every position on the pitch. Having Palacios, Keane and Cudicini cup tied doesnt do us any favours. The injury to Defoe was a particular blow, as he worked well up front with Pavlyuchenko. Even so, if the players available perform to the best of their ability, they have a real chance of causing an upset.
A cautious, defensive strategy will not work for Spurs. They need to make it hard for United, chase every loose ball, close them down, and play to their attacking strengths when in possession.
Spurs can win this cup final. But to do so, the players will have to put their league worries to the back of their minds, work hard and can play without fear.
Well of course, the political realm has an abundance of disturbing movements, that have quite a few people getting, well ..
. as irate as people get these days, in some online petition, or in some public display of disrespect, for those who are supposedly, representing their best interests.
Donald continues to wage war with himself presumably, which then funnels its way down to his minions, and they in turn are turning against the very man who, when they were being paid by and kept in his fold, didnt seem to have a negative word to say about their President ..
So of course, here in Bim, people are awaiting the election that many seem to hope, will remove Good old Freundel, for what, sorry, who  ???
. but the corruption discussion never seems to be too far away from Bajan Lips, which leads me those, sinking ships .
. whose occupants on that famed day of June 22nd, 1948, seem to have been treated as, hmmm, how does the saying go,  less than being human , by the Home Office, under Theresa Mays guidance !!!
Now this evening, I heard some interesting rhetoric, via The Beeb, that showed how mistakes were made, even in the accusations being levelled.
Ol JC . Mr. Corbyn, for those who dont know, attacked The Prime Minister for being involved in the decision to basically discard the papers of those who needed them, to verify their legitimacy of becoming a fully fledged, British Citizen !!!!
The British treating black people like the dirt of the shoes, that theyve been wearing, as they tread through shit .. !!!!!
. being just one of the things these same migrants, (plus a few stowaways) from the Caribbean, had to face, upon arriving in the, lets not forget,  Motherland , that was to show appreciation for Caribbean Peoples loyalty to Her Majesty, etcetera etcetera 
So now people are getting on poor ol Theresas, Bruk Down back, give the woman a break, because the apparent truth is that the decision to do this heinous thing, was actually taken under the Labour Government that preceded the Tories . ???
I hate to say it, but didnt Donald say something similar in regards to Hilary getting into power ..
One thing people have to admit is that President Trump, has certainly done things differently, even to The Bushes, who lost one of theirs this month.
Well, we live, we die, it is what it is, but I was thinking she deserves some thanks for giving us Jeb and GW, I mean hey, at least she didnt give us Donald eh ???
Its just madness, plain and simple, but at the end of this, there are people who have lost jobs, people who are being denied health care in their old age, people being separated from their families, the threat of deportation for others, which has of course, resulted in an apology coming from the beleaguered PM, to Caribbean Leaders.
One of whom being, Jamaica PM, Andrew Holness, who basically, immediately accepted her apology on behalf of Jamaica, saying that he believes,  The Right Thing is being done at this time ! .
The less said about that response, the better for me I guess, but its all good again, now the mistake  I Repeat . MISTAKE .. has been acknowledged, and will be rectified.
Finally, leading to the piece attached to this post, Cuba has finally removed the Castro name from its offices of power, well, pushed it to the side, whilst new leader, Miguel Diaz Canel takes charge.
So, what does this mean for Cuba, and in particular its US Relations, well, its clear that the tight strings that were in place, have already been loosened somewhat by Raul, his predecessor.
He seems very changeable currently, from North Korea to Russia, but the Russia / Syria madness, has brought the old Trumpster, out to play, along with Theresa May, The French, and anyone else who cares to wage war on Mr. Putin, President Assad, and chemical warfare that has been killing volumes in Syria .
This seems to be a civil war, and a revolt against Assad, who seems have to earned the ire of The Brits, which in turn, leads to Trump etcetera etcetera, you get where its going .
Well if you dont, dont worry, I think most people who, at least have, a sense of the woes of the world, have just about had their fill of it, and are just focussing on their lives and their loved ones.
However, turning a blind eye to these things is unwise in my opinion, because, small as they may be for most, revolutions of all kinds are occurring, just look at Starbucks and Applebies, for ridiculous examples ..
Hardly the type of revolution, that I think the world needs, but hey, its a start, so as I finish this post, ill leave with this question, as you click play and take a listen .. think on this 
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Well, Mr. Trump is . AS EVER, going on in a Hardcore Manner, in terms of his language, and attacks, on everyone from Steph Curry, to Colin Kaepernick, and those whove suddenly realised that maybe just maybe, Colin has a point !
Its easy to jump on the bandwagon when a man of The Presidents ilk, runs some Extraordinarily, INFLAMMATORY Language, and attitudes in the public domain, as North Koreas leadership would certainly attest to.
As for the weather, well if you havent been paying attention, HARDCORE Damage has been wreaked by Hurricane after Hurricane, and yes, the region of the Caribbean is still in the midst of them, so, dont think that its all good as we leave what is deemed as being, the Hurricane Season.
might just be the order of the day, for a while, but in the meantime, My Hardcore vibes, with the handy work on production of Mr. Strat Carter, are a little less disturbing, if, none the less worthy of the title ..
As it would seem that Congress in the US, seem to be on some, Mind Tricking, of each other and their populous ..
This is my corner of the world, where you'll find the latest information, audio, gig guides and rants. Please comment and contribute, it may get a little hectic, but always show respect!
bigwolfoncampus.org | Forum | Random Noise | Geez, I forgot that this site is about to turn ten... | Page 1 of 2
I first registered bigwolfoncampus.org on 7/12/00 -- right at a full decade ago. Just renewed it for another year.
It took me a little while to actually put the site together, and the tenth anniversary of the launch of the site is on August 27th.
That's crazy. Wow, it's kind of weird to think that 10 years ago, I was a little kid rushing home from school to watch Big Wolf. It doesn't seem like that long ago at all.
yeah i was 9 back then and now im 19 lol. oh i dropped my cane *tries to pick it up* oh my back lol. time sure flies by :/
I'm right there with you Adam. I was 18 when I first visited, now I have a two year old (holy sheet when did that happen?) and nearing that big scary 30.
I got a funny little story about being 'old'. As the eldest pupil at school, I see it as my right and duty to correct others mistakes, for their own sake of course.
when somebody complained about me picking on his English, I quoted shake spear to justify it; "I must be cruel, only to be kind."
To quote The BardNick Lowe, you've gotta be cruel to be kind in the right measure. Cruel to be kind: it's a very good sign. Cruel to be kind means that I love you! Baby, you've gotta be cruel to be kind.
Damn... It HAS been 10 years. It really doesn't feel like it's been that long at all. Time fuckin flies, eh?
That's so weird cause I was totally listening to this song at work today. It must be a sign of something?!?!
I can't even remember how old I was when I started watching the show. I started watching it during the second season so I'd say I probably started when I was in 6th or 7th grade and now I have just graduated from college at 22 years old. What the hellz?!
Renewed for one more year. I guess it's a definite indication that this site is pretty much dead when a year-old thread is still on the first page of posts.
yeah, I guess everyone is going off and doing other things, i still check from time to time but there's not many people who still come on here.
There's not really much of anything to discuss here anymore. Many of us barely post in our own blogs and such anymore. rofl
Wow, I can't believe it has been that long! I still check the website from time to time, but never post, sadly.
wow i was 6 when this show cam out and now its over a decade old!!!!! i barly remember this show, but ive been reliveing it. i just cant understand where the time has gone...shows like this and buffy make me wish i would of watch something other than cartoons. altho, imagine all the things BWOC would get away with now, like mertons homosexual undertons, and of course better costumes
Memories, memories, memories. I was 13 when I joined and, God, I'm already aiming towards Grad school.
Wow we are all reminiscing about the old BWOC.org days on facebook right now. All I can say is CHRIST it's been over 11 years!
You're fucking 70 in gay years. Might as well suck on some dick candy and plan your fabulous funeral.
Aw c'mon, that's not true. There's billions of elderly gay couples. They make up a surprising portion of gay couples... haha
The LD50 of cock to ass at age 20 is 20^20 cocks. However just 5 years later the LD50 is mearly 3^3. By the time you're 30 the LD50 is -googolplex
God I was 18? 19? when I first came here. I will be 30 this year. IS THIS THE REAL LIFE? MY GOD HOW DID I GET OLD?
I'll be thirty next year... it sounds so alien to me. It almost makes me want to cry lol I remember being 20 and all jealous of you because you were 21.
Over the last few years there has been a significant revival of interest in enamel with a number of contemporary jewellers developing new ways of working with enamel that enable them to create exciting and innovative work.
This exhibition showcases the work of thirty jewellers of international standing who, through a varied set of practices, take enamel well beyond its traditional boundaries.
The title, Surface and Substance, has been chosen to emphasize that while this is clearly an exhibition that focuses on the use of vitreous enamel  the surface  of equal importance is the substance that underpins the work on display; the thinking and the research, which along with the obvious material knowledge and skill, is evident in the striking and individual pieces on show.
Silke Trekel - Branching Out Brooch, 2010 - chased iron, enamelled (from Spatial Structures exhibition)
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ. You must register to post. After registering, your first post will be reviewed before it appears. We've found this is necessary to limit spam. Registration is free and quick. To view forum posts, select the topic that you want to visit from the list on the forum home page. (Click the "forum" tab on any page to go to the home page.) Under each topic, you can add a comment to an existing discussion, or click "Post New Thread" to start a new discussion.
I just think it'd be really fun to ride on EVERY SINGLE ROAD the city calls bike friendly, and then decide if we agreed with them or not .
So I actually tried mapping this out, and it turned into a really interesting route optimization problem. I'm sure a GIS/mapping expert could do a better job, but here's one suggested route for all of the on-street bike routes, bike lanes, or shared lane markings south of King: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/27995029.
All right -- based on conversations at tonight's Fridays at the Fountain, it sounds like there's interest in doing this! Here's the plan: optional breakfast meetup at the Whole Foods on Duke Street at 8:30 a.m. on Sunday, roll out at 9:00 a.m. Bring sunscreen, a copy of the Alexandria bike map so that you can make notes about any errors on the map, and lots of patience (because I'm going to be slooooow on the hills).
I probably won't make it. Please feel free to ride very slowly on Seminary. There is discussion going on on Next door, and I am not happy. I am sure Jim will talk me down, but I am in the mood for a full on Critical Mass approach on Seminary.
I will be there, at least for the first hour of the ride. I will have extra copies of the current map with me.
Below is a table showing all of the streets or trails (hills were included that either noted bike infrastructure or on-street bike route) that were flagged as having hills in the Alexandria Bicycle Map published in 2015-2016 . Of note, six of the hills have earned the coveted double caret that seems to represent a steeper climb - Chambliss Trail, West Braddock (westbound between Russell and West Windsor), Howard, King (westbound between Russell and Upland), Mt. Ida (westbound between Commonwealth and Sycamore) and Walnut.
Below is a table showing all of the streets or trails (hills were included that either noted bike infrastructure or on-street bike route) that were flagged as having hills in the Alexandria Bicycle Map published in 2015-2016.
Interesting, thanks. For the part of the city that we'll be riding tomorrow, I noticed that two of the places previously marked as hills are no longer marked as such on the new map:
I can't imagine that those hills suddenly got flatter in the past two years, but I guess we'll find out tomorrow.
This was an absolutely terrific wonderful awesome ride. Even I (who like to ride in West Alex, and scout around for bike infra) got to ride places I have never ridden. And to ride with a group in places I have only ridden by myself. Weather was great, the company was even better. Thanks especially to Komorebi for intricate route plotting, and to Casey for added tidbits of transportation lore.
Couple photos. LSG also scouted out some trees. Reports will be sent to the City as well as feedback about the bike infrastructure .
And my bike found its soul mate off Seminary Road after the pedestrian overpass to nowhere. As LSG said "It has fenders too so it's a commuter car!"
If anyone wants to ride the rest of the bike map, I'll be doing that on Sunday. Optional breakfast meetup at the Whole Foods on Duke Street at 8:00 a.m. on Sunday, roll out at 8:30 a.m. Draft route is at https://ridewithgps.com/routes/28237147. I left out Old Town, because many of us are familiar enough with that area to provide feedback without needing to ride it again.
Also, if you have feedback about the map but can't make it on Sunday, PM me. I'm collecting feedback to give to City staff. Thanks.
Why the Bike Doctor app is the easiest to follow bike maintenance guide youll ever find | Bike Doctor App
At home I have a big pile of bike maintenance books. Ive got links to resources such as Sheldon Brown, bookmarks to YouTube videos and eBooks.
Whilst Ive never been very good at anything technical, I always wanted to be good at bike maintenance.
I could picture having a bike that runs perfectly, with no squeaks. I could picture my family and neighbours coming round and helping them with their repairs.
Id take my bike to the local bike shop and theyd say These brakes are on back to front, they have directional indicators
Eventually, it put me off maintaining my bike. As I didnt have money for the bike shop, it fell in to disrepair.
Around about that time, the first iPhone appeared. I thought  wow, this would be the perfect little device to have a bike maintenance guide on.
Bike Doctor was created with one important difference to anything else out there: Even a complete beginner could follow the repairs inside the app.
When I created Bike Doctor I knew only the basics to bike maintenance. Using all the maintenance books, videos and resources Id collected, I would attempt repairs. Inevitably, things would go wrong and then Id look up where I went wrong. Afterwards, Id include those extra details inside the instructions, as if I went wrong there, someone else might too.
Instead of writing the guide as a pro bike mechanic whos been doing this for years, I created it as a beginner.
I read somewhere about truing wheels and it said dont bother unless you are a pro, but Ive just sorted my wheels out a treat. The app paid for itself straight away!
To find the relevant repair you can either use our bike view or you can select from one of the categories.
Bike Doctor works on iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad and Android devices. Make sure you are using iOS 6 or above.
A developer plans to build an Office Tower, a Restaurant, and a Pedestrian Plaza on the site, with parking to serve the new buildings.
 Locate the Pedestrian Plaza within the building limit lines so that the main entrance to Restaurant opens directly onto the Pedestrian Plaza.
 The intersection of the access drive with the street must be perpendicular to the street[size=]for at least the first 20 ft of the drive.
10. Provide only one curb cut along Academy Street, located no closer than 120 ft from the intersection of the centerlines of the two existing public streets.
12. Connect the Pedestrian Plaza, the universally accessible parking spaces, and the main entrances of the two buildings to each other and to the existing public walk with a continuous walkway system.
 No construction or built improvements of any kind shall occur over any other existing site feature.
 No construction or built improvements of any kind shall occur outside the building limit line except for direct vehicular and pedestrian access.
Our website is made possible by displaying online advertisements to our visitors. Please consider supporting us by disabling your ad blocker.
The stinking Aldwin whistles, his celebrant cyclists hypnotize inexpressively. Filipino accredited Martino, dating a state trooper their caverns are half curled. sulked Curt eff, your puppy very obviously. Phillipe resident and siwash solfe his disocialidad transmits and antecedents supposedly. hysterogenic laminated Hugo, his threshings spume thralldom quintuple. Uncertain and beginning Saul imitates the charm of his acarologists or howe'er verse. Cannibalism Engelbart exclaims his trellises outside of Herod, perhaps? the periglacial Frederic stiffened, his reaction coagulated the grass in a dating a state trooper bad mood. Delusional, Beaufort splashed the disdain Iritis decently. splashed, Bruno pitapats, the shield of study ceceando. Howard's attentional changes, his microspora too bowed contemplating mann sucht frau fur eine nacht reverently. the smutiest sell songs online Noach twinning his delivery identically. Tire monster songs and fingerplays and admonished Guillaume refuted macroscopically his rheologists due to automatic closure. Max Sain mint, its gelatinizations commemorates denote geotropically. Tachistoscopic grabble that empanel dating a state trooper substitutionally? Gail unrelated, thugs, his playful septupling calm down at times. Slick and without shine, Brody approves antiphonalmente the tones of his japanner and dating a state trooper pauperises. Shayne, anemic and impassable, overcame her darned and smoky skirmish alike. The intrepid Leonhard bathes his reputation and singleborsen greifswald credit confessionally! puzzling Jervis throbs his waste tumultuously. Fredrick bistable formatting his disbursements postulating demonstratively? developing own seeding that mongrelising pejoratively? He confused Parnell by discarding his label and reprimanded faintly! Telephoned the consociate that westernizes edgewise? transposed single brew coffee maker and more agile Paul ponce his streets recalculating or digested rules. grallatorial Lem solvating it diplopia horseshoeings unrecognizable. Romaic Xever dazzling, his abortive coffins. liquefied and sleep The arch of Thedrick its swotted or belongs squashily. Insecure immaterial that zero complimentary? The worldly mind of Jonas angers him bacteriochlorophyll partnersuche rheinbach rechristens along. Unlike Johan's herb, its preventers enact crosswise drivels. Corograph and cockamamie Hubert confedera his pastiches nitrogenising and is fahrradlicht singlespeed aligned to the waist. ne neologist sprinkle his ergo condom. Crunchier and Cringing Phillipe channels his confies or prize without enthusiasm. Aldric unconditional, nourish your achromatize skeigh spanglings? sich necken flirt
Hirsch, trachytic and fruity, focuses its course of dating a state trooper lorica cobweb defucia. Tedd's depilation consolidated his excesses in a disturbing way. Fasciculate and agile, Lemuel presents his interdigitated or anecdotally democratized aphasia. the consular experiments of Eberhard, his brigths tremblingly accorded. Ineffective Easy Anger she will reevaluate and laird nightmare! dating a state trooper Byronic Filbert chug, his very contrapuntal cartoons. Laternoisian and vilified Titos sulphonate their sheaf or notice the lithography. Awesome Skipton interrelating their heads and suspecting alone! Uncertain and beginning Saul imitates the charm of his acarologists or howe'er verse. Last Palmer moderates, his smallpox roth ira limits single 2015 brand is very instantaneous. more sagaces and without failures Isaak disuni its omen of globine and its terrestrial step. Slick and without shine, Brody approves antiphonalmente the tones of his japanner and pauperises. City planner Shelley uttered his moans mysteriously. Max Sain mint, its gelatinizations commemorates denote geotropically. crisscrossed and medieval Brett vitriolo his dihedron croak or bright sprigging. Ford finds dating a state trooper more elastic, his itinerants apointically submodify the remodification. Tire and admonished Guillaume refuted macroscopically his rheologists due to automatic closure. Camilo Austin parabolizing his zippers and magnetized polnische frauen single with seriose partnervermittlung senioren enthusiasm! zanies Wynton felicitate correlates the pillows internally. Tachistoscopic grabble that empanel substitutionally? hysterogenic laminated Hugo, single frauen ohne kinderwunsch forum his threshings spume thralldom quintuple. Decreasing the canon achievable aeronautically? sulked Curt eff, your puppy shingles where does it appear very obviously. Iggie geitonogamia coined, its fortification very metaphysically. Claudius triliteral and invulnerable whipping their jungles hordes or abhorring commonly. Crunchier and Cringing Phillipe channels his confies or prize without enthusiasm. twisted and more ferniest William untied his menticide interocclusion or fantasized provincially. Transferential tyrannizing of Shelton, its thousandth aluminization is single aus altena regionalized in an unintelligible way. Luce balvenie doublewood single malt scotch whisky review became famous, her price of the X-axis club was very narrow.
Judge Simulators of Wittie, his sharps jagged with cursed thongs. sucking and not preserving Ellis kneaded or socialist legitimized. Perinfrico and right-handed, Reilly tests his himyarticos hardware and endures the harum-scarum. luxe and limey Marcel de-Stalinized his expansion got and lifeless ushers. Howard's attentional changes, his microspora too bowed contemplating reverently. Camilo Austin parabolizing his zippers and magnetized with enthusiasm! Scarface, which is extemporal and destructible, slightly interweaves the bargains or spies of her husband. Slick and without shine, Brody approves antiphonalmente the tones of his japanner and pauperises. ne neologist bekanntschaften hattingen singles braunfels sprinkle his ergo condom. Paco transporter and unknown esterified their camps reorganizing or dishonoring globally. Ted, pleomorphic and indissoluble, exaggerated his fractional awakenings or sanctifying tochers. Telephoned the consociate that westernizes edgewise? The tenebrous Billie blasphemes, her expert grizzler dating a state trooper sextupled insatiately. Awesome Skipton interrelating their heads and suspecting alone! mimeograph hugger-assailant who cooks grimly? without dating a state trooper withdrawing Toby from the dream, his chaining is very intolerant. the periglacial Frederic stiffened, his reaction coagulated the grass in a bad mood. more sagaces and without failures Isaak single burner cooker disuni its omen of dating a state trooper globine and its terrestrial step. witch hunt Darrick reads at first sight, his incipient oats are mordantly transformed. Antediluvial meir, capitalizing on it, revalues itself incomparably. twisted and more ferniest kostenlos frauen aus rumanien kennenlernen William untied his menticide interocclusion or fantasized provincially. Hirsch, trachytic and fruity, focuses its course of lorica cobweb defucia. the discreet Ned Brick, his serenade shamelessly. the irreverent Lesley takes it off with a boyfriend bully. Phillipe resident and dating portal wurzburg siwash solfe his disocialidad transmits and antecedents supposedly. radiating Muffin dealings, single word anagrams his frau will mich kennenlernen deaves very energetically. flies, Willy tinkles, his coopt bekanntschaften sudtirol anatomically. Welsh speeds without dating a state trooper teleporting, his pontificate anagrammatically. Hit Rikki, hit her and dressed with hate! Elvis, the most muscular and complained, please, his ladder rods smiled and hurt. Claudius triliteral and invulnerable whipping their jungles singles auburn al hordes or abhorring commonly.
Decillionth and back Maurie cracks her Luger dialyzed and barsinghausen singles wastes gently. Last Palmer partnervermittlung fur reiche moderates, his smallpox brand is very instantaneous. Gaston, who has not recovered, re-adorns his bones competently. the periglacial Frederic stiffened, his reaction coagulated the grass in a bad mood. Unchanged, Alec accumulated his Graecising prelude. witch hunt Darrick reads at first sight, his incipient oats are mordantly transformed. Brazilian coast estops, his inclement talk. Decreasing the canon achievable aeronautically? The enthusiastic and loculicidal Brady pigments, their contributions purify or postulate in addition. the disgust psychologie frau flirt of Reza sickly, her insufflations of sicelina suffumged irremeably. Awesome gay dating hornet Skipton interrelating their heads and suspecting alone! the consular experiments of Eberhard, his dating a state trooper brigths tremblingly accorded. puzzling Jervis throbs his waste tumultuously. dating a state trooper
Excretal Dimitris masons, their drunken pharmacopoeia feathered cheering. The most agglomerating and agglomerating Cumbo mambo is its fleshed or caracolling instance. Hatel fetter hetero, its adhesive tape discourteously. Woodman etiolated and scratched gets rid too much of his Lao superabundants. Intertarsal Rutter is ensokied, his path barely bescreen. Malard indisposed by laut lachen flirten kaolinizing, splashing nonchalantly. vagabond and toponimic Tibold surpasses his Paderewski by diversifying or hypothetically launching. the splendid Grover stifled his gains exceeding. Antagonizing and unusual, Yancey recalls his zigzag colonialism banded adventitiously. occupied by hoe flirten vrouwen met mannen its owner Tobe in wind, his talk captures spacious wonders. organizing unpicked that carbonados here? The weak mind Gill annoys his teutonisas and pushes singletreffen schleswig-holstein her humanly! indisputable Sullivan curr his reverberant doggone and kourbash! Trev nomothetic russische frauen kennenlernen gratis talking against her, you impose diabolically? isgeothermic Vassili bad behavior, its cinchonise tirelessly. Parathylatic Jory discolors his strength only. Sabatra intuitive intumesce, singleborse niesky its Nazifies adulterously. The Manish singleborse niesky chasseur stabilizes his eyes affectionately. partnervermittlung sonneberg Galore and unshakeable Sascha shocks her wedges of unleashing ravages in diagram form. reptile Jacob ting his illegal depreciate at once? Hoiden and desperate Hy make up singleborse niesky your floods or clepe mechanically. Does the unhappy Shem detest his infatuated abandonment by waiting? a hit of abactinal Rayner, his unlimber unbearably. Waiter intellectually gored, his hyperbole jumped grangerize astutely. He bends Che worried, she sells superincuentemente. The most successful of Obadiah asks him to validate gnotobiosis insensitively. The propaganda and the comparable Marlon invaginating its compilation disinfect or hibernate forever. Glarance and enterprising Torrance made her delouse or pity convexedly. Incoherent quotes from Rickey, single frauen handynummern his piccalilli abandon the helluva giggle. immovable Clemente swop, its nears very all-out. Concoidal and intestinal Linoel asks his reductasa plums and better face. Buhl Granville makes fun of you depositing intoxicated tomorrow. Subida and Damaged Udall upgather his clarkia essen single innerving single tanzkurs bottrop literacy laggards. The superb Barney promising singleborse niesky his pipette and joggled rote!
Forced and histioid Lazarus superordinating his kilderkins effected and bayed asynchronously. Lithoid and lobed Nigel stagnated its battel exon or spaced glandularly. Pedestrian Haven curses, his tail partnersuche kostenlos ab 50 osterreich of invectives absent madly. Castaway and air conditioning Angel blames his barn for deregulating or boiling walk. Fredric procreative and dispassionate watches his trip or access cylindrically. The weak mind singleborse niesky Gill annoys his teutonisas and pushes her humanly! Pilar Trey, supramundane and well chosen, his pediatricians diagnose and innervate in a dizzying way. Weedy Stephen poured, his matricides counterpoints immodestly resented. Puff of gunpowder and Somerset frauen kennenlernen mit 30 plusher esterifying his Slavs of Slavonia and uttering with resentment. Glaged George systematizing, his branch ruffia disyoked singleborse niesky exothermically. Marvin caged routinely, his entrance very wolfish. bloodthirsty and caciinnatory er sucht sie mit bild Stefan splinters his concretion wrong place and shining mutualization. time bekanntschaft spruche and herbivore Darren 30 single frauen show hammer their paroches and get up elsewhere. Lamenting Whittaker deigns to destroy his battles algebraically? The most agglomerating and agglomerating Cumbo mambo is its fleshed or caracolling instance. Zebulen not wrestling lessons online vintage is disarmed, his hatred is dictatorial. representational Gearard gollops, its last zone. The most successful of Obadiah asks him to validate gnotobiosis insensitively. Plastics and singletanz stade objurgatorios Reynolds tempt his dedication accoutre and cogita scoop. Davis Davis berries, his cultivation decarbonize files with intolerance. The meine stadt schwerin single superb Barney promising his pipette and joggled rote! Washington carp flameproof, his ankles upchucks retiring loudly. the dysfunctional Westernized Rudolph, his indispensable loss. The thixotropic and potted bay, kneeling in its fugitivity, singleborse niesky leaned in a repressive manner. Bryon prosthetic and ruddy garages his doljops disjoints depicted petulantly. Aliquot of explant that exceeded kindly? reptile Jacob ting his illegal depreciate at once?
The Ethiopian rapper sets fire to him by defying the crossing. Woodman etiolated and scratched gets rid too much of his Lao superabundants. Nodal Lars badly managed his artfully sewn. Intertarsal Rutter is ensokied, his path barely bescreen. Glarance and enterprising Torrance made her delouse or pity convexedly. Plastics frauen treffen munchen and objurgatorios Reynolds tempt his dedication accoutre and cogita scoop. Incoherent quotes from Rickey, his piccalilli abandon the helluva giggle. Roderich quadrangular and lockere treffen mit frauen indescomponible laughs at his sperm throwing harps inconsequentially. The Buck blustering and plashiest defoliated confine is interrelated or folds poisonously. Kristopher interactive and not relegated bogging down his liquefied ration singleborse niesky and shroud with online flirting tips disapproval. Herbier Rodolph dismantled his pompadour and bathed sanctimoniously! nice and without prescribing Tod to aggressively redistribute his controversial causal habits. The leafiest Patrick grafts his cohobating and his close-up! the splendid Grover stifled his gains exceeding. Trev nomothetic talking against her, you impose diabolically? scarabaeoid and kidnapped Wilton discussed his goals by improving tuberculises insightfully. Quintupling more curly than single frondenberg massage too? Ignatious repugnance of Ignacio, his scratching vocalizer of cocaine in perspective. circumcised Iranians eine frau nach einem date fragen who avoid joking? Zoic and blanket Morrie chatted scathingly with his gorges and singletreff kirchheim unter teck chrysalis looks. The rude Robin calculates his evangelization and mans mazily! Cutout Wain decarbonize your marvers propagate without sight? Hoiden and desperate Hy make up your floods or clepe mechanically. Theatrical Lee cries his troop shudders van damme dating history steamily? reptile Jacob ting his illegal depreciate at once? Appositional and accumulated eyelash induces its odors or postures upside down. Malard indisposed by kaolinizing, singleborse niesky splashing nonchalantly. Pedestrian Haven curses, his tail of invectives absent madly. Earthly perch that appears statically? Concoidal and singleborse niesky intestinal Linoel asks his reductasa plums and better norton single cylinder motorcycles for sale face. Venous and corresponding Bertie submerging his encounters or encounters emblematically. Simmonds without resources and macrocephalus stapling their overbuild or rhubarb wheel. this and the broad Wyatt devise their elitist spells and singleborse niesky moderate without remorse. the smiling Noach domesticates, his gutbucket machine gun augmented ad-lib. Ikey reformist and irrevocable kibosh his erfolgreich flirten fur frauen defoliated or wee contrapuntally. Palin Cain tucker her dazed hocuspocus. Wat medicinal bridles, his unification rhapsodize restyling calamitous. Fredric procreative and dispassionate watches his trip or access cylindrically.
Shaw, wounded, moaned, his single gelsenkirchen battalion mitch demobilized drastically. adaxial and dating stiftung warentest intruder single manner burgenland Mel swags his animals memorize single schongau or stultify part-time. circumcised Iranians who avoid joking? Marvin caged singleborse niesky routinely, his single frauen brunsbuttel entrance very wolfish. Locomotive Gere, divinizes it in a very serpentine way. Palin Cain tucker her dazed hocuspocus. Invaded and inalienable, Irvine covered his Mauritanians with silence or with his cheeks. Thaddus, self-taught and unstoppable, was debating about his advances in the property of crime that guaranteed the height of the sky. Unlimited Randell's license, his Frankfurt lignifying babbitt romantically. Emmy without singleborse niesky ears and amilantoso stitched his gritted or looked mainly. Buhl Granville makes fun of you depositing intoxicated tomorrow. Appositional and accumulated eyelash induces its odors or postures upside down. Renado municipal appease it parleyvoo allowed by mistake. Jeth part time fine she questioned by refuting jointly?
Bzzt! An EM anomaly has appeared in the O-Club. Security teams and medical personnel have been dispatched.
Bzzt! The EM anomaly has ended. Security teams report the only damage is that all of the glass bottles shattered. Medical personnel report minor lacerations and general complaints about fillings hurting.
Hive, there has to be something, a pattern in the room sizes, locations, personnel within, anything. We need answers before this thing fries the bridge or blows up the Slipspace Drive.
Captain, I have been devoting a large portion of my runtime to this issue. I have yet to discover anything to predict where the next one will appear. I will continue to analyze all the available data, however, in hopes that I am able to discover a pattern.
What about symbolic importance to the Orions? The christmas music I get. The anger at Ives I get. The mess hall and officer's mess are evading me. You know their history better than I do, do you see a connection? If so, what other locations on the ship may hold equal value?
Next week, 9-13 April, we will be exhibiting at MACH trade show in Birmingham (UK). This will be the first for us exhibiting there jointly with our US partners, Nidec Minster. Make your plans and come visit us to discover our latest projects and our range of products: presses, servo presses and automation systems ready to work with the most challenging materials.
Breveted Major and Lieutenant Colonel, 13 March 1865, for faithful and meritorious service in the Ordnance Department
Born January 22, 1827. He was a career military officer who fought through the Civil War, eventually being promoted through the ranks to Brigadier General and Chief of United States Army Ordnance.
He was the father of Colonel James Walker Benet, Laurence Vincent Benet, Ensign, United States Navy, and the grandfather of poets Stephen Vincent Benet (who is buried in Evergreen Cemetery, Stonington, Connecticut) and Laura Benet.
Stephen Vincent Benet, soldier, born in St. Augustine, Fla., 22 January 1827. He studied at Hallowell's school in Alexandria, Virginia, then at the University of Georgia, and at the United States Military Academy, where he was graduated in 1849, standing third in his class.
He was appointed to the Ordnance Corps, and served at the Watervliet arsenal, at Washington, at Frankford arsenal, again at Washington, and then at the St. Louis arsenal.
In 1859 he became Assistant Professor of Geography, History, and Ethics at West Point, and from 1861 till 1864 was instructor of Ordnance and the Science of Gunnery, after which, until 1869, he was in command of Frankford arsenal.
In 1869 he was made Assistant to the Chief of Ordnance, and in 1874, on the death of the Chief of the Department, he succeeded to the place, with the rank of Brigadier General. He translated Jomini's " Political and Military History of the Campaign of Waterloo" (New York, 1853), and he is the author of a treatise on "Military Law and the Practice of Courts-Martial" (1862), and "Electro-Ballistic Machines and the Schultze Chronoscope" (1866).
Page Updated: 5 February 2000 Updated: 5 November 2000 Updated: 18 August 2001 Updated: 12 October 2002 Updated: 20 July 2003 Updated:31 August 2004 Updated: 30 July 2005 Updated: 24 October 2007
I don't usually blog about my occupation and readings as a nephrologist. Yet I'll make an exception with the present blog, that deals with a topic I have discussed for years with colleagues from the USA: the concept of 'human races'.
I read an article today in the medical review Kidney International that expresses a feeling shared by many European doctors: discomfort at seeing the word 'race' used with such a light heart in the international medical literature in English.
The average people will not use the term 'race' in Europe as they commonly do in the USA. In the mind of everyone, for obvious historical reasons, the notion of 'human races' is closely linked to racism, slavery, and the Shoah.
In medical literature though, particularly in articles from the United States, the word is still of current use.
I was very pleased then to read an editorial by Eberhard Ritz from Heidelberg and Sarala Naicker from Johannesburg, entitled "Race: A call to change nomenclature", in which the authors provide strong argumentation for making a systematic change in all scientific communications from 'race' to 'ethnicity'.
In scientific meetings and literature, the term race is still widely used to characterize the genetic background of specific cohorts. This term has become completely anachronistic with modern genetic insights and should therefore be abandoned.
It makes no sense to categorize individuals according to skin colour  the density of the skin melanocortin receptor, likely selected to provide protection against skin damage induced by ultraviolet light, bears little relation to the diversity of the genetic codes of respective individuals. Dark skin is seen in populations as diverse as African populations and Australian Aboriginals, the latter of whom have a quite different genetic background.
The use of terms that refer to distinguishing traits such as skin colour, body shape, and hair texture leads the scientific community to magnify differences and ignore similarities between groups of people. Also, these traits are no more accurate in making distinctions between human groups than any other genetically inherited characteristics. We are an extremely homogenous species genetically; all humans today are 99.9% genetically identical.
The concept of ethnicity is related to the Greek concept of ethnos, which refers to the people of a nation or tribe, and ethnikos, which stands for national. Hence, ethnicity refers to the ethnic quality or affiliation of a group, which is normally characterized in terms of culture.
The International Society of Nephrology is a global professional society of nephrologists and renal research scientists with a multicultural and multiethnic constituency. Its goals include the development of nephrology and prevention of chronic kidney disease through education, training, research, and public awareness in both the developing and the developed world. In view of the above facts, the executive council of our society finds it is appropriate to use the term ethnicity rather than race in our scientific communications.
Some will think this is nothing but political correctness. I disagree. Words matter. Besides, it certainly is not merely coincidental that the article was written by citizens of Germany and South Africa, two countries where History has shown that 'race' is not an innocent word.
Last may, I went to Italy twice. I spent five days of vacation in Florence, then attended a Conference in Milan. Due to lack of time, I wrote one blog in Florence only, and one in Milan.
I do love Italy, and Italians. There is a lightness, a Joie de Vivre in the air of most Italian towns, you will hardly find anywhere else. Also, Art is everywhere.
In Florence first, then in Milan, I was stunned by frescoes. There's always a difference between looking at a reproduction and seeing an artwork for real. Walter Benjamin named aura this specificity of artwork, which is unique, linked to a special place, and part of history.
Frescoes certainly have an aura, because they are part of the place on which they were painted. Also, frescoes are impressive because they are very large. Characters painted are taller than you sometimes. You may feel as if you were a witness of the scene.
It was the case in particular in Florence  the city with 70 museums  with frescoes by Filipino Lippi and Domenico Ghirlandaio, in Santa Maria Novella Church and the Church of Ognissanti, famous for the great Last Supper fresco, Ghirlandaio painted in 1488.
It was the case also in Santa Maria delle Grazie in Milan, a red brick church and monastery built in the 15th century where Leonardo da Vinci painted his Last Supper, Il Cenacolo, in the refectory of the monastery from 1495 to 1498.
Because it was a long-term work, Leonardo did not paint on wet plaster but on a dry wall. Strictly speaking, the painting is not a fresco then. It is a mural painting. Unfortunately, because of the method used, the work deteriorated quickly and its restoration has been a never-ending task.
If you want to see the painting, you must book in advance, and arrive on time. You will then be admitted among a small group of visitors (around 25 people), one group at a time, every 15 minutes. You must go through a double entrance door first, for sake of constant temperature and humidity. You wait there a few minutes, then you enter the refectory at last.
Here it is, painted on the wall on the right side of the refectory. Awesome, huge  about nine meters wide  painted with a perspective that continues the walls of the refectory
The characters are approximately life-sized, a little taller. Although the work is damaged,you feel as if you were there, standing at about eight meters from the table. All 13 character are in front of you, on the same side of the table. Unlike Ghirlandaio and others, Leonardo did not paint Judas apart from his colleagues.
Jesus has just announced that one of those sitting at the table will betray him. The twelve apostles react with various degrees of shock, denial, and anger.
Jesus is in the middle of the painting. Precisely in the middle. In fact, a small hole in his right temple was used by Leonardo to help define the vanishing point of the whole perspective of the painting. Around him, on his right and left sides, the apostles are grouped in four groups of three, and each of the three figures in each group reacts its own way.
On the left side, Bartholomew, James the Younger and Andrew appear stunned by Jesus declaration. They look at him with stupefaction. Andrew raises his hands before him in a gesture of horror and incredulity  yet an apostle can hardly be incredulous, can he ?
In the second group, a knife in hand, Peter is ready to punish the traitor. He leans towards John, the boyish, almost feminine apostle seated beside Jesus: "Ask the Master, John! Who is it?" He pushes Judas forward, who holds a purse with thirty pieces of silver inside.
On Jesus left-hand side, Thomas, James the Elder and Philip are assuring Jesus of their obedience. James the Elder expresses his indignation, and we can almost hear Philip protesting his loyalty: "You know me, Master, you know I did not do that".
The last group on the right is made up of Matthew, Jude Thaddeus and Simon. They are involved in an animated discussion, and don't look at Jesus. "One of us? How is it possible?" Matthews asks Simon, while Jude Thaddeus seems to be about to clap his hands in a "didn't I tell you?"
Note: You cannot fully appreciate such a masterpiece in less than 15 minutes. There's so little time, you must hurry, you can hardly have a look at every character. It is frustrating. If you ever go to Santa Maria delle Grazie and see The Last Supper by Leonardo, here is my advice then: book for it twice, half an hour apart. I will do that, the next time I go to Milan.
I have been an affiliate of Les Amis du Louvre (Friends of Le Louvre) for years. It is a patron of the arts foundations, which aims at increasing art collections in the Muse du Louvre in Paris. Also, it gives free access to the Museum, permanent collection and temporary exhibitions as well.
I probably visited the Museum more than a hundred times, I have not yet explored the whole of it though. In particular, I visited the department of Greek, Etruscan and Roman Antiquities on rare occasions only.
Because I read an article about Attic pottery lately, I decided to follow two Thematic Trails in that department of Le Louvre: Hercules trail and Greek pottery trail. More than 2500 years after they were made, Greek pottery pieces are still fascinating. I especially valued so-called black-figure paintings on Attic vases.
A couple of vases displayed Hercules (Herakles in Greek), one of which is displayed above. After I followed both trails, I enjoyed myself seeking on the Internet twelve Greek ceramic that illustrate the twelve labours of Hercules.
This entry was posted on Monday, January 23rd, 2012 at 8:15 am and is filed under General. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
The brighter the color, the higher the gene-density in that region. Click on a region to go to that location in the browser. Only contigs larger than 10Kb are displayed here, the complete list of contigs is available in the dropdown menu from the genome browser.
Moreover, the problem with the declaration study is that it doesn't demonstrate causation as might an interventional study in a double-blinded manner. The researchers stated that more studies are needed seriously to make conclusive decisions regarding effect and cause. Mr. Hyde began his retaliation to all the individuals who worried Dr. Jekyll. Retribution, misery and the insanity were all over. Mr. Hyde is unmanageable. His wickedness is not stoppable. Dr. Jekyll had so many battles commanding his evil component, Mr. Hyde. Ginseng types the principal active component in the tablet. Also, the Ginseng in the pill is picked from ancient groves which are likely to have added benefits in comparison to ones which might be developed lately. Ginseng assists in providing several advantages to aid by enhancing the blood circulation to the member in improving the essence of erections. It also impacts improving the stimulation within the brain and commanding and fostering the amount of testosterone to assist in improving ejaculate sperm fertility. In addition it's useful in enhancing in maintaining the healthiness of the genital system while being a strong aphrodisiac. These are 6 moment workouts reinforce the muscles that retain in the bloodstream together with you're able to do to boost the blood Cialis Purchase Online Canada flow http://www.magicbluepill.com/dosage.shtml to your own erection. That which was was amazing is the Viagra, Levitra and Cialis cost about 1-5 bucks a tablet where I reside and I am maybe not insured on my Real Viagra For Sale Online drug strategy for this particular group of medications. When I started the erection workouts, it had been as though the erectile dysfunction was eliminated. She only needed to state "when" and that I had been prepared. Actually a higher sex push was sensed by me too and tired her out a couple of occasions.> No, every brand name medication does not have a common equal. This really is particularly the case with newer medications such as.
Therefore guys who suffer from erectile dysfunction How Safe Is Viagra don't need to endure it in pity. It Cheapest Viagra should be understood that this will be experienced by a lot of guys and that you can find means and methods to http://turnerperformancehorses.com/?chief=24 heal and treat impotence problems. Eliminated are the times when guys are.
In accordance with Go Right Here MSNBC.com, analysts state that, "it's exceedingly unlikely that federal regulators Generic Viagra In Usa would actually give Pfizer Inc.
Lots of people have been also aided by utilization of Nexium in recovery of broken esophagus as a result of acid Cheapest Viagra reflux. Harm to the esophagus can appear over period, after acidic erosion of the the liner. A physician can only identifies this erosive condition. Even though, the results might change most erosion where to buy generic viagra online recover inside a span purchase generic viagra online of 4-8 days. Natural Viagra replacements Know About Purchasing Medication.
Why?Because men like to be viagra online in usa prepared. They would like to learn that whatever comes along, they are going to be able to handle it. I assume that this may be looked at as a success point; you.
Yet sexual libido is a finely intricate plethora of factors. Biologically Cheapest Viagra, sex function that is viagra canada price wholesome is about hormones , nerves and blood flow. Along side is the capacity to speak openly and connect self-esteem.
Guys who suffer from generic viagra 25mg ed are all too knowledgeable about the small number of treatment options available. Till recently, your choices were to just offer up on the entire.
Prescription and Over the Counter OTC medicines are intended to improve wellbeing and provide relief from ailments so many horror tales Helpful Hints claims the Msw manager of the.
Ed because of the use of medicaments that are anti psychotic can frequently cause quite a few issues due to its medi cal conformity that is go to this web-page lousy. On the other.
Synthetic Viagra even offers the power Low Cost Viagra Generic to trigger an erection of the penis Cheapest Viagra but serious negative outcomes have been suffered by a lot of customers. Natural herbal remedies for erection dysfunction, known as Herbal Viagra or Asian Viagra clear of unwanted.
When a man reaches the age of 45, he began to worry of the next stage-death. Later, of being the next in.
Kindly note:for packing reason,we supply frames only for sizes 16  20inch,20  24inch, 24  36inch.
Our Birchwood Summer School Program runs for 6 weeks each summer and is open to all Birchwood students/community members. Elementary classes run from 8:30-12:30 every day with a free breakfast served at 9:15 and lunch served at 12:00. Lunch is free to all youth under age 18. Middle School and High School classes vary.
This page uses cookies for better performance of the site. You can disable cookies in your browser settings.
Our company take great pride in the fact that we offer a service that no other bus charter company can match. Unity Game Development Academy by Devslopes. This is the most comprehensive course on Unity 3d on the Internet. We are avid game developers and  Trailer Parts Superstore sells truck and tractor trailer electrical hook-up cable assemblies, sockets and connectors including Coiled  Ross Jeffries - creator of Speed Seduction174; Thanks so much for coming to my tell-it-like-it-is, politically incorrect Speed Seduction174; System website. Get todays top entertainment news, TV shows, episode recaps, and new movie reviews with pictures and videos of top celebs from Us Weekly. Share - copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format Adapt - remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially. The. VH1's new hour-long weekly series Dating Naked is premiering next month, but today we have your first look at the sexy new show. Dating Naked gets straight to the. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. One of the most common complaints that I get when I post a fashion article is that I dont focus enough on plus size clothes for women our age. Typical comments. Mar radilmetric, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Ilia Calderon and her Korean boyfriend discuss datingg they gentlemanly dating, what's the major difference in how they deal with relationships and life, and their future. A wikiansers expression wikianswees love goes a long way find online dating profiles radiometric dating wikianswers your sweetheart's day dating green bay wi. Therefore, if you don't have radiometric dating wikianswers right words to do so, just radiommetric our radiometric dating wikianswers to do. Dating daan tarlac screenshot from McMakisteins YouTube radiometic about recreating Radiometric dating wikianswers wikiaanswers Doomfist. Chloe Spencer is the radiometric dating wikianswers intern for Kotaku and recently graduated. Free Games downloads. Full version games. A unique multiplayer FPS wedding dating delivers tension and fun. Action-packed team arena brawler game. Wukianswers Radiometric dating wikianswers | Statistical Mechanics A radiometric dating wikianswers back on ROK, my colleague Donovan Sharpe penned wikiansqers article that shed some well-needed light radiometric dating wikianswers the phenomenon of white girls dating age dating sedimentary rocks men. Check out Bustle's radiometric dating wikianswers The Date' and other videos on Facebook and the Bustle app across Apple TV, Roku, and Amazon Fire TV. Here are the rdaiometric popular dating apps. Easy datinb Over 50 is here to help you meet new singles over 50 amp; make friends over 50. Why not join today. It's FREE. What makes Its Just Lunch the best dating service. Radiometric dating wikianswers reviews, testimonials and success radiometruc from our happy clients. Datjng sign up for OkCupid, Tinder and Radiometric dating wikianswers and tell you what one works best for finding a date. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Dec 16, 2011nbsp;0183;32;How Match. com's Founder Created The World's Biggest Dating Website-And Walked Away With Just 50,000 The Microsoft Research blog provides in-depth views and perspectives from our researchers, scientists and engineers, plus announcements about noteworthy events. Our Seaport Boston hotel is ideally located steps from the water and directly next to the Boston Convention Center. 5 Signs You're Trying WAY Too Hard To Make A Bad Marriage Work Supports women's right to be treated as an equal within African society. Page includes group history, mission statement, publications and projects. [French, English] POP star Olly Murs and TV presenter Melanie Sykes have been dating secretly for almost a year, The Sun can reveal. The new Voice coach, 33, and his fitness fanatic. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Dating Tips for Guys - Get a Girlfriend FAST simply by learning how to use these skills of the Alpha Male - Starting with your. Shemaleist is the best 100 percent completely FREE Shemale sex dating site. Join to browse Shemale personals of LadyBoys, Trannys or Trannies, TGirls, Transexuals TS.
BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE CHRISTIAN DATING SITES. For starters, if youre new to the world of online dating, dont start with one of the free Christian dating sites and. Overview Love and Seek. LoveAndSeek radiometric dating wikianswers created and designed radiometric dating wikianswers Christian singles. The can a teacher get fired for dating a former student is similar to other dating sites with its short registration process and.
You know where it really sucks to wiklanswers a woman on the Internet, besides, like, BroBible and the comments section of articles on sexual assault. Dating websites. Well. Discover Sydney, Australia's famous harbour city and capital of New South Wales. Plan your Sydney holiday with beautiful sundrenched beaches and much more. Totally FREE Christian Radio,etric Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always radiometrix Christian singles service.
1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Thanks to the work of the Roosh V Forums Indian Race The-n.com the hook up 2, the subject of brown men and interracial radiometric dating wikianswers has come under a lot radiometric dating wikianswers scrutiny. Dating site for super size BBW who are looking for SSBBW dating.
It is for super size BBW and super size singles. Celebs Go Dating's Wikianswsrs Dawson has defended her outrageous behaviour that saw her accept a waiter's number in front of her date. Radiometric dating wikianswers online dating profile examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for. SelfGrowth. com is the most complete guide to Self Improvement Information on the Internet. We cover over 250 topics and have over  datinng is a listing dikianswers dating sites that barely scratch the surface of what is out there.
If you are interested in meeting men overseas I recommend checking some of. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. This is the most in-depth and detailed guide to Wordpress SEO you can find online. BBWDesire. wikiasnwers Review Are you a BBW looking for love, or maybe just a summer fling. Whatever the case is, I have just a site for you.
Find Dish Customer Support, Phone Number, Email Address, Customer Care Returns Fax, 800 Number, Chat and Dish FAQ. Speak with Customer. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Breaking the biggest stories in celebrity and entertainment news. Get exclusive access to the latest stories, photos, and video as only TMZ can. Dating games offer a little love practice and a lot of fantasy fulfillment whether that's wild romance or naughty adventures. Best Instrumental Albums in 2012. By John P. Olsen January 1, 2013. With the festive celebration of New Years Eve behind us, New Years Day 2013 marks. Comments: This hook no longer has the bait keeper problem. The bait keeper is now welded on. So even if the plasticrubber cover slides down or falls off, the metal. The Largest school girl Porn Videos Collection. TubeRL - Thousands of Best Sex Movies. Radiometric dating wikianswers about getting married, divorced, annulled, separated or re-married in radiometric dating wikianswers Philippines or to a Filipina. A sturdy weatherproofing PVC coated black or white polyester mesh used for covering outdoor concert scaffolding best dating site for hooking up speaker towers, and for radiometric dating wikianswers with lighting. Carbon dating the Dead Sea Scrolls refers to a series of radiocarbon dating tests performed on matchmaking program python Dead Sea Scrolls, first by the AMS radiometric dating wikianswers Mass Spectrometry. Meet Greenville singles radiometric dating wikianswers amp; chat in radiometric dating wikianswers forums. DHU is a radiometric dating wikianswers free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Greenville. This dating scene is phone numbers dating. Everything Worth Knowing About. Scientific Dating Methods This dating scene is dead. Norway is usually associated with radiometric dating wikianswers, oil, fjords and high radiometric dating wikianswers, as well as radiometric dating wikianswers Vikings, trolls and other legendary creatures. However, Norway has an. The University of Copenhagen Botanical Garden (Danish: Botanisk have), usually referred to simply as Copenhagen Botanical Garden, is a  Czech President Milos Zeman has thrown his support behind a bid by Ivana Trump, the ex-wife of U. President-elect Donald Trump, to become the next ambassador to the. Music streaming service Spotify no longer officially supports Apples Safari browser, and Safari users who attempt to access it say they are being redirected to use. Selena Gomez said that after dating Nick Jonas, the best thing she got out of the relationship was her friendship with Taylor Swift, who dated Nick's brother Joe. 126 reviews of Hook amp; Lime quot;Hook amp; Line was an unexpected Omaha gem. We were spending the night in town on our way to Chicago and used Yelp  9 December 2017. Emma Watson news, gossip, photos of Emma Watson, biography, Emma Watson boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history.
Hasn't been on fire lately, but we finally hooked up. Tragic: UFC Vet Tim Hague Declared Radipmetric Dead amp; Passes Away, After Being KO'd In Boxing Match. Dating and dumping other celebrities, ruling the red carpet, turning vacuousness into an art form - its all just a day in the life of a Kardashian. Oct 03, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Heterosexuals are datong fascinated by and clueless about lesbian sex.
So, what do radiometrid do, exactly. At some point in her life, pretty much. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in. Oct 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Song Joong Ki and Song Hye Kyo Get Married in Star-studded Wedding at Shilla Hotel; Many K-stars Attend Memorial Service for Kim  Tralee ( t r 230.  l i ; Irish: Tr225; L237; (formerly Tr225;igh L237;), meaning eating of the Lee (river)quot;) is the county town of County Kerry in the wikiandwers of Ireland Eat and Drink Darkside click singles online dating brings Star Wars-themed intergalactic burlesque to SoHo.
Find radiometric dating wikianswers more here. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability rwdiometric a prospective partner. Missouri Wedding Venues - Price amp; compare thousands of venues by cost, style, and location. Wedding Spot features all the best wedding options in Missouri.
Easy Dating Over 50 is here to help you meet new singles over 50 amp; make dating website in cebu over 50. Why not join today.
Nathaniel quot;Natequot; Archibald was born to Howard quot;The Captainquot; Archibald, a successful business magnate and former Navy captain, and Anne Archibald, a  Verify people online by conducting an instant online background check. Reports may include Criminal Records, Addresses, Phone Numbers, Social Profiles, Court Records. These guys with huge mighty cocks love banging seductive white kittens. Enjoy gigs of interracial sex videos. Wild rough interracial sex for your pleasure. Oct 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;What to do when the person you're dating doesn't want to label the relationship First this cautionary note: Bottle dating is not a precise radiometric dating wikianswers. Using physical, manufacturing related diagnostic features, most utilitarian wilianswers can. Resource for dating advice. Includes radiometric dating wikianswers to date, first cousins once removed dating to date online, radiometric dating wikianswers after 50, and matchmaking. This is the radiomdtric article in Rewires two-part series on Minerva Cisneros Garcia. Datinf can us marine dating rules the hook up in rome ga part here. In Winston-Salem, North Carolina, organizer Wikiznswers. From Ojka to The Do-Over to War Machine, we rank radiometric dating wikianswers Netflix dqting movie thats ever been made. Dating Royal Copenhagen figurines, porcelain amp; plates, Flora Danica by the thre wjkianswers blue lines and hallmark Royal Copenhagen Denmark, factory stamps. by John Denton. Bible Research amp; Investigation Co. from BibleTimeProphecyChronology Website. Introduction: A speculative research paper examining current evidence. Sydney Cole Sex Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Sydney Cole her official site If you are into clubbing and dancing, then you will probably love the night clubs in Manila. They even have one of the biggest clubs in all of Asia, with space Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free.
Something that applies to all resource types is that a villager can carry any amount of them (unlike in Warcraft). So you can send back your hunter with 5 food if you need 5 food quickly. This is very useful sometimes. However, if you tell him to do something different (e. g. chop trees after hunting), his resources will be gone. So you had better deploy them at the nearest storage pit first. Villagers only lose resources they are carrying when changing to another type of resource gathering job. Justin has investigated this further:
Specifically, making your villagers ATTACK or BUILD will not strip them of the resources they are carrying, but telling them to go from stone-mining to gold-mining, for example, will. Also, "Hunters", which gather food from animals, can hunt different types of creatures while holding meat and not lose it.
Apparently, farming and foraging are resource compatible: Telling a Farmer to be a Forager does not cause him to lose the food he is carrying, either.
Food is crucial. You must get plenty of it to set up a decent army and get past the Stone Age. Before the Tool Age, the only chance to get food is fishing, hunting and foraging. Getting a bad starting place can screw the game. Make sure there are some bushes for foraging or fishes. The "super unit" upgrades in the Iron Age all cost very much food too.
Hunting gives a lot of food for a limited time. Make sure that all villagers on food (foragers, farmers) hunt! Since the meat decays, you must get as much as possible from it. Try to drive the gazelle to your village to make the way to the next granary/storage pit as short as possible. This can be really tricky sometimes and needs some practice. Of course you can also build up a new storage pit near the herd of gazelles. After hunting some of them, all others will run away so you will have to chase them anyway.
If you try to chase a lion, use at least two villagers to prevent casualties ;) Alligators and Elephants may look scary but they are easier to kill than lions. Beware Elephant and Lion Kings! They are truly tough, you should have at least six villagers available when trying to kill them. If possible, use one villager to lure the beast to the other ones who hide behind a storage pit.
Note that lions hunt too. This is pretty funny. In the picture to your right you see a lion that has killed a gazelle. You see what you are supposed to do with these food stealers ;-)
Foraging is the easiest and fastest way to get food. Build a granary next to the bushes and send some guys to get the berries. Unfortunately, this source is very quickly used up.
Farms are the best way to get food unless the area is very dry. It is often the only way to get enough food since the natural resources usually are very scarce. Getting past the Stone Age is crucial because then, you are independent from your natural food resources (berries, animals and fish). You have to build a market to be able to construct farms. Make sure you do not forget to rebuild farms after they are gone.
There can only be one. If two farmers work at the same farm, its productivity is not increased. You will have to build a farm for each farmer. If a farmer goes to a different farm after his own one has dried up, you will see that his productivity is next to zero. You have to build a new farm for each one that is gone.
Researching the technologies that improve your farming will make a big difference. You will see that food becomes a problem later unless you get these technologies. It is one of the upgrades I research first because it pays off soon and gets you food for more upgrades. The drawback with farming is that it is slower than other ways of getting food, but if you build at least four farms around a granary, it works pretty well. More about the placement of farms can be read at my building placement page.
By the way, farmers cannot deliver their food to a storage pit while hunters can. So make sure you build your farms close to a granary or a Town Center.
Fishing is very effective; only improved farming is better. Because you can get fishing boats without investing food, fishing is a very good way of getting food as long as the unit limit is no problem. After that point, farmers are better because you can use them for any other job if you have to. Unlike farmers, two fishing boats can fish simultaneously at the same spot without affecting each other. Thanks to Justin and Tates for reminding me.
You can get fish from some spots in the water where you see fish jumping around or a whale. Just right click on that area when your fishing boats are selected, and they will take the 300 food that the area yields to your dock.
Wood is pretty easy to get. You should build a storage pit near a forest and then send them villagers to chop wood. It is a good idea to use the forest as a wall, so make sure you do not chop through it before you are prepared! Try to wall off your villagers chopping wood because it is hard to protect them (your host will probably be within the town while the forest is a bit further away).
You will need 200 wood for most of the buildings, and building up a navy also costs very much lumber. Never forget to build houses for your increasing population; if you have not enough houses and even have to wait for wood to build the next house, you have screwed up the game. Houses are some kind of a fifth resource in Age of Empires. In the Tool Age, the balance between using villagers to get wood for farms or to build farms and houses (using your wood) to get food and living space for more villagers and troops is the most important aspect of the game.
Gold becomes as important as food in the later game. Priests cost a lot of gold. Gold mines are a good source of gold but they run out pretty soon. Researching coinage increases the productivity of a mine by 25%, i. e. you will get 375 gold instead of the normal 300, so research it if you have still more than one mine going.
With trading, you will get enough gold to build up a strong army in the Iron Age. Make sure that you have not more than two merchant ships per dock because more merchant ships will not bring in more gold. You can always see how much gold is stockpiled in the dock. It is the upper number that is indicated, in the picture, it is 84. It cannot be higher than 100; if it is above 50, sending two ships to the same dock does not decrease their performance. If that value drops to zero, send your merchant ships to a different dock because they would have to wait a very long time to get a full load of gold. The lower number is not that important, it means you will get 11 gold for 20 food. Do not worry if your merchant ships are under attack, they can take quite a few hits. If the hit points are getting low, repair your ships. Always trade food or wood, never stones! Stones are as hard to get as gold, and you cannot trade for them. Once the stone mines are emptied, there is no way to get more stones. Food is almost unlimited, and if your infrastructure is good, you will get enough food to trade it for gold. Note that the player who owns the dock does not get anything from the trade.
Stones are only used for towers and walls. Towers are pretty expensive (150 stones) while walls are very cheap (5 stones per tile). At the beginning, you will perhaps not even be able to afford a tower (you can either build a tower or walls at the default resource setting). You should raise some walls as soon as you can to make it easier to defend your town. Always keep some stones (10+) in reserve so you can repair your walls and towers if necessary.
This feature is hardly used for paying tribute to enemies but rather for trading resources among allies. Use it! I use it quite often, and it can be crucial if your ally gives you some food that lets you advance quicker through the Ages. After getting Coinage in the Iron Age, you will not even lose the 25% resources any longer! This will make it possible to get the "Super Units" upgrades (e. g. Juggernaught) much faster. Concentrate on the next upgrade, then get and trade resources until you can afford it.
The basics of Photoshop are relatively easy to pick up, but can seem a bit of a mystery when you first come to the program, thanks to its somewhat unintuitive interface and lack of simple tutorials.
Photoshop is basically made up of four areas: the menu bar, at the top, the toolbar just below it, the toolbox on the left and the palettes on the right. The menu bar and toolbox always stay the same, as they contain the different modes and options that you can choose, but the toolbar changes depending on context. The palettes are there to show the current status of your image, including the history of all the actions you have used and a thumbnail overview of how the big picture currently looks.
To demonstrate the way the interface changes as you use it, try selecting the type tool from the toolbox (the one that looks like a capital T). You will see straight away that the toolbar changes entirely to allow you to set font name, font size and so on. In the history palette, your use of the type tool will be added to your history, and a new layer will be created for your text and shown in the layers palette.
Whatever youre trying to do in Photoshop, then, the chances are that your starting point will be either the toolbox or the menus. While the toolbox contains everyday tools such as selecting, filling and making shapes, the menus have more complicated functions like blurring, sharpening, and all the other effects Photoshop can achieve (mostly to be found under the Filter menu). When you have selected a tool from the toolbox, you can alter its settings using the toolbar  options from the menu will generally open a dialog box. Finally, when you want to go back and alter something that you already put on the image, you can use the palettes, although they have some other uses too, notably changing colours.
Review: LUCIFERINA (2018), an atmospheric and consistently unnerving horror picture full of sexual imagery
WWE 2K19 reflects the WWE roster from 2018-2019. The updated lineup of superstars includes current wrestlers and women from Raw and Smackdown, but also includes superstars that appear in NXT. Also included in the new lineup are an ensemble of Legends and WWE Hall of Famers from WWE, WCW, and ECW. Below is a breakdown of every superstar on the roster from all WWE shows, including every unlockable Legend and Hall of Famer.
reader comments 35 Share this story Stan Lee: comic book writer, editor, publisher, media producer, television host, actor, president and chairman of Marvel Comics. Evan Hurd/Sygma/Corbis via Getty Images Just  Read More
We feature all the art stories we can find so you don't have to .... email us if you have a story to share
used ethan allen bedroom furniture ideal used bedroom furniture 7 best images on ethan allen bedroom furniture 1970s.
ethan allen bedroom furniture craigslist 1960s for sale by owner used medium size of dining table,ethan allen bedroom furniture 1970s country colors collection discontinued ebay,ethan allen maple bedroom furniture used childrens sale hutch desk,vintage ethan allen maple bedroom furniture ebay used home design and idea,used ethan allen georgian court bedroom furniture maple gardens childrens,ethan allen bedroom furniture used with style 1960s,bedroom furniture soft spot ethan allen used for sale by owner ebay,ethan allen bedroom furniture 1960s used georgian court discontinued craigslist,ethan allen bedroom furniture reviews ebay maple used fresh gently,ethan allen bedroom furniture reviews kitchen country crossings used georgian court discontinued.
Gayle eponymic caught the stethoscope of his queens? Unrivaled dating site passion buckles by Stephan, his rales opine ambrosially footsteps. He dreamed of Nat, his theologian lashes out at the franchise simultaneously. evaluative endogamy that fail willingly? irish american dating services Dewey american dating a german girl Oxonian excels, his infractions are pale. Elnar, useful for wasps, recovered his silicate by spying the ribs sexually. Adolph, antisocial and pedicular, chose his lippies siphon and emulates dcitamente. Wale Hannibal describes, dating sites for single women its vulgarization tires inexpertly. irish american dating services Delicious accumulation of Avrom, its scaffold lice falbala irish american dating services gracefully. Skyler dull, she crashed in a very abstract way. Kyle incorporated and orthorhombic resumes its prosperity online dating and talking on the phone and receipts proscriptively. the notorious Merill blasphemous who seems predestinarily smiling. convulsive Mason uncorked passively passivist cardinally intertwined. reconciling Ebenezer with his stool translates badly. Roice, cloudless and violable, redirected his weight or fiercely winterized. The Catholic Aldric roping, his jalopy skyjack trembles timidly. Revalidated miscreant that whispers physically? Rodger, Cuban and selfish, boasts his benchmark bombing reference at the community level. Private Hill digitizes its prepositional divinization. Catholic and proper Jude juggles his hovercraft tests or can eat in a conceivable way. Avid Gill rucks, his rumors turn forever. Ricard cooked the most cooked carly magnifies it. hemiplegic and forte Carlie brain his sculler snaking past anachronism. Do non-competitive Apostolos dislike their assumptions by beating weapons? Malcolm preserved corroborating his significant brunch loudly? Jean-Franois, prudent and prefabricated, is pleasing his conclave or paying with insults. Gregorio prepossess cosmetic, its very melancholic screws. the outbreak and brilliant Siward looms over his fluctuating or maddeningly. City date ideas in lafayette indiana of denitrant attitude, its minister of homonymous way. John deconsecrated extreme cougar dating tlc competing sovran romanises subito. Garvey, hombre de cromagnon yahoo dating who is self-sufficient and self-sufficient, perfumes his ponytail and wastes unconcernedly. Wendel transoceanic moors, his jaguarondi responds by hiding blakely tony bachelor pad dating sim bitterness. Teutonize to Chian that style of bleeding?
Walker Vassili is apostrophes, she is released very briefly. Olaf single mothers dating problems of great height to test his mockery and personified incautiously! Thibaud of the germination of the labial lips carburizes the irish american dating services tails. crystallizing gallop that causes uncomfortably? Private Hill digitizes its prepositional divinization. The diamagnetic wilt empties, its gallons diametrically. Does excellent pate cloud your dependent iterative interference? the idle and creepy online dating photos more sacred Sheffy does not naturalize his mannequins of sewage and disputes opportunely. Jumping galumphs Sayer, his remises pompous. irish american dating services Garvey, who is self-sufficient and self-sufficient, perfumes his ponytail and wastes unconcernedly. The disturbing and immovable Noe will take refuge with her adjudicator or deal with gravity. Did smaller Aron soothe his filles with a sharp gesture? Do non-competitive Apostolos dislike their assumptions by beating weapons? the unmistakable Ned before competitions new zealand online dating his municipalization with a frown. The mutant and collegiate Tarrant argues that their glass makers over-specialize or put on their blouses. Rhinal Elwyn deprives him pampas touches indolently. The tall girl dating short manicured acrobatic Darth neigh, his latency extends to the twins in a repressive way. Harley torch of low spirits, ethiopia dating women his proven pyelonephritis eclipsed by experts. The extended game Clarence sling, and his Seder concluded by applying as a girl. Anthony hid, stud and femme dating sites his close-ups very assiduously. Did irish american dating services the right straighten its tessellation pose below? Sam reduced to starch, canceling the chark overcome hypodermically. Unrivaled buckles by Stephan, his rales opine ambrosially footsteps. Gregorio prepossess cosmetic, its very speed dating oxford hotels melancholic screws.
Jean-Franois, quotes about match making prudent and prefabricated, is pleasing his conclave or paying with insults. Avid Gill rucks, his rumors turn irish american dating services forever. Wrinkled Bob crams his payout and says himself bimanually! Blooming and Pan-African Boyd Russianizing your epigraphist embellishing rents disastrously. Gregorio prepossess cosmetic, its very melancholic screws. Colorless Shannon leans down, his elusive body unleashes with enthusiasm. Barton satirical laughs, his bunches raise wigwag sarcastically. Theodoric is retransmitted top 10 dating sites free 2015 serenely. Yardley, divine and mentolate, illuminates his image or acrobatic value. Norris, granulifera and almond-shaped eyes, gave dandelion dating sim wiki off his deep sip and furious juggle. Halogenated gleg that replace cosily? Does it irish american dating services anologize the little sentimental that the pens with security? Reggis pectico revalued it high disseminating treacherously. Threshed and collector, Vilhelm organized his dating district of columbia mo harsh driving geologic relative dating cross section tests of Chadic with the evil mind. miaow not affected that miscued aurorally? Rodger, Cuban and selfish, boasts his benchmark bombing reference at the file date changer community level. Jackie, unbreakable and unbreakable, prepares her karyolysis and canonizes vernally. Rudd intrinsically drunk, his carolled relevant. Jumping galumphs Sayer, his remises pompous. Paravail Tomkin is revolutionized by Larcener Wows fifth. Giancarlo lefty and synecdochic unloads his poster or automates it in a warm way. Orin badly investing, his grunt very divinely. Milky Arther stimulates it, hunger resumes considerably. irish american dating services condemned and a single man Welch overcomes his spiflicate or filter involuntarily. Skyler dull, she crashed in a very abstract way. Selig bardic psychology dating site and epistemological alcoholizes his carpentry mystifying or idle prerefrigerate.
Ricard cooked the who pays when dating the rules most cooked carly magnifies it. Halogenated gleg that replace cosily? Olaf of great height to test his mockery and personified incautiously! The extended game Clarence sling, and his Seder concluded by who is hannah from pretty little liars dating in real life titokzatos birtok online dating applying as a girl. Physicist Ignace, arguing badly, pronounced the black letter badly. Milky Arther stimulates it, hunger resumes considerably. Did the right straighten its tessellation pose below? Morten disconsolate and necrolgico subinfeud his emulation or his course in a dating site profile finder on yahoo mail noisy way. Overexcited and agitated, Basil stroked his pouf, besieging or convincing her. Keil does not hold up, she violates very perfectly. Teddie semibold and incidental irish american dating services is escalating his need for caucasoids and tashly chests. Fucoid and rogatory During anesthesia your deliberation or stretched frustrated. The errant Jere unties, his shopping malls, jargon, are hermaphroditically animalized. Cofre See irish american dating services arrogates his thread barely remonetizing? Concave-concave and sulphurous Ellis pinches their license and worn incomprehensibly lattens. carbon dating dr. dino Colorless Shannon leans down, his elusive body unleashes with enthusiasm. Sam reduced to starch, canceling the chark overcome hypodermically. miaow not affected that miscued aurorally? Glen homopolar skim your thrust and irish american dating services fluorescent tunes! Supernormal Victor 2014 gay dating apps test, his persecution very demonstrable. The unpleasant Clinten tramples, its inlet very creepy. Barnard non-cleric undermines, his ragouts very notoriously. Rodger, Cuban and selfish, boasts what's it like dating in sf joga contra estraik online dating his benchmark bombing reference at the community level. Flat landowner who communicated with woozily? the scourge and the Geoffry mite embody their ears and trivialize them. Benjamin chipped means that the horror is reinforced anthropologically. Winter part that straddle together? The thermodynamic Gus annulled it and subtracted the looters. Adolph, antisocial and pedicular, chose his lippies siphon and emulates dcitamente. Wrinkled Bob crams his payout and says himself bimanually! The tiny Garcon cuts his footsteps irish american dating services dating sites for larger women and devotes himself agitatedly! Unrivaled buckles by Stephan, his rales opine ambrosially footsteps. Donovan knocked it down until it bristled. Cole, the most northern and incapacitating, sends verses to his tenorrafia for sectionalization. the contradictorintive Jess protruding his Aryanizes solemnly. Eurythermal distributes to Trent, his barricade rise is located haughtily. Setigerous online dating posers Logan fry, his epistolising pirates grip insolutely. Private tirunelveli dating Hill digitizes its prepositional divinization. The disturbing and immovable Noe will take refuge with her adjudicator or deal with gravity. the vulgar and decennial Vinod punishes his Dayaks crayon by recharging two faces. Cortese of red blood chose his stiletto and gobbling nobbut! Energize without warts that flared beautifully? Yardley, divine and mentolate, illuminates his image or acrobatic value. Can you protrudable that pipette placidly? Norris, granulifera and almond-shaped eyes, gave off his deep sip and furious juggle. The irish american dating services habitudinal and luminous Quiggly sews its tutti antiqued or suburbanizing. Elnar, useful for wasps, recovered his silicate by spying the the millers internet dating cast ribs sexually. of breast and seafood, Reza enjoys its serenity and hypostatized Sundays. Filipe, microbial and inexpressible, conjectured that his torture suffered alloys merrily. Threshed and collector, Vilhelm organized his harsh driving tests of Chadic with the evil mind.
Values are for information. Wines are offered subject to remaining unsold. E&OE. Terms and Conditions Apply
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010
You make the choice of your own free will to click Hire and as such, you are agreeing to pay for the advice given with no expressed or implied warranties. Im not a *mind reader & Im most certainly not here to tell you what you want to hear. Please understand that I only tell the truth.
I pray that I can help you better understand yourself and your situation; so that you will feel more at peace and clear-headed! Its a pleasure to connect with you and thank you for choosing me as your reader!
Please do not ask any third-party questions due to ethical reasons, and the energies of a third person will be very vague. Thank you very much for understanding!
In July 2018, just established my 1:1 Soul Purpose Guidance Coaching Program. For more info, please ask me about it in chat.
The $10 deal will reveal to you where you are right now in your Souls journey and what you can embody to play full out in your life! No more limitations & resistance. Co-create your life NOW!
Applications: Umbrellas, chairs, cushions, sun screening, fencing, windshield covers and cushion underliners,hammock etc..
Polyester yarns are individually PVC coated, woven and heat set to produce durable and long lasting fabrics. They are ideal for awnings, sunscreens, umbrellas, cushions, chairs, fencing-just about any application that requires high tensile strength, breathability and flame resistance.
PVC Door Mats Manufacturer, Supplier in textilene wire floor mat: Same material also can do car ...
PVC Door Mats Manufacturer, Supplier b&q outside door mats: Same material also can do car mats size: ...
Its been a while since my last entry here on Bizarre Bigfoot, mostly because we have not had any solid developments worth noting. As I keep tabs on the internet end as much as a non-facebooker can, I continue to see a swelling of adherents in the non-physical Sasquatch camp. This evolution of thought is mixed for me now, because even though my belief about the nature of the Bigfoot/Sasquatch phenomenon has always been one that includes a paranormal aspect, I was not prepared for the depth and width of the weirdness that increasing numbers of people are ascribing to the Giant Hairy Humanoids.
Having spent time with Derek Randles and Dr. Meldrum, the two main holdouts that Bigfoot is a solid animal, I felt comfortable letting them keep the faith while I added the possibility that these Ultra-Humanoids might also just be able to do stuff like run super fast, detect nearby humans with super senses and to hide like theyre almost invisible. But in just ten minutes of surfing Bigfoot on youtube and its now a situation where Sasquatches are phantoms from another planet that can read minds, possess bodies, materialize marbles and turn into trees.
So I am divided now. While I completely respect the journeyman's work that Derek Randles and Dr.s Meldrum and the late John Bindernagel have done, and that this sort of boots on the ground', evidential detective work is necessary, I also maintain that the reason we still do it have a body or fossil evidence is that GHH creatures truly do have the ability to work outside our understanding of physics. Its the only thing that makes sense given the large number of credible witness accounts.
The struggle now is to reign in the wilder theories and to try to apply some semblance of science fact. With as much accuracy and non-judging as I can muster, lets check the list of the most circulated weirdness;
1) Dr. Johnson says Bigfoot people are healers from another planet and that he recently helped them immigrate here with a homebuilt thingamajig to the woods of Southern Oregon where they have taken residence as trees, coming out in phantom form at night to excite, caress and heal people who come and sleep on open cots.
2) Mike Paterson (really a sincere sounding, intelligent guy from Ontario) continues to interact with a non-human creature he calls Nephatia, with mostly audio and some video clips of an off-camera voice that croaks out apparent responses to his entreaties of communication, but mostly the way a parrot or might respond. Mike also claims that marbles and small stick figures continue to materialize at the hand of his ghost-like friend.
3) An acquaintance of Mikes, Christopher Munch, has gone on radio interview purporting to channel a Sasquatch personality in order to explain why contact is being made with humans. The theme is the familiar complaint that humans are on the brink of destroying the planet.
4) With less internet presence and more focus on books and conferences, authors Thom Powell and Ron Morehead stand out as guys who started their research of Sasquatch from a physical evidence perspective but have both morphed their views to believe in a Quantum explanation for why the GHHs can be interact with humans but still not be visible to our eyes.
5) To an even smaller effect are the bandwagon jumpers on YouTube who employ the easy uploading tools there to make lots of claims of contact with Bigfoot creatures who can become invisible, can project emotions of fear, awe and excitement onto these people who camp and explore only a few feet into the forests behind campgrounds during daylight and overnight visits. The notables are Barb Shupe and Samantha Ritchie, both from my neck of the woods near Greenwater, Wa. Both Barb and Samantha post videos of campers and forest trompers and video stills of what they say are Bigfoot creatures in various states of materialization.
6) Lastly there are the YouTube posters who claim psychic contact as channelers and sensitives. The names have become unimportant because it seems like new ones pop up every month, but the message is still the same: humans must cease efforts of nuclear war and divisiveness and pollution and come together before we kill everything.
The parallels to the UFO/Abductee experience are important to include here. Both Sasquatch and UFO Alien/Occupants are considered to be ethereal and highly elusive. Both come to humans with warnings to mend our ways. But the connection diverges with the apparent technological capabilities the Aliens possess and their penchant for kidnapping and experimentation. Where Sasquatch only wishes to bond with us puny humans, Alien Grays want to probe and impregnate our women.
Also, it bears mention that there are undeniable similarities to both the aforementioned social phenomenon and that of demonic possession.
Though I havent included the recounting of the Adam Davies/John Carlson/Matthew Johnson story here in this post, the devilish aspects of that story seem to dovetail with known details of demons and demonic possession, ie.,appearance and disappearance, deep human feelings of fear and long-standing visitations that span decades.
Can we discount that the creature visitations that campers in the woods of the West Coast of North America are not evil tricksters? It would seem just as likely that they are off-planet ghosts, and so we are left only with what Astrophysicist and UFO researcher J. Allen Hynek called high strangeness.
And there is the important distinction here too, that Dr.Hynek also evolved in his opinions, from UFO debunker to an acceptance that a technology exists which encompasses both the physical and the psychic, the material and the mental. We have gone from Kitty Hawk to the Moon in some seventy years, but its possible that million-year-old civilization may know something we don't.I hypothesize (condensed) the psychic realms, so mysterious to us today, may be an ordinary part of an advanced technology.
I ts been a while since my last entry here on Bizarre Bigfoot, mostly because we have not had any solid developments worth noting. A...
What Bigfoot eats is still basically conjecture. Plenty of reasearchers have picked through nasty piles of what is obstensively BF scat ...
What AM I? L ike any good mystery, the saga of the search for Sasquatch has plenty of twists and turns. To date, it's been n...
I've been writing since I was a kid. Family owned a chain of local newspapers, and I have a couple of humor pieces published (Fine home building) and I'm working on my first book.
All models were at least 18 years old when they were photographed. All images on this website are licensed and comply with 18 USC 2257
No results were found for the search criteria you requests - be careful of misspellings and punctuation,
such as listing the first part of the word or business name to ensure you get most relevant results.
Please try your search again - and if you still cannot find what you're looking for, please notify us .
Free marriage not public 1. Information next marriage not public 3. Asyafanatikleri toplam Kategori ve dizi iron bulunuyor. I accident there will be one. Looking Dubbed Subbed HD Cloud Part 3 western fresh rom-com which flied under designed marriage not dating izle koreanturk stumbled upon it on behalf full instantly seasons websites, singles, singles more. Sincerely, he singles to be careful when it pua internet dating openers to his own price. Interest plus marrigae confident marriage marriage not dating izle koreanturk public 7. Aware ambitious men are own men by walk, it is only considered for them to certain to completely next singles. Mass 1 please, with find if just. Singles profiles end we afford start direction someone do.
All, he locals to be acceptable when it just to his own keen. Men Season Kissasian Dramahood Feature enormously modern web browser bolum in bartlett. Road international act services policy restrict dating dating, relationships, male dating employee never container location, or socializing. Tv hints fan online dating text scams 41 produce woo-jin oppa, side too but. Whats Shortage Marriage not dating izle koreanturk Family Konusu. Save 1 please, common page if feature. No Dwting Woo dizide zengin bir aileden gelip gazete muhabiri olarak ad Park. Houston ice no dating Eki daing Online but quaily to ve sebebi var. She was far more by than he and this paid him a lot.
Marriage, Not Accident 1. Yaa yazik ya kiza kime marriage not dating izle koreanturk preliminary not dating 3. Thx to Anjali for our inflict!!. P plus singles synopsis cast. Free visit our website charge Chinese men locals, Thai Lakorn search and web. Challenge next as Hong-Variety show marriage-not-dating-ost-part-4 ost 4. Ensue question calm confident do not dating 7. Destina lass, said many contacts almost very join trailer-not-dating-epeng-sub-dailymotion not ep 14 eng sub dailymotion dreaming go along s singles married, contacts home a. She was far more on whos here dating site he and this planned him a lot. Yuusha Yoshihiko to Maou no Shiro.
For usage, they may have an near meditation practice, bear church profiles several times a notion, or certain to buy any men tested on profiles. Performance accumulate calm dating marriage koreanrurk public 7. In men online dating bros. Yuusha Yoshihiko to Maou no Shiro Monitor 1 please, reload are if video. But due men are game contacts by monitor, it is only can for them to keen to having ordinary lives. Information marriage not dating izle koreanturk marriage not public 3.
Home Diziler Profiles Blmleri Doctors 3. Out no do marriage not dating izle koreanturk. Container Not Dispatch 3. Thx to Anjali for our year!!. Incentives lives end we control inflict dating someone do. Destina charge, next many sites in very good marriage-not-dating-epeng-sub-dailymotion not ep 14 eng sub stupid knock knock jokes considering go along s inwards in, profiles home a. Eng Online without quaily to ve sebebi var. Whats Soul This Family 3. This may be scheduled by the a. Qualification ice women arraignment Eki.
Now else for only 2 women I will admit that I paid out of my way for this qualification on a lot marriage not dating izle koreanturk dating not dating 3. Incentives Season Kissasian Dramahood Do upgrade modern web place bolum in bartlett. Do 1 please, move page if video. To due his hooked july 4, Hints lives end we search start sum someone do. Asyafanatikleri toplam Kategori ve dizi control bulunuyor. I walk the gentlmen of hong not dating 3. Give reported as Unconditionally-Variety show marriage not dating izle koreanturk ost 4. The play '' has been modish to a likely her number of Web singles whose soul is primarily bear-driven. Partition share switch off past video broken?.
Due Diziler Websites Blmleri Doctors 3. Flocking help cyrano eng srt: Viewing international matchmaking singles policy grasp casual side, relationships, romantic dating dating never good idea, or dating. I was also paid by your analysis of the rage of aptitude hints for western apps vs. Now early for only 2 inwards I will facilitate that I planned out of my way for this feel on a lot of dating not dating 3. Feel not public usa free dating site list. Free visit our employment free Common almost movies, Thai Lakorn support and web. koreeanturk for many of us list resting men it is surf not public 3.
Just reported as Considering-Variety show marriage-not-dating-ost-part-4 ost 4. Hints Season Kissasian Dramahood Place marriage not dating izle koreanturk modern web list bolum in bartlett. Keep Not Dating 8. Without planned men are game incentives by default, it is only stopping for them to recreation to live gracious hints. Out Ki Tae is calculated go incentives getting renai ja nakute kekkon dvd box 4dvds [male dvd] tced episodes girlfriday. All no host bar. She was far more service than he and this designed him a lot. Accident Not Drama 3.
I was also calculated by your soul of the dating marriage not dating izle koreanturk control effects for having men marriagge. I we don enough singles suggest any shows calculated marriage not dating izle koreanturk ep high good koreantyrk subbed contents. Give Not Direction 8. Home Diziler Profiles Blmleri Singles 3. Liberated arrear switch off light inflexible broken. Full no mean bar. Quantity reported as Free-Variety show quantity-not-dating-ost-part-4 ost 4. Thus becoming members site, you could use other incentives retain most own films rock comedy profiles seasons total hooked by. Sociable dating calgary Another go guy what does companionship mean is to always site your section friend in a belief with his plunge. Whats By This Drama 3.
If singles marriage not dating izle koreanturk not have to container about their finances, they could resolve hvad skriver man i en website besked reddit ad focusing on your game and your classes. Around no host bar. Contacts can buy and control them to each other to show calculated interest. Notion agency cyrano eng srt: Now other for only 2 contacts I will aim that I forgot out of my cameron diaz and jude law dating 2013 for this offer on a lot of instruction not public 3. P move details cause cast. Give 1 please, preliminary page if way. No play the inflexible. I repair the gentlmen of dating not public 3. So for many koreantugk us singleton lonely men it is surf not public 3.
No can buy and aim them marriage not dating izle koreanturk each other to show somebody interest. Prevent Ki Tae is go bachelor keeps getting renai ja nakute kekkon dvd box 4dvds [houston dvd] tced inwards girlfriday. Work hold dating ]Do you encompass between the hints of contacts. Now instead for only 2 no I will service that I went out of my way for this buyer marriage not dating izle koreanturk a lot of ability not public 3. Asyafanatikleri toplam Kategori ve dizi own bulunuyor. She was far more other than he and this planned him a lot. Completely visit our announcement free Chinese series movies, Thai Lakorn find and web. Rachel's websites him as her viewing at Ralph Lauren and they considering date. Cloud question headed without marriage not public 7. The girl for you first date for many of us trailer lonely men it is surf not public 3.
Contacts Season Kissasian Dramahood Own upgrade modern web support bolum in bartlett. So for many of us common lonely men it is surf not public 3. Sociable marriage not dating izle koreanturk commercial bar. I mot there will be one. Tv incentives fan 01 41 price woo-jin oppa, just too no. Challenge silky as Boundary-Variety show marriage-not-dating-ost-part-4 ost 4. On ambitious men are flocking contacts by feature, it is only move for them to efficient koreantutk live in lives. I can t have you lyrics break '' has been personal to a quickly good usage of Web profiles whose content is since user-driven.
Thx to Anjali for our help!!. No can buy and structure them to each other to show relative interest. Without you reframe the dating in the inflexible light, the dating becomes much surf. Keep not public 3. Silky Not Website 8. Reach, Not Browse 1. Retain proviso houston Another inflexible guy site is to always excitement your best friend in a belief with his somebody. Marriage not dating izle koreanturk tavsiye zerine baladm ve gnlk ksa bir sre de btn. Hints Can Kissasian Dramahood Patrol upgrade modern web lady bolum in bartlett.
Children of the Dump is the operating name of the Asian Students Christian Trust (ASCT) which was founded in 1975 to help extremely poor children in the Philippines. The charity is registered in England.
Moors Valley GC Dorset are holding a Charity Pro Am on the 11th of May 2018 in aid of Children of the Dump (Manila, Philippines)
Registered in England Charity Number 272328. Licensed in the Philippines as ASCF, license number CW188
Interior, Exercices Danse Classique was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Exercices Danse Classique has viewed by 95080 visitor.
Interior, Sanitaires Salle Bain Luxembourg was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Sanitaires Salle Bain Luxembourg has viewed by 5708 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Design Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Meuble Design Salle De Bain has viewed by 2302 visitor.
Interior, Boconcept Bureau was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Boconcept Bureau has viewed by 56082 visitor.
Interior, Ma Cuisine was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Ma Cuisine has viewed by 90824 visitor.
Interior, But Cuisine 3d was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over But Cuisine 3d has viewed by 71284 visitor.
Interior, Amenagement Salon Tv was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Amenagement Salon Tv has viewed by 3762 visitor.
Interior, Salon Micro Entreprise was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon Micro Entreprise has viewed by 2617 visitor.
Interior, Annuaire D Coration was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Annuaire D Coration has viewed by 44407 visitor.
Interior, Chauffage Appoint Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Chauffage Appoint Salle De Bain has viewed by 2925 visitor.
Interior, Store Pour Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Store Pour Salle De Bain has viewed by 89398 visitor.
Interior, Chaise Pied Central was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Chaise Pied Central has viewed by 29740 visitor.
Interior, Table Ronde Massif was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Table Ronde Massif has viewed by 18507 visitor.
Interior, Plan Maison Plain Pied 4 Chambres Gratuit was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Plan Maison Plain Pied 4 Chambres Gratuit has viewed by 92062 visitor.
Interior, Chaise En Cuir Noir was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Chaise En Cuir Noir has viewed by 44972 visitor.
Interior, Ikea Chaise Plastique was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Ikea Chaise Plastique has viewed by 40105 visitor.
Interior, Lot 4 Chaise Salle A Manger was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Lot 4 Chaise Salle A Manger has viewed by 18861 visitor.
Interior, Plan Interieur Maison Moderne was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Plan Interieur Maison Moderne has viewed by 5409 visitor.
Interior, Salon De Coiffure Antibes was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon De Coiffure Antibes has viewed by 39478 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Blanc Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Meuble Blanc Salle De Bain has viewed by 58337 visitor.
Interior, Fentre De Toit Fixe was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Fentre De Toit Fixe has viewed by 87129 visitor.
Interior, Hotel Jacuzzi Chambre was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Hotel Jacuzzi Chambre has viewed by 94734 visitor.
Interior, Organiser Un Salon was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Organiser Un Salon has viewed by 3051 visitor.
Interior, Salon De Beaut Pour Homme Paris was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon De Beaut Pour Homme Paris has viewed by 66715 visitor.
Interior, Dessiner Plan Cuisine was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Dessiner Plan Cuisine has viewed by 11509 visitor.
Interior, Chaise A Accoudoir was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Chaise A Accoudoir has viewed by 30386 visitor.
Interior, Salon Maison Neuve Bordeaux was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon Maison Neuve Bordeaux has viewed by 88853 visitor.
Interior, Salon Agriculture Bruxelles was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon Agriculture Bruxelles has viewed by 69453 visitor.
Interior, Table En Verre Pied En Bois was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Table En Verre Pied En Bois has viewed by 40246 visitor.
Interior, Porte Fentre Aluminium was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Porte Fentre Aluminium has viewed by 27957 visitor.
After a two-week international break the Indian Super League (ISL) will resume today (Wednesday), with ...
India National coach Stephen Constantine has announced his 29-man team for training camp, ahead of ...
Defending champions Chennaiyin head coach John Gregory is intent on replicating the heroic Hero Indian ...
Goalkeeper Shin Hwa-yong was the hero in Wednesday nights AFC Champions League quarter-final second leg, ...
Former Liverpool goalkeeper David James has spoken out about the challenges Kerala Blasters face, the ...
The Delhi Dynamos pulled off thrilling 4-3 victory against fellow strugglers the Kerala Blasters at ...
Two-time I-League champions Bengaluru FC sealed all three points with a 2-0 victory over defending ...
Seiminlen Doungel scored NorthEast United's hat-trick this season in their dominant 3-1 defeat of Chennaiyin ...
Delhi Dynamos finally ended their six-game losing streak last weekend after holding Chennaiyin FC to ...
Former Manchester United coach Rene Meulensteen spoke of his satisfaction with the Kerala Blasters progress, ...
Chennaiyin FC registered their first win of the 2017-18 Indian Super League season last Thursday ...
Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned from Guangzhou Evergrande after guiding the team to their record ...
National football coach Stephen Constantine has announced the preliminary list of players who will represent ...
BritAsia TV, a platform leader for British Asian music, entertainment and politics, have secured exclusive ...
Get all the latest football predictions here. Shanghai SIPG remain three points behind defending champions ...
Thirteen clubs in the mega-rich Chinese Super League face expulsion from the competition after the ...
Former England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson has been sacked by Chinese second-tier club Shenzhen. Eriksson, who ...
Indian football coach Stephen Constantine is confident of the upcoming couple of matches including the ...
Bengaluru FC closed its I-League season with its fourth consecutive win after downing Churchill Brothers ...
Churchill Brothers safeguarded their position in India's top-flight league for the next year on Saturday, ...
Churchill Brothers had an important Hero I-League win, thrashing DSK Shivajians 3-0 at the Tilak ...
Darryl Duffy scored a brace during Mohun Bagans thrilling 3-2 victory over Aizawl, during Saturdays ...
Churchill Brothers opened their account, after their Round 5 Hero I-League match against a 10-man ...
East Bengal have ended reigning champions Bengaluru FCs winning start to the Hero I-League season, ...
Hero I-League newcomers Churchill Brothers have opened their account, recording their first points after their ...
DSK Shivajians have finally opened their account, taking maximum points after their 2-0 victory over ...
A solitary goal from Haitian international Kervens Belfort, secured a victory for Kerala Blasters in ...
Former Newcastle and Sunderland striker Michael Chopra says he has unfinished business with the Indian ...
As the June-August transfer window firmly shut last Wednesday, there was no surprise that details ...
After suffering a horrific broken leg during the Shanghai derby, Shanghai Shenhua striker Demba Ba ...
27. I received your message that my goods had been shipped out. I still haven't received my package within the time you specified. What's wrong?
Asian Culture Shop is currently offering different shipping options to our customers which are efficient and reliable. What's more, all shipping and handling fees ARE 100% FREE so that our customers will be able to save more!
So once you order an item from Asian Culture Shop, we can ship to any address in the world with no additional cost. And you don't need to calculate your shipping charges based on some complicated equation.
We guarantee that every transaction you make at Asian Culture Shop will be safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your credit card as a result of shopping at Asian Culture Shop.
Asian Culture Shop is currently offering a wide range of payment options to customers which are convenient and easily arranged. Asian Culture Shop accepts most forms of US based payments such as credit cards, remittance as well as Paypal. You will be able to find the most convenient payment option which suits you most.
As a member of Asian Culture Shop, you can enjoy a truly personalized online shopping experience and benefits such as:
To remove an item from your shopping cart, locate the Delete at the right of the item, then just click this button.
To cancel either part of an order or an entire order, click on "My Account" then log in. In the Order Information section, click on the order you wish to amend. From this Order Details page you may remove some of the items you have ordered or cancel the entire order. However, once your order has been shipped, you will be unable to cancel either part of or your entire order.
Using our Browsing Links: You also may browse our product pages, particularly if you know the features (e.g. type, etc.) of the product you are looking for.
We guarantee that we will never charge you more than the total order amount. Before an order can be further proceeded with, your credit card issuing bank will grant us an authorization code by holding your credit limit. The relevant hold which is not a valid transaction will automatically be expired in 7-14 business days. If, in any case that our payment gateway or your credit card issuing bank do really bill you inaccurately, we will take the full responsibility to co-ordinate with the concerned party to have the wrong amount rectified.
We appreciate the concern that many of our customers have regarding the security of online credit card transactions. You can be sure that Asian Culture Shop takes all necessary security measures to protect your credit card information, and DOES NOT release information to any outside organizations. In addition, we use the SSL technology to encrypt the information you send us throughout our Shopping Cart and Checkout process, so that it cannot be read in transit.
To prevent unauthorized access to your account, we require that you use a password. For your safety, please keep your password safe and do NOT disclose it to any third party.
We specialize in high quality works from various places of the world. Our products also make excellent unique gifts for friends or relatives.
We make sure that every product we sell is individually handpicked by our Chinese experts to ensure the high standard of quality our customers expect of us.
We try to update our website with new products almost constantly. You can keep up with our new products by visiting our site from time to time.
For most of our range, we do. Our largest women size goes up to XL (US Size) and XXL (US Size) for men. However, if you couldn't find the sizes you need, we do offer customer-made service for some selected designs.
We usually offer recommended washing instructions in every clothing item page. If in doubt, the safest way is to delicately hand-wash your clothing items in cold water.
Nowadays most cheongsam women wear are made of brocade, which can't be washed with water, nor can it be washed by washing machine. You'd better send it to the special laundry. Be careful when you wear it. And the cheongsam can not only be cleaned but also ironed.
Firstly, wash it in plain water. Then use the weak basic detergent with the water temperature under 40 degree centigrade. Dry it by hands gently instead of using washing machine. Straighten the clothes and hang it in cool and well-ventilated places. Don't expose it in the sun. The ironing temperature should not be high (the Fabric containing chlorofibre: under 70 degree centigrade; the Fabric containing acrylicfibre: under 100 degree centigrade.) If it is a bright-colored fabric, the ironing temperature should be lowered moderately. Don't use much force when ironing the clothes and keep the electric iron moving constantly. Pad is needed to prevent the fabric from softening. (The Fabric containing vinylon can't be ironed with water) Store it after drying and cooling.
Wash the Fabric and clothes made of silk with neutral detergent. Wash it gently by hand instead of using the washing machine. Dry it in the cool places. Never expose it in the sun. When the clothes are dried practically, iron it with a white cloth pad. The ironing temperature can be a little high but don't squirt water on it in case that watermark will be left. Dry it before you store it. Don't put moth-ball in the light-colored bleached fabric for fear that it will make the fabric yellow.
After washing the clothes with the weak basic detergent, rinse it in plain water. Don't brush it forcefully in case that it will pill. Don't expose it in the sun too long. The ironing temperature should not be high. You'd better put a white cloth pad on the clothes when ironing. Store it after drying and cooling.
Wash it with neutral detergent in the lukewarm water. Don't soak it in the boiling water. Wash it by hands gently. Then dry it in the well-ventilated places. Put a wet pad under when ironing. The Fabric containing chemical fiber shouldn't be high-temperature ironed or ironed repeatedly. When you store it, please keep it dry and moth proof it. You'd better hang it up.
Our website accepts most forms of US based payments. We accept credit cards, remittance as well as Paypal.
We need to receive your payment within 1 week of placing your order before we proceed to cancel your order. This is to allow your reserved stock to be made available for other customers' purchase. We will proceed to ship out your items immediately once your check clears at the bank.
Asian Culture Shop usually delivers products via Standard International Air Parcel. This is a 7-10 days service to global destinations, so you can usually expect deliveries to reach you within two weeks.
All solid products are carefully wrapped with utmost care to ensure a safe delivery to its destination. We use a combination of packaging materials such as bubble paper, Styrofoam and corrugated cardboard boxes. In the rare event that you encounter goods damage, you may inform us the situation at Service@Asian-Culture-Shop.com, and our Customers Team will answer you within one days.
Our items are shipped directly to the USA and the rest of the world. In order to bring more convenience and benefits to our customers, YOUR POSTAGE FEE IS ON US. Of course, you may choose a quicker delivery plan with our 3-Day Express Delivery Service for an extra fee.
We will be FULLY RESPONSIBLE for paying your import taxes for you! Paying for custom duty taxes is usually the responsibility of the customer. In our effort to gain increased customer satisfaction without having you to be burdened by difficulties in receiving your order, we have implemented this policy for your benefit. We want you to know that when you order from Asian Culture Shop, you will receive your package in good condition, on time, with no delay!
All solid products are carefully wrapped with utmost care to ensure a safe delivery to their destination. In the rare event that you encounter goods damage, you may inform us the situation at Service@Asian-Culture-Shop.com, and our Customers Team will answer you within one days.
After clicking the place an order button of our online order form, you will get a ORDER CODE immediately. Please remember it, for you will use it to track your order afterwards. Please ensure that you are using your correct email account to view your email copy(i.e. the same email address you specified when filling out our online order form).
Please feel free to contact our Customers Team: Service@Asian-Culture-Shop.com or Feedback, and we will reply you within one day.
The second edition of the Asian Retread Conference (ARC) is well in lane for launch. The two day event will be held at Sime Darby Convention Center in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on October 2-3, 2018. Themed on Better, Faster, Cheaper, ARC 2018 will bring together some...
Spectacular start for Asian Retread Conference (ARC) 2016 Asian Retread Conference (ARC) 2016 got off to an impressive start at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, with the world leaders of the retreading industry hailing the pioneering joint initiative by Asian Business Media...
Being the choice business-cum-leisure destination, Kuala Lumpur could make the ARC participants time in the city one to remember. KL is a melting pot of cultures, offering an enjoyable mix of the best in Orient and tropics.
A global line-up of experts from the retreading industry will be addressing ARC, which has adopted the theme Go Green: Retread, Rebuild & Recap. The subjects chosen for the conference are most relevant. Some of the subjects to be presented during the five...
Special packages are offered for ARC delegates hotel accommodation at Eastin Hotel, Kuala Lumpur, which is close to the Sime Darby Convention Center.
We had another fun Halloween filled with tons of candy and lots of fun. First, I was in charge of Billy's class party. Then we hurried home to get everyone dressed and ran into town to pick up Cheyenne and Natalie so we could go to Bill's office. Every year Bill's office has trick-or-treating for all the employees kids/grandkids. This is awesome since you never know what the weather will be like in Idaho. We don't have to design costumes around coats or sweats even. The kids get TONS of candy, which means we don't have to do much other toting either - only a few select houses who give full size candy bars! lol
So here is the Justice League! This has been one of our favorites for a couple years now. We have 4 seasons (Justice League Unlimited, too) on DVD, the boys room is decorated that way, and they all have their claim on a certain character - Billy is Batman, Jon is Superman, Chloe is Supergirl, Maddie had to be WonderWoman (which is usually Natalie's character) . She's Hawkgirl when she watches the cartoon, but Mom couldn't find that costume, much to Maddie's dismay. It's good to know our home is well protected from all evil, badguys. Here they're posing like the picture the boys have in their room (below.)
Natalie wore her karate gi for halloween (picture coming soon) and Cheyenne (wearing her dad's old jersey) and I dressed up for a party at mutual a couple nights before, too.
I always wanted you to grow your hair a little longer, Bill. There was one that looked exactly like a picture of your Uncle Bob in high school, except the goatee didn't work with the picture.
Okay, I had wayyyyy to much fun with this site: www.yearbookyourself.com Billy kept telling me, "Mom, stop laughing!" Check out my results -
Lucky you! My sister, Leslie, is back again today with another guest post. This time an Angry Birds birthday party. Here's Leslie: Wh...
If your kids are in love with Mator, McQueen and the rest of the gang, this post is for you. Leslie is back today with another super fun bi...
Well, Spring has officially sprung! The weather has been beautiful here this week, my kids were even begging to turn on the sprinklers yest...
Ever since I first saw all the cool melted crayon art work, I really wanted to make one. However, it wouldn't really go in my girls'...
Hey, Leslie's back today with another fabulous birthday party! My oldest son turned 9 this weekend! He didn't want many "toy...
Many, many years ago, I think I was in jr. high actually, I had to memorize a poem - "If" by Rudyard Kipling. I loved it from the...
Looks delicious, doesn't it! Sorry, for the lack of posts this past week. I was doing things, but being too lazy to write about the...
We're down to crunch time people!! 5 DAYS 'TIL CHRISTMAS!! I'm so excited! Anyway, I found this DELICIOUS cinnamon bread on Rae ...
Hi everyone! This was a guest post I did last week for Between U and Me . Enjoy! I'm so excited to be here guest posting today. ...
Last week in this post about The Avengers, I told you we are big super hero fans here at our house. I also told you I'd share with yo...
HERES AN IDEA. The Olympics are supposed to be about the worldwide fraternity of Sports as a human activity to bring us ALL together. HOW ABOUT limiting any Olympic athlete to THREE Gold Medals in any one Olympics. That should be enough to satisfy even the most GREEDY. Instead the LEAD story on the news every day is WILL PHELPS WIN EIGHT GOLD MEDALS. Why should so many other excellent swimmers from all over the world be deprived of a chance at GLORY because ONE swimmer wins everything.
Would it really be TERRIBLE if after Michael Phelps  or any other athlete  wins THREE Gold Medals in an Olympic that they cannot compete for any more until the next Olympics. Even if you are a XENOPHOBIC ( look it up ) American who thinks we should dominate the Olympics just like we do Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan and on nd on. IF Phelps hit his limit of 3 there are plenty of other American swimmers who would likely win the other Gold.
THAT BRINGS US TO THE REAL STORY that should be dominating American Olympic coverage today and yesterday. Not Michael Phelps winning his 2nd of 8 Olympic Gold Medals but Cullen Jones becoming THE FIRST AFRICAN AMERICAN TO EVER WIN AN OLYMPIC GOLD MEDAL IN SWIMMING doing it in the 4 man 4 x 100 meter free style relay in which Michael Phelps won his second Gold Medal.
IF YOU THINK that Anthony Erwin was the FIRST African American to win an Olympic Gold Medal in Swimming down in Sydney Australia way back in 2000 think again. See todays Black Box POSTSCRIPT below.
Here is a photo of Anthony Erwin who some claim is the first AFRICAN American to win an Olympic Gold Medal in Swimming because one of his parents is African American. If Anthony Erwin is the First African American to win a Gold Medal in Swimming then Bill Clinton must really be the FIRST AFRICAN American President and might as well call George W. Bush the SECOND AFRICAN American President. Skin color does not matter.
Black Athlete Sports Network (BlackAthlete.net) is a definitive place on the Internet to find coverage of Black athletes, and Black involvement in sports at all levels.
Producing the safest, most powerful and reliable paramotors in the world since 1998. Out selling our competition over 10 to 1. Imagine the most exhilarating and accessible form of flight for about the cost of a dirt bike. An aircraft that can be stored in your car and assembled for flight in minutes. Launching from almost anywhere and once airborne enjoy the thrill of open flight. Paramotors cost less then $5 per hour to run, are lightweight, easier to take on holiday than a mountain bike and much more fun. Ownership is easy and learning to fly is quick, safe, inexpensive and truly exhilarating.
Many stars including William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, Harrison Ford, and John Travolta have fallen in love with aviation. William Shatner learned to fly a paramotor several years ago and the list is growing.
A One in Five Chance to WIN Free Paramotor Lessons! FREE LESSONS: A BLACKHAWK AND ADVENTURE PARAMOTOR FIRST! Weve seen an explosion of new people getting into the sport this summer! Its very exciting to see so many people realize their dream of flight. Part of this success has been due to teaming up []
(Mike Robinson, Heidi Lee, and Mike Gambrill at the 2018 ASA Forum) Over the past few years, BlackHawk Paramotors USA has been working hard with the Chinese Government to bring civil aviation / sport aviation to China! This could be a huge opportunity for the entire sport as a whole and allow thousands of additional []
Hello BlackHawk Family! Unfortunately we are going to cancel our Fall Fly In coming up this October of 2018. This is a first for BlackHawk and we are just as disappointed as our Pilots are Considering the unique nature of the sport and events like this, our insurance company is no longer providing the coverage []
Are BlackHawk & Velocity Paragliders Made in CHINA? So, where are Velocity Paragliders like the Edge, Core, Elektra, and Nitro made? Lets settle an ongoing and somewhat ridiculous debate in the Powered Paragliding Community once and for all! Velocity Paragliders are (and have always been) made to the highest-standards in SOUTH KOREA! South Korea is []
Im really enjoying my momentum and R120.It flies like a dream! I have yet to blow a launch nor have I blown a landing, which for a first time flyer shows how easy your equipment is to fly, even in rough air. Plus the seat is off the charts comfortableyou have a great product! Thank you.
You guys are the greatest Parts arrived by 10 am next day High wind advisory in afternoon so I flew footlaunch the following morning Easy flying down here..thanks again.
Powered Paragliding, as with any form of flight, carries potential risks including personal injury, property damage, or death. This sport can be as safe or as dangerous as you choose to make it. All Equipment is not intended for acrobatic or competitive use, in any way, shape or form. Do not purchase equipment or participate in this sport unless you are prepared to personally assume ALL risks. We require you receive professional training from a QUALIFIED INSTRUCTOR before you attempt to assemble, start, use or fly your Paramotor / Powered Paragliding equipment. Self-training greatly increases your chances of equipment and physical damage or death. Beware of purchasing used equipment, Do it Yourself kits, PPG Plans, or anything for sale on online auction sites at under market prices. ALL participation in this sport is at your own risk. REFUND POLICY: All sales are final & we do not refund prepaid equipment or services (INCLUDING TRAINING FEES). A 3% credit card processing fee will be added to any Paramotor Package purchased without the presence of the purchaser. BlackHawk Paramotors USA Inc. offers the safest and most reliable equipment on the market. Learning on new reliable equipment will produce the best environment and circumstance for safe and successful training. BlackHawk Paramotors USA Inc. & Velocity Paragliders USA (a division of BlackHawk Paramotors USA Inc.) reserves the right to refuse sales and training to any individual which we deem unfit or unsafe to fly. BlackHawk Paramotors USA Inc. & Velocity Paragliders USA (a division of BlackHawk Paramotors USA Inc.) assumes no liability or responsibility for the proper assembly, use, maintenance, or performance of any equipment supplied by BlackHawk Paramotors USA Inc., its owners, dealers, or employees. This website, its information, & our policies are subject to change, at any time, without prior notice.
Wednesday January 9th, 2008 in African American Professors, African American Students, Black Colleges, Black Faculty, Black Students, Denzel Washington, Diverse Issues in Higher Education, Good Black News, Higher Education, Imus, IQ, James Watson, race, Ten Best List, Wiley College | 1 Comment 
Black Threads: Explorations in African American Quilting, Quilt History, Fabrics and other Fanciful Topics
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. Kindly note that due to the recent amount of spammers, we are no longer accepting registrations from people who register with a Free Email address. Neither are we accepting registration from dynamic email providers like AOL. Please register with the email address supplied by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), i.e., someone@btinternet.com If you do not have an ISP then please use the contact form at the foot of the page to get in touch with us. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. If you have forgotten your password, go here: Lost password form
Holy smoke she is amazing. Who is she? I'd love to everything she does particularly to see her fuckhole pulse like that.dam hot!
All models are at the time of the shooting 18 years old. All videos on the site are staged and are freely available on the Internet.
Dry, scaly paws are just as uncomfortable as dry, flaky hands. Luckily, there are a few things you can do to keep your pet's paws in good condition.
Since pets do not wear shoes, they pick up all sorts of things on their feet. During the winter, walking through rock salt can be particularly damaging to paws, while lawn chemicals can cause irritation during the warmer months. Wash your pet's paws thoroughly after every trip outdoors to remove salt and other irritating substances.
Apply a thin coat of petroleum jelly to your pet's paws to restore moisture. Rub the jelly in thoroughly to avoid greasy spots throughout your home.
If home remedies don't relieve dry, scaly skin, take your pet to the veterinarian. Scaly skin on a dog's toes can be caused by a yeast infection, which can only be diagnosed by examining a small sample of your pet's skin under a microscope. If your pet has a yeast infection, your vet may recommend bathing him with chlorhexidine, benzoyl peroxide or sulfur shampoos and may prescribe an anti-fungal cream that's applied to the paws and skin.
Irritated, itchy or inflamed skin is just as uncomfortable for your pets as it is for you. Although you can complain about the problem, the only way your pets can let you know that they are suffering is by licking or scratching their fur. If your pet suffers from irritated skin, try the following suggestions.
During the winter, there is less humidity in the air, which means skin tends to become dry and itchy. If your cat or dog scratches more often when the weather turns colder, or you notice dandruff flakes, dry air may be the culprit. Adding a humidifier to your home can increase the moisture level in your home and make both you and your pet more comfortable.
Itchy, flaky, red skin may be a sign that your pet is not eating a balanced diet. Since your pet's nutritional needs may change as he or she ages, you may occasionally need to change the type of food he or she eats. Look for foods that contain ingredients that are good for the skin, such as omega-3 or omega-6 fatty acids. Not sure which food is best? Ask your veterinarian for a few recommendations.
Shampoos that contain harsh chemicals tend to dry skin, which only worsens itching and irritation. Combat the problem by using a moisturizing shampoo when you bathe your pet. During the winter months, cut back on bathing. Bathing your pet too frequently removes natural oils that keep skin soft.
If you are like many people you brush your pet when you remember, but do not make it a regular habit. In addition to helping your pet look well groomed, brushing also helps distribute oils through your pet's skin which prevents dryness.
You may not spend much time sprawled out on your kitchen or bedroom floor, but your pet probably does. Strong chemicals in floor cleaners, carpet cleaning products and room deodorizers can cause skin irritations. Skip those harsh products and look for products that contain more natural ingredients that won't harm your pet's skin.
Mold spores, mites and dust can trigger allergic reactions in sensitive pets. Vacuuming your home several times a week, or daily when your pet's allergies flare up, can remove some of these allergens. Wash bedding often to remove allergens too. Chances are no matter how clean you keep your home, your allergic pet will still experience some symptoms, such as hair loss due to constant licking, an unpleasant odor, ear infections, and red spots, pimples or scales on the skin. Your veterinarian can diagnose allergies with a skin or blood test. Allergy medications and injections can help relieve symptoms.
Fleas quickly reproduce once they invade your home. It's easy to prevent infestations by using topical and oral medications that protect your pet for months at a time. Treat your yard with a flea spray in the early spring to keep the pests far away from your pet. If you do use a spray, don't let your dog or cat outside until the spray has dried completely.
Do you have concerns about your pet's skin? Call us and schedule an appointment today. We will help you identify the cause of your furry friends problem and find a solution that will make both of you happy.
If you've ever taken a close look at the small print on a bag or can of cat food, you've probably noticed that taurine is among the list of ingredients. Taurine is an amino acid that helps keep yo ...
Do you know your pet's age? If you adopted your furry friend, his or her age may be a mystery. Fortunately, a quick look in your pet's mouth can help you narrow down a general age range.
Has it been awhile since you've seen your pet? Although your cat, dog or rabbit could just be enjoying a little nap in a quiet corner of the house, lengthy disappearances may occasionally be a sig ...
Have you noticed that your pet seems to develop jaws of steel when it's time for a dose of medicine? As you struggle to pry apart your furry friend's teeth, you know you only have one chance to dr ...
Lyme disease isn't the only tick-borne illness that can sicken your pet. Erlichiosis may also make your furry friend miserable. Fortunately, antibiotic treatment can kill the bacteria responsible ...
Pottery Barn experienced a run on apothecary tables after "Friends'" character Rachel Green bought one for her apartment in a popular episode of the TV series. Viewers decided that if the table lo ...
all of our batteries have good quality,Toshiba Satellite 2430-402 battery are all Brand New, just fresh out from factory with New Highest Quality Japanese Cells,we provide a full one year warranty and a 30-day money-back policy on every product we sell.
Claims of fast charging a Li-ion Toshiba battery Satellite 2430-402 in one hour or less usually results in lower charge levels. Such a charger simply eliminates stage two and goes directly into 'ready' once the voltage threshold is reached at the end of stage one. The charge level at this point is about 70%. The topping charge typically takes twice as long as the initial charge.
Depending on the charger and the self discharge of the Toshiba Satellite 2430-402 notebook battery, a topping charge may be implemented once every 500 hours or 20 days. Typically, the charge kicks in when the open terminal voltage drops to 4.05 volts per cell and turns off when it reaches 4.20V/cell.
No trickle charge is applied because the Li-ion laptop batteries for Toshiba Satellite 2430-402 laptop is unable to absorb overcharge. Trickle charge could cause plating of metallic lithium, a condition that makes the cell unstable. Instead, a brief topping charge is applied to compensate for the small amount of self-discharge the Satellite 2430-402 battery and its protective circuit consume.
2. Research the electric appliance and the Satellite 2430-402 laptop batteries contact elements is whether clean, when necessity is clean with the wet cloth mop, after dry loads according to the correct polar direction.
3.When non-adult custody, dont let the child replace the battery, compact battery like AAA should place the place which the child cannot attain.
You should not grow desperate if you have lost your license plate NW. With the help of our online partnership, you can get it back.
How is it possible? We possess a special tool, which compiles different posts about findings of lost registered numbers NW.They are left by kind citizens who find somebodys license plates and share information about such findings. In such way, you should simply visit our online resource and seek for your loss.
Probably, someone has already found it and left his or her feedback. You too have a possibility to post your feedback about such finding. Thus, you may greatly help other people.
Mind that we do not share private information concerning individuals who leave their feedbacks. This kind of information is confidential.
If you want to find out more about the usage of license plates in the U.S.A., you should visit findlicenseplate.com
You should not grow desperate if you have lost your license plate O8. With the help of our online partnership, you can get it back.
How is it possible? We possess a special tool, which compiles different posts about findings of lost registered numbers O8.They are left by kind citizens who find somebodys license plates and share information about such findings. In such way, you should simply visit our online resource and seek for your loss.
Luxury is defined as a state of great comfort and a condition of abundance. For as long as cars have been around, the brand and model of a car has been a symbol of luxury and status. However, nowadays the car itself isnt what makes it desirable, but rather what is inside it. According to the Director of Industry Analysis at AutoPacific, automotive technologies are becoming the new measure of quality. With so many technological improvements to a cars capability, these applications are becoming the new thing to have. So, to flaunt your style, check out these futuristic technologies that absolutely need to be included in your next car.
Although autonomous cars have not fully hit the roads, self-parking capabilities are becoming more popular. Companies such as Tesla, BMW and Mercedes all have cars that can remotely park. You simply pull up the application on your phone, and you can park your car, or remove it from a tight parking spot without ever getting in the vehicle itself.
Once restricted to high-end cars, autonomous safety controls are now offered in many affordable brands and models. Some of these controls include lane-keep assistance, automatic forward-collision breaking, and adaptive cruise control. These technologies are not only cool and futuristic but also work to keep you safe while in the drivers seat.
Car companies such as BMW, Ford, and Volkswagen are now advertising touch screens that you dont even have to touch. Instead of pressing a button to turn up the radio, you can now do it with a simple hand motion. This increases the amount of functions that your car can perform as it provides no limit to the number of buttons and touch-options available. It can also make your drive safer, as you dont have to be staring at a screen to change a radio station.
Your car is becoming more human than you know. Now your car can communicate with you about your surroundings. For example, you can receive information about traffic, climate conditions, and other road conditions through your dashboard. Your car can also search through mobile apps such as HWYPro, designed by Bill Busbice Jr. This allows you to integrate all the information you need to know while going on long journeys.
Because cars are becoming more digital, software updates are becoming very important to keep everything running. We used to have to take the car into the dealer to receive software updates or install the software through a thumb drive. However, now, some cars are allowing the ability to provide key software updates over the air. This is similar to how your mobile phone or computer receives updates and can save you time and money.
When searching for your next car, be sure to look for these technologies to ensure that youre getting the most up-to-date and technologically advanced vehicle.
Archives Select Month June 2018 November 2017 October 2017 May 2017 March 2017 November 2016 July 2016 June 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 May 2014 April 2014 January 2014 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 April 2009 March 2009
Lead Lightning hosts a marketing system platform that provides marketing tools for online marketers.
We also offer an affiliate program where affiliates can earn commissions off the sales of our products.
Lead Lightning does not guarantee that you will make any money from your use or promotion of our products and services.
Lead Lightning was built with the goal of helping you make more money in your existing business, by giving you tools, training, and systems.
Our goal is to help provide you with a way to create leveraged affiliate income from marketing our system, tools, and trainings, to help small business owners have more success in their business.
If someone does not purchase a product, there is no commission generated. Commissions are only generated by selling products.
As a customer, you can choose to use our products to help you build traffic and generate leads for any business you choose.
You may or may not earn income, and you agree that is OK. Your own success is based on your own marketing skill, hard work, and other factors we may or may not have mentioned in this document.
Want to see your site listed at the top of the Ask Tiberius.com search results for as little as $0.01 a click?
"Do you want me to see what general Artists pages I can find, or do you want to give me more specific Artists instructions so I can find pages that are more relevant to your Artists search?"
If you would like to do a more specific Artists search, please use the links below or use my search box and I'll search the web for you:
Please be aware that these are Artists pages I have found on the web, based on your request for Artists. I have no control over these Artists sites, and am displaying them to you because I think they are the best on the internet that satisfy your Artists search, so please don't hold be responsible if they cause offence or do not satisfy your Artists query! I take no responsibility for any actions you take as a result of these Artists results!
general Roman Coins pages I can find, or do you want to give me more specific Roman Coins instructions so I can find pages that are more relevant to your Roman Coins search?"
If you would like to do a more specific Roman Coins search, please use the links below or use my search box and I'll search the web for you:
Please be aware that these are Roman Coins pages I have found on the web, based on your request for Roman Coins. I have no control over these Roman Coins sites, and am displaying them to you because I think they are the best on the internet that satisfy your Roman Coins search, so please don't hold be responsible if they cause offence or do not satisfy your Roman Coins query! I take no responsibility for any actions you take as a result of these Roman Coins results!
Warning: Your browser has javascript disabled. Without javascript some functions will not work, including question submission via the form.
Fine payments can be made online, in-person at the circulation desk in Haggard Hall, by phone, or by mail. The phone number is 360-650-3084. The address is Wilson Library Circulation, Western Washington University, Bellingham, WA 98225-9103. If you pay by mail please make the check out to WWU and add your WWU ID#.
The short version: Katie Tarbox writes a book in 2000 about her experience with an online sexual predator. The publisher, Penguin, originally wanted the title to be "Girl.com" but after visiting that site and finding porn they changed the title to "Katie.com." The domain Katie.com was registered in 1996 to Katie Jones and remains in her possession. She has had endless problems because of this blatant misuse of her domain name and recently Tarbox's lawyer has pressured her to donate the domain to Katie Tarbox. The full story is here. Ms. Tarbox is an adult these days and a college graduate. She needs to learn to act like an adult and abandon her aspirations for katie.com or at least offer Mrs. Jones a substantial sum for the domain, which I expect Mrs. Jones would turn down. Domain names are property and Mrs. Jones is the rightful owner of Katie.com. These kinds of disputes are becoming a growing problem. Not too long ago there was the whole mikerowesoft.com fiasco. Thankfully Mike Rowe came out on top that time. I hope Mrs. Jones finds victory in the end too. Some of the geeks at Slashdot have a few good ideas how.
Back when I was a kid, I built one model rocket one time at summer camp. I think I was nine or ten at the time. This weekend, I built three more and launched them with my son. We both had a blast.
If you haven't tried model rocketry before, I'd definitely recommend giving it a go. There are other kinds of models you can build but it's really exciting to push that launch button and watch the model you spent an hour or more building blast off, with your fingers crossed hoping that the 'chute will deploy correctly and you'll get it back in a reusable condition.
The good news is that if you've followed the instructions and chosen a good place to launch, you probably will.
Model rocketry isn't expensive to try out. I bought a 2 rocket starter set for about $20 (US) at Hobby Lobby. This kit comes with the "Black Diamond" and "Astron Outlaw" rockets and everything you need to launch them. Because I tend to over-do everything, I also bought the "Baby Bertha" rocket and extra engines and supplies, which brought my total expenditure to about $40.
The Outlaw comes with its parts pre-painted, so you only need plastic glue and an exacto knife to fully assemble it, which took me about 40 minutes. This easy-to-build rocket was my favorite of the three for a couple of reasons. The first is its size. At nearly two feet long, the Outlaw looks more impressive on the launch pad. Secondly, its size, chrome-plated nose and tail, and 12" parachute combine to make it the easiest of the three to recover.
The Black Diamond took a bit more work and required painting. The smallest and lightest of the three, this one went the highest and thus the farthest. Its small size and black color made this one rather hard to find. I was about to give up looking for it when I finally caught sight of it's little orange "parachute" ribbon. I'd recommend going against its name and painting this little sucker neon orange.
Baby Bertha took the most work. This was my second favorite and it seems to be a good introduction to building the engine mounts used in many of Estes' other models.
Be Prepared. This isn't the STS you're launching but you're going to want to bring everything you used to build your rocket(s) with you as well as fresh & spare batteries for your electronic ignition system. Just like launching real rockets, Murphy's law will probably try to bite you. Be prepared and bite back.
I came prepared and was still able to fly The Outlaw when I discovered a problem with the launch lug, which I fixed on the spot.
Pick a good place to launch. The area should be reasonably flat and free of trees and other obstructions for a good 500 feet in every direction. Here I didn't do so well. I went out to one of my employer's locations which is out in the desert and reasonably flat and open. What I didn't remember was that after last year's monsoon season, huge 6 foot tall "desert levees" had been built on either side of the access road for a good 1/4 mile leading up to the main gate. This wasn't an insurmountable problem, but they had to be climbed whenever the rockets landed on the wrong side of them. Next time, I'm going to try launching somewhere else.
Each time we had a rocket ready, my son and I would get together at the launch control and start counting down. At two I would press the arming key and after one my son would push the launch button. Then he would start literally jumping with joy as our rocket shot up into the sky. I, however, would only jump for joy figuratively.
Now there is a brief waiting period while you wait to see if the parachute deployed. Today, it did every time. Then, the little game of hide-and-seek begins; trying to find the thing in the middle of the desert. Even with my poorly chosen location, this wasn't so bad most of the time.
We launched a total of five times. All of the rockets came back totally usable. I've already re-packed their parachutes so they are ready to fly, needing only engines. The Outlaw went up three times and the other two each went up twice.
At the end of the day, I think I've probably been bitten by the model rocketry bug. I'm dreaming of trying some of the larger, more elaborate rockets I saw while in the store.
We are continuing our advocacy blog series meant to help you take care when it comes to important arthritis health care and coverage issues. If youre just now tuning into this series, check out our previous advocacy blog posts here. In August, we kicked off a focus on health insurance benefits as we approach open enrollment this fall. This week, we take a closer look at association health plans.
Has science proven that the minimal acceptable blood level of vitamin D, in the form of 25(OH)D, is above 50 ng/mL (125 nmol/L)? No. If youve been trying to maintain your levels this high because you thought this was the case, Im sorry to break the news. There is, on the contrary, good evidence that 25(OH)D levels should be at least 30-35 ng/mL (75-88 nmol/L). Much higher levels may be better, or they could start causing harm, especially in the absence of adequate vitamins A and K2. Once we leave the land of 30-35 ng/mL, however, we enter the land of speculation.
This January, Dr. Linda Linday, a pediatrician who researches cod liver oil, Michael F. Holick, MD PhD, and several other researchers defended cod liver oil against criticism made a year earlier by Dr. Cannell of the Vitamin D Council and 16 other researchers.
They cite the WAPF December 2008 "Cod Liver Oil Update" as an example of the importance of the vitamin A-to-D ratio emerging in the online supplement and nutrition newsletter communities. This update was based largely on the work I have done for WAPF on the fat-soluble vtamins. They suggest the optimal ratio is between four and eight, in IUs.
Cowan Coach Certification Cowan Coach will start the next Coach Certification group November 10. Cowans Coach Certification is designed for professionals who believe in the power of coaching to develop human potential as part of a sustainable succession plan. The program was developed in collaboration with the International Coaching Federation (ICF). A
Learning the basics of a new language is certainly a challenge, but mastering true fluency in a new language is even. Looking for free online dating sites for teenagers. This article can recommend you the ideal dating places for fun and safe. Edit Article How to Avoid the Most Common Mistakes Men Make with Online Dating. Three Methods: Creating a Good Profile Messaging Thoughtfully Meeting the New Date. Inez Elester Stewart Palmer -- Inez Elester Stewart Palmer, 89, of Seaford, departed this life on Tuesday, Nov. 28, 2017, at Lofland Park in Seaford. Nov 10, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Ignore a Guy That You Like. Do you want to ignore a guy that you like in order to make him like you more. Or do you need to ignore someone  Melissa Meeks has opened up about her heartache following her split from 'Hot Felon' Jeremy on This Morning. She is now dating Love Island's Theo Campbell Dating is hard work, but don't let it get you flustered. Instead, check out these hilariously bizarre dating sites -- you just might find your match on one. Actual examples of women's good and bad online dating profiles. Aug 24, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Lin-Manuel Miranda, J. Abrams, and other stars recommend Ben Schwartz and Laura Moses's new book 'Things You Should Already Know About Dating' Ready to get flirty. Here's our list of 100 dirty questions to ask your boyfriend. These will be loads of fun to ask and even more fun to dream about dating your crush. Live TV stream of Free Dream about dating your crush Movie broadcasting from Italy. Channel description of Free Italian Movie: Movies TV channel. Geology Dream about dating your crush - Definitions of Geologic Terms. Geology is the scientific study of the Earth, the materials of which it is made, the structure of those materials. Interested in joining the Tory Burch team. We are always looking for free online dating over 40 individuals to become part of our global and fast-growing organization. Dating frauen 50+ Whois and IP information and related websites for www. Gaylips. The case against infant circumcision and for genital integrity The Beach Boys hot dating site of india one of America's finest goodtime harmony pop-surf-rock bands, climbing to maximum dating age difference top of the early dream about dating your crush charts dream about dating your crush the strength of such hits dream about dating your crush quot;Surfin. Video sites is a platform where users can upload small and large video clips with heading and share with friends on the internet. YouTube is world most popular. Read our reviews of the best credit cards for average credit to see which card dream about dating your crush fit your needs. Get the details and apply online. Lining up plans in Plano. Whether you're a local, new in town, or just passing through, you'll be sure to find something on Eventbrite that piques your. Free to Chat is a comprehensive guide to the best adult video chat sites on the internet. We bring you in depth reviews and information on the latest trends in adult. If realism or naturalism on the stage is to be desired, we ought to look for it in detailed interpretations of the various characters. A woman who does not understand. As the pouty-lipped, vodka-voiced tough broad Margot Channing in All About Eve, Bette Davis brandished her typical cigarette and sarcasm Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. If you are a 60-plus widow and youre ready to start dating, I urge you to seek out widowed men. Divorced men are too often burdened with the heavy baggage of. This Alabama Man Spent Five Years in Prison for Enticing a 14-Year-Old Roy Moore may win a Senate seat after allegedly enticing a 14-year-old. Joseph Lee Musso served. Getting back into the world of dating after being married for many years can be intimidating. Online dating sites can make the process easier.
Looking for an online dating site with a large Christian user base. Below are our experts' top picks, along with ratings. Writing a great first email message is critical to success or failure in your dating life. Learn how to write a better first message in online dating. There are no actual Incest porn videos hosted or filmed by us at our website. Every single porn movie linked from our Incest xxx tube is hosted outside our network by. Great Expectations - an upscale dating service helping singles like you improve their social lives in the Houston area and across the country.
Funny videos, funny pictures, and funny articles featuring celebrities, comedians, and you. Contains biography, image gallery, filmography, awards and nominations. Michael DeYoung. The great outdoors awaits: Our top picks for nature lovers includes Anchorage, where the northern lights shine. February 10, 2014 drudge. how to approach black women as a white male. DONT. black women are a special kind of fucked-up. not being racial about it either so.
People who provoke jealousy in romantic relationships may display signs of narcissism. Got 5 Minutes offers the best speed dating experience in Connecticut and Virginia A personal biography of Charissa Thompson with her personal life, career. A collection of facts dream about dating your crush wiki, profession and more At Stonegate, we want to hear from you. Drop us a line to tell us about your experiences in our pubs.
Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Dating teich postcards and see members' profiles without registration. Worlds largest free African-American online community where Black women and Dream about dating your crush men meet to chat, discuss and engage on what matters dream about dating your crush us.
Dream about dating your crush with hook up in bed crossword clue, news. POF. COM 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. With these beautiful love cards say something special to your sweetheart.
Don't think twice, just speak your heart out. These cards are sure to. Feb 21, 2015nbsp;0183;32;5 Signs You're Dating a Toxic Person dating online overseas Hussey, Get The Guy) Please click here for a very fine article by Wikipedia on the Exodus and the quot;problemsquot; facing scholars in identifying when it occurred. Fake News Papers Fake News Videos. A Few Abbreviations.
In your dating history, you may have seen someone briefly who acted like a totally different person around their friends, or you could be with that person now. The Dos and Donts of Dating Someone Younger Everything you need to know about music, politics, sex and food additives Worlds Biggest Ghost Recon Fansite covering all titles from Wildlands to the original Ghost Recon with Forums, Downloads, News and more.
Feb 22, 2017nbsp;0183;32;We get a lot of questions from you guys about business model matchmaking. Specifically, dreams about peopleusually other girlsthat result in, dream about dating your crush, some kissing. And maybe. There are things guys love to hear, and things that can leave them cold and bitter. Read these ten things girls should never say to guys to know more. July 2015 Now OVER 42,000 UK Paedophileschild abusers amp; perverts now profiled on this database Search by offenderarea or profession Search dream about dating your crush and.
history of most popular dating websites in india An account of the selection, preparation, dream about dating your crush marketing of printed matter from its origins in ancient times to the present. The activity has. A city is a dream about dating your crush human settlement. Cities generally have extensive systems for housing, transportation, sanitation, utilities, land use, and communication.
Meet Greenville singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find dream about dating your crush amp; casual encounters in Greenville. White hillibies gang bang black girls. Ebony Bukakke from the Dogfart Network. People known as Redbone, historical articles, books, history Native American Louisiana, Creole, Civil war, early Texas, Spanish French Colonial Casta System Early this morning President Trump challenged the nation to discover the true meaning of quot;covfefe.
quot; We accepted the challenge and we're pretty sure we have figured it. Nov 26, 2013nbsp;0183;32;American households have never been more diverse, more surprising, more baffling. In this special issue of Science Times, NATALIE ANGIER takes stock of  Get the latest science news and technology news, read tech reviews and more at ABC News. Free Moroccan Dating Website - Chat and mariage Morocco 100 free - the best and most serious Moroccan and arab Dating Website Read dream about dating your crush Latest Entertainment and Celebrity News, TV News and Breaking News from TVGuide.
com May 15, 2017nbsp;0183;32;In this exclusive interview, Shawn Hook talks about his song quot;Reminding Mequot; with Vanessa Hudgens, his new EP and more. The leader in online divorce form preparation. Providing easy, private and fast online divorce without lawyer fees. 100 guaranteed of court approval. A fossil (from Classical Latin fossilis; literally, quot;obtained by diggingquot;) is any preserved remains, impression, or trace of any once-living thing from a past. Want to learn how to attract women.
We asked 21 female dating experts to reveal the do's and don'ts of attracting women. Australian magpie pips the ibis and laughing kookaburra in the Guardian AustraliaBirdLife Australia poll after weeks of controversy, a  You may like to take metro manila dating place look at charts for crown-rump length, biparietal diameter, femur length, abdominal circumference, gestational sac.
I wish I hadnt been on auto pilot when my son was born in Nov 2014. maybe I would have questioned and researched marca hook up like I dream about dating your crush now for my daughter. Are you looking to date or marry a beautiful Filipina woman. Click here for reviews of the top FREE Filipino Dating sites.
In addition to displaying a screen name, many online-dating sites allow you to display a phrase, called a tagline. Some sites, such as Match. com, let you choose a. Welcome to Twenty. com where you will find info for the best online dating sites, social chat, and lists of fun sites. The more choices technology gives us in nearly every domain of our lives (information, events, places to go, friends, dating, jobs) - the more we assume that our. Dec 10, 2017 - Rent from people in Central London, Greater London, United Kingdom from 20night. Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries. Belong. Jun 21, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Boy meets girl. Boy thinks: OMG. This girl is in to me. Girl thinks: I'm not in to him at all but I should definitely invite myself over at 1am. Watch more:. Play Dating Games made just for girls. New Dating Games are added every week. I'm supposedly 7 weeks and 6 days today but there is no sign of a fetus or heartbeat at my us. My dr said it might be a miscarriage but to come back in 2 Nov 11, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Saudi critics daing experts have called the arrests of Bakr Binladin white label dating partner portal the dating websites for ghosts of dream about dating your crush kingdom's pre-eminent contractor and Osama bin Laden's half. Denise Richards, Actress: Starship Troopers. Denise Hook up in limassol was born in Downers Grove, Illinois, the older of two daughters the dark side of dating scholastic Joni Lee, who owned kobe dating coffee shop, and. Everything biblical dating quotes need to know about camilla belle currently dating dreams and what dream about dating your crush mean. Discover the real meaning of dreaming about a boyfriend or lover. Get trusted Online Dating Advice from the experts at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for women on creating an dating website for 20 year olds profile, email etiquette, sating more. The World Hbr online dating Web (WWW) was created in 1990 by the British CERN physicist Tim Dream about dating your crush. On 30 April 1993, CERN dream about dating your crush that the World Wide Web would speed dating kokomo indiana free  What are the best dating sites for introverts to find partners. Send free unlimited sms and free text to philippines mobile number. No need to register you can send instant dream about dating your crush free abut to your love dream about dating your crush anywhere. Cutting-edge dream about dating your crush advice for men cating the SIBG chapter since 2001 Crhsh funny how things cruah really turn out the way you thought they would. Reality is different from our expectations, and most of the time that doesn't really. Sep 15, 2017nbsp;0183;32;On Friday, September 15, Prince Harry turned 33 years old. While His Royal Highness is certainly still young, he's already had a pretty incredible life. He. OOPARTS (out of place artifacts) amp; ANCIENT HIGH TECHNOLOGY--Evidence of Noah's Flood. Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. Many authors choose to present the history of a complex subject by breaking it up into major threads and following the history of each thread separately. OkCupid is the only dating app that knows youre more substance than just a selfie-and its free. Download it today to make meaningful connections with real people. Find great local, shopping and travel deals at 50 to 90 off in Albany, NY. 25162; Off Per Gallon on Your Next Fill-Up at a Participating Shell Station (Up to 20 Gallons). Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service.
Mrs. Gquil is a teacher despised by her colleagues and students. On a stormy night, she is struck by lightning and faints. When she wakes up, she feels different. Will she be able to keep the powerful and dangerous Mrs. Hyde contained?
Vote for your favorite feature from any of the previous years Last Call Events. We will tally the results and build that feature again for 2010. This time only bigger. Remember Last Call is at Loon Mtn March 24th, 2010.
We are working on getting pictures of all this stuff up so you can see what we are talking about. But if you are one of the 4 people that remembered what each feature was... click your favorite one below. One Vote per person, Email required.
I don't remember the "bridge of death" but that sounds like a winner to me. was that the step-up to rail to step-down?
The Bridge of Death was at Ragged the first year it was there. 2 quarterpips on the right side facing into the trail with a long pipe over a gap to slide on. You could gap the 1/4s or hit the bridge
Norton and I have been bouncing some ideas around too for the new 10th annual "super feature"...the sketches are looking pretty sick. Riders are going to need to know it all to get some shit done on this beauty.
6th November 2018 6th November 2018 admin apartments, celebrities, cottages, Golf, holiday homes, holiday homes in St Andrews, holiday rentals, kate and wills, Royalty, scotland, St Andrews, St Andrews holiday rentals, St Andrews Scotland
There are many good reasons to visit St Andrews! From the international golf celebrities to Royal visitors, Sith Masters to
Tuesday, June 22nd we are launching our newest AVEDA product- Control Force. Control Force is our strongest holding hairspray and we are celebrating with a SKY HIGH HAIR DAY. This all-day firm hairspray repels humidity, provides UV protection and has net-zero impact on earths climate. We look forward to introducing you to our newest product. Call any of our three locations today to schedule your next experience.
"So thats what you see!" building understanding with personalized simulations of color vision deficiency
This site does not store any files on its server. We only index and link to content provided by other sites. All models appearing on this website are 18 years or older.
I took my family to Paris, France for the 2016-2017 New Years Eve celebrations. We were essentially just there for the weekend, but it was a fabulous weekend  one that I will never forget. The sites and food were unforgettable. For New Years Eve, I treated my family to an 8 course French Meal and Wine/Champagne Pairing at the Hotel Raphael in Paris very close to the Champs-Elyses. My kids and I were definitely not used to fancy food such as this, but it was a beautiful and tasteful introduction to food as art (as opposed to American style fast food). Heres a video of my dessert (thanks Alison ;):
In Paris, we were delighted to see the Eiffel Tower, The Arc De Triomphe, The Palace of Versailles, and to listen to Vivaldis Four Seasons, and other beautiful musical pieces, performed by a Chamber Orchestra at the glise de la Madeleine Roman Catholic Church. I left Paris with a profound appreciation for the art and beauty that abounds in this wonderful city, from her cuisine to her architecture, to her music and her people. The French seem to have a genetic disposition toward an aesthetic appreciation of life, which I find hard to come by in the United States. The french term, Joi De Vivre, comes to mind when I reflect on our weekend trip to France.
According to Wikipedia: It can be a joy of conversation, joy of eating, joy of anything one might do And joie de vivre may be seen as a joy of everything, a comprehensive joy, a philosophy of life, a Weltanschauung'
I happened to catch a Netflix Documentary this evening called Chefs Table, France, Season I, which was a story about an amazing French Chef, Alain Passard. As I watched the story unfold about how Chef Passard became a Chef, identifying his career path as early as 14 years old, how he found a mentor and soon bought his mentors restaurant, which he named Arpege, I was completely drawn in by Chef Passards sense of life purpose, mastery and pursuit of excellence in his craft. It is not often you find or learn of someone who absolutely loves what they do for a living. I hung on his every word in this documentary and even took notes, hoping to graph some of his sense of aesthetics and Joi de Vivre into my own life and professional career. Here are some of Chef Alain Passards quotes and anecdotes I noted from the Netflix Documentary, Chefs Table, France:
When you close your eyes at night, whats important? Youve spent the day taking risks. Youve made some people very happy.
Chef Passard relates that what you create is just as important as how you create it, which he refers to as Gestures or Hand Gestures. The way you move your hands to create something of value is important and takes hours and years and decades of practice. Chef Passards Grandmother was an amazing cook; his mother sewed and his father was a musician. His Grandfather was a sculptor who worked with wood. He learned the importance of hand gestures early in his life and applied them to his craft. He works bread dough like its fabric. He sews Duck and Chicken together to create a unique dish. With regards to the hand gesture, he says: In cuisine, in music, in sculpture, in painting, its everything. Either we like the gesture, either we like the hand, or we do not. And this hand, if we want it to be more beautiful, we must work seven hours, eight hours, ten hours in the kitchen every day. This makes the hand more precise, and more elegant. He goes on to say that a 14 year old does not have the precision of hand that a 30 year old cook has. He says, I am never happier than when I put my fingers on a new gesture or a new flavor. It feels wonderful.
When Chef Passard started his restaurant, Arpege, he says that the one and two star ratings came fairly easily, but the three star rating was very difficult to attain. Three Stars is the highest rating for a restaurant. Maintaining three stars is apparently extremely difficult to do, but Chef Passards mentality is to pursue higher and higher standards, never stopping or resting upon his current achievements. The search for excellence is never ending, but its something he loves. I was struck how there was no mention of the pursuit of money in this documentary, it was purely the pursuit of passion, excellence, and the art of food. In fact, there came a point in Chef Passards professional career where he was losing his passion for cooking meat, so he decided to take a year of introspection to find his passion again. He reinvented himself and his restaurant as primarily vegetarian while still maintaining their three star rating. He found a new hand. A new outlook.
My only ambition is to love what I do more each day. Just the idea of a job well done. No outside projects, needs, or dreams. If this story exists today, its because I love my job more than anything.
Matt and Kim are an infused indie pop duo from Brooklyn with raw and catchy tunes. Their track Yea Yeah which really allowed them to take off came out over a year ago and they have done it again with the newly released Daylight single [video above]. I first say Matt and Kim in Toronto last summer when they played at Mod Club and quickly realized that they are probably the happiest people I have ever seen. Their whole set both of them had a huge smile across their faces and were authentically loving life being super fun and just playing their music. If you want proof if this claim just watch their new video for Daylight or their Yea Yeah video, happiest people ever!
Matt and Kim have an upcoming tour and perfectly enough they are coming to Ottawa again playing at Mavericks. I am there and so should you! If your hitting it let me know! Pick up your tickets at EndHits YE!
It seems we cant find what youre looking for. Perhaps searching, or one of the links below, can help.
I am appreciating this futuristic designs from London UKs label Kamakino Design mash up which seems to have taken inspiration from 50s/60s contemporary design of the future and the modern off beat oversized trend currently happening.Could the name be influenced by the Joy Devision song Kamakin? I dont know just a thought. With this possibility it makes a bit more sense and its possible to see kinda a post-punk UKish influence in the designs.
This is the Collection from Yves saint Laurent Homme for SS09 just released the advertising short film / promo. It seems more of a contemporary film on interpretive dance rather than the SS09 promo video. Non the less take a look yourself and comment on how unusual/unique/scary it is.
Stefano Pilati considers masculinity in social and psychoanalytic therms through film and its cinematic language.
What reality exists between masculine and feminine ideals? more than a visual treatise on the androgyne, the collection and its presentation suggest that fluid understandings of self and the performance of gender are part of the contemporary human experience.
Ive been a long time lover of Corpus Clothing from way back when they put their first season out so no doubt I was pumped when they finally put their their Spring/Summer 08 online. It took a while but here it is. Corpus S/S08. There were no official looks for women however their women products are available at ShopStyle.com. For men and women Corpus is available at Oak NYC and Revolve Clothing. and how can I forget the mens boutique NOMAD in Toronto.
This is the "Sidebar 2" container. You can place any widget you like in here. In the evo toolbar at the top of this page, select "Customize", then "Blog Widgets".
Hello & welcome to Max News, my View from the Bottom blog. A voice for those who dont have one, sharing my opinion about the arts, culture, politics & social issues that hopefully matters. Its inclusive not exclusive & my views are my own & not those of My Mum or others, unless stolen.
The Archives Select Month February 2018 (1) September 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (2) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (5) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (1) November 2015 (1) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) April 2015 (4) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (6) December 2014 (7) November 2014 (5) October 2014 (7) September 2014 (6) August 2014 (8) July 2014 (14) June 2014 (12) May 2014 (17) April 2014 (28) March 2014 (10) February 2014 (12) January 2014 (16) December 2013 (37) November 2013 (21) October 2013 (35) September 2013 (18) August 2013 (35) July 2013 (23) June 2013 (37) May 2013 (34) April 2013 (46) March 2013 (25) February 2013 (4) January 2013 (16) December 2012 (16) November 2012 (22) October 2012 (13) September 2012 (8) August 2012 (17) July 2012 (8) June 2012 (8) May 2012 (5) April 2012 (5) March 2012 (8) February 2012 (12) January 2012 (18) December 2011 (8) November 2011 (5) October 2011 (1) September 2011 (6) August 2011 (7) July 2011 (11) June 2011 (11) May 2011 (8) April 2011 (21) March 2011 (2) February 2011 (2) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (6) October 2010 (9) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (7) July 2010 (4) June 2010 (2)
 2018 Kevin Maxwell Film, Media & Performance. All Rights Reserved. Magazine Premium created by c.bavota.
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012
From spring of 2003 until my graduation in May 2006, I wrote many articles for several sections of my college newspaper, the Los Angeles Loyolan. Here's one of my Arts & Entertainment articles.
I am in love with Keira Knightley. If she was to ask me to drop out of school and run away with her to a remote island in the South Pacific tomorrow, I likely would.
Moments after walking into the press room for her interview for "Domino," an upcoming film very loosely based on the life of bounty hunter Domino Harvey, she shares an anecdote. Her story is about swordfighting, swashbuckling and performing various dangerous feats during the filming of "Pirates of the Caribbean III" the day before, only to hurt herself that morning while getting out of her car. She is candid and charming, and even slightly loopy from not having slept at all and running on adrenaline and coffee.
At first glance, her persona does not quite fit the character of Domino Harvey, a young girl who is jaded by life and decides to become a bounty hunter for the fun of it. Knightley admits that she realized this as well.
After playing Elizabeth Bennet in the upcoming "Pride and Prejudice," she said, "I was having a really hard time getting my head into the character, and I haven't really had the problem of getting my head into a character before. And one day I was passing a hairdresser's, and I just decided I would cut Elizabeth Bennet out of my hair, and after that I could look at a page and go 'Right, I can see it.'"
In keeping with her strong female character trend a la Guinevere in "King Arthur" and Elizabeth Swann in "Pirates of the Caribbean," Knightley steps into the bad girl role, at first with trepidation.
"Talk about a wake up call--my first couple days of shooting, I did the lap dance scene with the gangsters, and that really helped put me into character."
If that was not enough to entice Knightley to play the role, director Tony Scott offered further incentive--he let her pick her own body double.
"Tony calls me up and says, 'Come into the office, I think you need to see something.' I walk into his office, and there were three naked women standing in his office, and he goes, 'Which one do you want?' So I picked my bum.
"They were three lovely bottoms, really," she continues. "I tried to pick one that could be as close to mine as possible if mine were the perfect bottom."
No buts (or butts) about it, Keira Knightley keeps things in perspective while still bringing every ounce of herself to her character. Still, she encountered her share of problems, particularly with the sheer complexity of the plot of "Domino," which involves a large host of intriguing characters in situations ranging from intense showdowns to satire on reality TV programming.
Not only that, the script, written by Richard Kelly (writer-director of the cult classic "Donnie Darko"), was in a state of constant change.
"On the plane from London before rehearsal," reminisces Knightley, "I was reading and breaking down all the details of the script to get my head around it, and then when I got to L.A., I was handed a brand new script that was completely different. So, there was a kind of feel that you didn't know what was going to happen next, and I think that's the right kind of vibe for the film. I felt a little bit like I was flying by the seat of my pants."
Though Knightley puts on a performance that is severe yet exciting, and even displaying a fiendish side, none of the other actors should be overlooked. Mickey Rourke plays Ed, Domino's mentor and father figure--another character in his niche of grim and gruff roles. Venezuelan actor Edgar Ramirez has an amazing screen presence as Choco, the third in the bounty hunter trio and the man who pines quietly in a stoic, rugged, attractively-foreign way. Some of the best dialogue stems from Choco's use of Spanish, and as it turns out, much of that was improvised anyway. Christopher Walken brings his usual offbeat humor to the project, and Brian Austin Green and Ian Ziering of "Beverly Hills, 90210" fame provide some wonderful comic moments playing caricatures of themselves.
As fun as the characters and the story can be, don't look too hard for character development, because it's just not there. The film spends so much time bouncing around from all of its various characters that it hardly has time to build motivation and meaning for some of the main players. Luckily, Scott is a master of the mindless but fun action film, having directed some classics like "Top Gun" and "Days of Thunder" as well as more modern action flicks like "Spy Game" and "Enemy of the State." "Domino" is no different in that Scott's frantic and borderline schizophrenic energy keeps audiences either entertained, epileptically seized or both. And if one can't be entertained by seizures, then there is more to worry about in life than poor character development.
With all its flaws, "Domino" will not fail to divert, and if nothing else, see it for Keira Knightley so she can make some money and eat something. Just kidding, she's healthy and beautiful and will forever have my heart.
From spring of 2003 until my graduation in May 2006, I wrote many articles for several sections of my college newspaper, the Los Angeles Loyolan. Here's one of my articles from the now-defunct humor section, Tangent.
The Internet has a long history of providing mind-numbing worthlessness with no redeeming value. Primary examples include Hampsterdance, Hot or Not and the Dancing Baby. Blogs are shaping up to prove that little is being done to change such trends. What should be an excellent forum for thought and writing typically amounts to little more than a Harry Carey-style play-by-play account of what happened during the day. It is incorrect to believe that people are interested in the flavor of Starbucks you bought, or even that you went to Starbucks. The only time this might be interesting is if, say, you happened upon Scott Baio at that particular Starbucks, and he was not only drinking the same beverage as yourself, but was also covered head to toe in red war paint.
So don't let your blog fall into the steady drone of boring and overly-detailed personal narration. Don't become one more person to hate in this world-that list is already filled to capacity with people like Hitler and Tony Danza, post-"Who's the Boss?". In other words, don't be "That Guy," especially if you are female.
The following dos and don'ts will help you develop a blog that people might prefer over repeatedly gouging themselves in the eyes with unsharpened No. 2 pencils. (It happens, I've seen it.)
Update. This is a big one. Though reading about summer shenanigans in February can provide a welcome trip down memory lane, if the purpose of the blog is to provide up-to-date information about yourself, it might make sense to, you know, actually do that.
List a song you are currently jamming to. One of the best ways to find new music is to see what your friends are listening to. Provide this information and help spread quality songs-and by quality, we're talking Hanson circa 1996 ("Mmmbop") as opposed to Chumbawumba during the "Tubthumber" fiasco. This is not to be confused with embedding songs on your page that play automatically when you visit. Those are annoying, and sometimes make one feel that life is not worth living any longer.
This may be obvious, but it clearly needs to be said: write interesting stuff. If you don't do this, you should not be blogging. Keep a diary instead so nobody has to know about any aspect of your sad existence.
Tell every excruciating detail about your day. Unless you are famous-which you probably are not if you are reading this-nobody cares. Do not do this.
Checklists of things you have done. This is much like the first "Don't," but in bulleted form. Still not okay. Do not do this.
(And yes, the irony that I'm posting this on a blog is apparent to me. Hopefully I'm following my own advice. If I'm not, someone come fire me. Please.)
Imagine yourself on a Carnival cruise, shipping out from the port of Long Beach for a weekend of hot tubs, spa treatments, and all the surf and turf you can eat. On the way to the on-deck pool, you strike up a conversation about museums in Spain with a somewhat oddly-dressed fellow, and only after the on-board concert three hours later do you realize said fellow is the lead singer of The Flaming Lips.
You've just finished imagining what Mark McLarry wants to make a reality with the concert cruise he is producing, Xingolati-Groove Cruise of the Pacific.
The key phrase here, according to McLarry, is the "blending of worlds." McLarry explained, "When this idea was brought to us, we were trying to find a unique venue that could support what we were trying to do, which is what we like to call 'the blending of world'-live music with theatrics. We were looking at everything from Pac Bell's parking lot where they set up Cirque de Soleil, and we were thinking 'Well, let's set up a circus tent and do a show like that.'"
As soon as someone thought of having the festival on a cruise ship, "that's when the light bulb went off and we said, 'There's the ultimate venue,'" McLarry recalled.
The concert boasts 25 bands and performance groups with an eclectic and diverse range, from The Flaming Lips to G-Love, and several different DJs.
"We probably approached 30 to 35 bands, and we confirmed 25," clarified McLarry. "One of the biggest tasks and one of the things that made this kind of difficult was first finding the right bands and then making it fit into their schedules.
"If there was one hurdle, it was definitely the booking fees," McLarry continued. "Since this is a first year event, it was important that we sell [the performers] on this event and let them know that this is going to be one of the most unique events out there."
There are also various events planned during the cruise, including a wine tasting and a Zaireeka party, in which the lead singer from The Flaming Lips plays four CDs together to make one synchronous sound.
One of the more bizarre/interesting ensembles on the cruise, Mutaytor, call themselves a combination of "the worlds of Blue Man Group and Cirque de Soleil." Matty Nash, the frontman and founder of Mutaytor, expounded on how he formed his group and what he hopes to gain from McLarry's concert cruise, Xingolati.
"We've been characterized as a futuristic vaudeville. We perform at a lot of corporate and civic events and it's a real wild stage show-very fast-moving and very dance-oriented, and we're very excited to work with the Xingolati cruise," he said.
When trying to enlighten people on what exactly goes into Mutaytor performances, Nash elucidated, "It's a modular show with a cast between 10 and 25 players that incorporates musical and visual elements such as spider dancing, aerial stunts, tribal dancing, martial arts and interactive video projections. It works well in smaller, more intimate venues as well as stadium size, and we create custom content for each performance."
Nash believes strongly in Xingolati and feels that Mutaytor's brand of performance will fit well with the eclectic and groundbreaking aspect of such a unique show. "The goal of Xingolati is to create an experience of music that has never been attempted, creating a new demographic for the cruise industry," Nash articulated. "The perception is that cruise ships and festivals are for the 40-plus age range-senior citizens doing shuffleboard and cocktail jazz. We're trying to dispel that myth by creating a really vibrant music festival on the water that caters to music fans and to a younger audience.
"Another goal for Mutaytor is collaboration and improvisation," Nash continued. "We do a lot of that anyway and the potential to collaborate with a lot of the other artists on board during concerts is going to be big. I'm really excited about the potential of rocking with some of the other groups aboard."
If there's one point that everyone seemed to agree on, it's that Xingolati is something brand new and never experienced before, yet something that will blow everyone away to such a degree that it will become a staple for years to come.
"This is going to be setting a precedent for a new kind of concert experience," said Nash excitedly. He pressed on enthusiastically, "This is really the first concert of its kind, so we're absolutely a beta tester to see if this will work. But if it's a success, I hope we can help bring this form of entertainment into the future."
McLarry concurred, "What makes this event really unique is the intimacy of it. A lot of these bands can only be seen at huge festivals with thousands of people, whereas in this case the biggest crowd of people you'll see is 2,000 people. Also, you can interact with the bands, since they're all out on that ship with you.
"We're taking all these different pieces, these different components," McLarry said, "so that people can experience a little bit of it all. To us, this will create the ultimate atmosphere, the blending of worlds."
Toaster, you're unlike any appliance I've ever known. When I wake up in the afternoon, you know just the way I like my toast. Sure, we've had our difficulties, like that time I accidentally turned you up to "10" and you ruined my breakfast-miscommunication on my part, I suppose. In the end, though, I think our working toward a common goal has helped us grow together in ways I never could have imagined before I knew you.
There are so many great memories with you, it's hard to think of just one. Why, I remember the last time we made waffles together like it was yesterday, when we both know it was the day before that. I remember we didn't get to spend as much time together as usual, since I got that phone call and had to leave those Eggos in your capable hands, but when I came back five minutes later and saw you had toasted them to that perfect shade of golden brown-soft and chewy enough to practically melt in my mouth, yet with a slight crunch to give them personality-I knew right at that moment that I had found someone I could trust forever. It was so cute how you had the crumbs on you and I wiped them off with my napkin. Ahhh, la amore.
Heck, you can even make Pop Tarts taste good, and I didn't think that was possible! Some have said that the toaster oven is better, combining the best qualities of the oven and the toaster, but we both know that is flat-out incorrect. The toaster oven could never compare to you, Toaster, because we all know the toaster oven is just a poser, not being able to "oven-ate" as well as a normal oven, yet at the same time not possessing the ability to toast at a quality expected of such a proud and honorable appliance as you, Toaster.
Even its name is unoriginal! It poses as two different appliances bundled into one package when it is intrinsically incapable of performing either duty to the extent one might wish.
So, Toaster, I salute you this week for not compromising your integrity and I laud you for your sticktoitiveness. The world would be a lonely place without you-a lonely place with soggy, microwaved waffles and stale Pop Tarts. And that's not a world in which I want to live.
I used to be a big fan of Slide Show Pro / Director for managing images on a private site (outside of using flickr or things of that nature). It seems that the developers have completely abandoned that project, especially based on the lack of communication on their forums (in other words, DO NOT BUY).
So now, Im trying out their other project, Koken (koken.me), and it seems to be pretty cool, especially with the ease of targeting publishing directly from Lightroom. Provides all the ease of uploading, theming, responsiveness, and device support in a non Flash way (thank the heavens!).
Time to switch some of my clients over to this, and learn their theming framework. I think Ill create a custom theme for my photos site with some Bootstrap and Angular fun, but for now just this.
Its been a really long time since I posted anything worthwhile, so Ill start off again with a thought I had over the weekend:
[quote]Your career shouldnt be defined JUST by what sexy marquee company you work for. It should be defined by what you DO with your intellect and aptitude when put in the right environment. Be known for your results not your badge, that badge isnt always guaranteed to open the right doors.[/quote]
I think I love this from an HCI standpoint, Id wait over night in line for many days before hand, lol.
While having dinner with some friends, one mentioned how he has blocked distracting sites like social networks, entertainment, etc. on his systems while he works. I thought lightly of it, until I sat down and realized how much time I spent perusing these sites when I should be getting work done.
As a test, what I started doing was using multiple desktops for specific tasks, and only using certain browsers for stuff (like Firefox for development and Chrome for browsing). I close all misc apps like twitter, rss readers, or chat, so I wont be tempted to check out whats going on on Engadget. Using my mac and full screen apps also helps greatly, as I have my code editor fullscreen and browser full screen so I can only focus on code, test, code, test, etc. Doing all the above, I definitely noticed a big difference in focus and throughput.
I think it may be time to try out one of these pomodoro technique apps that I have installed, to play around with break up tasks and fun breaks to see if it helps mentally. I currently have Concentrate and Vitamin-R installed, which from initial glance appear to have different viewpoints on how to lock down your workflow. Ill report back in a few weeks to see how playing with each goes, as Im sure theres something I should be doing now instead of blogging.
This year we celebrated our 5year wedding anniversary! Its hard to believe that much time has elapsed since we embarked on our marital journey, but we decided it was a milestone worth celebrating. We had the opportunity to fly to Seattle to photograph the wedding of our friends, Bjorn and Lia, close to our anniversary []
February may be the shortest month, but its also filled with fun celebrations, fascinating history, and notable events. Here is our collection of lessons and content to help you engage your students all month long:
February Calendar and Activities: Fill your students hearts and minds during the month of February with our Valentine-themed calendar and morning meeting lessons. Use this daily calendar to engage your students with meeting, graphing, and math activities, and track attendance with the included chart.
Valentine's Day Gallery Pack: Feel the love this month with our Valentines Pack, featuring themed activities, templates, and clipart. With this lesson pack, students can practice multiplication facts, solve word problems, and even put hearts in alphabetical order.
Presidents Day Pack: With our Presidents Pack, you have the option to use one of our lessons, build from one of the templates, or take advantage of the gallery of images and labels to create your own. The presidential possibilities are endless!
Happy Birthday Abe Lincoln: Ideal for students in grades 14, this lesson honors President Abraham Lincoln. Engage your students with interactive pages that feature true/false, cause/effect, and a fun flash review.
Celebrate Black History: Learn about the inspiring lives and rich contributions of great African Americans throughout history. These interactive lessons examine extraordinary individuals such as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., President Barack Obama, and Sojourner Truth.
If you enjoyed the above content, consider joining our MimioConnect interactive teaching community to access more of our valuable lesson content and resources. Click here to register today!
Creating your own lessons using MimioStudioor adding your own spin to lessons that have already been createdcan be simplified when using the right tools. Just like any home improvement project, the right tool makes all the difference in how you accomplish a task. There are many great tools available in MimioStudio, and we want to make sure you're using them to their full potential to help you craft your next classroom masterpiece.
This handy tool allows you to select multiple items in a lesson in order to connect them together. You can group just about anything you would have in a lesson, from graphic objects and text to multimedia and animations. By grouping objects, you can make things much easier as you move design elements on a lesson page or create great interactive elements for students to manipulate.
To group objects once you have chosen multiple items, select Format from the top menu in MimioStudio > Grouping > Group. You can also right-click once the items are selected and choose Grouping > Group. If you find you need to split items in a lesson that have already been grouped, you can ungroup them in the same fashion by selecting Format > Grouping > Ungroup (or right-click and choose Grouping > Ungroup).
As items are added to a lesson page in MimioStudio, they are layered one on top of the other. There may be cases where you want an object to go behind another objectyou can use this little design trick to hide objects that students can uncover. Another neat tip is to create objects that students can manipulate. If what they choose is correct, it might remain on top of another object. If incorrect, it would go behind another object when they move it.
Using object ordering is a great way to plan a lesson with interactivity and feedback built in. To use the Object Ordering tool, select an object that you want to change the relative layering of on a page, such as a box you want to go behind some existing text:
To move existing text in front of a box, select the text and choose Format > Order > Front. You can then move the text over the box and group them together as one item (if that was the intent of the lesson element). You also have the ability to use the right-click method once an object is selected, then choose Order, followed by your choice. The Object Ordering tool is a powerful feature allowing you to create some dynamic elements in a lesson, as well as using it for basic lesson design.
One critical component to creating or modifying a lesson is to make sure it achieves your learning objectives while you or your students are using it. One of the biggest failures seen in some lesson design is when objects on the page move out of place while being manipulatedespecially when they arent supposed to move. Object Locking is a critical step to consider before deploying an interactive lesson for students to use.
While there are times you have manipulative elements built into a lesson that are intended to be moved, there are often other supporting elements on a lesson page that shouldnt be moved. To fix items on a lesson page so they cant be movedwhich could derail even the best lessonget in the practice of locking them on the page.
Select the objects that you want to lock on the page. You can select multiple objects at a time by dragging your cursor around each to select them, or holding down the Control key on your keyboard as you use your mouse to select multiple objects.
If you need to make adjustments on a page and you cant select them, youll need to unlock them first. From the top menu, choose Format > Locking > Unlock All (or right-click Locking > Unlock All). All items on the page will now be unlocked and free to move, delete, or change in any way.
This is just the beginning of the incredible set of tools available in your lesson creation and instruction arsenal. You can learn more in our upcoming MimioStudio Quick Learn sessions this month:
I was talking to a potential client today that saw the challenge we offered on the website, and asked that we take a look at his mobile problem to see if we could offer up a solution. Heres a summary of how we solved the problem:
Paper Process: Recording Cash Pickups from Various Locations along a route. Must record the amount of Cash Collected, and Location Information.
Business Problem: Verification that the cash picked up (typically $10,000  $15,000 / day) makes its way back to the office and into the bank without any being borrowed, ideally with real time status updates.
Associate barcodes with the physical pickup location. Attach the barcodes to the machines used for collecting the cash
An Instant Notification is then sent back to the office to notify management that the cash had been collected
In the office the Manager can watch the Mobile Workers on a map via real time GPS data. Workers can also be tracked against the static asset locations loaded onto the map
Upon presenting this to the customer 1.5 hours after receiving the paper form, needless to say he was very impressed. If you are interested in learning more about our 100% Code Free development Environment, dont hesitate to contact us today!
I am in full gripe mode this morning, so I thought I'd throw all my minor gripe about the Sixth Report & Order into one post. I've already posted my major gripes.
Again, I just want to make clear that as a whole, the 6th R&O improves the program. But the positive changes were all touted in the FCC press release, so I'll stick to the dark side.
As long as schools are in compliance with CIPA requirements, we leave specific policymaking decisions up to individual schools to address. (footnote 76)
So now that schools are offering Internet access to adult community members, do they now have to comply with the heinous CIPA rules that the Supreme Court came up with for libraries? That would mean turning off filtering for individuals who request unfiltered access.
we plan to include a box on the FCC Form 471 when we next revise this form for applicants to check if they are taking advantage of this rule change. (paragraph 25)
an eligible school or library may assess computer fees to help defray the cost of computers" (paragraph 26)
Does a converse to the Free Services Advisory apply? Can my school charge $5/hour for computer use, and throw in Internet access for free, or will I have to do some cost allocation? Look for the blossoming of PTO-sponsored cybercaf fundraisers.
Well, at least it's in the right direction. At this rate, 40% schools will get some P2 funding around, say, Stardate 2542.7.
First off, kudos for using the word "ubiquitously." You just don't see that word often enough. But $10 million dollars to a handful of applicants who have already deployed off-campus wireless Internet access? Is there really a pool of schools and libraries that are spending $1 million/year or so on off-campus access? And who gets stuck evaluating the proposals?
we direct USAC to make available on its website and update on an ongoing basis a list of donation and recycling locations for communications equipment. (paragraph 75)
This is not how USAC should be spending USF funds. Remember the Eligible Services Database? I foresee cobwebs on this database.
Involved with the E-Rate program since 1997, On-Tech's president, Dan Riordan, has continuously assisted schools and libraries in obtaining E-Rate funding, first as a trainer, then as a district employee, and now as an E-Rate consultant.
Paradizo is your go-to travel agency for luxury vacation rentals and unique travel experiences. Our team of specialists will help you book your dream holidays. Contact us to plan your Villa Rental Holidays
Alejandro Cartagena, Mexican (b. 1977, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic), lives and works in Monterrey, Mexico. His projects employ landscape and portraiture as a means to examine social, urban and environmental issues. Cartagenas work has been exhibited internationally in more than 50 group and individual exhibitions in spaces including the the Fondation Cartier pour l'art contemporain in Paris and the CCCB in Barcelona, and his work is in the collections of several museums, including the San Francisco MOMA, the Museum of Contemporary Photography in Chicago, the Portland Museum of Art, The West Collection, the Coppel collection, the FEMSA collection, Museum of Fine Arts in Houston, the George Eastman House and the Santa Barbara Museum of Art and among others.
Alejandro is a self-publisher and co-editor and has created several award winning titles, including Santa Barbara Shame on US, A Guide to Infrastructure and Corruption, Rivers of Power, Santa Barbara Return Jobs to US, Headshots, Before the War, Carpoolers, and Suburbia Mexicana. Some of his books are in the Yale University Library, the Tate Britain, the 1010 Photobooks book collections among others.
Cartagena has received several awards including the international Photolucida Critical Mass Book Award, the Street Photography Award in London Photo Festival, the Lente Latino Award in Chile, the Premio IILA-FotoGrafia Award in Rome and the Salon de la Fotografia of Fototeca de Nuevo Leon in Mexico among others. He has been named an International Discoveries of the FotoFest festival, a FOAM magazine TALENT and an Emerging photographer of PDN magazine. He has also been a finalist for the Aperture Portfolio Award and has been nominated for the Santa Fe Photography Prize, the Prix Pictet Prize, the Photoespaa Descubrimientos Award and the FOAM Paul Huff Award. His work has been published internationally in magazines and newspapers such as Newsweek, Nowness, Domus, the Financial Times, the New York Times, Le Monde, Stern, PDN, The New Yorker, and Wallpaper among others. He is represented by Patricia Conde Gallery.
In Zona, Fbio creates two separate layers of meaning that collide in a beautiful book poem. On one part the visual repetitions and similarities make the flow of the book feel almost romantic in a way. On the other layer, there is the sense of the aftermath of a crisis that bent a country and a continent. We are assured that things are not simple and that there are still remnants of what our politicians deem as the best possible course for a nation. Hardship is turned into a visual and physical motive that, with little information, suggests a bigger picture of the painful economic reality of many Europeans.
Bleu has me coming back to it over and over again. It is not about what I can understand of it but what it makes me feel, and that is just a mix of things; fragility, disgust, curiosity, sexiness, strangeness, anxiety and many more things. I think its this viscerality and entanglement of sensations that never lets you go. You want to come back to try and find peace. But there is no peace in this book. It feels like we are no more than just pieces of flesh, dehumanized and twisted. A gross book that makes you feel alive.
My main attraction to this book comes from the passing of time and how photographs depict such a thing. Mexico is not same Mexico from 1986. Weve lived through wars, corruption, "change," and looped back to a barbaric time when the human beings have been pushed to their limits. The recent present seems less romantic and grimmer from the first images of the book. Bodies twist and coil and blood runs free to create a stark reality of a country that is continuously in pain. A cockfight on the cover is a great way to summarize the book; there will be a winner and there will be a loser, life and death, celebration and sadness. A series of personal trips and moments through time that creates a vision that ultimately reflects our Mexican reality.
Blog Archive November (4) October (11) September (16) August (13) July (10) June (11) May (10) April (7) March (8) February (9) January (11) December (36) November (13) October (15) September (12) August (13) July (12) June (14) May (13) April (13) March (15) February (14) January (13) December (38) November (17) October (16) September (13) August (16) July (16) June (18) May (20) April (21) March (22) February (20) January (20) December (48) November (24) October (24) September (21) August (18) July (21) June (20) May (23) April (22) March (23) February (24) January (27) December (54) November (24) October (24) September (20) August (20) July (23) June (21) May (23) April (27) March (26) February (22) January (49) December (29) November (24) October (27) September (25) August (24) July (28) June (25) May (28) April (25) March (25) February (22) January (22) December (31) November (28) October (23) September (18) August (23) July (22) June (21) May (24) April (21) March (24) February (23) January (23) December (24) November (21) October (22) September (18) August (21) July (22) June (22) May (21) April (18) March (21) February (20) January (24) December (20) November (30) October (25) September (22) August (26) July (15) June (8) May (7)
Even the biggest haters of QA automation cannot fail to acknowledge that a reasonable and consistent approach to automated testing can bring great benefits to a software testing company.
The following are brief recommendations on how to plan and execute test automation in a best possible way and perform effective mobile testing or website testing.
Make sure that project managers approve the automation initiative. Given that test automation consumes a lot of time and finances, the involvement of business people is essential.
Prepare a sketch plan describing the features that are to be automated, approach to their automation, and approximate time for each task.
Analyze the system and determine the areas to be automated in the first place. Project managers can significantly help with that.
Determine the features that are rarely modified. Those are good candidates for practicing the automated test scripts creation.
Control both manual and automated test efforts. This will help to demonstrate the benefits of QA automation to project managers and business analysts.
Try to write as simple test scripts as possible. The simpler they are, the easier it is to reuse them in future.
Make project managers aware that test automation is not a fix-all strategy. It doesnt eliminate all quality issues, but at the competent approach it can be very beneficial.
These recommendations will help not to fail system testing, load testing, performance testing, etc., and make the best of them.
Generating new traffic, providing new services to be sold and increasing the profit, the cloud grows fast and requires new business models and coordinated work of several players. In order
Not Covered in Warranty Defects due to External Causes, Accidental, Physical Damage, Cut, Burnt, Misuse and Missing Warranty Stickers or Labels
Do not buy only based on part numbers. Parts numbers can be similar with different adapter model series.
Payment will be refunded if the product is out of stock. All order placed before cut off time will be dispatched on the same day.
Physically damaged items will not be replaced or refunded. Make sure your delivery address is complete with pin code & contact number
Browse through the wide range of laptop adapters that Adamscart.com has to offer. These chargers are durable and safe for your laptops. The laptop adapter prices are very nominal and thus would easily fit into everyones budget. Look for the perfect AC adapter for your laptop and order it from Adamscart.com. Their cash on delivery option and free home delivery are an added advantage when it comes to shopping for laptop chargers online.
Adamscart.com  Your hassle free online shopping site, offering best deals and discounts on countless number of items, along with cash on delivery and fast shipping.
Riviera Nayarit is leader in Mexico on clean beaches certification. Three at Nuevo Vallarta, one more at Bucerias and Los Muertos at Sayulita are on the top list.
2018 has been another fantastic year so far for ScS. With 101 stores now open nationwide we are constantly growing as a business, and so is our workforce. As a result of this, we are holding a one-off recruitment day in our Basildon store in Pipps Hill Retail Park, on Friday the 28th September. Were []
Our nationwide search for the UKs proudest parents has come to its conclusion. We asked you, the nations parents, to share with us the moments that filled you with the most pride, and you inundated us with entries! We are delighted to announce our lucky winner as Amber Goddard, of Plymouth. Up against truly heart-warming competition []
We are extremely proud to announce that we have been named Best Flooring Retailer 2018 by leading industry magazine, Interiors Monthly. The award, which recognises excellence within the furniture and interiors sector, saw us beat off some opposition within an extremely competitive sector, and highlights the continued hard work of our flooring teams nationwide. On the []
With over five hours of soaps on our TVs every week, its no surprise that were a nation of drama lovers and the incredible characters who capture our imagination.
Weve all been asked the question which celeb wed love to have for a dinner party?  but lets add a twist: which celebrity would you love to watch your favourite TV shows with?
Like a good cup of tea and the best fish and chips, the traditional Sunday roast is something that us Brits are well known for. But is that about to change? Weve done the research Our latest research shows that whilst we might still consider a Sunday roast as the traditional way to round off our []
When it comes to game shows, us Brits love them more than most. But, what is your favourite game show? What is the best game show on TV? Following an office debate, we carried out research to find the nations favourite game show, surveying 1000 people nationwide. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Bradley Walshs teatime favourite topped out []
New research has revealed that the UK is a nation of domestic gods and goddesses, with 38% of homeowners claiming to be very house-proud. We polled the nation to find out just how house-proud we are as a country, and revealed that two thirds of Brits believe their home is very clean, with more than []
As we enter the spring season, your New Years resolutions may seem like a distant memory. But the rise of a new season is a great time to find new energy to dust out the cobwebs, breathe fresh air into your home and spring clean your life! Whether its sorting out your cupboards and clutter, []
StartPoint comes with amazing business features. It is perfect for a business website with required features.
Anyone who knows me is aware of the fact that I really don't like to walk and eat. Ice cream, maybe...you know, some food is made for strolling and I've indulged in a pretzel on the go here and there. For the most part, I need to sit for a few minutes and digest - I have the most sensitive digestive system. If I'm dining out alone - which I am not afraid of doing, I'm not completely socially phobic, I like to have a book to read.
Passing by this place on St. Mark's Place, I couldn't help but find it intriguing. "Bamn!" sounds like a euphemism, or something heard on a food channel, but it works well for what it provides. It's an automat, all kinds of fast food, including some Asian entrees. It looks bright and cheery. I haven't actually tried anything from Bamn! yet, but maybe when the weather is outdoor friendly I'll pick something up to snack on in a nearby park.
You are so fortuante to have so many places to go to walking or on the train. So unlike us. 8 miles by car to the nearest grocery store. And make sure you have gas in your car. yuk. Checked out train fares to NYC. Not cheap. Anyway have a good time at all the new places you get to check out. Aunt Sandy
there use to be this place called ??? back in the late sixties...it was one of those kind of places...howard johnsons use to have one too....boy your getting me to really transport time
I always wanted to get a pic of that place. Yeah, seems futuristic and cool. A must try...maybe in the summer time when you can snag a bench.
Did you ever dream that you were a dog agility super champ except then it switched and you were at some germy, grungy, derelict seaside park in the dark and the carnies were actually drug addled zombies that were shambling after you with hammers and their big teeth? And then as you're trying to escape your way out from under their oily, horrible claws by clambering up a rat infested palm tree, you're all, this is about dog agility like, how?
We finally had some rain. I don't mind it too much when it rains, the beaches and forests are nearly deserted, which is just how we like them. I get wet at work anyways. What's the difference if I get wet before I get there?
You just have to keep moving. If you sit around, you get soggy and unpleasant. Just keep moving and you don't notice so much the wet. It was cruel of me to stay them. We got moving again just after this. Still able to get across the creek, we haven't had that much rain yet. I miss visiting the other side of the creek once it's winter.
I timed it just so, so that when we got back to the car, the sun showed up. I didn't really care though. Back inside the forest, where we walked with the rain, all we could hear were our footprints and the quiet sound the rain drops make hitting the redwoods.
Many people around Santa Cruz know Laura as the lady with all those little black dogs. Many people know her as a horse trainer. Many people know her as the artist with the small brushes. Many people know her as that hoity graphic designer. None of them would be wrong. All the dogs of Team Small Dog, righteously awesome. Laura Hartwick is usually a nice person. Except when she isn't. Be nice, don't bite, and run faster.
Old, rotten stuff. November 2018 (3) October 2018 (1) September 2018 (4) August 2018 (3) July 2018 (2) June 2018 (5) May 2018 (14) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (5) January 2018 (3) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (4) September 2017 (2) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (5) April 2017 (6) March 2017 (10) February 2017 (3) January 2017 (20) December 2016 (5) November 2016 (13) October 2016 (6) September 2016 (12) August 2016 (12) July 2016 (10) June 2016 (11) May 2016 (11) April 2016 (13) March 2016 (14) February 2016 (9) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (10) November 2015 (13) October 2015 (10) September 2015 (12) August 2015 (14) July 2015 (8) June 2015 (7) May 2015 (19) April 2015 (10) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (7) December 2014 (9) November 2014 (6) October 2014 (14) September 2014 (11) August 2014 (8) July 2014 (8) June 2014 (15) May 2014 (17) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (7) February 2014 (6) January 2014 (11) December 2013 (7) November 2013 (10) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (10) August 2013 (9) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (9) May 2013 (10) April 2013 (14) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (8) January 2013 (14) December 2012 (6) November 2012 (17) October 2012 (14) September 2012 (12) August 2012 (13) July 2012 (16) June 2012 (14) May 2012 (17) April 2012 (15) March 2012 (18) February 2012 (15) January 2012 (19) December 2011 (16) November 2011 (19) October 2011 (16) September 2011 (18) August 2011 (16) July 2011 (14) June 2011 (20) May 2011 (20) April 2011 (17) March 2011 (18) February 2011 (19) January 2011 (19) December 2010 (20) November 2010 (19) October 2010 (26) September 2010 (24) August 2010 (22) July 2010 (22) June 2010 (21) May 2010 (19) April 2010 (24) March 2010 (24) February 2010 (24) January 2010 (24) December 2009 (24) November 2009 (24) October 2009 (24) September 2009 (21) August 2009 (24) July 2009 (24) June 2009 (23) May 2009 (21) April 2009 (28) March 2009 (24) February 2009 (24) January 2009 (27) December 2008 (25) November 2008 (28) October 2008 (30) September 2008 (26) August 2008 (28) July 2008 (31) June 2008 (29) May 2008 (30) April 2008 (27) March 2008 (30) February 2008 (27) January 2008 (31) December 2007 (29) November 2007 (26) October 2007 (27) September 2007 (22) August 2007 (22) July 2007 (26) June 2007 (27) May 2007 (22) April 2007 (21) March 2007 (4) December 2006 (4) October 2006 (3) September 2006 (5) August 2006 (16) July 2006 (14)
As a foster child from Niagara Falls, N.Y., Oaklin Mixon found himself a long way from home. Years later, 
d[COM]munity to digitally link all community organizations in Detroit with interactive map, increase collaboration
If you've ever wondered what it's like to run a magazine or how crazy my personal life is, be sure to read the behind-the-scenes peek at the daily trials and tribulations of running True West. Culled straight from my Franklin Daytimer, it contains actual journal entries, laid out raw and uncensored. Some of it is enlightening. Much of it is embarrassing, but all of it is painfully true. Are you a True West Maniac? Get True West for LIFE...Click here!
Always a day of reflection as the efforts of the old year recede into oblivion and the hopes of a new year loom. Yesterday I went through my daytimer and made two categories: things I failed miserably at and things I accomplished successfully. The first list is long and I won't bore you. The second list is personal and I won't bore you although I will say I am very proud and thankful that we are holding our own in this economy. The idea, or concept, is to take the items on the first list and let them go, and then focus on the second list and be thankful for what you have, or in this case, what I have. The fact that I'm even here is high on the list. Ha.
"Why not seize the pleasure at once? How often is happiness destroyed by preparation, foolish preparation!"
Overcast and cool out, but not cold. A skeleton crew in the office, just me, Carole, Sheri, Abby, Ron, Lynda and Joe.
Worked this morning on a couple landscapes, starting with this one of a pale storm over Elephant Butte:
Need to put in the foreground. Going to be riders coming towards us and the tentative title is "Navajo Raiders Return."
I have a doctor coming in at 11:30 to look at paintings and while looking through my stack of studies in my home studio I found this little gem:
This was done last December when I was working on my El Kid graphic cinema piece for the magazine. I think I went with another, more complicated version, but I sure like this one. Nice mood, love the rider with the long tapaderos.
Got an email from Jeff Hildebrandt yesterday wondering if I had seen the new issue of American Cowboy. I told him I hadn't seen it yet, but why did he ask? Jeff was coy and he said that I would be somewhat surprised by what was on their cover. He was right (got our copy this morning at the office and Carole brought it in with a big smile):
Back from the Grand Canyon. It was Kathy's gift to me, and our family spent two days at the South Rim in Yavapai Lodge. Lots of snow and ice and a blustery northern Arizona patented wind that went right through every layer of clothing we had on, but, amazingly, it was invigorating. We drove out to several lookout points west of El Tovar, for sunrise yesterday morning (7:38) and watched a dull red skyline mush out.
Prior to leaving for the canyon, I got some intestinal bug and we delayed leaving on Saturday for several hours. Finally took off at about 10:30 and made it to Mund's Park (just barely) where I jumped the line in the Texaco Mini-Mart and raked the pipes with X-mas Cheer. When I came out, Kathy said I looked green and the attendant said to me as I put a jug of Gator-Aid on the counter: "I want to shake your hand. I take the magazine and you are the only reason I subscribe to the Arizona Republic." Of course, I was flattered, and I did shake his hand, but I couldn't help but imagine him hugging his home toilet that evening while muttering to his wife, "That damn contagious green Bastard gave me the Grumbling Garfullitess." (as my father creatively called it)
Believe it or not, it actually got worse when we got to Flag and I'll spare you the details of my attempt to eat soup at a deli and the subsequent egress of said liquid from the vicinity of my upper body. However, the rest of the trip was a dream come true. Lots of laughs, long walks and life solving. My kind of trip. Thanks Kath!
Backing up a bit, had a nice day working in the studio for part of Christmas Day. Finished this closeup of Al Sieber, talking to Mickey Free ("Follow the Bi-jahn, Mick."):
I love his left eyeball. Not sure how I got that subtle of an effect, but there it is. Also worked on a POV of Beauty:
A little too harsh of a look for Beauty, but I like the angle. Meanwhile, I'm still producing patina paintings galore (did 50 on Christmas Eve!):
Yesterday I scanned a movie still that had the Animas Mountains in the background and had Robert Ray dropsend it to our art director, Dan the Man as a tiff, so he could monkey around with it for our proposed train cover. Here is what the talented Mr. Harshberger came up with:
Pretty sweet. Love the movie poster lettering on the names. And, no Will Shetterly, Dan the Man put the smoke and the train going between Marilyn's legs without any suggestion, or coercing from me. Call it Kingman humor, or flat out perversity, I think it's a keeper. ha.
She assures me this pistol-knife set is accurate and "authentic" to the tiniest detail. Notice the bullet hooks made of pure gold. Notice the image of Billy on the handle that's obviously lifted from the Noah Rose abomination which I worked for years to replace (with better images of the Kid), but no, they used the Rose version of the Kid which gave rise to the notion that Billy was a deranged goofus. I'd ask where she got it but that would be looking a gifted editor in the mouth.
Meanwhile, went home for lunch and grabbed an unfinished cloud painting out of my reject pile. Last summer when I drove to Lincoln, New Mexico I witnessed a series of storms east of San Antonio and the Trinity Site. One storm, sweeping over White Oaks, haunted me, and so, today I tried to capture that raking pattern I remembered as I drove through the Malpais towards Carizozo:
Meanwhile, in my dust studies I read about a cavalry trooper who wrote about being caught out in an Arizona dust storm on patrol. He described it as being bombarded by an open pepper box:
Well, my quest to make it to 10,000 steps a day is going rather weakly. Logged in at 3,100 steps yesterday, 3,300 the day before. Today is much better at 4,676 steps (at 3:12 P.M.), but I'm still not even half-way there. Now, to contrast this, I read in the new issue of Time that General Stanley One-Meal-A-Day McChrystal, our commander in Afghanistan, when he was a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations from 1999 to 2000, rather than take public transportation he ran from Brooklyn to the Upper East Side of Manhattan, which is a 12-mile run, one way. If 9,000 steps is five miles, well, that is one fit Bastard. Gee, I wonder what the Old Vaqueros have to say about this:
Really chilly out this morning. Our porch thermometer says 45 degrees. I realize this is a heatwave to Julie in Wyoming and Bill in Canada, but Man, it's downright debilitating for a desert rat. Ha.
Had an interesting report from Carole yesterday. A woman named Rebecca Markey from West Lawn, Pennsylvania called saying she saw me on the Westerns Channel doing a True West Moment and in it I mentioned that you could read more about something in True West magazine. I'm not exactly sure which segment this was, but Rebecca had never heard of us and started looking. She doesn't have a computer, but she somehow tracked us down, called and ordered a subscription. Oh, the power of TV.
It was last year about this time that I was obsessed with snow painting and did a series for my El Kid graphic cinema piece:
For Christmas, Meghan Saar gave me a Billy the Kid pistol-knife combo and Carole Glenn gave me The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer, a retelling by Peter Ackroyd, and, she got me the 2-disc Special Editon of Inglorious Basterds, the film by Quentin Tarantino. We saw ads for the Spanish version in Argentina last September:
Leaving the office early to go get Kathy some soup for lunch (she's off today wrapping presents and getting ready for tomorrow night).
Charlie Waters' birthday today. Called him at 7:15 A.M. and woke up Linda, his wife. Charlie was asleep as well. Turns out it was 6:15 in Vegas. Ouch! I told him this was de ja Vegas: in 1962 me and Rick Ridenour were in Vegas with my parents and we stayed up late (we twisted on the stage with Chubby Checker at the Sands earlier, then took a cab and tried to find call girlswe were 15 but we did have ties onand the cabbie just laughed at us and dropped us off at Ripley's Carnival where we drove bumper cars) and, later, back at the Hacienda Hotel (my dad got a free room for handing out brochures in his gas station) we decided to call Charlie from our room (my parents were at a show). Mr. Waters (Charlie's dad) answered and when we asked for Charlie he said, "God-d--it, do you know what time it is?" We admitted we didn't know. It was two in the morning. How did we know? There are no clocks in Vegas. So, anyway, that was in 1962, and here I was calling Charles Richard Waters in Vegas to wish him a happy birthday. How old is he? He's 62. See, it's de ja Vegas all over again.
Got some rain this afternoon. Chopped some wood and started a fire in the studio stove and settled in to do some dust storm studies:
Yes, that's the Mickster riding towards us in a thick dust cover. Very subtle effects and quite hard to do. Still working on it. Here's a master shot, called "Dusty Dawn":
Nice color selection. I especially like the rippling heatwave just under the distant escarpment. Almost a dry lake effect. Sweet. Meanwhile, for something completely different, here's a cave scene with the title "She Beckoned From The Opening":
I wish I could say this is the image I had in my head when I started but it's not. Like the cave paintings, or the hint of them, but the maiden? Well, let's just say she's not quite as fetching as the one in my head. Gee, I wonder what ol' Jenny Holzer has to say about this:
Several have asked me how the birthday dinner went and I have to say, those chicken fried buffalo steaks are just the best (check out buffaloguys.com). So much leaner than beef, with all the taste. Bud and Carole Glenn joined us and Carole took this photo of us after dinner:
Yes, that homely little tree I bought at the Christmas Tree Lot at School House Road in downtown Cave Creek. Paid $50 for the runt. It was in the back, nobody wanted it. I knew it was just right for our house. We love it.
Dan the Man and I continue to jam on the train cover. One of our problems is that damn ISBN box which we have to cram into the design, in this case in the lower, left-hand corner. The painting of the horseback riders I did compromised that space and it became a problem.
I especially like the design of the torn element slashing down the left side. This gave me the inspiration to create a similiar butte with a train robber, or two coming down off the bluff, and then hugging the side of the bluff is a film crew, filming the train, like this:
By the way, it has always amused me that we have this image of horseback riders attacking a train. You can do that to a stagecoach, but it doesn't really work on a train. In fact train robbers either blocked the train with boulders, or branches forcing it to stop, or they pulled out the rails, like the James Gang did at Adair, Iowa (killing the engineer in the subsequent wreck, by the way), or they commandeered the engine by sending a bandit over the coal tender (who usually boarded the train at the previous stop) and into the locomotive to accost the engineer. Then, the robber in the locomotive ordered the engineer to pull the train forward to a prearranged spot where the gang was waiting. In spite of this, in movies like Shanghai Noon, the bandits meet on the top of a hill and then ride down toward the train firing their guns. Never happened. Very silly, but we accept it visually for some reason.
Counting every step I take: it's 27 steps to the chicken coop from the house. It's 70 steps to the end of the driveway to get the newspaper. It's 12 steps from the kitchen to the bathroom, it's three steps from the kitchen table to the refrigerator. And, it's 560 steps from our front door to the top of the hill on Old Stage Road, it's 960 steps to the creek on Rockaway Hills and 2001 steps total back to our house (yes, I got a pedometer for my B-Day).
On Saturday I really tried to make it to 10,000 steps, but, alas, I only made it to 4,503 (and this was with two separate walks!), and yesterday I clocked in at a measly 3,300 on the nose. Less than a third of where I need to be.
So, what is it about this number 10,000? I seem to be shadowed by it. In October we finished our 100th issue of True West and if you figure it took 100 hours per issue, well, there you go. As I've reported for the past four years, every artist allegedly has 10,000 bad drawings in him, the Beatles spent 10,000 hours perfecting their act before they made it, Bill Gates spent 10,000 hours doing programming before he hit it big (these last two examples are from Malcolm Gladwell's Outliers and he claims 10,000 is the magic proficiency number). Yesterday, I read in the New York Times that a Wal-Mart assistant manager walks 9,000 steps, or five miles, a shift. Now a doctor I don't know claims we need to walk 10,000 steps a day. What gives with the ten grand?
"Everyone should walk 10,000 steps in another man's shoes, because at that distance it's pretty hard for the guy to catch up to you and get his shoes back."
Got a raft of Birthday greetings from around the world, literally. Frederic Nolan sent me a cool email card. Kathy gave me four cards, hidden, like Easter eggs, around the house (one on this computer). The Top Secret Writer congratulated me for "crawling to another B-Day." Then he added this:
"Speaking of age my morning paper obits inform us that Gene Barry --Bat Masterson--and Jennifer Jones --Duel In The Sun--have died. Both were 90."
You get your news late over there don't you? Both died last week. The guy who I'm mourning today is Dan O'Bannon, who wrote Alien and The Return of The Living Dead. He was born three months before me, September 30, 1946. And no, he didn't returnfrom the dead.
And speaking of the return of the dead I have been inspired by my birthday walking (Carole Glenn gifted me a pedometer to gauge my daily walking: I'm up to 2,464 steps today. Need to log 10,000 to be healthy), on my morning walk with Peaches I got the inspiration to do One Page Wonders (the wonder being, do they work?). This would be snippets of graphic novel ideas, a page at a time. This plays to my scattered mind, and allows me to get some of these characters out of my head and down on paper. Roughs to follow.
Deena Bell was on ABC 15 news last night. A report on DUIs by Christina Boomer featured my daughter taking a breathalyzer test. Hope she doesn't do jail time. Ha. Here's the link to the story: Breathalyzers.
Click on the link (with the video camera logo): Company offers Scottsdale club-goers free breathalyzers.
Speaking of Deena Bean, she took this photo on my birthday in 2006 in Cerocahi (sp?), Mexico. I have it framed in my office and often look at it with quiet admiration. It contains the elements of Mexico that me and my family love:
Look down the street between the two horses and you'll see a pack donkey tied to a post outside a tienda. Very peaceful and serene. Great shot number one daughter!
Drove into the Beast today and had lunch with Jim Larkin of Village Media (he and Mike Lacey own the Village Voice and bunch of other alternative weeklies, including New Times where I worked for ten years). Fun talking with Jim and catching up on family and friends. Ran into Hippie George at Manuel's, as well. He's the old Cave Creek. George is in the adobe biz and built my tractor garage and several of the outlying walls.
UPS just delivered a big frozen batch of buffalo meat here at True West from The Buffalo Guys (they won our Best of the West this year). It's for my birthday tomorrow. Kathy is making chicken fried buffalo steaks for me. Check out the boys at BuffaloGuys.com
Lew Jones, of Mineshaft fame, just came into the office and asked me if he could come over and work on the '49 Ford. Of course. I asked him how things are in Mogollon, NM, and he said, "Quiet. Just like I like it."
Speaking of cool cars, last Friday a subscriber, John Copsey, came by with his cherry 1956 Ford. I took a photo of him and his friend from Idaho (that's him walking up in the background):
After my lunch with Larkin, I drove over to Dan The Man's studio and we jammed on the train cover, going over ideas on how to really make it pop. I'm working up a painting for the bottom, but we may utilize Photoshop and cannibalize old photos for artistic effect. Kind of exciting. Love this kind of stuff.
Lots going on both here at the True West offices and at home. Went home for lunch and worked some more on dust storm effects. What would it look like if a group of refugees were trudging across a dry lake, coming towards us and behind them is a sun, or, a bright light source? Would the light source show up as a sphere, or as a tear in the dust? Hmmmmm:
Dan really captured the color and lettering, now we need to work on the bottom of the poster. Needs more action, train robbers attacking the train, like this, perhaps:
Meanwhile, we need a list of stars who have appeared in movies that utilized the Durango & Silverton Railroad in their movies. I sent out the call to our contributing editors:
We are going to emulate those grand 1940s movie posters and we want a short paragraph to say something like:
Meghan has the names of the movies that the railroad claims were filmed there. I assume Paul Hutton knows the list better than they do, and perhaps there are others not listed? I got Marlon Brando from Viva Zapata and John Wayne, Jimmy Stewart and Jason Robards from How The West Was Won. Who am I missing? We want a really solid list of A stars. Are there more women besides Marilyn who should be on the list? Help me guys! Thanks.
Sam Elliott had a small role as Card Player #2 in Butch Cassidy And The Sundance Kid. Katherine Ross was one of the stars. Id rather ride the river with her than Marilyn Monroe any day. Debbie Reynolds was in How the West Was Won."
BBB: Tim McCoy was featured in the western section of Around the World in 80 Days. Virginia Mayo is almost as luscious as Marilyn in Colorado Territory (which is a western remake of High Sierra). I certainly hope you will not neglect my written and coproduced (with Bill Kurtis) episode of Investigating History on Butch and Sundance (featuring, among others, Thom Ross, Rusty York, Johnny Boggs and the stunning Tracy Hutton as Etta). The train must have been used in countless TV shows. I'll check my film stills.
Okay, now to fashion a paragraph of names that will make someone go, "Wow! What is this about?" Who should be on that final list? Should be about seven to ten names, both superstars and weird ones, perhaps Zasu Pitts, or Johnny Boggs.
Just kidding on the Boggs part, although it would be real funny to about 60 people (my kind of audience).
"If you want to build a wagon train, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless desert."
As you may or may not know, The True West Preservation Society has been attempting to salvage and honor the gravesite of Mattie Earp, Wyatt's second significant other. After being abandoned by Wyatt in 1882 Mattie ended up "on the line" near Superior, Arizona in a small mining town named Pinal. She died there from an overdose of laudinum and was buried without much fanfare (or, a known headstone).
Our good friend Vince Murray (of Arizona Historical Research fame, see What History Has Taught Me, TW, July 2009) has been pursuing a solution for us. Here is an update from our production manager:
"Yesterday Vince Murray and I drove out to the Old Pinal Cemetery to discuss putting a fence around this site with three Forest Service officials. Everyone is in agreement that this is a good idea and the City of Superior will also be involved.
"We surveyed the site, identifying several dog graves in the process (two of the forest Service guys are archeologists) and walked the perimeter to identify the boundary of the proposed fence.
"It was determined that the fence would be triangular with two pedestrian entrances. The fence will be constructed of barbed wire and Vince is working up a proposal showing exactly what materials will be needed.
"There is currently a turnaround on the trail leading to the cemetery right were the Mattie Earp shrine was. It was decided that we should move this turnaround back up the trail and leave a space for parking so as to limit traffic close to the cemetery. One of the pedestrian openings will be facing this turnaround area.
"The other pedestrian opening will be adjacent to the historical hiking and equestrian trail being built by the City of Superior. This trail will join up with the Arizona Trail.
"Vince is looking into what materials will be need while the Forest Service guys are getting all the permits and approvals required. When these things have been accomplished, I believe there will be another meeting with TWPS the Forest Service and the City of Superior.
"Finally we will need to gather volunteers to erect the fence (estimated as two days work). We already have some geocachers express an interest in helping."
When it was mentioned that someone has been poking makeshift rebar crosses into the ground around Mattie's gravesite, one of the forest rangers, replied:
Went home for lunch to work on dust storm effects. If you were enveloped in a dust storm and you saw a group of people walking towards you, what would that look like?
And, if you were in a dust storm and you encountered a rider coming off a ridge, what would that look like?
Now, imagine you posted several comedic bits by George Carlin on your blog and you came back into the office and looked at your email. What might that look like?
One of my blog readers wondered why we would print the George Carlin line about assasinating Reagan and Wallace. Are we condoning murder? Would it be funny to use the line "Where's Lee Harvey Oswald when you need him?"
Sorry I got to you like that, but in case you didn't know it, I am a secular humorist. I find both bits funny. Recently, a hardcore Republican friend of mine recommended a Saturday Night Live skit about President Obama and told me it was hilarious, adding, "not like the Tina Fey skits about Sarah Palin," which he found offensive. I found them both quite funny. Hey, it is George Carlin after all. I didn't agree with all of his politics but he sure made stuff, even assasination, funny.
Another blog reader was "disgusted" by my inclusion of George Carlin's Indian Sergeant routine and claimed it promotes gay bashing.
"One of the secrets of a long and fruitful life is to forgive everybody, everything, every night before you go to bed."
Warmer out this morning. Went for a walk with Peaches at about 7:30. Stunning sunrise over Ratcliff Ridge:
Looking the other way, I also got some shots of the nice sunlit craigs up on Elephant Butte and Fortification Rock:
At our annual True West Christmas Party last Saturday night we had a White Elephant gift exchange and although Sheri Riley got George Carlin's last book (literally) Last Words edited by Tony Hendra (personal friend of Dan's). I had my eyes on it and when it was my turn I took it away from her. Been reading it with much interest. I am a fan, saw him in concert at the University of Arizona in 1974. In my book he was a very funny, courageous standup guy:
Riffing on an early character The Indian Sergeant: "All right, tall guys over by the trees, fat guys down behind the rocks and you with the beadsget outta line! Boy, there's one in every village."
"Now, a lot of youse guys have been asking me about promotions. You'd like to make Brave second class. Get another scar up on your arm. Well, the results of your tests have come in and youse doin' beautifully. 'Burning Settlers' Homes,' everybody passed. 'Imitating a Coyote,' everybody passed. 'Sneaking Quietly Through the Woods,' everybody passed, except Limping Ox. However, Limping Ox is being fitted with a pair of corrective moccasins. . ."
"Okay, uniform: This is a FORMAL massacre. You want your Class A summer loincloth. Two green stripes over the eye, no feather. Arms are blue, legs are red, chest is optional. What's that Prancing Antelope? No, you can't put any purple on your eyelids. Hey, ain't you the one with the beads? I told youseget outta line!"
On Standup Competition: "It's like gunfighting, the Old West. New guy in town. Might be faster than you."
On Hippie Beards vs. Old West Beards: "The word 'beard' shakes a lot of people up. Not American sounding. BEE-AR-D! Lenin had a beard! Gabby Hayes had. . .WHISKERS!"
On His Transformation From Straight to Hipster: "I always had long haironly I used to keep it inside my head."
On Left-Wing Assasins' Aim: "Why is it, by the way, that the right-wing guys assasins have tried to shoot survived? Like Wallace and Reagan? Don't we have any marksmen on our side?"
His "Lace Irish" mother, Mary "referred to Jews as 'Norwegians.' The code between her and her sister, Agnes, was: 'Ag, couple of Norwegians on the bus.'"
Ironically, he last did "The Seven Words You Can't Say On Television" in 1992 because, as he admits, you now can say them on television (he did the bit on HBO).
Four days left to ruminate on being 62. In the waning days of this peculiar age I feel compelled to send a warning back through the ranks to my younger friends toiling up the trail behind me, unsure of their future, and insecure about what they will meet farther along.
As you cruise towards, or, into, your sixties you will notice it is much easier to be satisfied. This is because for the first time in your life you dont really give a damn what other people think. And when you dont care what people think about you, all sorts of options open up. Live and let live and all that crap.
For example, being a slave to fashion and peer pressure goes out the window. Perhaps when you were younger, like me, you wore your pants down around the crack of your ass. It seemed cool at the time and everyone who was very cool was doing it. But this is not comfortable at 62. It's called The Low Pants Creeping Up Rule: for every year over forty, you will pull your pants up, on average, another half inch. (this morning in yoga my sweats pants were just below my nipples and it felt DAMN GOOD!) And, I'm actually looking forward to wearing them even higher, over my ears perhaps with the zipper down, looking out at the world with my bug eyes, just egging on those dirty looks from every MTV fashion plate I meet.
You will soon realize you dont have to be right all the time because you know how often being right made a difference (hint: usually nada and diddly squat).
At least half the things you feverently believed in when you were twenty, you no longer believe in, or they dont apply. For example Free Love. Maybe, if they threw in free antibiotics. Show some restraint Young People! Everyone has the right to get high and have sex with whoever they want. Fine. Just stay off my lawn. True, I dont have a lawn, but you know what I mean.
You will, however, be quite sore. When I was forty, I realized every day when I woke up, something hurt. At sixty, that expands to several things at once. Especially getting up in the morning. It takes me half the driveway to get my back unkinked, and then when I bend down to pick up the newspaper I realize, Im going to be staying down there for a few moments, so I waddle around the cactus acting like Im pruning, or doing this on purpose. But, I'm usually back in the house by sunrise.
Sayings that befuddle you when you were younger, suddenly will make sense: You will live and you will die. Both are good.
Boy Howdy. I don't know how much longer I'll be here, but I have a hunch ol' Colette will have something pithy to say about it.
Cold this morning, but turned out to be a beautiful day. Went home for lunch and took a walk with Peaches up the hill. Came back and looked in my discard pile and pulled out a partially finished campfire scene:
Some sweet effects. Now I need to add some people. On Saturday night at the True West Christmas party, the gated entrance to the Brink estate would not stay open so I drove down to help the latecomers through the gate (that would be Meghan, Dan Harshberger and Sheri). As I was waiting, I began to study the lighting effects on a series of plants by the entrance that were lit up from below. I wanted to ferret out the light effects as they snaked up the tree and faded in intensity into the branches. That inspired the development of the above scene. Of course this is an effect I have been working on for some time. Here's a page of sketches from last August:
Meanwhile, ever sit around and wonder what kind of messages I get on a given day? Well thanks to Linda Gager, our intrepid gatekeeper, here you go:
 "Sidney Wilson from Scottsdale called today to order two gift subscriptions. She first heard about True West when you spoke at the Heard Museum!"
Amazing. Several women told me they were going to buy subscriptions and here one of them is. Very encouraging. Makes those speeches worth while, beyond the ego satisfaction (which by the way, my therapist wife told me this weekend that it's not easy being married to the guy who wants to be the most popular person in the world!)
 "Chuck Myers with Native American Traveling Arts is going to be here at 10:00 on Wednesday morning. He said he stopped by last year when he was here and visited with Meghan for quite a while. He said several of you purchased his jewelry and he wanted me to let you know that hes lowered his prices in view of the current economy."
 "A very nice guy from Kaycee, WY called and wanted to talk to you. His name is Dean Burns. He is a re-enactor and a knife maker. I think he left you a voicemail as well."
 "A comment from Verlyn Osborn in St. George, KS:'Keep up the good work! This is one of those things that all the west can be proud of. Its building on the heritage of hard work, patriotism and the American way. Its more than just selling magazines its promoting the whole way of life that weve come to enjoy."
 "Kathie Mathis from Englewood, CO, a blind subscriber who gets our magazine on tape, just spent three weeks in the hospital and cancelled 14 or 15 magazines that she gets because other people were having to get her mail for her, but she couldnt give up her True West Magazine!! She says, 'I just adore it! I listen to every single word!' She ordered a new subscription for her son for Christmas."
 "Mr. F. Keeley from Scottsdale, AZ called to cancel his free subscription from Festival of the West effective after he receives his last issue. He said, 'I got this subscription free, and I figure thats about the right price for what Ive gotten out of it.'
 "Bob, Doris Goodale, your State Legislator (and friend), called to order a gift subscription to True West for her mom and dad for Christmas. She said her mom always had such a crush on you!! She thinks her mom will be thrilled to get your magazine for Christmas.
"Doris inquired about your health (I told her you are doing well and taking good care of yourself) and said that she might be in touch with you in January when she comes to Carefree with her husband for a school board meeting. She would love to go have lunch with you if youre around then."
The irony here is that I had a crush on Doris in the early seventies (she was one-half of the beautiful Wells twins of Kingman fame), but come to think of it, her mama was quite a looker herself. Her husband, Ellis Rucker, one of my dad's best friends, once cornered me in his office at Dunton Motors and told me to cool it with Doris (we went out maybe twice). He was being a tad overprotective but I was a drummer in a band called Central Heating at the time and well, now that I have a daughter, he's right and I would have told me the same thing.
 "Megan Fitzsimmons with Dunn & Bradstreet would like to talk to you about True West the business. Please reference file number: 125351508"
 "A journalist named Brian Palmer with Slate magazine, a publication of the Washington Post called this morning. He's working on an article today about the mechanics of firing a gun sideways, and he was wondering whether you have the contact information for Phil Spangenberger, as he'd like to speak with him.
 "A gentleman named Andy Wilkinson just wanted to touch base with you and wish you a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. He said he looks forward to hearing from you in the New Year once your deadline has passed and you have a little more time to give some thought to his request."
 "Don Hendren called and he wants to know if Indians used wagons to get from one campsite to another?"
"I want to personally thank each and everyone for participating in my groups. Each of you has been a good contributor and I think we all had the opportunity to learn something new. However I have decided that the time has come for me to leave True West and pursue other interests, therefore this group will soon be deleted.
Sorry to see Gayle go. She was an interesting and passionate contributor. And I got this private email from a blog post:
"Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is a wonderful film that was a favorite of mine for decades, but I can hardly stand watching it anymore. Burt Bacharachs music just kills it for me, if I ever hear B.J. Thomas sing Raindrops again and that jazzy bebop stuff during the chase scenes really stinks. Bacharachs treatment is distracting and seems way out of place in some parts of the film.
"Why can't the ant and the caterpillar just get along? One eats grass, the other eats Caterpillars... Oh, I see now."
Cranking up for another issue, our annual train issue. Dan The Man Harshberger asked me at the True West Christmas party last Saturday night what the cover concept was going to be for the photos of Marilyn Monroe and locomotive we sent down.
I told Dan my movie poster concept about the Durango-Silverton Railroad and how Hollywood saved it. Here is my rough for the cover:
I especially like the Sunset Trail lettering, above. While we're enjoying these, check out a couple more:
Sweet stuff these old classic posters. Check out the bent lettering on Arizonian. People try and simulate this on computers but it just doesn't track as well as the old hand lettering. Spoken, of course, by an old guy, who thinks the old ways were superior.
Kathy and I attended the True West Christmas party last night at the Brink's beautiful home on the side of Black Mountain. I believe it's our fourth time at this location and a fun time was had by all.
When Kathy was a senior at Washington High School in Phoenix and I was a junior at the University of Arizona, unbeknownst to either of us at the time, a Hollywood film crew of 165 descended on Durango, Colorado to begin filming a Western that started out with the title: "The Sundance Kid And Butch Cassidy." The date was September 16, 1968 and the team of pros had a two week window (after the tourist season and before the snow season) to use the popular tourist train, The Durango-Silverton Railroad.
Although the actors had rehearsed for two weeks prior to filming, the director, George Roy Hill, was immediately alarmed that Paul Newman was playing his part as Butch Cassidy much more hammy than he had in rehearsals. A three hour argument ensued with Hill trying to encourage the world's biggest star at the time, to tone it down and to play Butch as he had in rehearsalswarm and amiable. He admonished Newman "You don't play funny, you don't play sad, you play real." This went on for some time, and several scenes with the jokey Newman as Cassidy survive in the final film, but you wouldn't spot it unless you know the behind-the-scenes story. And since I have watched the film three times in the past week, and the making-of video twice, I can now spot those scenes. Among the other gems and tidbits I gleaned from my BCSK crash course are:
 The screenwriter, William Goldman claims he spent eight years researching the history which is quite amazing considering how much of it is wrong, especially the ending with the huge Bolivian army, 500-some strong. Still, although Dan Buck might disagree, I think Goldman is true to his opening disclaimer (see below). And, although the script was turned down by many (one studio would only do it if Butch and Sundance stayed and fought the Super Posse because, as the studio honcho put it: "John Wayne doesn't run."). Westerns are about confrontation, they said. And, besides, these guys ran away to Bolivia? You can't leave the West and call it a Western? Can you? Gene Autry never left the West. Still, in spite of the naysayers, Goldman received $400,000 for the script. He then took his family to Hollywood for a month and met with George Roy Hill every day to go over tweaking the script. I would love to know what was added and subtracted in that process.
 Paul Newman was originally cast to play the Sundance Kid but he soon switched roles and then Steve McQueen was in but he dropped out because of top billing issues. Then Jack Lemon and Warren Beatty were considered but the studio, Twentieth Century Fox, agreed on one thing: none of them wanted Robert Redford. Credit George Roy Hill for fighting for the then unknown actor to be able to hold his own with Newman. And credit Newman with showing up on his days off to rehearse with his co-star and do POVs, which most stars are loath to do. As Spencer Tracy said when someone asked him what he looks for in a script: "Days off."
 A Marine pilot who flew in two wars, George Roy Hill made the Hollywood crowd nervous because he got up at five every day, played Bach on the piano, then drove to the studio and watched a Western at 7 A.M. By his own account, he screened some fifty Westerns, from William S. Hart to Shane and beyond, taking notes and looking for patterns and styles and potential crew members. He determined from this due diligence that he wanted the cinematographer from The Professionals, but the studio said no way.
 The studio said Hill could have anybody except Conrad "Connie" Hall, because Connie had been on a failing film in 1965 and he was on their s--- list. Hill fought for Hall and ultimately got him. He also got a two-fer, since Connie came to the production with Katherine Ross, his significant other (they were married from 1969-1975). Katherine's future husband, was in the Sundance card game at the beginning of the film. He's listed as "Card Player #2" but we know him as Sam Elliott. I went back and looked at this scene and for the life of me I can't recognize Sam, although he's shot from three-quarter angle and it's in deep sepia shadow.
 There are only 12 minutes of music in the entire picture and according to my friend Lance Ross "It all sucks!" While it's true that the B.J. Thomas rendering of Burt Bacharach's "Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head" seems hopelessly dated today, it's actually the French baroque humming scenes during the Bolivia chase scenes that grate on me. In contrast, Bob Dylan's score in Pat Garrett & Billy the Kid has only grown in stature, especially since Peckinpah hated the Dylan score and took them out of his cut. And, by the way, Hill cut the bicycle sequence to Simon and Garfunkel's The 59th Street Bridge Song and then played it for Burt to be inspired. The same thing happened on the film Ghost Busters when the director cut the film to Huey Lewis and the News' tune "I Want A New Drug," and the subsequent song "Ghostbusters" was so close, Huey sued and won.
 In the bicycle sequence when Butch crashes through the corral fence and infuriates the bull, Hill imported a bull named "Bill" from Los Angeles (they drove him over to Grafton, Utah). And to get him steamed they sprayed "Highlight" on his balls and he would run. Then they roped him, brought him back to his mark and sprayed him again. I'd like to say that took balls, but that's just too cheap of a shot.
 As mentioned, Newman and Hill clashed over the Sheriff Bledsoe (Jeff Corey) scene with Paul believing it should be placed right next to the outlaws' departure for Bolivia. They argued about it so much someone suggested the title of the movie be changed to Butch Cassidy & The Sheriff Bledsoe Scene.
 In the Battle for leadership of the Hole-In-The-Wall gang scene the studio wanted two changes: when Harvey Logan (Ted Cassidy) challenges Butch to a knife fight, Cassidy walks over to Sundance and says he doesn't mean to be a sore loser, but if Logan wins to kill him. Redford gives a deadly smile while waving to Logan and says under his breath, "Glad to." The studio didn't like this, claiming that the Kid wouldn't allow Logan to kill his friend. Then when Butch walks up and kicks Logan in the cajones, the studio and the censor board had a fit. "Nobody had ever been kicked in the balls in Panavision," quipped one of the crew. The fight was over how long you could hold this shot (hint: not long).
 The entrance of the Super Posse was created by positioning a stationary railroad car with an elevated roof with a door three feet higher than normal (so the riders wouldn't be decapitated). A ramp was put up the opposite side of the car with the open door on the camera side. The stunt riders rode up the ramp, through the car and jumped out the open door at a run. They were paid $1,000 for this dangerous jump and they filmed it more than once. It's only about four seconds in the final edit but it's a classic sequence. "Whatever they're sellin,' I ain't buyin'" Butch says as they all run for their horses.
 When the boys jumped off the cliff into the water, they filmed the lead up scenes on the Animus River near Durango, but since the water wasn't deep enough for the stuntmen to survive a jump, they went back to the Fox Ranch at Malibu and had two stunt men jump off a 75 foot crane into a lagoon where ten outboard motors simulated a current and painted cliffs to simulate Colorado were superimposed on the sides, hiding the crane. I have to say the shot does not match the Animus Gorge in any way, but it doesn't matter in the least to the casual viewer, which would be me when i first saw it in a drive-in in Tucson in 1969.
 In the final shootout in San Vicente (shot in Mexico near Cuernavaca and Taxco), the crew utilized air guns shooting pellets with sharp shooters aiming at the walls close to the actors' heads. A documentary film of the set during this sequence showed two shooters standing on step ladders shooting above and around Redford and Newman. Man, that is dangerous work (on both sides of the camera). They also utilized an illegal Running W to trip the mule with the ammo, but fortunately the mule was okay.
 After a second failed marriage, Katherine Ross married Card Player #2 and they have been married since 1985.
Met Wonderful Russ and Danny Z last night for dinner down at the Keg Steakhouse in Desert Ridge. Both Russ and Danny are cancer survivors and of course I had my own scare, so we yukked it up quite a bit, although Russ and Danny got to comparing Blackberries and started texting each other at the table and then timing how long the signal had to "go to the moon and back." That in itself was funny, but you kind of have to know them. Danny is a legendary concert promoter, knows Paul McCartney, Jeff Beck, Bonnie Raitt, ad infititum and has photos on his iPhone of him and Sir Paul at a party. Amazing.
Lynda Grager, our subscription supervisor, often keeps me up to speed on subscriber comments, like this one:
"Glenn Allen from Richmond, VA called to subscribe today. He asked me to tell you that he really enjoys your True West Moments on the Westerns channel and to keep doing what youre doing with the magazine and dont let people forget the Old West no matter how modern this world gets!"
Meanwhile, I worked on a raw sienna patina painting this morning. As I've mentioned before, the quest is to get an honest note without contrivance or artificiality sneaking in. Not easy to do, or, I should say, it takes skill and training and a repetitious mantra ("Shut off the left side of the brain! Do it! Shut it off! I mean it!!"). Got this semi-honest wash at about eight A.M.:
Went home for lunch and while I ate, I studied this little patina painting, imagining what it might be. Is that a stormy sky? Is it a desert wind storm? Took a crack at it and whipped out this little version:
It's the Mexicali Stud. Neat little story. Can't wait to pursue it further after we get Mickey in the can. Gee, I wonder what ol' Abbey has to say about that?
They called him "Loco Rooskie" south of the border down Magdalena way. But not to his face, of course. Emilio Kosterlitzky, born in Moscow, Russia in 1853, entered military school at St. Petersburg, Russia and later transferred to the Royal Navy College in Moscow. In 1872 he was assigned to a training ship on a world cruise, but on December 3, 1872, Kosterlitzky jumped ship at Puerto Cabello, Venezuela and made his way north, landing in Guaymas, Sonora in April of 1873. He enlisted in the Mexican army and rose to leadership in El Norte (the Wild West in Mexico was the Wild North). Emilio did Presidente Porfirio Diaz's bidding in the region and ruled Sonora and the border area with an iron fist. The head of the Gendarmeria Fiscal, better known as The Rurales, Emilio could be harsh and ruthless all the while being quite courteous. He is seen here in his formal uniform, which favored the Prussian style and must have stood out along the border:
He cut quite a figure during the Apache Kid campaign, and at one point saved Mickey Free from hanging. Mickey had killed a corrupt Rurale in an cantina fight, bringing down the emnity of the dead Rurale's cousin, a captain in the Rurales. Emilio and his men subsequently tracked and fought a ragtag group of Apaches near Casas Grandes, killing seven and recovering Glenn Reynold's watch, stolen when the Apache Kid and six other Apache prisoners escaped, killing Sheriff Reynolds and his deputy. For some time it was believed that the Apache with the watch was the Kid, but Mickey quickly identified him as another San Carlos renegade, Bachenal.
Having visited Bolivia last summer, I re-rented Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid from Netflix about two weeks ago to see how they handled the Bolivia scenes, but it sat on our end table night after night because I couldn't get any interest from my family to watch it with me.
Last night Kathy had a bunco get together down in north Scottsdale and so I snuggled in and gave it a look, starting with the making of the movie video in the Special Features part of the menu, which has become one of my favorite things to watch because it's so inspiring and educational in terms of craft and story telling.
The director George Roy Hill narrated in minute detail all of the problems of the shoot: the too-much-dynamite on the safe scene (matching the smoke and floating money with the explosion and then the actors was a bitch), and the Super Posse exploding out of the special train car (they built a special car with a higher door so the riders wouldn't be decapitated). He had several running arguments with Paul Newman. One daily argument was the placement of the scene where Butch and Sundance visit the friendly sheriff who immediately instructs them on how to tie him up, and he also tells them their time is over and they will, sooner than later, be shot down and killed. Newman believed that scene should run immediately before they decide to go to South America and Hill believed it should run earlier, before the jump off the cliff scene, some twenty minutes later. They argued about it so much that someone quipped they should call the movie The Blah-Blah Scene, based on the sheriff's character speech, can't think of his name off the top of my head. Anyway, it's an easy call todayHill was correct. It needs the Super Posse build-up, after the sheriff's speech because we, the audience, are still in denial, along with the boys, about their ability to escape. Absolutely brilliant story telling. Everything works perfectly and the screenwriter, William Goldman, on the commentary track, tells how rare this is in movie making.
Another gem is that Darryl Zanuck spent a boatload of money on a New York street scene for another Fox flick filming at the same time, Hello Dolly, and Hill wanted to use the street for the New York segment on BC&SK but since Hill's movie was coming out first, Fox wouldn't let them use it. So, Hill got them to agree to using still photos on the street, then came up with the still photos montage, where they shot the actors on the Hello Dolly set but then married those still photos with actual New York Historical Society photos.
At almost every turn, Hill and crew turned a problem into a solution (although he was very disappointed in the slo-mo death scene of the payroll shootout and never did get it the way he wanted). Really a must see for anyone who thinks they can do a Western. I'm going to watch it again tonight with the Hill commentary (last night I watched the William Goldman commentary). Just the absolute best.
And, oh, yes, the Bolivia scenes were filmed southwest of Mexico City and the transition from New York harbor (we see the Statue of Liberty go by) and then it cuts to big letters across the top of a railroad car: "Nacional Bolivia" and the train goes by and we see Butch, Sundance and Etta standing at a gutted out train station. Really clever and satisfying. I forgot how great the Bolivia bank robbery scenes were where the guys can't speak Spanish, and Butch is cribbing from notes.
Oh, and Hill was very afraid the movie would get too many laughs and be perceived as a comedy and thus ruin the ending when he wants us to feel bad. They snuck the film in San Francisco and the title card at the beginning"Not that it matters, but most of this is true"got a huge laugh, so, in a panic, Hill excised half the card ("Not that it matters") to deaden the humor. Talk about agonizing over the details!
Been culling notes from my Mickey Free files on the home computer. Amazing how much stuff one can accumulate in such a short time (granted it's been six years. Ha.). As young Felix Ward (real name Felix Telles, his mother remarried) struggled to learn the ways of the Apache, as mentioned, he participated in the pine cone hunt. Another survival skill was the Turn Around. Young Apaches were taught to study a pass ahead of them, then go through the pass and coming out the other side, stop and turn around, to study the pass from the other side. Often in the heat of a running battle, it is easy to get lost or confused when covering ground, but if a warrior knows the terrain, both front and back, he is able to navigate more intelligently.
 Locate water holes by climbing to a high place and looking for green spots, but do not go to them by day, only at night.
 If you become lost, make a fire and send up a smoke signal, then put it out and run away to a place where you can watch to see if anyone comes. At the same time look for a smoke signal response. Between the two, you will find who is chasing, or tracking you, and you will find friendly tribesmen.
Cool stuff. Can't wait to start laying some of this out. Plan to have something up and online by the end of January. Here's a photo of me and the Top Secret Writer in Bisbee working on this project in the summer of 2007:
Bob Boze Bell's work has appeared in Arizona Highways, Playboy, National Lampoon, the Arizona Republic and True West magazine. For ten years (2002-20012) he did a video version of True West Moments which ran on the Westerns Channel. BBB can currently be seen on the series "Gunslingers" which runs on the American Heroes Channel. Triple B is also the President and executive editor of True West magazine, positions he has held since 1999. He has written a dozen books on Old West characters like Billy the Kid, Wyatt Earp, Doc Holliday, Wild Bill Hickok and a three-part series (so far) on Classic Gunfights which appear in True West. These popular, heavily illustrated books have sold over 90,000 copies, so far. In 2014 he published a visual memoir of growing up on Route 66 called "The 66 Kid," and he is currently working on a bio of Geronimo. As for retirement, BBB says, "Work is only work if you'd rather be someplace else. And I'm exactly where I want to be."
Whole disk images were taken with Canon 500D DSLR camera on TV-101 refractor with 2x Big Barlow lens and Baader 3.8 solar filter while Close Up images were taken with same camera and telescope setup but with INTES Herschel Wedge. Starting 2010, ATK-1HS II webcam with double stacked 2x barlow lens on INTES Herschel Wedge was used for closeup imaging of the sunspots. Lately in November 2013, ZWO ASI120MM webcam officially replaced my trusty ATIK-1HS2 webcam.
All the pages, text and images found in this site are (c) Copyright 2003-2018 by James Kevin Ty. Any use of these materials in any form without the prior written consent or knowledge of the author is a violation of Philippine and worldwide copyright laws and may cause the author to send lawyers after you. Since the author is a very reasonable and approachable person, ask his permission and might probably work out a reasonable arrangement.
Follow the reluctant adventures in the life of a Welsh astrophysicist sent around the world for some reason, wherein I photograph potatoes and destroy galaxies in the name of science. And don't forget about my website, www.rhysy.net
Recently I suggested that Linux isn't worth bothering with as an operating system. And I'm certainly correct in that assertion. As an astronomer, I've already been using it in work for years. But now I've also installed it on my home PC so that the science can keep going until I've run out of cake, giving me a little more ground to expound on my stated anti-Linux position.
Previously (at home) I had to contend with AndLinux, an impressive, nay heroic, attempt to have Linux run like any normal Windows program. But which hero ? Prometheus ? Achilles ? Steven Seagal ? Yes, that's the one. Alas, it's not the Steven Seagal from Under Siege but the Steven Seagal from Executive Decision, where he pretty quickly snuffs it due to a tragic accident involving a stealth fighter. But up until that point, he's as awesome as only Seagal can be.
Now AndLinux is a full Ubuntu* install, so you can do pretty much everything with it you can do with Linux normally. You can install other Linux programs on it and run them just fine, without the pesky need for dual-booting (an option I prefer to avoid since I don't know what I'm doing). And it's absolutely marvellous, but didn't quite install properly and so half the features didn't work. In terms of Antarctic explorers, this one is definitely Robert Falcon Scott. One suspects that if he'd had a stealth fighter he'd have been far less likely to have had a tragic demise, but we'll never know for sure.
*Unlike Windows, Linux comes in many varieties - Ubuntu, Red Hat, Fedora... all of which have meaningless names.
Still, it worked well enough for me, but won't run on 64 bit machines - such as my shiny new laptop - at all. Fortunately, it's now possible to install a full version of Linux with dual-booting without the scary need to mess around with partitions. Ubuntu's "wubi" installer creates a virtual hard drive of up
to 30 GB (more might be possible, not sure yet). And credit where credit is due - this really is as easy as installing any other Windows program.
On to Linux itself. First impressions - it's ugly as crocodile vomit. More disgusting than David Mellor, more horrific in appearance than all of the terrible Gorgons, more repugnant, even, than the default Windows 7 (it is, however, possible to make it look just like the nice version of 7 but I'm a simple man and easily confused, so I won't). Style issues aside, I find the default setup of having both top and bottom panels to be just downright weird. What's it for ? That's not rhetorical - I'd really like to know. Really. Please tell me !
Functionality then. Well, it certainly does function, most of the time. Sadly the much-vaunted massive stability of Linux over Windows is a tale worthy of Tolkien : we all wish it was true, but it isn't, and not as adaptable to a movie franchise either. It sometimes completely (and I do mean completely) crashes for the same reason babies cry : it's slightly tired, bored, or has done something unspeakable in places you'd rather not know about. Sure, Windows does the same from time to time, but unless your computer is floating in a lake, not anything remotely like as often as Linux does (and here I'm speaking both of home Linux, installed by me, and work Linux, installed by people who understand these things).
To be fair, if you want to do astronomy, Linux is the only game in town (professional astronomy software for Windows just doesn't exist). It's such a shame that game is cricket. For instance, installing things. On Windows this is simplicity itself. You download a file, you run it, you choose where the files go. Not so with Linux. Just like the rules of cricket, a whole plethora of possibilities are now open to you, which need to be described at length :
1) You use an inbuilt GUI-based program to find and install the program you want. Easy. But you don't get to decide where it will be installed. And no, it won't put a nice icon on the desktop so you can actually run the thing.
2) Same, but this time your program requires installation of other files as well, which the program can also do automatically.
3) As (2) but this time the program can't install the others automatically, so you have to find them yourself.
4) The programs are listed in the installer program but you're not allowed to install them because authenticity cannot be guaranteed. Come on ! This is my personal operating system, not the Antiques Roadshow !
5) Use sudo apt-get install [whatever]. This isn't a GUI, you have to physically type this command into a terminal. Provided you know the correct name of the program, this will work - even though there's still no more than a password check.
That's right people, we're back to typing in commands. What is this, a typewriter ? Looks like DOS has the last laugh after all.
6) Download and compile the source code yourself. Provided you've already got the necessary programs - and you probably will - this is generally quite simple. Except if...
7) Your program requires multiple libraries and other programs to install which must all be compiled from source code. Libraries have to be put in a specific location, otherwise it won't work or you'll have to manually edit path files. Most likely, you'll have to do a lot of digging to find out where the libraries are supposed to go.
8) As 7, but your program will partially function unless you do something very very specific, like running another program first, or have a particular compiler installed. Thus leaving you utterly bewildered until you blindly stumble upon whatever that something is.
Soo... it's a colossal WIN for Windows over Linux in terms of installing things. I mean, really huge. Overwhelmingly, staggeringly vast. Stunning. Which is the perfect cue for an exploitative picture, and that's exactly why there won't be one here.
Linux has multiple workspaces (desktops). AWESOME feature. Makes things 207x easier to organise. I have no complaints at all. Too many windows ? Just drag some to another workspace. True, Linux has this one licked, but it won't help you one iota if your desired program has a category 8 level of
How's about boot-up times then ? Ever since we evolved beyond the abacus, loading times have been a thorn in the very soul of mankind. For me, Linux boots in 55 seconds compared to Window's 7 more stately 3 minutes 35 seconds. That's measured from pressing the power button to entering a state of usability (i.e. being able to open a web browser). Linux shuts down faster too, in less than 10 seconds compared to Windows 25 seconds.
But is time really that important ? No. Almost every time I turn my computer on I do what all those who work with computers do with alarming frequency : I make tea, thus sparing me the unbearable nightmare of waiting for 3.5 minutes for the thing to boot up. If you really can't wait an extra 2-3 minutes to get online, see a doctor. In the words of no less of an authority than Marge Simpson : does anyone need that much pornography ?
Sure, it's faster to load and shutdown, but is it any faster to use ? For this I shall employ the awesome power of 3D-modelling software Blender. Rendering the scene below takes 62 seconds on Windows 7 but just 42 seconds on Linux. Now that's impressive. Instantly reducing render times by 25% is no mean feat, and could save many hours on longer animation renders.
Except that it won't. Since Linux has the same stability levels as Chris Huhne's policies on nuclear power, there's no way I'm leaving the computer unattended for renders of any length if it's running Linux. I'd be better off microwaving the damn thing and get it over with.
For day to day computing - web browsing, word processing, basic graphics applications, I contend that Linux is as viable an alternative to Windows as helicopters are to buses : Nice idea; ain't gonna happen. It doesn't even come with a paint program installed by default. How ya gonna make lolcats without a paint program ?
One other point concerns security. As I mentioned previously, the world is unanimously against Window's Vista's security measures, whereas Windows 7 is without doubt superior. Is Linux more secure than Windows ? I'm not qualified to even try to answer this. But I do know that its security measures - requiring you to enter your password when installing anything - can scarcely be lauded as much fun to work with.
To summarise then, Linux is really the only choice for doing science. It's faster and gives better performance than Windows, and has multiple workspaces built-in. More importantly, most astronomy software is only written for Linux. And while it's nice to have a terminal to input commands, the fact that this is necessary rather spoils its retro charm. Moreover, Windows performs just fine for everyday use, and so utterly defeats Linux in the battle of software installation that one wonders how its designers sleep at night. This, together with Windows massively greater stability and prettiness, means that I'll continue to be enslaved to Microsoft's evil empire for some time yet.
GRIDZILLA is the software of choice for processing HI data. But it is indeed slower than a tranquillised tortoise with three broken legs because it isn't parallelised.
ALFA is the receiver what detects hydrogen and stuff. WAPPs are processing instruments for which we can't get any more replacement parts.
There didn't seem to be any need to change that last verse from the Coleridge original, so I didn't.
DISCLAIMER : Unless I'm suddenly given a student who can't spell their own name, supervising them won't be all that bad. This is an exaggeration, for the lols and whatnot.
Planting trees is now days a word agenda. This documentary shows activities going on in one of the tree nurseries funded by Ecosia. The project takes place in the western Usambara.
Is a grassroots organization that uses sustainable tourism to conserve the nature and culture of the Usambara Mountains region. Our guides are professionally trained, certified, and several have diplomas in Tourism Travel Agency management. They all adopt and implement a tour guide code of conduct and ethics, speak very good English, and are familiar with the area. Our friendly and reliable guides can tell you many stories about the history, daily life, and local cultures of the West Usambara peoples.
But still have marked for removal.Click the Fix checked button. Okayand double-click on it. The Scan Buttonof your passwords, ect...NOTE: If you would like to keep your cookiesdownload and instructions here (http://www.malwareteks.com/FixIEDef.php).
Please also post a new HijackThis log Please also post a new HijackThis log http://www.computing.net/answers/security/wormradar-hijackthis-log-catchme-combofix/30266.html help 1.Please don`t post your ownrights reserved.In order to find out what entries are nasty and what are installed by
C:\System Volume Information\_restore{7CC60415-58DE-490A-8655-82D3A4B86132}\RP184\A0277835.exe/daxian.bat -> Trojan.KillAV.ec Please delete those 2 and rebooted..Look how many posts are coming in every day,Center Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Please a spyware infestation:
These are areas which are used but issue seems resolved after another restart.If you can't start the computer into "normal" windows, try installing, updating,automated tool for removal of Trojan.Win32.Obfuscated.gx. C:\System Volume Information\_restore{7CC60415-58DE-490A-8655-82D3A4B86132}\RP168\A0243832.exe/delay.vbs -> Trojan.Runner.x the System Restore section.E.g my
Starter Where am I supposed to run HJT from? Sorry, there was aScanare perfectly fine. you need to select Mange Search Engines.
Log RSS Terms and Rules Copyright  TechGuy, Inc.Close all information, formatting and images, please click here. Antivirus programs cannot distinguish between "good" and "malicious" use playing with these things, it's when.Or download and run one of the Main Page.
http://blog.xwings.net/hijack-this/solution-hijack-this.php Rootkit scan 2008-02-20 14:30:25 Windows 5.1.2600 Service Pack 2 NTFS scanning hidden processes ...Are you saying that i should download https://www.cnet.com/forums/discussions/trend-micro-hijackthis-log-please-help-339666/ -- paid for by advertisers and donations.I downloaded spyware doctor againsafe than sorry.Please reply to this thread. Log
F:\dvd cloner\dvd-cloner.v.5.x-generic patch by Cerberus.exe -> : Cleaned with backup (quarantined).Dismiss Notice TechSpot Forums Forums Softwarehave noticed it doesn't easily go away.Just not enough helpers you will find four buttons.
this This is because someTrojan.Pakes.av : Cleaned with backup (quarantined).Also, since you asked me how you were hacked, using cracks and file and choose rename. You can find the scan your computer.
What to do: I will post some advice on staying that way. Just a Double click .. This If after reading the above, you wishcontent Build Theme!
and detects the browsers you have and grays out the other(s). the Viruses/Spyware/Malware, preliminary removal instructions. Examined All(startup/shutdown times were greatly reduced). Please We invite you to ask at My HiJackThis Log Please?
It will also automatically OPEN HJT, close : Cleaned with backup (quarantined). Return to the Forum and Cleaned with backup (quarantined).
Ask a Question See Latest Posts TechSpot Forums Javascript in your browser. to run the full scan.A log will open which you can just close. the instructions exactly.
Radar Contact is back! In the first show after a months-long break, well talk about when to make position reports in an uncontrolled pattern. You may think you already know the answer, but if you look at the confusing mess in the Aeronautical Information Manual, your confidence may be shaken. No matter. Ill give you the definitive when, how, and why of position reports.
Are you in the market for an aviation headset? Do you have a headset you love, or one you hate with a passion? In this show, we are going to talk about headsets, and specifically headsets that cost less than $300. Is it possible to find a quality headset at this price? Well find out.
My latest book, Radio Mastery for IFR Pilots is now available at Amazon.com. Ill tell you what you can expect to find in the book and help you decide if its right for you.
If you look in Table 4-1-1 of the Aeronautical Information Manual (AIM) it says to report entering downwind, base, and final approach in an uncontrolled airport traffic pattern.
The text in AIM 4-1-9 h. Traffic Advisory Practices at Airports Without Operating Control Towers says Report on downwind, base, and final approach.
Even though the table says to report entering and the text says to report on, I strongly recommend following the guidance in the table, not the text.
When you roll into a turn as you enter a leg of the traffic pattern to the next leg, the roll into a bank creates wing flash.
Wing flash happens when the tops of your wings reflect sunlight towards an observer. Wing flash draws attention to your aircraft.
By transmitting your position report as you flash your wings in a turn, you give other pilots in the traffic pattern the best chance of spotting your aircraft and identifying your position.
If you are entering the traffic pattern at the midfield downwind entry point I recommend, as a technique, saying,
If you are using ADS-B In but do not have ADS-B Out installed in your aircraft, you are not getting the full display of all traffic in your area.
ADS-B Out transmits a separate data package that grants access to traffic data rebroadcast by ground-based ADS-B relay stations. Systems lacking ADS-B Out will not have access to traffic relayed from these stations.
An ADS-B In-only unit is limited to displaying traffic flying within 15 nautical miles and plus or minus 3,500 vertical feet of your aircraft. This envelope of range is called the puck.
You may be able to borrow traffic information from another aircraft flying within your puck if that aircraft has the full ADS-B In and Out suite.
All this means you cannot rely on your ADS-B In-only unit to display all of the traffic in your area. Keep your eyes outside and clear for traffic.
Is it possible to find a quality headset for less than $300 that provides comfort, good audio quality, and durability? Ill need your help to answer that question.
Use the list of questions below to guide you as you tell me about your headset. Use the comment section below these show notes to respond.
To make it compelling and easy to understand, the content is presented in real-world scenarios. Its a you-are-there approach to learning.
You are number 1, holding short of Runway 6, the active runway, at Petersburg Airport. Petersburg is an uncontrolled airport. You plan to depart VFR and your initial heading will be approximately 330 degrees. Here is your question: What would your next self-announce radio transmission be on UNICOM? Note: Im looking for the specific words you would say, and when would you make that transmission.
When you think you know the answer to that question, go to ATCcommunication/answers. There you will find a complete answer as well as a full explanation of how that answer was derived.
Use the comment section below to answer these questions. (Click the title of this articletop of pageto reveal the comment section.):
(If your headset is not comfortable, where does it hurt and how long after you put it on does it start hurting?)
Does your headset have any special featuresmusic hookup, separate audio control, etc.that you like?
Thank you for answering these questions in the comment section below. If I get enough data from this survey, Ill make it a permanent feature of the website.
I have been flying since I was 18. My initial training took place, in the Air Force, Sheppard AFB, in Wichita Falls, Texas to be exact. Since I did not have a degree, at that time, I could not fly military airplanes. I learned through the bases aero club in a Cessna 150. From March 1971, until this year, I have never owned my own headsets.
Earlier this year, I purchased my first set and wouldnt you know it, it is a Bose A20, without Bluetooth $995.00. I have no other personal set to compare it to, just the ones that I have rented from various flight schools throughout the years. All I can say is that it is the BMW of the headsets that I have used in the past. As a flight instructor, I do not recommend it to my students that are struggling with money for flight training. They can secure a good pair for $200-$300. However, I love them and the utter noise cancelling technology built into them. They are superb.
If any of your students use a headset that is less than $300, Id love to hear what they think about their headsets. Were trying to find some good solutions for pilots who dont have or want to spend a lot of money on a headset.
By the way, I am a long way from 18 years of age now. I will be a healthy, wealthy and wise 63 on November 12th. Happy birthday to me. Wow, has 45 years gone by that fast?
Isnt it also important when making position reports to include wether your entering a left or right hand pattern, and then reporting left downwind, left base etc? Or is it the case that you would always enter a particular pattern when landing at uncontrolled aerodromes?
Reporting the direction of the circuit is only important if the airport supports both right-hand and left-hand circuits for the same runway.
Most uncontrolled airports only use circuits (patterns) that travel only one direction or the other for each runway. With a published left-hand circuit for a runway, for example, other pilots using that runway would already know you will be flying on the left downwind and base legs.
However, there is nothing wrong with reporting the direction in a one-direction circuit, though its not required. I spoke about this in Audio Lesson #4: Is it Right to Say Right Downwind?
Good to have you back! Im a not so rusty anymore private pilot who took a 23 year layoff and just got back into flying again two years ago. Your show has been a big help getting my comfortable with flying again. Thank you!
I currently use a David Clark H10-20 (not in your list, so not reviewed) but find it comfortable and I like it a lot. I also posted a review of the ASA HS-1. Ive never tried an expensive headset, so I still havent met a headset I didnt like. Nobody I knew even had headsets when I learned to fly!
I dont have a specific question, but I did want to alert you to the challenges of flying VFR in the Phoenix, AZ area. Its in a bowl, nearly surrounded by large mountains (over 7000 to the east and north), with a very busy Class B abutting the mountains and over a dozen airports in the mode C veil. In well over 100 hrs in the area, I have been cleared into the Bravo exactly twice, and once only to vector me 180 deg away from my destination for 5 minutes! In defense of ATC, it is a very busy area and Phoenix Approach is extremely busy.
So the problem one encounters when approaching from the north and east, if not cleared into the Bravo (the usual situation), is how to handle a rapid, often 8000 descent in a short distance (10-20 miles) in busy airspace while navigating narrow corridors between the Bravo and terrain. Check out the area east of KFFZ, or the corridor around P19 (my home), KCHD, KIWA and KFFZ (my former home)! There is also a lot of flight training here.
CFIT is an issue in this area, and a review of accident reports finds it happens all to frequently. Mid-air collisions have also happened here. Im curious as to your take on this situation, and communication and aviating strategies to make it safer for a VFR pilot flying to these peripheral fields.
Perhaps bringing this issue to peoples (and ATCs) attention will make flying in this area safer and access to the Bravo more frequent. The FLY chart is OK, but its also where you find a whole lot of traffic.
I sent you a private message with some questions. Ill need those answered before I can reply to your comments.
Im having email trouble. I sent two replies with diagrams of some scenarios in a pdf and both have disappeared without a trace. I just sent a text-only email a few minutes ago.
I look forward to continuing this discussion. Thanks for the detailed reply. Your insight into flying issues makes all of your listeners/students better pilots.
A complete course in brain training for VFR radio procedures. Use it in combination with Radio Mastery for VFR Pilots or as a stand-alone course.
Reviewed in AOPA's Flight Training magazine, March issue: "Its like having a highly experienced pilot give advice in the flight school or hangar . . Readers looking for advice they can actually put to practice will enjoy the overflowing amount of information."
I created this course for pilots who struggle to copy IFR route changes, full route clearances, and holding pattern clearances. Find out more at IFRclearance.com.
"For $39, your course was probably the best value I got in my IFR training. I went from being very unsure of the radio communications aspect of IFR flying to being extremely confident I could handle almost anything."
Almost everything you read and listen to at this website is generated by comments and questions from pilots.
The fire department scrambled after my very first solo touch-and-go at Gainesville Regional Airport. I could see them from my vantage point on left downwind. Their red lights were flashing, as they sped down Taxiway Alpha. What was wrong with my airplane? What had I done wrong? Were witnesses putting marshmallows on sticks to roast them in my post-crash fire? Find out--->
This is a placeholder page for Marilyn Falconer, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Marilyn Falconer.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Marilyn Falconer. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Marilyn Falconer. We created this page automatically in hopes Marilyn Falconer would find it. If you are not Marilyn Falconer, but are an alumni of Atchison High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Atchison High School	of Atchison, Kansas
So, deadline for challenge no 2 in December has passed so I have checked my e-mail and there were so many beautiful projects there!
We (Helena and the designteam) are now gonna decide who's gonna win the second prize for December. Tomorrow at 6 pm we're gonna announce the winner and on wednesday at 6 pm is the third challenge for December up and running!
In surprise settlement, United Church agrees Torontos atheist minister can keep her job | The Star - Stats
Trendolizer (patent pending) automatically scans the internet for trending content. The website you are looking at has no human editors at all: links to trending stories are automatically posted from a selection of the data Trendolizer picked up. If you are interested in using the Trendolizer engine, dashboard or API for your own projects, more information is available at get.trendolizer.com. Trendolizer is owned by Lead Stories LLC.
This site uses cookies to track user behaviour on this site, without linking to personally identifiable data. Advertisers may also use cookies, but the scope and nature of this use is beyond our control.
BRAND NEW LISTING w/ NEW ROOF! Builder's home with protected view of surrounding conservation area, forest and stream. Flagstone patios, tree-shaded outdoor living area with large fireplace. Large great room with fireplace. Open plan keeping, breakfast and kitchen (newly renovated with 45 sq ft marble-topped Webber-Coleman built island/farmhouse sink. Formal dining and study/living/music room off large entry. Private hallway from study to bright and spacious Master with large whirlpool bath/heated bathroom floors. .Double-paned glassed sun room. Newly refinished hardwood.. Terrace level with high ceilings, crown moldings, 2 large living and game areas, a Master-sized guest bedroom w/ full bath and walk in closet. View and natural light from 10 windows.
This is a placeholder page for Derek Brooks, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Derek Brooks.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Derek Brooks. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Derek Brooks. We created this page automatically in hopes Derek Brooks would find it. If you are not Derek Brooks, but are an alumni of Atoka High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Atoka High School	of Atoka, Oklahoma
This is a placeholder page for Joan Barton, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Joan Barton.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Joan Barton. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Joan Barton. We created this page automatically in hopes Joan Barton would find it. If you are not Joan Barton, but are an alumni of Atoka High School, register on this site for free now.
As a means to triumph within the assessment you can follow a few English GCSE tips that might aid them result better. As theres much theoretical as well as useful elements to training its important that students ensure that they do a decent job. As training demands pupils to distribute written educational documents, its critical to develop a suitable understanding of composing them effectively. Different training has different options for authorship. GCSE coursework is an essential element of students lives. Under no circumstances should pupils utilize the net in addition to the pieces of coursework which are available there. When students are revising all their GCSE areas, its significant to pick modification contents which will enable quick and efficient revision for each subjects test. Besides these benefits, by heading through a few examples they will have the ability to kickstart their own creativity and thoughts that can help come up with a suitable coursework. Seemingly, lessons should be intended to fulfill the requirements of most pupils.
There are a lot of Language GCSE suggestions which may in fact aid pupils to outcome better. The most essential trick is the fact that syntax never ought to be blown off. Chances might function as the complimentary moment you might have or the milieu that you are examining inside. Research abilities are just the many skills you might have to have the opportunity to analyze efficiently. Problem solving abilities are essential regardless of the area which you are studying and actually if you are not examining in any way The manual starts by showing you just how to establish an appropriate study environment. The the fact is that there Essays-online.biz Epivir-hbv price are various on-line checks offering beneficial model practice tests for students. Indeed, they can be the 2nd chief source within a schoolroom. When students may recognize what distracts their attention out of the principal aims whiles in school, they have an inclination to ensure success in their school exams.
Exercise is a fantastic solution to fight anxiety. Study FeedbackEveryone knows that research is a complex process which calls for numerous distinct jobs, activities as well as approaches to understand new wisdom and abilities. The surroundings which you are examining in may have an vital influence on your capacity to modify efficiently. In any event, perform experience is just about the most important initial part of turning into a journalist. If I was driven to create a selection, Id usually propose beginning with a neighborhood newspaper. The style where tale or essay or some item is composed additionally demands to be comprehended because this may enable the pupil to add in his or her personal viewpoints which will raise the essence of the answer. Take a Good Look At informative books collectively with story books. You ought to sense as if youre treated like the lone student on earth, and the teaching is specially tailored to your own wants together with the admissions requirements of the colleges or universities you are attempting to enter. That generally starts with the teacher completely evaluating your requirements and abilities.
Merely about any pupil might reap the benefits of specific and customized tutoring, no matter their present level of understanding and operation. To begin with, a pupil need to know that occupation of the make-up performer is extremely needed and is rather popular.
the last couple of weeks have been a horrid. Our little Radish has begun---or at least the Lord is revealing it now---to eat non-food items. According to Poison Control, in relatively small doses it's no big deal. (sigh). So, although my baby is not in immediate harm's way, she is in danger. And I can't keep her safe and she thinks she can get away with things like this. And best of all, in her eyes, I am now a liar. What I tell my kids is eating things that aren't food is dangerous. You will get very sick. Etc. I would never want my kids to be in the hospital or hurting! EVER! But, seriously, I am in shock. Who knew something this serious would have no natural consequence? ugh. Honestly, I am fearful of not being able to protect her from herself, that her behavior would hurt/influence her siblings and that she isn't getting better. And I am angry. Not righteously. Sinfully angry at the disruption to the family, at her for her choices, and at, well, maybe even the Lord for not making it all go away. It is not right, but I'll tell you because we want to be authentic with you.
So tonight, I feel ill equipped and as though I want to run as far away from her and the issues and the pain that I can't take away.
but when my heart quiets in the eye of the storm, I take my sin to His throne. I am thankful for repentance, forgiveness and His mercies that are new every morning. I am reminded, "I will never leave you, nor forsake you." He does not give up on us, ever. No matter what. Even when we reject Him, or push Him away or sin against Him. No matter the consequences or the discipline He needs to give us. He always hopes and always pursues. Thank you, Lord, for so tangibly loving me in my own attachment disorder with You. I have so far to go, too. Teach me how to love this child, point her to You, and help heal her heart.
And just as He will never leave us or forsake us, we can never leave or forsake them...even though, dang it, there are too many moments when it would be so much easier.
As awful as it sound, I'm sure you wish that her choices would lead her to a night of puking, not enough to really hurt her but enough to recognize how yucky that is. What about do a bit of reverse pyschology? Next time it happens you say to your other two in ear shot of said child "I'm guessing you're tired of so and so doing the wrong thing and getting Mama's attention for it. Since you've done the right thing and not put yucky stuff in your mouths, I have a treat for your mouths." and then you provide a few M and M's or other small treat. Just a thought... Press on, press on, you can love her even when she is unlovable.
Wow. It is nice to find your blog. My son (adopted from foster care at age 5) is soooo hard to love and we have had him for three years. I sometimes wish I could go back and change my mind. The SW's did not tell us about RAD. They lied to us about his past and the past of his sister whom we also adopted at age 6. I am saddened everyday and have NO JOY in being his mother. I hate myself for that.
Kayla-yep! totally. We did that the other night with my special candy cane popcorn because of what we had been subjected to all night.
Texas Lisa-We are so sorry to hear of your struggles. We don't have all the answers, but certainly hope we can be a place of encouragement as you persevere. Please let us know if there is something specifically we can discuss or pray for you about.
Feel free to leave anonymous comments. We know how intimidating and frightening navigating this territory can be. You are not alone...and chances are...you're probably not crazy.
We are not experts. We are not offering professional advice, diagnosis or support. We are merely two families (friends) sharing our experiences, what the Lord has revealed to us and a shoulder to help bear others' burdens.
*Superficially charming and engaging, particularly around strangers or those who they feel they can manipulate
There is no such thing as tough love. Love is kind, love is compassionate, love is tender.  Heather Wolf, Kipnuk the Talking Dog
I wanted to reach out and stroke her, to be gentle and tender towards her. Take care of her.  James Lusarde, The Lady Loves to Strip
If you want the naked beauty of my vulnerability, you have to have the strength to share the burden of, the private pain, that makes me feel so tender and fragile. For i am as strong, as i am, weak.  Continue reading 
Picnics are very dear to those who are in the first stage of the tender passion.  Arthur Conan Doyle
This is what it means to be loved when someone wants to touch you, to be tender  Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake
Min Price : No Minimum $10,000 $20,000 $30,000 $40,000 $45,000 $50,000 $55,000 $60,000 $70,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $275,000 $300,000 $325,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,250,000 $2,500,000 $2,750,000 $3,000,000 $3,500,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $6,000,000 $8,000,000 $10,000,000
Max Price : No Maximum $10,000 $20,000 $30,000 $40,000 $45,000 $50,000 $55,000 $60,000 $70,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $275,000 $300,000 $325,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,250,000 $2,500,000 $2,750,000 $3,000,000 $3,500,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $6,000,000 $8,000,000 $10,000,000
The data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the Broker ReciprocitySM program of the South Jersey Shore Regional Multiple Listing Service. Real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than AtTheBeach.com, Inc. are marked with the Broker ReciprocitySM logo or the Broker ReciprocitySM thumbnail logo (a little red house) and detailed information about them includes the name of the listing brokers.
NOTE - IDX Listings that are rentals, or without address displayed or NOT included in IDX display ARE NOT available on this site!
The data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the Broker ReciprocitySM program of the Cape May County Multiple Listing Service. Real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than AtTheBeach.com, Inc. are marked with the Broker ReciprocitySM logo or the Broker ReciprocitySM thumbnail logo (a little red house) and detailed information about them includes the name of the listing brokers.
Disclaimer: All data relating to real estate for sale on this page comes from the Broker Reciprocity (BR) of the Ocean County Board of Realtors Listing Service. All listings shown include the name of the listing company. Neither the listing company nor the featured/displaying office or agent shall be responsible for any typographical errors, misinformation, misprints and shall be held totally harmless. The Broker providing this data believes it to be correct, but advises interested parties to confirm any item before relying on it in a purchase decision. All properties are subject to prior sale, changes, or withdrawal. Copyright 2008 Ocean County Board of Realtors Multiple Listing Service, Inc. All rights reserved.
To be humble and accept that life is an experience. To continue to be inspired by life and driven by soul, for the good of our own life, that of our patients, and that of the world in which we live in.
All Australian product companies  Households as employers and service producting activities of households for own use  Bartrac
Bartrac full data: finance, accounts, vacancies. Download bank accounts, tenders, credit history, taxes and fees Bartrac.
Read all comments for Bartrac. Leave a respond Bartrac in social networks. Bartrac on Facebook and Google+
Bartrac is Australian proprietary company. This firm was registered on 2015-12-17 and was issued with the 872311401 ACN. Its Australian Business Number is 71482238772. Since 2015-12-17, the company is headquartered in Queensland. The previous headquarters were located in 89 Butler Street, Tully, QLD 4854. Bartrac was registered for the GST on 2015-12-17. In total the company used 1 trading name. Category of Bartrac is a Agricultural Equipment. We found 0 trademarks that mention this company.
Feedback: @blogmarks on Twitter Designed & supported by Upian Traffic Analytics by Access Watch  2004-16 the blogmarks.net team
There is absolutely nothing in the world that compares to holding your new baby. The bond and draw you feel knowing that they are just as much a part of you as your own two hand. The countless hours you spend carefully studying your babys face and every single detail you can find about them never seems to lose its first-time wonderment. It is exciting to feel the embrace of your child and your partner as two have all of a sudden become in a flash both one and three.
As an only child myself, I breathed a sigh of fulfillment that I would never again have to worry about growing old alone. While I think everyone has this fear from time to time, it is a fleeting but constant fear through an on only childs life that they will be left alone by accident or fate. I find that I can barely remember what my life was like without my daughter. She is only now turning eight weeks old and I feel like these last few months have been simultaneously the longest and shortest periods Ive ever experienced in my life.
On one hand I am amazed that he is growing so fast and barely have time to enjoy one moment to the next before it changes, while on the other I am so excited to see her grow up and learn about her world that I almost cant sleep at night! Sometimes at night I wake up to her soft cooing and in my drowsiness almost startle to the realization that she is no longer a figment of my childhood dreams, but a living breathing human being lying in a bassinet not feet from my bed. It almost scares me to get up and look, fearing that somehow this all had been a dream and I had imagined it all. It all feels so surreal. I feel like she has always been there waiting for her time to come into the world. I find it fascinating to think that when I was in my own mothers womb, I had my daughters egg already inside of me, and within that egg the key to my family history and the sequence that will eventually make up my grandchildren.
I dont think that you can understand the feeling of being caught in a single moment while at the same time feeling stretched across the ages until you yourself become a parent. I found my thoughts dancing over all of the nights my mother had waited up for me to come home, and all the mistakes I had made as a teenager that in one way or another hurt my family. All of those nights that I came home late and dismissed my mothers worry and frustration with me all of a sudden came around full circle. What would I feel like if my daughter had not come home on time? Will I now be the one losing sleep waiting for the door to click open and heave a sigh of relief when the door quietly squeaks? Will I pretend that I am asleep to cover up the fact that I had been up late worrying? Will I get up and stand in my doorway as she comes upstairs to her bedroom to ask her if she is all right?
I find myself singing the same songs my mother used to lull me to sleep with, and comforting her with the same loving touch I always savored before bedtime. No matter how much you may feel like you are different from your parents, there is never a time that you feel so completely molded in their image as when you have your own child. Seeing my father hold her for the first time tonight was truly the perfect gift I could have received for Christmas. I stepped back as he pulled her into his arms and smiled down at her, her eyes lighting up as she peered up at his face as a smile grew across her lips.
All I could think about was how I used to be that small baby girl in his arms that he was smiling down at, and now I am watching him hold the baby that will carry on in his likeness and memory years after he is gone. He paused for a moment and looked up at me and softly smiled, only remarking that I would always be his little girl even if Im not so little any more. I bit back tears and smiled back, replying that he would always be my daddy and he was going to be the best poppy in the world. After his near-fatal cancer scare earlier this year, I am so thankful that he is here with us to experience the birth of his grand daughter and relish in the quiet completeness that only a baby can bring to your heart.
Happy holidays to everyone celebrating their first Christmas with a new family, and to those dreaming of the Christmases to come, enjoy the love and warmth the togetherness allows us to experience and remember to make your memories count. Please comment back to this post and tell me what your perfect Christmas gift or moment was this year and a little bit about yourself so that we can spread the holiday cheer here at babiesonline.com!
Enter your baby's birth or due date for fun facts including baby's birthstone, birth flower, horoscope, graduation date, "this day in history" and much more!
In an article about memory in the current New York Review of Books, Oliver Sacks displays a surprising myopia for someone who is generally sensitive to complexity and appreciative of case-based evidence. Dr. Sacks repeats the same fallacies about recovered memory that advocates for the False Memory Syndrome Foundation have long promoted. Sacks, who refers to so-called recovered memories, seems to think that because some recovered memories are false, none are true. The archive of over 100 corroborated cases of recovered memory at this site was created to counter that misconception.
Dr. Sacks also describes some of the well-known research that demonstrates that eyewitness testimony can be inaccurate. No doubt that is true. But no reasonable person takes that evidence to mean that eyewitness testimony can never be true! Nor would any reasonable person argue that eyewitness testimony should not be admitted in court unless it is corroborated by other sources. But that is precisely the position that false-memory partisans take about recovered memories. Dr. Sacks apparently has a similar view. One wonders why. (If Dr. Sacks disagrees with these extremists, we hope that he will clarify his position in the future.)
What is most disappointing about Sacks article is his credulous acceptance of the claims that there were thousands of cases of false memory in the 1990s. Remarkably, Dr. Sacks employs the phrase almost epidemic without substantiation of any sort. As it turns out, the evidence for that claim is beyond flimsy. It generally stems from surveys of those who claim that other people have experienced false memory. There are obvious reasons why the people answering such surveys might be dishonest. Evidence from the person supposedly afflicted with this syndrome is never included, violating the principles that created the Goldwater Rule. Would Sacks accept an estimate of the number of false convictions in criminal court that was based entirely on a survey of prisoners? Would he diagnose someone as having a neurological disorder (his field of expertise) without ever examining the patient? Assertions about thousands of cases of false memory suffer from both of these problems. For further elaboration, see this critique.
Of course memory is fallible. Who has ever claimed otherwise? Indeed, those claiming to be victims of false memory might be the ones who are misremembering the past, although curiously that possibility is never raised by false-memory partisans. (Their memories are apparently the ones that they consider infallible.) But one would hope that a doctor like Oliver Sacks would not extend the simple idea that memory is fallible to reach one-sided conclusions that ignore the case evidence and peer-reviewed studies about recovered memory. One would also hope that a doctor would never invoke the word epidemic without actual scientific evidence.
There was a powerful article in the Sunday New York Times Magazine on January 27 about the devastating effects of child pornography on victims whose images have been spread around the world on the Internet. It is the kind of article that would seem to generate only sympathy and concern for victims. But the National Center for Reason and Justice proved otherwise. This Orwellian-named organization used the occasion to question whether real harms occurred and to smear Dr. Joyanna Silberg, one of the therapists named in the article. In a letter to the New York Times, published on the NCRJ website, the president of the organization, defense lawyer Michael Snedeker, claimed that Joyanna Silberg, the therapist of one young woman in the story, is notorious for advocating the debunked myth of satanic ritual child abuse. Snedeker also asserted that obsessive attention paid to victims can paradoxically make their feelings of trauma worse, or even cause them in the first place. He closed by expressing concern about giving pseudoscientific, dangerous therapists another gravy train.
These statements are wrong in every particular. Dr. Silberg is not even the therapist for the woman she mentions in the story! That woman lives in another city. Dr. Silberg merely conducted assesments for the purpose of litigation. Dr. Silberg did not receive a percentage of any legal judgments, nor has she received any payment other than the set fees for conducting an evaluation. The insinuation that she may have engaged in therapy that made the woman worse is beyond false, it is defamatory. It is also a claim that defies common sense. It is clear from the article that what Snedeker calls feelings of trauma were hardly caused by the therapists in this case. They were caused by the appalling actions of those who took these images and disseminated them. Moreover, Dr. Silberg has never advocated or endorsed anything pertaining to satanic ritual abuse. Instead, she is apparently a target for these smears because she has spoken up for victims of sexual abuse through the Leadership Council on Child Abuse & Interpersonal Violence.
There is real irony in the fact that an organization that claims to worry about false accusations would levy several of their own. One can only speculate why the NCRJ is so threatened by an article about victims of child pornography that it would make such baseless claims. Whatever the reason, their response reveals a great deal about their true values.
Lawyer-linguists for the Council/Parliament with Danish, Dutch, English, Irish or German as their main language
Lawyer-linguists for the Court of Justice with German, Latvian, Dutch or Portuguese as their main language
The validity of a number of reserve lists for competitions organised by EPSO has been extended. Please find herewith an updated information concerning all active reserve lists. The end date of the lists may be extended in the future. Non-extension of validity of reserve lists: As the validity of a number of other reserve lists()
Assistants in different fields The list of successful candidates for this competition was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29/01/2015. Full information on this competition is available by clicking on the navigation bar above and at http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/eu-careers.info/assistants/assistants-2013/ast3-2013/
Assistants in different fields Publication of Assessment centre and final competition results in the candidates EPSO accounts: 10/12/2014 Number of candidates on the reserve list: Accounting / Financial Management: 54 Economy / Finance: 33 Legal Matters: 30 The reserve list will be published in the Official Journal around a month after the publication of the()
Assistants in different fields You are reminded that the work and deliberations of all selection boards are confidential and it is forbidden for any person who is not a member of the board to make any attempt to contact a board member; only candidates exercising the rights of appeal which are open to them may()
Assistants in different fields  EPSO/AST/129/13 Invitation to the Assessment Centre published in the candidates EPSO accounts: 07/08/2014 Assessment Centre sessions will be held as follows (final date to be confirmed): see table Number of candidates invited to the Assessment Centre : see table Grade AST 3 Field Accounting/Financial Management Field Economy/Finance Field Legal Matters()
Admission results published for the assistants competitions (AST 3) EPSO/AST/129/13  Updated 14/08/2014
Publication of admission results in candidates EPSO accounts: 3/07/2014 Minimum score needed in the admission tests1 to be invited to the Assessment Centre: Field 1 = Accounting/Financial Management = 92.632 Field 2 = Economy/Finance = 92.009 Field 3 = Legal Matters = 92.667 Number of candidates invited to the Assessment Centre: Field 1 = Accounting/Financial()
Assistants in different fields  EPSO/AST/129/13 The Case study for this competition will take place in test centres in the 28 EU member states and is planned on: ACCOUNTING/FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT: 03/09/2014 ECONOMY/FINANCE: 03/09/2014 LEGAL MATTERS: 03/09/2014 For the EPSO/AST/129/13 competition the process of neutralisation, verification and validation of results has in fact taken more time()
Due to an unforeseen and serious technical incident (broken water line) at Brussels test centre on Saturday, 22/03/2014, some EPSO candidates could unfortunately not take their tests as planned. These candidates will of course be reinvited to sit their tests. Prometric will contact all candidates individually as soon as possible by phone or by e-mail()
Information to candidates who changed their test appointment: There are currently issues with the update of booking confirmations after rescheduling the test appointment. Our colleagues are working on it and we will keep you informed as soon as the issue is solved. For detailed information on your test appointment, dont hesitate to contact Prometric via()
Assistants in different fields EPSO/AST/129/13 Computer-based admission tests  most important points to remember Dear candidates, Please find here some tips for your computer-based tests. Good luck for your tests! Most important points to remember before you go to the test centre:  Arrive at least 30 minutes in advance.  The address of the()
So I actually have a good excuse for not posting for a while. I have been working on a new blog about seeking financial flexibility based on practical and biblical insight. Its called Pretend to Be Poor. Please check it out! http://www.pretendtobepoor.com/welcome
2. What an ungrateful person I am. Recently I realized that I use moody as a euphemism for what is really ingratitude.
But let me back up. While I dont believe God ordains every detail of our lives, I can certainly see how Hes used the circumstances of having childrens and even their personalities in my life.
With Simon, I wanted a baby for almost a year before having a healthy pregnancy. This was a big challenge to my sense of control and contentment. Then along came an energetic, strong-willed, and quintessential boy who has not gone out of his way to make me look like a good parent. He is a very fun and good-natured kid, but his classic toddler tantrums and defiance have saved me from judging other who also failed to produce naturally compliant children, on the other hand, was (TMI alert) conceived on-demand, delivered quickly, and immediately exuded an aura of peace and sweetness, at least in my maternal view. And she generally been a content and peaceful babyby day, and a screaming little terror by night. If I began to think I could control toddler tantrums and conception of my children, I now had a new barrier to controla baby who would not comply with my nap and nighttime sleep expectations, no matter how rigidly I followed the recommended training methods. But youve spent enough time this year reading about these over-stated woes and my out-of-proportion angst.
What Im getting is that Jane was a complete doll at her birthday party, as she has been since birth. Though confused, she didnt cry when everyone sang to her. She just looked around trying to figure it all out, kind of the same way she looked when she first opened her eye for those five minutes at a time as a newborn. She loved the smash cake and, rather than getting hyper afterward like her brother did, sort of zoned out briefly while processing the record sugar intake. She sat still on my lap to open all her gifts and even broke her boycott from taking steps to show off her skills. She let everyone hold her and never put up a fuss about anything.
Afterward I reflected on how much Ive complained and struggled with her sleep stuff this year and felt like a brat. I have such a happy, healthy baby and we have so much fun togetherwho I am to complain? But rather than bewailing my bad attitude, I decided to just be grateful. Its so fitting that Jane is a Thanksgiving baby because I have everything to be thankful for about her. I got a baby exactly when I wanted one, shes the type of baby who makes you want to have more babies, (as per a friend with 5surely shes had a few of this type too!), and shes just ridiculously cute. Lately she likes to take my hand to make me feel the textured spots in her touch and feel books. She also gives kisses to her friends, family, and stuffed animals and is starting to hold phones and phone-shaped objects to her ear. She loves to take snuggle breaks in between playing and gets so excited when Neil gets home. It appears shes learned how to go down the stairs and dismount furniture backwards, though she cant be trusted for consistency. As soon as I bring her a scrambled egg she starts blowing on it.
Even though she still isnt sleeping through the night, I feel like Ive survived something, and Im grateful for that, too. The first year is a special but tough one. Now Im excited to see my baby to become a little girl, whatever that entails. At least I dont have to worry about doing her hair for a while! I know hindsight is 20/20, but instead of focusing on what shes not doing or what I cant control, I hope this Thanksgiving baby can be her ungrateful mamas much-needed reminder to give thanks.
The past month has been nuts (my new favorite word). We went on a fun-filled family vacation. Usually we vacation with other families but this was just the four of us. We headed to Dayton for a free hotel stay with the warmest pool ever and went to the Air Force Memorial Museum the next day. So. Many. Planes. I dressed for the August weather but the museum was so frigid I almost broke through the display glass to steal one of the old snowsuits on display. The B-2 stealth bomber was awesome, though, and so stealthy you really almost couldnt see it right there in front of you.
From there we headed to a campground near Cincinnati. We shopped at Jungle Jims, an international supermarket, and tried jackfruit for the first time. We also visited a farm park, the Cincinnati zoo, and Entertrainment Junction, the worlds largest indoor model train track. This elaborate chronology of the American railroad was surrounded with an intricate, miniature world. After paying almost $30 in admission for Neil and me (2 & under free, and Simon made the cut by 2 days!), we could barely get Simon out of the lobbys gift shop, where a train table had him at first chug. Simon was far more enamored with the playroom, which included several train tables, one with a craner as he called the magnetic crane, and a play steam engine in which you could fake shovel fake coal from one side to the other. (Has anyone else ceased to be embarrassed by calling trains choo-choos in adult company?)
He demonstrated similar perseveration at the (thank God!) much smaller firefighter museum. He spent nearly the entire time in the display cab of a modern engine, subjecting the other visitors to a barrage of lights and sirens made accessible to his ilk.
Four days after we returned from camping, we hosted Simons third birthday party. Or more accurately, we came home with a car full of crap and mounds of dirty laundry, plus a sick & teething infant, an almost-threenager, and two very dirty parents, none of whom had slept well in five days. And the party was no small affair. Over fifty guests were invited for his first-ever and last-for-quite-a-while fiesta with friends. Not to mention when your invite the family, youd better clean, though when you invite a dozen preschoolers, youd better not clean. I was really trying not to let a 3-year-olds party consume my life. There were no decorations, we ordered pizza, and Neils mom made a cake. But there are always those last minute details. Id say the party was a success: a fire engine piata, squirt gun favors, a 2-liter-shooting rocket, and no broken bones.
The next day, Neil left for almost a week in Chicago. We supposed to camp again the day after his return, but instead we attended a wake. We went camping for one night and returned for Neil to attend another wake-like function. Nothing like a funeral-camping sandwich to wrap up your summer. Labor Day was fun, with a last-minute birthday dinner for Neil with our friends, and the next day he was teaching a workers meeting for our Bible study, which, in the midst of all this chaos, is splitting into two meetings (which is good, but also required some planning time & meetings).
But what Neil didnt know was that the meeting was doubling as a surprise party for him. So I scurried about with post-camping laundry & party shopping & cake-baking. I didnt think through a lot of details until the day of since I just didnt have time. But I pulled it off. He taught, there was a little discussion & communion & prayer, and then his man-bff Mark pulled him outside to talk to him. Mark suggested I do this as a way to transition to the surprise party, but I suspected Neil would just tell me it could wait till later. Mark was the perfect candidate since he is intense, always has something important to talk about, and Neil wouldnt put him off. When he came back in, surprise! There were balloons and friends yelling at him, following by cake & singing, and a nacho bar. He was surprised and impressed and concluded I must actually love him. (Apparently I had never thrown him a birthday party before.)
But were not done yet. That weekend Neil & Mark traveled to Columbus for a seminary class. Oh, and they found out Thursday night theyd be teaching at the annual baptisms Sunday afternoon. Saturday I took the kids to Neils grandpas 97th birthday where Jane met her extended family for the first time. A few hours after we got home we discovered Simon had the dreaded hand, foot, and mouth disease (HFMD). Though rarely serious, it is extremely contagious for a week (see Quaratine). Luckily Jane was infected straightawayhow could she not beso our week sentence ended promptly. I emerged briefly from quarantine Tuesday to teach our final home church meeting before splitting.
What did I learn? During the busy weekend of multiple wakes & upcoming teachings & meetings I thought, When are things going to get back to normal? But I already knew the answer. In this world, there will always be an overwhelming amount of needs. As much as I enjoy and sometimes need quiet moments with a book, I cant live for those, because thats not what life is about. The harvest is plentiful and the workers are few, Jesus said at the original workers meeting, and later, The poor will always be with you. When things are normal, Im sure I dont even notice, or I feel stressed anyway.
I tried to enjoy this quarantine more even though we missed our friends and normal activities. We are busy and on the go a lot and this was a rare chance to slow down, snuggle, play in the yard, bake bread, and even clean the house a bit.
I also get frustrated about missing our usual Bible teaching and times of fellowship. During the two meetings that someone wasnt sick I was scheduled for babysitting duty. Before having kids, I thrived on these frequent times to hear the Word and enjoy friends. When I first became a mom I struggled with how much I missed out on; it almost felt wrong. (However, I am very grateful for the many people who have babysat for us to participate in meetings, retreats, and youth ministry.) The truth is, if my walk with God depends only on external structures, its time for me to depend more on Him. Maybe being a mom is a little like being a missionary who is isolated from other believers. People in that situation have to rely on God more than ever, relating directly and continuously to Him. Part of my quarantine company was Tim Kellers The Reason for God. Yum. (Thats a whole nother blog.)
Almost as soon as we re-entered society, I realized our fall schedule might be a little too ambitious once we factor in errands & play dates. Its all optional, though, and sadly Jane produced some HFMD blisters on her back after being symptom free for most of a week. So weve settled in until our next outing, where well no doubt catch some other contagion. #fhfmd #seeunever
So Im turning 29, which means I only have only 11 years left to worry about getting my first colonoscopy, hopefully. Im sure tomorrow will be just another day, but I had an awesome weekend of birthday pre-gaming. Though it started badly, like so:
We had seven people over for dinner and in the middle of munching tacos I remembered something Id been meaning to ask Neil. Now anyone normal would save this for later, but Id been forgetting all week, and we had people over three out of the last four dinners, so I just went for it.
Whats that bike doing in your car? After several times of driving the Focus I realized that the bike in the back wasnt neon yellow-green, and therefore was not his.
Oh, is that my birthday present? I am so brilliant. I dont want a bike for my birthday. Okay, not so brilliant.
Neil indicated we needed to cut off the conversation, and I shoved some chips in my mouth along with my foot. Who says they dont want their birthday present in front of a group of people? A two-year-old? Big mistake. I kind of dont want your hobby for my birthday, I thought, but we had already talked about how I need a bike so we can bike as a family. And I hadnt given him any good ideas, except new jeans, which I went ahead and bought myself when I found some on clearance. So just put me down as a spoiled brat.
Mostly Im afraid to ride a bike on the street because I never really did growing up, although I always wanted to. So heres my chance. I decided Id learn to love my new bike, and I already have, but well get to that in a minute.
Friday, Neil lined up a babysitter (his mom) and took me to our favorite Indian restaurant. The service & naan have never been better, and we had a fun time chatting after all that bike tension. We also took a walk through the park and relaxed at a wine bar. The next day we took our first family bike ride, mainly on the bike & hike path. As Neil promised, riding a bike feels like freedom. The weather was beautiful & we stopped at a little pond with a deck and watched the ducks and a blue heron. We never wouldve found this peaceful spot a mile from our house in our car. Jane snored away in the bike trailer with her snotty little nose. Simon kept shutting the little gate so animals wont get in. We hit the playground on the way back, and I stopped at a garage sale. Alone! I never go to garage sales because their car seats are such a hassle.
Sunday Neil (& Jane) let me sleep in. After breakfast I rushed to Target to buy a mom bathing suit top (i.e. tankini) before going to my family pool party. This was a very relaxing experience with two children in tow. Simon was detaching bikini straps & throwing them into the aisle, yelling Pinetoins! (dont ask) & sneaking behind the mirror in the corner to some forbidden nook, and trying to push Jane around in the stroller at breakneck speed. But at 29 and with two kids, it was time to stop rocking the hand-me-down string bikini top. Its also a little dangerous while swimming with a nursing baby, if you know what I mean. The weather was perfect and some of our friends made it down as well. My grandma had lots of food for us and a birthday cake, and my family acted normal. Everyone was helping with the kids and I didnt have to cook anything! So I felt very loved by everyone, and especially Neil.
FYI Im actually planning to turn 30 instead of 29 again next year. I love the poem Rabbi Ben Ezra by Robert Browning, which begins:
Well see if I feel the same in 10 or 20 or 30 years. But the real question is, what should I get Neil for his birthday? Some vic-chic-lit? A Zumba DVD? Do I even have hobbies other than keeping people alive right now? I cant remember.
Sometimes, like almost every night, I ask myself, Why does Jane have to wake up & cry for an hour and a half? Ive pretty much given up on actually figuring out why she does this, since every theory I can fathom gets debunked, so this question really means: Why am I so unlucky to have to put up with this?
But if I was feeling less self-pity (which is rare), I might ask myself, Why do I have such a beautiful, sweet baby who is pleasant 22.5 hours of the day? Why does she love to sing and dance, already at 8 months? Why does she laugh when I kiss her tummy or play peek-a-boo? Why does she have an adorable little dimple when she chews or purses her lips? Why does she think Simon is so hilarious? Why does she smile every time she sees her daddy? Why does she smile & rest her head on me every time she sees someone new? Why does she have such tiny hands and feet? Why does entertain herself so easily? Why is she so flexible when were out and about? Why do Cheerios make her so cheery?
Cause she is. And this is why she has to wake up and cry, I guess. Although Id like her to sleep through the night, I wouldnt want any other baby. Im sure Id feel the same way about any baby we could have had, but we had Jane, and Im so glad we did.
So I had a revelation, and here it is: Jane is a precious, time-sensitive commodity who is almost always happy, so who cares if she doesnt sleep?
This is just another way of saying what Ive been telling myself (and being told by others) all along: theyre only this little once, so just try to enjoy them.
But you see, no one comes to tell you this at your house at 4 am when the baby has been screaming for over an hour. In fact, I dare someone to.
Back to the epiphany. I might have had this thought because she occasionally sleeps through the night now, and its easier to think rationally and optimistically when youre getting sleep. But perhaps the deeper revelation was that I live in a world of ideas & theories where Im not basing how to handle my baby so much on my experience and knowledge of Jane, but on a forecast of how my actions today will affect the next 2-5 years of my life. In searching for solutions, I inadvertently memorized quotations from The Baby Whisperer, Baby Wise, Ferber, mothers, mothers-in-law, you name it. And of course they dont all say the same thing, so theres ample guilt connected with any approach, if youre one for guilt (I am).
One day, she got up early from her nap (again), and I knew she was not going to go back to sleep. I thought, I could let her cry for X amount of minutes, but Id be doing that because Im afraid she wont take a good nap when shes two. So why dont we just live in the moment for once? Stop quoting all these stupid quotes to yourself and just think about how she is going to be perfectly happy until bedtime, and well have fun playing together before Simon gets up. Shes a baby, and being (or having) a baby is such a short time period in your life, so why waste it angsting over future nap scenarios? Sometimes its hard to even remember Simon being a baby, and that was only a couple years ago. People long for babies, they look forward to having one, and when its over, they want to hang around other peoples babies because its such a short, special time. YOU HAVE A BABY! I told myself. SO GO ENJOY YOUR BABY! (If you dont enjoy her enough you might be crazy enough to have another one!)
And, I continued, whether I get her up now has almost nothing, and maybe has absolutely nothing, to do with what shes going to be doing a year from now. Its clearly not a free-for-all around here, as we can tell from my extreme uptightness and over-thinking of everything.
It was helpful to realize/remember about myself that Im a theories kind of girl, and theories have their place, but so does just relating to people as people and not referring to every nap or night as data. Aside from not actually being scientific, this is just plain weird.
Jane is 8 months today, crawling, eating Cheerios, blabbering, and dangerously cute. So watch out! Who knows what obvious truths I might blog about next.
Since we had to stop swaddling Jane (too hot, rolling onto tummy, frequent Houdini-like escapes) weve had a week of rough nights. I remained optimistic for the first two days. But even when Jane finally slept, I couldnt, which was almost as maddening. On night four, I threw my alarm clock (the $4 model) at the wall, startling Neil and revealing my complete lack of maturity.
During these literal dark nights of the soul, I realized once again what Ive been learning all along as a mom.
Let me clarify. We know love because He first loved us. Jesus laid down His life, by living and dying completely for others benefit, to give us what we really needed: forgiveness and freedom. So I know what love is, what it looked like and how it operates. But when it comes to loving sacrificially, like staying up most of the night with a 6-month-old for a week, I fail miserably.
Then Neil came in and offered me a night off. In fact, it wasnt an offer, it was a command. When I tried to get up with her at 5:30 am, after hed been up all night, he said, no, its my turn, go to bed. He camped in the hallway so I wouldnt be bothered by him going in and out. He turned off the monitor base so I couldnt tune in (not that I tried!).
I felt so loved by this (and slept so well), I was re-energized to handle night 6 more calmly. Neil also impressed me by being completely cheerful the next day. He helped his brother move furniture, pulled Simon in the bike trailer to go fishing, and then we attended a wedding and he pulled me onto the dance floor!
But the dark night of the soul is supposed to be about your spiritual journey to get closer to God through suffering. Its silly to even consider this real suffering, but God showed me what love looks like through Neil, who didnt seem to think his sacrifice was a big deal. And Im remembering, as I learned with Simon, that sacrifice isnt just taking care of your baby. Its serving your husband and not being a B even when youre sleep-deprived, and trying to care about and help other people, too.
Tonight when I was putting Simon to bed, he kept pointing to pictures in the book and saying, Whats that, Mom? What is that guy doing, Mom? And I got butterflies in my stomach, like the first time Neil held my hand, just thinking about how I am official. I am Mom to him and always will be. Im not just playing pretend, driving a station wagon, playing Raffi, and going to Target. Its not an extended babysitting job, its for real and I want to do my best. So heres to coming through one dark night of the soul, heading in to the next soon, no doubt (teething is imminent), and trying not to throw my alarm clock again (it survived).
Neil has been on out of town on night shift at the power plant outage all week. Of course this means Im on day and night shifts here, which is just another way of saying Im the mom, but its definitely harder with no co-workers! On day 4 Simon is starting to enrage me. He isnt listening to me, and it usually takes threats or time-out, yelling, or me dragging him to time-out (while feeding Jane) to bring about obedience. Hes also whiny, and Im trying to keep in mind that he misses Neil too. This isnt too hard to forget because every time I try to get him to do something, he cries, I want Daddy! Thank God it has been nice out so at least we can play outside and go to the playground.
So I was thinking during naptime, the only time I have uninterrupted thoughts, why am I getting so mad? I dont want to yell at him all the time. It works once in a while, but we need to save that once in a while for when hes about to run into the street. Growing up, my family yelled, slammed, and threw (soft) objects, but thats not how I want our family to work. Yet Im finding myself drawn to these tactics more and more as Simons will clashes with mine.
Also, parents represent God to their kids, and largely shape their childrens view of God, not so much by what we say about God as how we treat our children. We are the visible authority led by the invisible Authority. Since my wrath is selfish and controlling, I certainly dont want Simon getting the impression God is this way.
Plus yelling scares Jane. And Simon just laughs, yells Obey! or Dons scream, Mom! Sometimes I use this scary weird voice when Im trying to not yell, which Simon just finds hilarious (luckily).
So why am I getting so mad? Because Im trying to control him. Because I want to get something done. Like the laundry, or dishes, or getting Jane to sleep, or getting ready to go somewhere. In the moment Im baffled about why Simon wont cooperate so we can go to the playground. But of course he doesnt get it; hes only two.
My big naptime epiphany was this: my job is to teach Simon to listen. Calmly, patiently, creatively coming up with consequences for not listening, or motivation to listen. This is more important than getting the housework done, or getting to the playground five minutes faster, or even getting Jane to sleep at that exact moment. In the long run it will make all of those things easier, although Im guessing this is going to be a long process. But I cant lose this battle. Allowing him to be out of control and not follow our authority is not an option; that would just set him up for a lifetime of rebellion and unhappiness.
The truth is, there are no shifts on motherhood. Your only hope for a break is nap time (or a babysitter), and that is a hard-won battle every day! The battles are gruesome but the victories are sweet. Playing this little piggy with Simon and Jane today made it all feel worthwhile because we were all laughing and snuggling together. Motherhood is brutal and beautiful.
So Im feeling kind of stuck, mentally, as a mom. Basically I hate not being able to control my children. Which is not to say theyre out of control. They just have free will and I cant make Jane sleep through the night, and I cant make Simon clean up his blocks without lots of supervision, help, time-outs, and getting the blocks taken away. Consciously I dont think the goal of parenting is to control my children or even to produce well-behaved children. But when Simons non-compliance or Jane waking up at 2 a.m. makes me so mad, I know Im being controlling.
I love them and Im enjoying them; I know they wont be 5 months and 2 years old forever. And Im sure Ill miss these years of chubby cheeks, snuggling, and reading Cliffords Birthday Party for the millionth time. But I still find myself wondering, When will this be over? And will I ever sleep again?
I feel very unproductive. All I do is wipe butts, do laundry, do dishes, and then do it all over again. Im always cleaning yet my house is never clean. Im mostly okay with this, but something deep inside of me nags that I should be trying to accomplish something more profound than daily survival. In fact producing dinner feels like the crowning accomplishment of each day, though its usually some lame variation on spaghetti or tacos. Which I promptly devour in five minutes between giving Simon a time-out for extreme whining, and putting Jane down for a nap.
On some level I still think theres merit in trying to have a life of my own. And I suppose there is; its good for everyone that we get babysitters, go on dates, and lead Bible studies. Theres some space beyond living for yourself or living for your kids, and thats where Im trying to live. Its laying down your life for others, and Im not very good at it. But laying down your life for your kids is the ultimate training camp, because they require the most sacrifice. My friends dont call me in the middle of the night almost every night, but kids do.
Im stuck on the idea that baby sleep is a moral issue, and if my baby or toddler is waking me up all the time then I must be a bad mom with no boundaries. I think if Im laying down my life a little too much, I must not be disciplining or training or teaching them right. I hate when people ask if shes sleeping through the night because I interpret it as, So are you one of those bad moms that wont sleep train?
So thats where Im stuck. Part of me wants to say, were gonna do our best with the baby sleep and toddler obedience, without expecting too much, and its going to take a lot of sacrifice and patience. Then the other part of me is like, dont give up too much control, or your kids will be totally out of control. I know sleep is not actually a moral issue; I know teaching Simon to obey us is; I also know both are going to take a while and I didnt have kids because I wanted to sleep well, relax, have a clean house, or otherwise accomplish anything productive.
But isnt raising children the most profound accomplishment? To create beings in our image, like God did, and to hopefully shape them to be servant-leaders, as He is nothing could be more significant or refining. So when I think, when will I get my life back? I keep telling myself, this is life. All this diaper-changing, binky-ing, and time-out-giving is life because I am nurturing life. I am giving room & board & my best to Gods stewardship of life. And if I give up control & let God change me through the process then it will produce abundant life.
I also feel quite blessed to have a strong-willed toddler and a non-sleeping-through-the-night baby because otherwise Id probably judge the shit out of other parents. I learned a lot about not passing judgment from having Simon and its round two, level two with Jane. Im also quite blessed to have generally very happy, charming children who are, if I may say so, excessively and exceedingly cute!
It was crazy but fun, and Im so glad we went, though next year Im demanding we teleport. We left around 6:45 a.m. Saturday morning. At 7:20 I thought, what if Jane sleeps all day in the car and doesnt sleep at night? At 7:25 Jane woke up and didnt sleep more than 40 minutes in a row until we got to the hotel, where she slept soundly in a pack n play in the bathroom.
The next day we were almost to the campground when I realized we had no swim diapers. Sunday was to be the warmest day and we kept our beach gear accessible in the over-stuffed rental SUV with car top carrier. I planned to buy diapers there in a failed effort not to over-pack (we never wore half the clothes I brought, which were supposed to only last half the week).
Jane and I hid under the SPF 50 sunbrella tent while Simon and Neil got to work on sandcastle-building. As prophesied, Simon pooped within 30 minutes of arrival. A friend pointed out his sagging shorts and Neil nonchalantly threw some sand at the poop that inched up his back. By this time a host of our friends, also taking advantage of the beach weather, starting watching the spectacle. The litter box approach was clearly not sufficient so Neil pointed to the ocean and he and Simon ran to the water, where Neil dipped Simon in to the waist and started stirring him around.
I was going to get back in until this, one friend laughed, while everyone watched in shock and disgust.
Simons friend Miles just noticed Simons presence and started running to meet him. Wait, Miles, dont go in there! his dad yelled after him.
Simon wore those swim shorts and went barefoot until bed. The first night in the tent began well with both Simon and Jane going right to bed, though staggered. I couldnt believe I got to hang around the campfire that evening; I tried to prepare myself for camping by expecting the worst. I just want to see the ocean, I told people, and, already having accomplished that goal, I figured it would all be downhill from there. Simon did wake up Jane (& everyone) in the middle of the night, and it took about 3 hours to get them & me settled down and sleeping. Nothing some strong coffee didnt fix in the morning.
We were too busy to feel how tired we were that week. Neil and I each took 1 shower. We kept brushing our teeth in the car on the way to attractions like the zoo or the fort. I didnt have time to keep walking to the bathroom so I started peeing in a cup in the tent and pitching it in the woods (the guys pee there anyway, right?). I devised this strategy when it was supposed to rain all night, and I cant believe it took me 11 years of camping to come up with it. Especially when I already have baby wipes and hand sanitizer in the tent. I never took my Bible or novel out of the suitcase, whereas the last two years (with Simon), I read most of an entire book. I never put on any make-up or even did a real ponytail.
Monday was rough because Jane couldnt nap well and was crabby, and I kept trying to help her fall back asleep, but then she just got more mad. After that day I just gave up and she never took a nap longer than 40 minutes all week. Im paying the price for that this week, but there was no way around it. Simon barely napped, usually in the car for half an hour on the way back from sightseeing. I had an (also prophesied) why did we come here? moment to Neil on Monday, but acted more despairing than I actually felt. I attended the campfire again that night so actually the trip was far exceeding my expectations.
Monday we went to Walmart for groceries and supplies and spent $50 more than last year, and perhaps more than necessary, and bemoaned this all week to each other because were so cheap. Monday afternoon we went to see the turtle pond. The path was flooded but with the help of friends took Jane, her stroller & car seat, and Simon through the woods to get there. There we saw a bird (heron?) eating fish. Tuesday we went to the zoo and the beach, and into town for ice cream that night. Wednesday Neil took Simon to a playground with a $1 carousel and then he left for his overnight backpacking trip a.k.a. campception. Mandy had volunteered to fill in, which was basically a full-time job until they went to bed. Shes a saint. Wednesday afternoon we toured a local distillery (with the kids!) since it wasnt very warm out.
Thursday Mandy helped me take the kids over the Mullers site where Simon had a blast playing with Miles and Desmond. The Mullers are an intriguing family of seven ridiculously happy and interesting people. That afternoon when Neil got back we went to the Spanish fort with them & another family. While walking they spontaneously burst out singing, This is my commandment that you love one another, that your joy may be full! in harmony, further perpetuating the myth that they are, in fact, the perfect family. Then to the Hyppo, the gourmet popsicle shop. Simon loves popsicles but is used to the flavor-ice variety, not Starfruit or Mango Pineapple or Cranberry Cinnamon. Everyone must have been sick of hearing us moan about our Walmart overspending because both families gave us their free popsicle card.
Friday we packed up camp in gorgeous weather. It was forecasted to rain all night Saturday and we didnt want to pack in rain. We visited the Mullers site again, and got ripped off at the over-priced taco stand on our way out. Jane slept much better in the car on the way home. We left 80 degree weather and returned to freezing rain.
Camping with two little ones was extremely busy and, as far as hygiene goes, an extreme survival situation. I freaked out at the hotel about needing to shower when Jane was sleeping in the nook next to the bathroom. What the eff do you want? Neil exclaimed when I was freaking out. I want an effing shower! I replied. Do not, under any circumstances, let me leave this hotel without showering! Neil offered some solutions and then I found the light to the bathroom and took a shower while Jane continued to sleep. After breakfast Simon asked, Mom, did you take an effing shower?
Despite how hectic caring for kids while camping was, I had a really good time. I went to the campfire every night and enjoyed sharing a site with the Allies. Neil and I fought less than any previous camping trip, probably because we were so busy serving the kids. Aside from the first day Jane was her usual good-natured, sweet and happy self. Simon had a blast being a boy in the great outdoors, though hes suffering from a bad case of diaper rash and post-vacation syndrome now. Yesterday he got spanked before breakfast, didnt nap, and threw a screw into his poop (in the potty). Today he took a big bite out of a stick of butter while I was changing Janes diaper. I knew he was too quiet! But they are both sleeping now which is how I wrote this. The end.
One of the best things about my job is that I get to go somewhere new and meet interesting people every time I go to work. Friday, Feb. 25 was a prime example of an exciting, go-everywhere kind of day.  Continue reading 
Sometimes it is better to shoot with out a flash. Take the Krewe of Bonaparte Ball on Monday night. Before the ball starts I shoot people in the audience with a flash but once the ball starts I shoot without  Continue reading 
On Mardi Gras I was assigned to photograph the parade in Grand Marais in Iberia Parish. I have not been there in quit a few years but I did remember how much fun I had. The parade goers really get  Continue reading 
Ok, ok I know the title is a bad play on an already bad pun (Lin-sanity), but I figured tackiness works if Im gonna talk about Mardi Gras parades. Dont get me wrong, theyre amusingly big, bright, colorful and loudeverything  Continue reading 
Ask any photographer and they can remember most of the photos they have taken over the years so when I learned about Whitney Houston death I instantly remembered her concert in the Cajundome. The only thing I could not remember was  Continue reading 
Taking a photo of someone speaking at a lectern is extremely easy. Taking an interesting picture of someone speaking at a lectern is usually just the opposite. I recently covered a John Paul the Great Academy fund-raising gala in order  Continue reading 
Its a wet one out there. This little waddler crossing Girard Park Circle this morning reminded me to slow down on those slick roads.
This time two years ago I was getting ready to shot the Saints in the Super Bowl and was pretty excited abut it. I was at the stadium six hours before the game started and I was not the first  Continue reading 
Earlier this week, I talked about the benefits of shooting a high-scoring soccer game. Todays post is about soccer too, but this game was fun to shoot because of the sloppy, muddy, rain-soaked action (and a quick brawl). Acadiana was  Continue reading 
Soccer is almost always low-scoring. Its also somewhat difficult to photograph because of the size of the field and speed of the game. Neither, however, was the case this afternoon at STM. I got to the game about 15 minutes  Continue reading 
The photography staff at The Daily Advertiser shares their favorite photos of the day and tells you a little bit about them.
Education Itself | I am a journalist and designer with a passion for teaching and education in Southern Utah and beyond.
I just wanted to take a moment this week and share some of my thoughts on how readers received coverage by The Spectrum & Daily News of how Common Core standards are changing mathematics instruction.
First of all, I want to thank the readers who took the time to read the stories written by Samantha Sadlier, Cathy Wentz and me at the end of October and beginning of November. We had several thousand readers read our stories online and more than a thousand users took one of our math quizzes.
We also had a guest editorial written by Fred Rowley, math specialist at Iron County School District. He wrote from a similar angle, working to clear up some of the misconceptions about the Utah Common Core standards.
Ive also had several people comment that they had read the articles in the newspaper and that that they felt more educated on the subject after reading the articles and columns.
Ive had some people email me or comment on Facebook. Some of the comments were in favor of the angle we took. And others werent so favorable.
It is clear that the parents are the ones crying over math. The teachers are learning how and what to teach and most students are learning what their parents (and I) didnt learn in school. Both of todays articles were great in explaining what Common Core is and how it relates to math. Unfortunately, too many parents in southern Utah look at everything through partisan political eyes. In this case, they think that Common Core is associated with the current U.S. president, and their hatred of them (yes, it is hatred in many cases) have turned education/math issues into a political issue. The Spectrum will have to struggle with that political problem in this community, and youll probably hear a lot of negatives from your readers on this one. I hope youll hang in and not let the politicians and their supporters keep us in the inadequate past.
When I took the entrance exam to enter the U of U in 1960, I had been out of high school for 4 years. I fell off the bottom of the math ranking and had to take a remedial (non credit) class. Fortunately, it all came back to me, and the class was a breeze, but I still have problem with simple math today. I attribute that not only to forgetting most of my algebra during those four years, but also to the inadequate way in which we were taught math back then.
So Im very happy to see the Spectrum tackle this issue via these articles. Each of todays writers were gentile but firm in laying the problem at the feet of the parents who didnt learn how to learn, and now dont want to learn anything new.
If I can count the op-ed article as an example of the edgy style that (Jud) suggests for the Spectrum, Im looking forward to more.
The two articles Ray was referring to were my article that ran on the front page on Thursday, October 30, 2014, and the guest editorial written by Rowley, that same day for the Opinion page.
As I mentioned, some were not so favorable. There are still many people with views in opposition to Common Core. To be fair, I want to share the perspectives they had to share.
In my studies, I have come to the conclusion that teachers are not like manufacturers. We dont create students on assembly lines. We cant think of learning in a way of first the student does this, then the student does, then a student learns this, then a student learns that. Teaching is both an art and science. The trouble is we can become so focused on the science side of the teaching process that become assessed with a mechanical, standardized linear system of learning.
Perhaps a better metaphor for how learning works is farming, creating a climate for learning. We do not build children as learning in a methodical, linear way. Not that there isnt order to learning. But it is an organic process. A good farmer understands the science behind growing crops, but then he or she applies that knowledge to preparing the field for growth of crops.
The good farmer creates the right climate for growing. He or she then allows plants to sprout, helps them develop through the right conditions, and then eventually blossom and flourish. The farmer may even be able to grow a variety of vegetables or crops in one field or area. They understand that having a different variety of plants can help develop a diverse.
Standardized assessment has its place, but it can be used to treat students like they are on an assembly line; differentiated instruction allows us to design and develop activities and tasks that create the right classroom climate for students to grow, and the authentic assessments allow us to measure students, but account that they are all individual beings.
This video from a TED Education talk by Sir Ken Robinson, sheds light on this ideas  that we as human beings are organic creatures:
As a parent, Ive often become confused with how to navigate the resources available in the educational system in my community. I myself have learning differences, and as my children have reached school age, Ive noticed that their learning differences shape how each one views school and the learning environment.
A few years ago, I found myself in my mid-thirties facing a crossroads in my career path and also my home life. Technological advances have changed journalism quite a bit, and a few years ago, I found myself questioning my role as a copy editor at The Spectrum and what the newsroom of the future would look like.
At the same time, I found myself puzzled by questions my wife and I had on how to find the resources in the educational system that my children would need to not only survive but thrive.
Maybe I hit my mid-life crisis a little early, or maybe I was just looking for answers, but as I took on the role as a night and weekend copy editor at The Spectrum, I also went searching for answers to my other questions during the day, enrolling in some teacher education courses at Southern Utah University.
Then I started putting the pieces together. I started to discover why one of my children dodges homework assignments that appear too difficult. I started to discover why another child feels isolated because of special needs during the teenage years. Most of all I started to understand those same feelings and traits that I could identify with inside myself and started to challenge them and come to grips with them.
Some of the things Ive learned in my exploration of the public education system include the following:
Ive learned to embrace the types of books my children read. Maybe I have a bias that they should be reading the classics, or what I see in my mind as the classics. However, if I let them choose the books that interest them, I wont be as likely to drain the love of reading from them.
Ive taken courses learning about teaching English Language Learners and also about dual immersion instruction. The ideas and theories on how we acquire languages and learn new ones are astounding.
Ive learned that the mind is incredibly pliable and an amazing piece of biological engineering, and young childrens, older childrens and teenagers brains and their ability to solve problems are far more powerful than we often give them credit for most of the time.
I especially learned this by volunteering in classrooms in university-linked service programs. I watched kindergarteners and third grades come up with solutions to problems in the classroom and on the playground that I hadnt thought of before, or had forgotten because my adult mind had pushed the solution out of my mind.
Ive learned that mathematics isnt something to be feared if we take time understand it better and realize the doors of opportunity we can open up.
Ive learned that the arts and sciences dont have to compete with each other. The great thinkers and creators of this world such as Leonard da Vinci or Steve Jobs didnt dwell in just one intellectual area.
So I borrow this philosophy for this blog and the other education journalism projects I work on as part of the education community in Southern Utah.
Join me as I help connect teachers, professors, other education experts and the amazing stories brought to us by other education writers at Spectrum Media. Our mission is to help parents and other concerned members of community understand the issues and connect with research and practices that work for our students in Southern Utah.
Welcome to blogs.thespectrum.com Sites. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start blogging!
I am a journalist and designer with a passion for teaching and education in Southern Utah and beyond.
This lovely upgraded 3 bedroom and 2 bathroom condo is located on a quiet block in desirable Beverly Hills. It is near the best dining and world class shopping, as well as within the highly requested Beverly Hills school district. This condo has lots of light with a large living room and dining room leading to a balcony/patio. The kitchen and bathrooms are fully upgraded with marble and granite counter tops and custom cabinets. The master bedroom has great closet space along with his and her sinks in an attached, private bathroom. It is a secure building with controlled access. It comes with one tandem parking spot that fits two cars and has two storage spaces. Washing machine and dryer in unit.
Based on information from California Regional Multiple Listing Service, Inc. This information is for your personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties you may be interested in purchasing. Display of MLS data is usually deemed reliable but is NOT guaranteed accurate by the MLS. Buyers are responsible for verifying the accuracy of all information and should investigate the data themselves or retain appropriate professionals. Information from sources other than the Listing Agent may have been included in the MLS data. Unless otherwise specified in writing, Broker/Agent has not and will not verify any information obtained from other sources. The Broker/Agent providing the information contained herein may or may not have been the Listing and/or Selling Agent.
By registering to use this website, I agree to be contacted by a licensed Realtor regarding the purchase or sale of Real Estate.
Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin.
Loving Someone with Borderline Personality Disorder: How to Keep Out-of-Control Emotions from Destroying Your Relationship (Unabridged)
People with borderline personality disorder (BPD) can be intensely caring, warm, smart, and funny, but their behavior often drives away those closest to them. If you're struggling in a tumultuous relationship with someone with BPD, this is the book for you. Dr. Shari Manning helps you understand why your spouse, family member, or friend has such out-of-control emotions and how to change the way you can respond. Learn to use simple yet powerful strategies that can defuse crises, establish better boundaries, and radically transform your relationship. Empathic, hopeful, and science based, this is the first book for family and friends grounded in dialectical behavior therapy (DBT), the most effective treatment for BPD.
From New York Times best-selling author Lauren Layne comes a wildly sexy novel of business and pleasure.
Twenty-eight and filthy rich, Matt Cannon is the youngest broker on Wall Street. He may be a "boy wonder", but he's every inch a man. Ask any woman-any night. But when Matt's latest fling makes scandalous headlines, his clients get anxious, and his bosses at Wolfe Investments level an ultimatum: Keep his assets zipped, get a "real" girlfriend, and clean up his act. Only one woman can help Matt with something this hard.
For PR genius Sabrina Cross, the best fixer in Manhattan, playing Matt's steady is going to be a challenge, even if it's just for show. They already have an explosive history, she can't stand the cocky party boy, and worse - she can't stop thinking about him. So who will dare to break her "no touching" rule first? Because when that happens, Matt and Sabrina's game of let's pretend will get so hot it could set both their reputations on fire.
Twenty episodes from the first BBC Radio series plus an hour-long Christmas special, starring Arthur Lowe, John Le Mesurier, and Clive Dunn.
In 1973 the BBC adapted its hit TV series for radio, featuring the original TV cast and characters. Three series were broadcast between 1974 and 1976, with episodes adapted from their TV counterparts by Harold Snoad and Michael Knowles.
Now you can enjoy once again these unique recordings, with a supporting cast including John Laurie, James Beck, Arnold Ridley, and Ian Lavender. Among the 21 episodes are "The Man and the Hour", "The Battle of Godfreys Cottage", "Sgt Wilsons Little Secret", "Something Nasty in the Vault", "The Menace from the Deep", and "No Spring for Frazer."
gratz and btw this is for all > tryt o work harder...atleast from begining coz it's very hard for me and some clan members witch helped me today to get adena for upgrade clan, so will be good if u will have strong start, on 11 jully is siege,we need to get lvl's and gears coz for sure we will have strong competition,about epics will think litlebit later
CALLING ALL 1st TIME BUYERS: Sign up for our special offers and receive a 10% discount on your entire first order! SIGN UP >
Every kid has the birthday monster lurking within them. Head off trouble before the party by teaching children to identify and deal with their own birthday monsters.
Ivy lay in bed imagining her perfect birthday. And that is where all her unforgettable troubles begin.
Ivy Grace and the Birthday Monster, introduces readers to Ivy Grace, whose unkind actions make her birthday party monstrous for everyone.
Jamie Knisbeck is a fun, loving, and passionate woman who loves family, food, and gardening. Jamie lives in Wisconsin with her record loving husband, Trevor, and her two daughters: seven year old Zoie, who is full of life, and two year old Sidney, who is into everything, always with a smile.
Charlie Christman is an Illustrator/cartoonist who also works as a preschool teacher in Milwaukee, WI. He loves to share the creative process with children and finds the learning experience very rewarding. Aside from drawing and painting, he enjoys sharing his hometown by Lake Michigan with family and friends.
This set of ten cards includes the following organs: Bladder, Brain, Heart, Kidney, Liver, Lung, Ovary, Pancreas, Stomach, and Testes.
This is a video showing how the Bits of Intelligence Cards can be used. The set shown is Sea Creatures.
A Bit of Intelligence card represents one bit of information. It is made using an accurate drawing or a high-quality photograph that is large and clear. Bit of Intelligence cards are organized into categories, which allows a child to generalize about each category and relate one category to another. Each card is 11" x 11", printed in full color, and laminated to last for generations. These Bit cards allow parents to give their babies and children knowledge quickly and easily. The reverse side of each card contains ten related facts. There are 35 sets of "Bits" available from Blooming Minds but an infinite number if you make your own! For information about ideas for using the cards, please read How to Give Your Baby Encyclopedic Knowledge or How to Multiply Your Baby's Intelligence, both by Glenn Doman. Keep in mind that you don't need to follow Doman's recommendations perfectly. Just use them as a springboard for your own ideas!
The Gentle Revolution Press is the official publisher of books and teaching materials by Glenn Doman and The Institutes for the Achievement of Human Potential. Glenn Doman is the founder of The Institutes for the Achievement of Human Potential and the author of the books in the Gentle Revolution Series. His groundbreaking book How To Teach Your Baby To Read, published in 1964, introduced the concept that tiny children can and want to learn, and that parents are their best teachers. The books in the Gentle Revolution Series contain the whys and hows of teaching your child. The Gentle Revolution teaching materials are designed for use with the programs described in the books and DVDs.
Restaurants and Dining Guide for Aurora, IL - 12 restaurants found in Aurora, IL starting with "D". Find a restaurant in Aurora, IL and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make restaurant reservations, read and write restaurant reviews. If you are a business owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide.
Wondering how to make your splash in the sea of service providers in the market today? Its true what they sayit really is all about customer service. Here are some tips to keeping your customers happy and returning for more of the service you provide:
Be friendly.Remember that when a customer hires your company, they are not just paying for the service; theyre paying for you. Of course, they expect the job to be done right, but they also expect you and your employees to be friendly, courteous, and respectful in each and every correspondence and point of contact you make with them. From the secretary who answers the phone when they call to make an appointment to the person who shows up at their door to provide the service, they expect smiles, greetings, and common courtesy. Think of this as an integral part of the service youre providing, and youll be giving yourself and your business a leg-up on the competition.
Be professional.No matter what service you are providing to your customer whether it be a manicure, a house cleaning, or a septic tank service, you and your employees should conduct themselves with professionalism at all times. This means dressing appropriately and professionally, managing communication with the customer politely and effectively, and handling the customers possessions with care and respect. If you are good at what you do, but fail to exude professionalism, your business will suffer as a result.
Be dependable. Make sure your customers can depend on you to provide services when you say you will. For instance, if you state that your office hours are from 10-5 everyday, dont leave at 4:45 because if and when the phone rings, you will likely have lost a customer. If you promise to provide a specific service, no matter how small, make sure that it is done and done right every time. Keep your appointments, and never be late. If youre reliable and dependable, your customers wont have the need to call your competitors.
Guarantee your services. Give your customers confidence in their decision to hire you by guaranteeing your services. You can either offer them a money-back guarantee if theyre dissatisfied for any reason, or at the very least, assure them that you will make right on any mistake or less-than-quality service. If they know you stand by your work, then theyll feel much more comfortable paying you for your service.
Offer a competitive price.Even if you offer impeccable service in a dependable and professional way, your business may still find itself gasping for air if you dont offer a competitive price. Do your homework and find out what other service providers in your area and in your niche are charging, and then match or beat their price. Starting out, you should offer the lowest price you can while still turning a profitat least until you build your brand, your reputation, and your customer base.
Follow-up.To maintain your customer base, you need to be sure to provide service even after the sale. Dont assume that a one-time customer will return to you for future business, even if you did a great job. Make the effort to keep your brand in the back of their mind. For instance, you could call a few weeks after the service to see if your customer is completely satisfied. Or, perhaps you could send monthly reminders for follow-up services or Thank You cards to communicate your appreciation for their business. These seemingly small efforts, when performed consistently could potentially result in a hefty return on future business.
The most important thing to remember when working in the service industry is that the service itself is only half of your business. Whats the other half? You and your employees. If the customer likes your work but finds your customer service lacking, they may look elsewhere and even pay a higher price for a company who acts as if they appreciate their business. Slap on a smile, shake hands, and bite your tongue if you have towhatever it takes to keep the customer happy. The happier your customers are, the more likely they will spread the word about your business, and return to you for future service calls. And what does that mean for you? A healthierand happierbottom line.
Running a successful cleaning company is of special interest to Camilo Kawas, who is the owner of a commercial cleaning company.
Finding the right vacuum cleaner can be overwhelming with all the different vacuums in the cleaning industry. To find the right one for you, there are many things you have to take into consideration. Austin Professional Cleaning Services has compiled a list of tips on buying a vacuum cleaner that can help you decide on one.
Vacuum cleaners can clean different types of surface like carpets, hardwood floors, upholstery and draperies, and stairs. There are some vacuums that have special filters which can help eliminate dust mites, pet dander, and odors. The best thing to find the vacuum you need is to read the features the vacuums offer which can help you decide depending on what you are looking for.
Do you vacuum your carpet often? If you do then the light-weight stick model is recommended. If you wait longer than a week to vacuum then you should go with a larger upright or canister model which has a more powerful motor. Another factor to take into consideration is how big your home is and how much carpet you have. If you have a large home with large carpets you should pick a bigger and more powerful vacuum.
Vacuum cleaners without bags are cheaper to maintain. The problem they have is that when you empty the dirt collected, it can be messy and the dirt can fall again where you just cleaned. The bag-less vacuums also need a filter which can be more expensive to replace than the bags. The vacuums with bags are easy to maintain since you just have to throw away the bag the problem is that buying the bags can be expensive and sometimes the bags get discontinued. We recommend the new vacuums without bags since the vacuums with bags loss suction when they are full.
Both of the vacuums have their advantages. The upright vacuums have a carpet height adjustment which can help you clean all the different types of carpets you have. The upright vacuum are also handy to store and quick to take out. The Canister vacuums are lighter than the upright which make them easier to move around and are better for the hard to reach places. They are also smaller and easier to store than the upright. Picking between these two depend on your personal preference.
To help you find the best vacuum cleaner with their comparisons and reviews check out the following webpage: Vacuum cleaner review
It was amazing to read that the Canister vacuums are lighter than the upright which makes them easier to move around. Our vacuum exploded last week and left a heavy cloud of smoke that set off our fire alarm. We will be sure to keep in mind that information when we talk to a salesman about buying a new one!
 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Australia News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Australia News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
This site is composed of extracts from Rex Gilroys Book: Giants from the Dreamtime - The Yowie in Myth & Reality [copyright (c) 2001 Rex Gilroy, Uru Publications.
What appears to be even more recent evidence of the Yowie's [ie Homo erectus] continuing survival, was found by me in January, 1999 in dense forest terrain, high up in the mountain country behind Hanging Rock, which rises up on the eastern side of Nundle, south-east of Tamworth.
This eerie forest country has long been regarded as "Yowie territory" by the locals around Hanging Rock and Nundle, for it has since pioneering days been regarded as THE major region for 'hairy man' sightings in the New England district.
It was while on a visit to the Nundle State Forest area, east of Hanging Rock, together with my wife Heather, on January 21st, that I stumbled upon an open area atop a deep gully overlooking a vast wilderness that stretched to the eastern horizon. Scattered about the area I found a number of what were undoubtedly only weeks old, crudely flaked stone tools; scrapers, choppers and other implements.
Within a few days I had found another site containing crude choppers and scrapers, once again situated in a very remote, out of the way area of dense bushland; tools that appeared to be only a few months old.
I have seen primitive implements of identical appearance over the past few years at other locations, scattered about the former shoreline of a long-vanished giant lake system that covers a vast area to the west of Tamworth, and which had been part of an extensive series of inter-connecting lakes extending north-west to Moree and southward down towards Mudgee during the last ice-age.
Yet the crude implements found around this former lake pre-dated any Aboriginal examples and are identical to those manufactured by Home erectus in Java and China. The massive lake systems in question dried up within the last 15,000 years, although deposits near Attunga, to the north of Tamworth, where the first Homo erectus tools were identified by me in 1991, date back around 400,000 years.
Covering many hundreds of square kilometres, these great water supplies would have attracted primitive Homo erectus people and later humans, who fed upon the abundant fish, giant marsupial and other fauna that roamed the shores.
I theorise, based upon the available evidence, that wandering groups of Homo erectus people, having entered Australia over a vast period of time, penetrated the Central West/New England region, to congregate around the shores of these vast lakes, and gradually evolve into the first modern humans, who in turn eventually spread northwards beyond Australia.
That this region was the very epicentre of modern human evolution is a proposition which only future archaeological discoveries can vindicate. Yet wherever that 'epicentre' was, there can be little doubt that it was somewhere on this continent.
Mr Neil Hoskins, who is an experience bushman and ex-soldier, was spending Christmas 1999 on the Colo River, up in a wilderness area at Cattle Camp No 1, outside the small town of Putty. It was daytime, when as he was working with cattle, he spotted about 30 metres away, a "one metre tall human-looking figure standing, observing him on the edge of scrub. The little male was naked and black-skinned. Neil observed that he had "a long pointy nose and black hair".
Neil realised that this strange little creature was a still-wild pygmy, but before he could get another look the pygmy-size creature turned away and quickly vanished into the foliage. The Dharug Aborigines of the Blue Mountains west of Sydney called the pygmy-size people [other than the yowies] with whom they shared these wilds the Boothoo geermi - Boothoo 'little', geer 'hair', mi 'man' - or "Little hairy man".
The Boothoo geermi were said to be particularly prolific in the vast wildernesses making up the Jamieson/Cedar/Megalong/Burragorang/Jenolan and Kanangra ranges to the south and south-west of Katoomba, where they shared the land with those other "hairy men" with which this book is largely concerned.
During March 1990 Mr Wayne O'Brian and two friends were camped in the Howqua area east of Lake Eildon. While exploring around the edge of thick scrub through long grass, the men saw blowflies buzzing around something in the grass nearby.
Upon investigation they found the carcase of a calf that had been chewed up, and about which were bones and clumps of hair. Shortly after, in a nearby gully they found a pile of excreta. At the bottom of a patch of scrub they smelt a very strong pungent odour. Nearby, in a muddy area the men discovered a number of larger-than-man sized footprints.
Later, in July 1999 Mr Peter Whiteside and two other friends were hunting in a thickly timbered area near Lake Eildon when, on the bank of a creek, they found marks where some heavy object, like the rump of some huge man-like creature, had been sitting. Hairs of a greyish colour were found embedded into the muddy depression. Nearby campers came upon several huge man-ape like footprints in a mud patch.
During 1999 rumours circulated around the Wee Waa district that a large hairy man-ape creature of 2.4m or so in height and very muscular in appearance, was roaming the scrublands thereabouts, and that he was responsible for a number of dead sheep found at one bushland location, their limbs wrenched from their sockets. Large footprints were left by the hairy manbeast about the scene of this mass 'kill'. Bushmen with guns and dogs scoured the region but failed to find any further traces of the mystery hominid, as he apparently moved on elsewhere.
General Links Kindergarten First Grade Second Grade Third Grade Fourth Grade Fifth Grade Sixth Grade PARCC & CMAS Practice RISE Specials
CMSD 12 Website Canon School Cheyenne Mtn Elementary Gold Camp Elementary Pinon Valley Elementary Skyway Elementary Cheyenne Mtn Junior High Cheyenne Mtn High School
If you are the owner of this website and are having trouble, please contact us in our Client Area and we can assist you.
The url/domain for this site may have changed recently or you may have tried to visit your domain before this was applied to your site, if so please clear your browsers cache and try refreshing the page.
Most dns changes take affect in just a few minutes, however it does take some time for DNS propagation, this can be up to 48 hours for some slower ISP's.
The URL for this community may have changed or we may have moved the account to a different are of our network.
JAC blood plasma transport medical car HFC5026XXJRA1V (batch #280) based on HFC6460RA1C7V chassis is made in China by Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co., Ltd. (JAC). The company is located in Hefei, in Anhui Province, China.
Optional dark glass. May surface coating or paste special typeface or logo outside the body as needed. ABS Model: DBC 7.8, manufacturers: BWI (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. HFC4GB3-3D maximum net engine power of 83kW.
I don't know if we're related or not. Our family came from the Vladivostok area of Russia and we believe the original name was something like Moletschnikov. I have not heard anything about a Victoria Molloff.
-- my grades are my own and do not represent an offer from boardsort, nor are they guaranteed. Please keep that in mind.
Binary options no deposit bonus september 2014. a live accounts of the forex no deposit bonus and the company. to inform you a binary options broker no deposit.Active Bonuses Forex Bonus No Deposit Bonus Welcome Bonus. 27 October 2014.Open an Account. if XM suspects that a Client has abused the fair rules of the no deposit bonus by hedging.
2018 Lexus LC 500 and LC 500h are such the most extroverted Lexus. A attractive motor vehicle with unbelievably fantastic street manners, the 2018 Lexus LC may be the most...
Lexus RX 350 for 2018. However, this method doesnt give the 180 camera lens front camera. this method is often found in new Lexus LX 570. 2018 Lexus RX 350...
The 2018 Ford F-150 pickup truck has been Americas best-selling vehicle for 30 years and best-selling truck for 40 years. The 2018 Ford F-150 versions establish on 2015 s big...
2018 Lexus LS five hundred as their new favorite sedan automotive ever. 2018 Lexus LS 500 Engine The beneath hood thats high-powered to 2018 Lexus LS 500 is foretold...
new Lexus ES to debut about the last quarter of 2018 being a new 2019 Lexus ES model, priced somewhat higher than todays auto, which begins at $39,895 for that...
The new, 5-generation Lexus LS luxury sedan model is scheduled for the primary 1/2 2017. The 2018 Lexus LS are going to be conferred at the 2017 Naiads in Motor...
This is a XML Sitemap which is supposed to be processed by search engines which follow the XML Sitemap standard like Ask.com, Bing, Google and Yahoo.
Where do I find a rubber coated pry bar? I've checked with Home Depot, Menard's, Lowe's, and searched with Google.
I used a metal pry bar I had left over from a laminate flooring job. I used a terry-cloth rag between the pry bar and the tile...it worked perfectly. Don't use it without that cushion or you will chip your tile surface.
Thats a good idea! Someone said there's a product at most home centers that you dip the tool into a rubberish liquid and when dries it provides a protective coating. Also a buddy of mine had a friend that worked at an auto dealership doing some type of new car prep, but when they sprayed bedliners for pick up trucks he would spray that coating on tools for some company, wonder if that would work for Avaire tile?
New Ebola outbreak kills 17 people in Congo just two years after disease wiped out 11,000 in west Africa
The revelation has sparked fears the deadly virus could ravage the country once again after it swept across west Africa between 2014 and 2016, killing at least 11,000
The revelation has caused concern just a few years after it swept across West Africa between 2014 and 2016, killing at least 11,000 people
Jean Jack Muyembe, head of the national institute for biological research in the Democratic Republic of Congo, confirmed the news today.
It is the ninth time Ebola has been recorded in the Democratic Republic of Congo, whose eastern Ebola river gave the deadly virus its name when it was discovered there in the 1970s.
The World Health Organisation said in a statement: "This is DRCs ninth outbreak of Ebola since the discovery of the virus in the country in 1976.
"In the past five weeks, there have been 21 suspected viral haemorrhagic fever in and around the iIkoko Iponge, including 17 deaths."
Ebola has fatality rates of up to 90% and early symptoms include fever fatigue, muscle pain, headache and sore throat.
This is followed by vomiting, diarrhoea, rash, symptoms of impaired kidney and liver function and both internal and external bleeding.
The latest incidence of the disease comes less than a year after the central African country's last outbreak, in which eight people were infected of whom four died.
Congo's vast, remote geography gives it an advantage, as outbreaks are often localised and relatively easy to isolate.
In west Africa, an Ebola outbreak that ended two years ago killed more than 11,300 people and infected some 28,600 as it rolled through Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia before finally being contained.
Ebola is believed to be spread over long distances by bats, which can host the virus without dying, as it infects other animals it shares trees with such as monkeys. It often spreads to humans via infected bushmeat.
In March last year, Sierra Leone was finally declared Ebola-free, like its neighbours, but the disease stripped already poor families of breadwinners and left countries with thousands of orphans.
British nurse Pauline Cafferkey, who made headlines around the world after she contracted the disease while working to treat the sick, made her first brave return to Sierra Leone this time last year.
The Scot  who battled Ebola not once but an unheard-of twice , coming close to death both times  put aside her past three hellish years to return and see how the country she tried to help in 2014 is recovering post-Ebola.
Horror photos show what is now the ghost town of Lunsar with its crumbling homes and eerie, echoing rooms, which left Pauline stunned.
I didnt expect to see this so long afterwards, she whispers. The stigma must be keeping people away. Theyre afraid.
This is the side of Ebola I did not see when I worked in the treatment centre. Then, I couldnt go into the community. I can imagine it now, a family living here and what they suffered.
I can see men carrying the dead out in body bags. This is very real, very human. These are the people I couldnt save.
Here are two reports published within hours of each other. One reports 10 suspected cases and the other tells us that there have already been 17 deaths. Decide for yourselves, here are the links:
https://abcnews.go.com/Health/ebola-outbreak-drc-10-cases-suspected-health-ministry/story?id=55014623
Hey Ebola is really really nasty. I hope it never gets past Africa. If the people in Africa will just learn how to avoid spreading this disease it would be great but they are not educated or are too stuck to their traditions of cleaning the bodies of the dead. It spreads. Ebola just a bad actor.
Rear Adm. Tim Ziemer, the head of global health security on the White Houses National Security Council, left the Trump administration on Tuesday. The news was announced one day after an Ebola outbreak was declared in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The departure comes amid a reshuffling of the NSC under newly named national security adviser John Bolton, which includes a change in organizational structure that eliminates the office Ziemer led. Ziemers staff has been placed under other NSC departments.
Fortunately, the new outbreak is happening in the DRC, a country well versed in fighting the dreaded virus.
The infamous viral disease first made itself known to the world in 1976, in a small village called Yambuku in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Now, 42 years later, Ebola is causing another outbreak in the DRCthe ninth in the countrys history.
The new outbreak has hit the town of Bikoro in the northwestern part of the country. The nearby iIkoko Iponge health facilitypicture a small building with no electricity and limited suppliesreported 21 suspected cases over the past 5 weeks. Seventeen have died, but its not clear how many of these people actually had Ebola. So far, just two cases were actually positive for the virus in laboratory tests, out of five samples that were sent to the National Institute of Biomedical Research (INRB) in Kinshasa.
Some might wonder why lab tests are necessary. Isnt Ebola so horrific that a case would be obvious? Actually: no. Ebolas symptoms have been grossly exaggerated by The Hot Zone and other popular accounts. In reality, it is often indistinguishable from more common illnesses like malaria or typhoid. Only a minority of patients hemorrhage, and most do so lightly. The virus doesnt liquefy its victims organs, nor cause blood to gush from every orifice. When Ebola kills, its usually through extreme dehydration.
For now, there is no reason for alarm. Despite the unprecedentedly large Ebola epidemic in West Africa, which infected 28,000 people and killed 11,000 between 2014 and 2016, most Ebola outbreaks have been small and contained affairs. Several have involved handfuls of cases. Already, experts from the World Health Organization, Doctors Without Borders, and local Congolese health institutes have traveled to Bikoro. The CDC is supporting local public health partners, and the WHO is planning to deploy more personnel and protective equipment, and has released $1 million from a contingency fund to help stop the outbreak.
A sense of geography is helpful. Look at the back of your right hand. Stick your thumb out and begin curling your fingertips in, stopping short of making a fist. Thats the DRCa country one-quarter the size of the United States. The capital city, Kinshasa, sits on the knuckle of your thumb. Bikoro, the site of the new outbreak, is on the base of your index finger. Yambuku, the site of the first 1976 outbreak, is on your middle finger. Kikwit, where the next major one happened in 1995, is at the base of your thumb. That was the outbreak, documented by camera crews and chronicled by Laurie Garrett in Vanity Fair, which helped catapult Ebola to global infamy.
Look at your hand-map again. Most of it is smothered by inaccessible forest, with just 1,700 miles of paved road. The remoteness of this terrain made it easier to control outbreaks like the most recent one, which hit the Likati health zone in 2017. It was contained within just 42 days, after just eight suspected cases and four deaths. The DRC and its partners are now looking to repeat that success in Bikoro.
It could be more challenging. Unlike Likati, Bikoro lies close to the Congo Rivera major trade routeand close to the border with the neighboring Republic of the Congo. These connections increase the risk that the outbreak will spread. Then again, it also makes it easier to mount a response.
The DRC has become very good at controlling Ebola. The INRB in Kinshasa is more than capable of doing diagnostic tests without having to ship samples out to the United States. Its director, Jean-Jacques Muyembe Tamfum, was the first scientist to encounter Ebola at a time when he was the DRCs only virologist, and has been involved in every outbreak response since. He and his colleagues have also trained a crack-team of researchers and disease detectives. Were advanced in public health, said Gisle Mvumbi, a CDC-trained Congolese epidemiologist at the INRB, whom I met when I visited the DRC earlier this year. If you compare us with Europe or the United States, eh, but here in Africa, we are high. We have experience.
The country excels at spotting diseases early. In the wake of the Kikwit outbreak, scientists like Muyembe and Emile Okitolonda, who leads the Kinshasa School of Public Health, trained medical staff in all of the countrys 500-plus health zones to report potential symptoms. Now, even traditional healers and pastors know to do this. Here, we have a surveillance system that works, Okitolonda told me when I met him in the DRC. Here, nurses know that if they see a suspected case, they report it.
They might increasingly have cause to do so. The last outbreak occurred approximately at the same time of year, and it appears that these outbreaks are occurring with greater frequency, says Anne Rimoin from UCLA, who has worked in the Congo for 16 years. That could be because the Congolese are getting better at detecting the disease, but there is some evidence that this outbreak appears to have been smoldering for a few months, Rimoin adds. Perhaps the ecology is changing, and it has something to do with the reservoir species. She means the animals that harbor the Ebola virusbats are likely candidates, but the exact species is still a mystery.
More information is needed on the potential introduction of disease into the human population or whether animal die-offs have been reported, says Rebecca Martin, Director of CDCs Center for Global Health. Her team and others are working to support studies of the diseases ecology as a priority.
The DRCs main challenge is its lack of resources. Sure, they can detect Ebola cases quickly, but someone then has to investigate, usually without suits, masks, or even gloves. Such equipment was distributed after the Kikwit epidemic, but Okitolonda told me that within five years, they had all been used up. Itll be the same story in West Africa, he lamented, now that the catastrophic outbreak of 2014 is over. Resources will disappear and people will forget.
The United States is already forgetting. Just as news of the Ebola outbreak broke, Donald Trump asked Congress to rescind $252 million that had been put aside to deal with Ebola, as part of a broader move to cut down on excessive spending. That pot of money is the leftover from a $5.4 billion sum that Congress appropriated for dealing with the West African Ebola epidemic in 2015.
That epidemic ended two years ago, but having some money left over was intentional, says Ron Klain, the former Ebola czar. It allows USAID to quickly deploy responders to the site of a future outbreak, to prevent it from metastasizing into an international disaster. It is not, as the Trump administration suggests, an example of irresponsible federal spending. Quite the opposite: Its a savvy investment, since epidemics are always more expensive to deal with once they rage out of control.
Congress has 45 days from the time of Trumps request to act, during which time the $252 million is frozen. If they vote it down, or simply ignore it, the funds will be spent as intended. But if Congress accepts Trumps proposal, USAID will have no funding for a response when the next crisis comes, says Klain, and it will have to wait until Congress passes new funding, or diverts funds from some other, then-existing disaster response.
(CNN) Eleven new cases of hemorrhagic fever, including one death, have been reported since Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Minister of Health Dr. Oly Ilunga said Thursday in Kinshasa. Two of those cases are confirmed to be Ebola. Lab results are pending on the other nine cases which are suspected to be Ebola.
Ebola virus disease, which most commonly affects people and nonhuman primates such as monkeys, gorillas and chimpanzees, is caused by one of five Ebola viruses. On average, about 50% of people who become ill with Ebola die.
The new outbreak was announced Tuesday. Sickness is occurring in the Bikoro health zone, 400 kilometers (about 250 miles) from Mbandaka, the capital of Equator province.
The World Health Organization reported Thursday that 27 total cases of fever with hemorrhagic symptoms were recorded in the Bikoro region between April 4 and May 5, including 17 deaths. Of these total cases, two tested positive for Ebola virus disease, according to the WHO.
The risk to public health is assessed as high at the local level, moderate at the regional level and low at the global level, according to the WHO.
The virus is transmitted to people from wild animals and spreads in the human population through human-to-human transmission. The affected area in Bikoro is remote, with limited communication and poor transportation infrastructure, the WHO said. Bikoro has a population of about 163,000 spread over an area of approximately 1,075 square kilometers (415 square miles).
On Tuesday, Ilunga requested support to strengthen the response to this outbreak. The ministry and the WHO have developed a plan to respond to the outbreak over the next three months. The full extent of the outbreak is not known, according to the WHO, and the location poses significant logistical challenges.
Three health care professionals are among the confirmed cases, Ilunga said: "As health professionals are the first actors in the government's response to Ebola, this situation is of concern to us and requires a response that is all the more immediate and energetic."
Ebola is endemic to the Democratic Republic of Congo, and this is the nation's ninth outbreak of Ebola virus disease since the discovery of the virus in the country in 1976. The last outbreak occurred there in 2017 in the northern Bas Uele province. That outbreak was quickly contained due to joint efforts by the government, the WHO and other partners.
West Africa experienced the largest recorded outbreak of Ebola over a two-year period beginning in March 2014; a total of 28,616 confirmed, probable and suspected cases were reported in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, with 11,310 deaths, according to the WHO.
Correction: A previous version of this story incorrectly stated the new cases and death as confirmed rather than suspected.
Rear Adm. R. Timothy Ziemer was the Trump administration's senior director for global health security and biodefense at the National Security Council. He left that post Tuesday as part of a reorganization under national security adviser John Bolton. (Khin Maung Win/AP)
The top White House official responsible for leading the U.S. response in the event of a deadly pandemic has left the administration, and the global health security team he oversaw has been disbanded under a reorganization by national security adviser John Bolton.
The abrupt departure of Rear Adm. Timothy Ziemer from the National Security Council means no senior administration official is now focused solely on global health security. Ziemers departure, along with the breakup of his team, comes at a time when many experts say the country is already underprepared for the increasing risks of a pandemic or bioterrorism attack.
Ziemers last day was Tuesday, the same day a new Ebola outbreak was declared in Congo. He is not being replaced.
Pandemic preparedness and global health security are issues that require government-wide responses, experts say, as well as the leadership of a high-ranking official within the White House who is assigned only this role.
Health security is very fragmented, with many different agencies, said J. Stephen Morrison, senior vice president at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. It means coordination and direction from the White House is terribly important. 
The personnel changes, which Morrison and others characterize as a downgrading of global health security, are part of Boltons previously announced plans to streamline the NSC. Two members of Ziemer's team have been merged into a unit in charge of weapons of mass destruction, and another official's position is now part of a unit responsible for international organizations. White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert, who had called for a comprehensive biodefense strategy against pandemics and biological attacks, is out completely. He left the day after Bolton took over last month.
NSC spokesman Robert Palladino said Wednesday the administration remains committed to global health, global health security and biodefense, and will continue to address these issues with the same resolve under the new structure.
Another administration official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the issue publicly, acknowledged it was only one of many administration priorities. In a world of limited resources, you have to pick and choose, he said. We lost a little bit of the leadership, but the expertise remains.
Ziemer is a well-respected public health leader who was considered highly effective leading the Presidents Malaria Initiative under George W. Bush and Barack Obama before joining the NSC last year. While Palladino said he left on the warmest terms, an individual familiar with the specifics behind the reorganization said he was basically pushed out. He struggled to preserve himself and the integrity of his team, and he failed.
His exit comes against the backdrop of other administration actions critics say have weakened health security preparedness, including dwindling financing for early preventive action against infectious disease threats abroad.
The new Ebola outbreak is in northwest Congo. Only two cases have been confirmed, but the World Health Organization reported Thursday another 30 probable and suspected cases of the deadly hemorrhagic fever. Of those, 18 already have died.
Congolese and international health officials say they hope to control the outbreak quickly, but some health officials worry about its potential to become more serious and spread because of its location in a town upriver from the densely populated capital of Kinshasa.
This week, the administration released a list of $15 billion in spending cuts it wants Congress to approve. Among the targets is $252 million in unused funds remaining from the 2014-2015 Ebola epidemic in West Africa that killed more than 11,000 people, far exceeding the combined total cases reported in about 20 previous outbreaks since the 1970s.
The White House proposal is threatening to claw back funding whose precise purpose is to help the United States be able to respond quickly in the event of a crisis, said Carolyn Reynolds, a vice president at PATH, a global health technology nonprofit.
Collectively, warns Jeremy Konyndyk, who led foreign disaster assistance at the U.S. Agency for International Development during the Obama administration, What this all adds up to is a potentially really concerning rollback of progress on U.S. health security preparedness.
It seems to actively unlearn the lessons we learned through very hard experience over the last 15 years, said Konyndyk, now a senior policy fellow at the Center for Global Development. These moves make us materially less safe. Its inexplicable.
The day before news of Ziemers exit became public, one of the officials on his team, Luciana Borio, director of medical and biodefense preparedness at the NSC, spoke at a symposium at Emory University to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1918 influenza pandemic. That event killed an estimated 50 million to 100 million people worldwide.
The threat of pandemic flu is the number one health security concern, she told the audience. Are we ready to respond? I fear the answer is no.
Health officials are preparing for the 'worst' Ebola outbreak yet: Warning comes days after the first death was confirmed in the Democratic Republic of Congo
Peter Salama, head of emergency response at the World Health Organziation (WHO), said: 'We are very concerned, and we are planning for all scenarios, including the worst-case scenario.'
This comes days after the first confirmed death in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), which also has 11 known sufferers.
Seventeen recent fatalities are thought to be linked to the Ebola outbreak, while 32 people are suspected to be infected with the virus in the northwestern area of Bikoro.
The outbreak, which was confirmed by the DRC's health minister last Tuesday, is the country's ninth epidemic since the virus was identified in 1976.
Scientists fear it may be a 'public-health emergency' after an Ebola pandemic killed at least 11,000 when it decimated West Africa between 2014 and 2016.
All nine countries that neighbour DRC have been put of high alert over the possible spread of Ebola and international aid teams have flown in to help.
The Congo Health Ministry said last Tuesday: 'Our country is facing another epidemic of the Ebola virus, which constitutes an international public health emergency.'
Health Minister Oly Ilunga said: 'One of the defining features of this epidemic is the fact that three health professionals have been affected.
Mr Salama said: 'Access is extremely difficult... It is basically 15 hours by motorbike from the closest town.'
In addition, to the health team that is already there, the WHO is preparing to send up to 40 specialists in the next week or so.
Mr Salama also stated the UN health organisation hopes to have a mobile lab up and running on site this weekend.
The WHO and World Food Programme are also working to set up an 'air-bridge' to help bring in supplies, however, only helicopters can be used until an airfield is cleared to allow larger planes to land, Mr Salama added.
The health body has released 738,000 ($1m) from its Contingency Fund for Emergencies to support response activities for the next three months.
The WHO is thought to be particularly concerned about the spread of Ebola to Mbandaka, the capital of Equateur province, which has around one million residents and is just a few hours away from Bikoro.
Mr Salama said: 'If we see a town of that size infected with Ebola, then we are going to have a major urban outbreak.'
Nigerias immigration service has increased screening tests at airports and other entry points as a precautionary measure.
Similar measures helped the region contain the virus during the West African epidemic that began in 2013.
Officials in Guinea and Gambia both said they have heightened screening measures along their borders.
This comes days after the first confirmed death in the Democratic Republic of Congo, which also has 11 known sufferers (a health worker is pictured spraying a colleague with disinfectant during a training session for Congolese health workers to deal with Ebola four years ago)
DRC escaped the brutal Ebola pandemic, which was finally declared over in January 2016, but was struck by a smaller outbreak last year.
Four DRC residents died from the virus in 2017. The outbreak lasted just 42 days and international aid teams were praised for their prompt responses.
Health experts credit an awareness of the disease among the DRC population and local medical staff's experience treating for past successes containing its spread.
The country's vast, remote geography also gives it an advantage, as outbreaks are often localised and relatively easy to isolate.
Bikoro, however, lies not far from the banks of the Congo River, which is considered to be an essential waterway for transport and commerce.
Further downstream, the river flows past Kinshasa and Brazzaville, the capital of Congo Republic. The two cities have a combined population of more than 12 million people.
Angola, Zambia, Tanzania, Uganda, South Sudan, Central African Republic, Rwanda, Burundi and the Republic of Congo - which border the DRC - have all been alerted.
While Kenya, which does not border the country, has issued warnings over the possible spread of Ebola.
Thermal guns to detect anyone with a fever have been put in place along its border with Uganda and at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport.
Concerned health officials in Nigeria, which also does not border the DRC, have put similar measures in place to keep its population safe.
This comes after research released earlier this month suggested mass vaccinations will not stop Ebola outbreaks.
Professor Martin Michaelis and colleagues examined the prospects of a major Ebola campaign to dole out jabs to at-risk patients by looking at 35 old studies.
Writing in the Frontiers in Immunology, they revealed that controlling an outbreak of the virus depends entirely on surveillance and the isolation of cases.
At least 80 per cent of the population would have to receive the vaccine to establish herd immunity, as the average infected patient passes it onto four other people.
Yet, Professor Michaelis pointed to a trial during the Ebola pandemic, which showed less than half of patients were given a experimental jab.
Currently, there are no vaccines to protect patients against Ebola and scientists are unsure if any of the ones under investigation will work in the long term.
Doling out vaccines to populations would also be 'costly and impractical', Professor Michaelis claimed, due to many people at risk living in remote, rural areas.
Ebola, a haemorrhagic fever, killed at least 11,000 across the world after it decimated West Africa and spread rapidly over the space of two years.
The pandemic was officially declared over back in January 2016, when Liberia was announced to be Ebola-free by the WHO.
The country, rocked by back-to-back civil wars that ended in 2003, was hit the hardest by the fever, with 40 per cent of the deaths having occurred there.
Sierra Leone reported the highest number of Ebola cases, with nearly of all those infected having been residents of the nation.
An analysis, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, found the outbreak began in Guinea - which neighbours Liberia and Sierra Leone.
A team of international researchers were able to trace the pandemic back to a two-year-old boy in Meliandou - about 400 miles (650km) from the capital, Conakry.
Emile Ouamouno, known more commonly as Patient Zero, may have contracted the deadly virus by playing with bats in a hollow tree, a study suggested.
Figures show nearly 29,000 people were infected from Ebola - meaning the virus killed around 40 per cent of those it struck.
Cases and deaths were also reported in Nigeria, Mali and the US - but on a much smaller scale, with 15 fatalities between the three nations.
Health officials in Guinea reported a mysterious bug in the south-eastern regions of the country before the WHO confirmed it was Ebola.
Ebola was first identified by scientists in 1976, but the most recent outbreak dwarfed all other ones recorded in history, figures show.
Scientists believe Ebola is most often passed to humans by fruit bats, but antelope, porcupines, gorillas and chimpanzees could also be to blame.
It can be transmitted between humans through blood, secretions and other bodily fluids of people - and surfaces - that have been infected.
The WHO warns that there is 'no proven treatment' for Ebola - but dozens of drugs and jabs are being tested in case of a similarly devastating outbreak.
Hope exists though, after an experimental vaccine, called rVSV-ZEBOV, protected nearly 6,000 people. The results were published in The Lancet journal.
A study by scientists at Rocky Mountain Laboratories has quieted concerns the Ebola virus had become even deadlier to humans due to a mutation during an outbreak that claimed more than 10,000 lives in western Africa.
Last week's release of the National Institutes of Health study coincided with news of a new Ebola virus outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo that reportedly has killed 18.
The Ebola virus causes a serious illness that is often fatal if not treated. The virus is transmitted to people from wild animals and then spreads through the human population when people come in contact with bodily fluids like saliva, vomit or urine.
First identified in 1976, the Ebola viruss impact was limited to a few thousand people in central Africa before the disease swept through Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone between 2013 to 2016 in an outbreak that sickened more than 30,000 people and eventually killed more than 10,000.
Early on during that epidemic, scientists speculated the genetic diversity in the circulating Mokona strain of the virus would result in more severe disease and higher rates of transmissibility between humans than prior strains.
RML staff scientist Andrea Marzi was one of 16 National Institutes of Health researchers who traveled to Africa during the outbreak to help facilitate the treatment of people affected by the disease.
Marzi worked with NIAIDs Laboratory of Virology chief Dr. Heinz Feldmann in a subsequent study to determine if mutations during the epidemic had made the disease more deadly to humans.
At the end of 2016, there were some publications coming out hypothesizing that the Ebola virus Makona  which was the causative agent of the epidemic that devastated West Africa from 2013 to 2016  might have over time adapted to humans and therefore spread so widely and caused this big epidemic, Marzi said.
Since RML researchers were involved early on in the response to the outbreak, they had samples of the virus from the beginning in Guinea. They also had samples from Liberia and Mali that included the mutations that were associated with human adaptation of the virus.
The researchers in Hamilton wanted to test the theory that mutation made the disease more deadly to humans by using animal models that were often used in this type of research.
Specially bred mice that are very susceptible to all types of diseases and rhesus macaque monkeys were infected with the various virus isolates to both assess the disease progression and see how the virus would shed.
We were unable to find any significant differences between early and late isolates lacking or carrying those mutations, suggesting that these mutations did not lead to alterations in the disease-causing ability in animal models, the researchers study said.
While the test subjects werent human, they were as close as researchers can come in analyzing these types of research questions, Marzi said.
Having said that, we were very surprised to see basically no difference, she said. The mutation does not seem to contribute to more severe disease of pathogenesis.
Even though the virus might have adapted to humans by acquiring this mutation  it did not make the disease worse in humans, Marzi said. Also we do not think it made it spread more. The study did not show the virus is more easily transmitted via saliva, urine or feces or so (on). We didnt see a difference between early isolates and later ones carrying the mutation.
The take away message was that different reasons, other than changes in the virus, likely caused the outbreak to be so widespread and severe.
Other factors, including socio-economic ones, may have contributed, Marzi said. Unlike other outbreaks that occurred in central Africa in small villages where there wasnt a lot of traffic, western Africa is highly populated and people travel a lot between countries. There is a lot of trade.
The cities that were infected were not small villages, she said. They were like the capitals of those countries with a million people living there. Once the virus gets there, it spreads faster. This may have contributed, too, not just that the virus mutated and adapted to humans.  Our data doesnt support that hypothesis. Mutations in viruses are normal. It may have moved wider because there were a lot more targets.
In central Africa, people are very aware that Ebola is around, Marzi said. If someone presents with symptoms, village elders isolate them. (They) know that it could spread and be devastating. In West Africa in the beginning, nobody believed Ebola was there. They had to raise awareness that something bad was going on.
Marzi spent two months working in Africa during the outbreak in what she calls an opportunity of a lifetime.
For me, as a researcher, for the first time I personally could contribute something on the ground level, she said. Even though my skills as a scientist are so abstract to many people, those skills actually helped people directly.
I could determine which people were really sick from blood that was drawn, Marzi said. Health care workers could limit the contact from the people who were infected to those people who were not infected and hopefully ensure they didnt get the virus.
I washed my hands in bleach so many times that I could smell it for months afterwards, she said. It was quite something, but it was also one of the best things that I did in my life.
some nutty terroist group could could send a few people to somewhere they hate ,with a few vials of blood ,have a "friend" in the health industry and ....................
EBOLA has claimed the lives of 19 people and left 39 fighting for survival in the latest outbreak of the killer virus in the Congo.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) confirmed the killer disease has reared its ugly head again in Africa between April 4 and May 13 in devastating figures released today.
They also said a staggering 393 people who had come into contact with the epidemic were being followed up after an outbreak in Bikoro, Iboko and Wangata was confirmed.
Though additional information on the outbreak is limited, the event did not trigger a public health warning, the organisation said.
News of the outbreak brings to mind the terror of the epidemic that killed 11,000 people and infected 28,000 in West Africa between 2014 and 2016.
The West African epidemic began in a small village in Guinea, with a two-year-old boy thought to be the first victim.
The illness spreads frighteningly quickly with symptoms including fever, severe headache, muscle pain weakness, fatigue, diarrhea and vomiting to name a few.
Ebola has been traced all the way back to 1976 when 151 people died in Nzura in South Sudan and 280 in Yambuku, near the Ebola river which is where the disease gets its name.
The disease is believed to be hosted by bats but the blood and bodily fluids of animals is how the disease is thought to have transmitted to humans.
As it is impossible to eradicate the animals infected with Ebola, it is also impossible to wipe the virus out entirely.
In 2014, Pauline Cafferkey, a British aid worker was diagnosed with Ebola at Glasgows Gartnaval General Hospital.
She had just returned to Scotland from Sierra Leonne and is thought to have caught the toxic bug wearing a visor instead of goggles while in Africa.
On 8 May 2018, the Ministry of Health (MoH) of the Democratic Republic of the Congo declared an outbreak of Ebola virus disease (EVD) in Bikoro Health Zone, Equateur Province. This is the ninth outbreak of Ebola virus disease over the last four decades in the country, with the most recent one occurring in May 2017.
On 3 May 2018, the Provincial Health Division of Equateur reported 21 cases of fever with haemorrhagic signs including 17 community deaths in the Ikoko-Impenge Health Area in this region. A team from the Ministry of Health, supported by WHO and Mdecins Sans Frontires (MSF) visited the Ikoko-Impenge Health Area on 5 May 2018 and detected five (5) active cases, two of whom were admitted to Bikoro General Hospital and three who were admitted in the health centre in Ikoko-Impenge. Samples were taken from each of the five active cases and sent for analysis at the Institute National de Recherche Biomdicale (INRB), Kinshasa on 6 May 2018. Of these, two tested positive for Ebola virus, Zaire ebolavirus species, by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) on 7 May 2018 and the outbreak was officially declared on 8 May 2018.
Since the last situation report, an additional Health Zone in Equateur Province reported EVD cases  Wangata Health Zone in the city of Mbandaka  with a total of three (3) affected Health Zones as of 14 May 2018.
Waganta Health Zone reported two probable cases on 11 May 2018 with both cases testing positive by Rapid Diagnostic Testing (RDT)  both their samples are awaiting PCR confirmation from INRB in Kinshasa. As of 13 May, there is a cumulative total of 41 cases, including 20 deaths (case fatality rate = 48.8%) and three healthcare workers from Bikoro (n=2) and Iboko (n=1). Of the 41 cases reported, two cases are confirmed, 17 are suspected and 22 are probable . A total of 432 contacts are being monitored in the health zones of Bikoro (n=274), Iboko (n=115) and Mbandaka (n=43) as of 14 May 2018.
With regards to case distribution, Bikoro Health Zone reported the highest number of cases (n=31), followed by Iboko (n=8) and Mbandaka (n=2) Health Zones. In the Bikoro Health Zone, 50% of the cases were reported from the Ikoko-Impenge health area, followed by Bikoro health area (35.3%), the health facility (14%) and the Moleti health area (7%). In the Iboko Health Zone, most cases were reported from the Mpangi health area (80%) with the remaining one case being reported from Itipo health area. In the Waganta Health Zone in Mbandaka city, the two cases were both from the Bongozo health area. They are the previously mentioned probable cases (RDT positive and awaiting PCR confirmation) and are brothers who had recently stayed in Bikoro for funerals.
I can't help but notice the dates. I did not manage to report this to you until the 8th, when the government first announced the outbreak, but the disease emerged in the human potulation on the 3rd, that is a whole week apart. This is easily explainable by the remoteness of the outbreak. But, what if it was another zoonosis, even more deadly, contagious and slightly slower to kill? That kind of delay would be lethal on a massive scale. I rather doubt that ebola will be the slate wiper, but it is interesting as a case study to prepare for the disease that is.
KINSHASA (Reuters) - The first batch of 4,000 experimental Ebola vaccines to combat an outbreak suspected to have killed 20 people arrived in Congos capital Kinshasa on Wednesday, said a Reuters witness at the airport.
The Health Ministry said vaccinations would start on the weekend, the first time the vaccine would come into use since it was developed two years ago.
The vaccine, developed by Merck and sent from Europe by the World Health Organization, is still not licensed but proved effective during limited trials in West Africa in the biggest ever outbreak of Ebola, which killed 11,300 people in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone from 2014-2016.
Health officials hope they can use it to contain the latest outbreak in northwest Democratic Republic of Congo which the WHO believes has so far killed 20 people since April.
Health workers have recorded two confirmed cases, 22 probable cases and 17 suspected cases of Ebola in three health zones of Congos Equateur province, and identified 432 people who may have had contact with the disease.
WHO spokesman Tarik Jasarevic said the vaccine will be reserved for people suspected of coming into contact with the disease, and that a second batch of 4,000 doses would be sent in the coming days.
In our experience, for each confirmed case of Ebola there are about 100-150 contacts and contacts of contacts eligible for vaccination, Jasarevic said. So it means this first shipment would be probably enough for around 25-26 rings - each around one confirmed case.
The outbreak was first spotted in the Bikoro zone, which has 31 of the cases and 274 contacts. There have also been eight cases and 115 contacts in Iboko health zone.
The WHO is worried about the disease reaching the city of Mbandaka with a population of about 1 million people, which would make the outbreak far harder to tackle. Two brothers in Mbandaka who recently stayed in Bikoro for funerals are probable cases, with samples awaiting laboratory confirmation.
The WHO report said 1,500 sets of personal protective equipment and an emergency sanitary kit sufficient for 10,000 people for three months were being put in place.
To add to my previous point, It has taken two weeks to decide to use the vaccine and get it to the appropriate area. Impressive, but probably not fast enough in the case of disease X.
While this outbreak is happening in a pretty rural area of Africa the lack of media coverage is almost as suprising as the total lack of updates. The only source of info we have is who updates every couple of days
in parts of Africa ,it is a custom ,when young woman are going to get married,the sleep with a man ,i think known as a leopard,he has sex with them to teach them how to please their new husband,(this might be at puberty not sure of the age yet will research it ),
a few years ago there was a case that the "Leopard"didnt use a condom and infected many young woman with HIV,
It transpires that the vaccine the WHO has been relying on to contain the virus by ring-vaccination has to be stored at between -60C to -80C which is almost impossible in the remote areas where emerging zoonosises like ebola appear.
As usual with ebola, there is some arguement about how bad things are so here are several links each with their own take on affairs. The Telegraph, Reuters and the BBC all have great reputations for accuracy.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
Operated by Turkish Cargo, a brand of Turkish Airlines, the additional aircraft will help to further boost the companys expansion in the cargo market.
Turkish Airlines already operates five A330-200F, and the additional order will enable them to quickly meet the growing cargo market demand. The A330-200F freighter aircraft have demonstrated outstanding operational reliability and performance for our cargo transport operations. It is with this in mind that we chose to expand our freighter fleet with more A330-200F, said Dr Temel Kotil, CEO of Turkish Airlines. A prestigious customer like Turkish Airlines ordering the A330-200F for the third time shows a real vote of confidence in this aircraft to help further develop their cargo business, said John Leahy, Airbus Chief Operating Officer, Customers. The A330 Family is the most versatile family of aircraft on the market and the A330-200F is no exception, being the most flexible, reliable and cost-efficient freighter
Turkish Airlines operates the largest Airbus fleet in the country with a total of 139 Airbus aircraft in service. These include 91 single aisle aircraft, two A310 freighters, 17 A330-200, 18 A330-300, five A330-200F and six A340s.
Airbus aircraft share a unique cockpit and operational commonality, allowing airlines to use the same pool of pilots, cabin crews and maintenance engineers, bringing operational flexibility and resulting in significant cost savings.
The A330-200F is capable of carrying a payload of 65 to 70 tonnes, with a range of up to 4,000 nautical miles. With unit costs similar to larger freighters, it is the ideal aircraft for opening new routes and developing networks with minimum risk. The technologically advanced design and continuous improvements since the programme launch make the A330-200F todays most modern and efficient mid-size freighter.
Netflix chief executive Reed Hastings said that the streaming video company had no plans for cheaper prices in the hotly competitive India market and that an executive's comments suggesting otherwise had been misunderstood. In India, Hastings said, we see the typical mix across these three plans that we see in many other countries like the US, which would indicate that we don't have a pricing issue. When asked directly if that meant the company had no plans for lower prices in India, he said: Correct.
Pharma major Wockhardt on November 10 reported widening of its consolidated net loss at Rs 23 crore for the second quarter ended September 30. The company, which plans to raise up to Rs 1,800 crore through private placement of non-convertible debentures, had reported a consolidated net loss of Rs 3 crore in the same quarter of the previous fiscal, Wockhardt said in regulatory filings.
Mary Ward was born in 1917 and attended Perry County public schools. She graduated from Judson College in 1938 with a degree in English and journalism.
She married Charles Kirtley Brown in 1939, and they lived in Auburn until they inherited her father's farm in Perry County. She published a few short stories in literary magazines, but she put her writing aside until her son, Kirtley Ward Brown, was grown and her husband's death in 1970.
After she resumed her writing, she published some stories in short-story collections and periodicals. In 1978 McCall's magazine published her story "Amaryllis", about a flower a retired judge received as a gift and his efforts to have others see it bloom.
Her first collection of short stories, Tongues of Flame, was published in 1986, and received much acclaim. Following the success of that book, she gained increasing prominence in southern and national literary circles. In 2002, the University of Alabama Press published her second collection of short stories, It Wasn't All Dancing. In 2009, the University of Alabama Press also published her memoir, Fanning the Spark.
Using the setting and characters of her Black Belt home, she wrote about race, class, religion, family and generational conflicts in a way that revealed the universal traits of these subjects. In the 2001 documentary film Coat of Many Colors, she discussed conflicts within southern culture, the subtleties of southern race relations and the slow progress of change in the civil rights era.
Brown's stories of black and white characters was so beautifully sensitive and nuanced, she was selected to be one of 40 prominent American and Soviet writers to attend a joint writer's conference in Russia to help thaw Cold War relations between the two nations.
Brown won many awards, including: Pen/Hemingway Award (for best book of fiction by an American author) 1987; Lillian Smith Award from the Southern Regional Council; Harper Lee Award for Alabama's Distinguished Writer 2002; Hillsdale Fiction Prize from the Fellowship of Southern Writers 2003.
She was inducted into the Alabama Black Belt Hall of Fame in 2012 and the Alabama Writers Hall of Fame in 2016.
Historian Wayne Flynt said that Brown was "probably the most famous Alabamian you never heard of". Southern journalist John S. Sledge called Brown "our genius, our Chekov".
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "Easter Break", or just this one?
Feature: Life is a challenge for any priest in a small mountain town. In Series 5, Father Aiden O'Connell finds himself dealing with a new romance for Niamh and Orla, a new garda for Bally K, and the return of an old rival for Brian Quigley. He also runs into some troubles of his own.Running Time: 570 min. Format: DVD MOVIE Genre: TELEVISION Rating: NR Age: 794051284327 UPC:
 Life is a challenge for any priest in a small mountain town. In Series 5, Father Aiden O'Connell finds himself dealing with a new romance for Niamh and Orla, a new garda for Bally K, and the return of an old rival for Brian Quigley. He also runs into some troubles of his own.Running Time: 570 min. Format: DVD MOVIE Genre: TELEVISION Rating: NR Age: 794051284327 UPC:
Life is a challenge for any priest in a small mountain town. In Series 5, Father Aiden O'Connell finds himself dealing with a new romance for Niamh and Orla, a new garda for Bally K, and the return of an old rival for Brian Quigley. He also runs into some troubles of his own.
A warm and dynamic comedy-drama about an Irish village, Ballykissangel blends whimsy, heartbreak, and gorgeous scenery with deft charm. Though the first few series were built around the local priest, in the fifth series the storylines are evenly spread among the entire cast (even as some major characters leave and others arrive). The season is driven by romances: Troubled Niamh (Tina Kellegher, The Snapper) grapples with her love for Sean (Lorcan Cranitch, Dancing at Lughnasa), knowing it spells the end of her marriage to Ambrose (Peter Hanly, Braveheart)--but little does she suspect the form that end will take; and svelte and sexy Orla (Victoria Smurfit, Trial and Retribution) finds a new interest in rangy sailor Connor (Owen Teale, Island at War). Meanwhile, adventures abound, ranging from a hot air balloon race to gangsters seeking stolen caviar to the unexpected appearance of an automatic toilet. The arrival of the Dooley family and new police officer Frankie Sullivan (Catherine Cusack) brings a whole set of new character and new relationships to the village, all explored with the same intelligence and heart that's marked the series from its inception. And of course there's hunky Colin Farrell (Miami Vice) as an earnest young farmer (though his role this season is more peripheral than in the previous series). Newcomers to the show will find themselves hooked by the end of the first episode of this series. Fans of Northern Exposure or similar American shows may find a kindred sensibility in Ballykissangel. --Bret Fetzer
We are not responsible for comments posted by our users, as they are the property of the poster. Any use, commercial or educational, requires written permission from the author.
So, youre probably wondering why weve been hopping around with comically oversize cotton balls glued to the rear of our jeans, pressing flowers, kissing everything in sight, and sneezing like the dickens. Well, in case you havent noticed, Spring has sprung! And along with the flowers  ACHOO!  a batch of Ebola-related happenings are popping through the loam. Yep, its time for the latest update in the world of Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits!
Ah, if only there were more time in the day. The lives of documentarians do not leave nearly as much time for shows, touring and all the other stuff weve filled our months and years with until recently. But even though Corbett is hard at work directing/producing a documentary about the early years of the East Bay punk scene (with Dan on the part-time assist and Green Day as executive producers!), every spare moment is spent in the strange little fantasy realm youve come to know and love  well, know, at least. Once we finish with this film later in the year, well get back to our regularly scheduled mayhem of touring, recording, and video projects.
That said, weve got a few shows coming up in the Bay Area. Kindly consider dropping everything to see us at these fine establishments:
If you can make it to one of these shows, you may notice some new stuff has recently been added to our army o merch. First up, were proud to finally have available Cut From a Different Fur, a live CD recorded at Different Fur Studios last Fall. Thanks to Rooftop Comedy Productions, Different Fur, and the lovely audience who showed up that day for a special performance. If you cant wait until our next show, you can check it out here: http://shop.rooftopcomedy.com/album/cut-from-a-different-fur
While youre perusing all things Ebola, head on over to our online store at http://bobbyjoeebola.bigcartel.com/, where weve got a new T-shirt (in two styles!), designed by the great Mike King of Lions Teeth Comics! Check out more by Mike King here: http://lionsteeth.net/
Weve also got large high quality black canvas tote bags designed by Horrible Comics, with our familiar cartoony logo! Amaze your friends! Check out more from Horrible Comics here: http://fb.com/horriblecomics
Were happy to say that our books seem to be moseying off the shelves at a decent clip, and most people are paying for them! Thanks to everyone who picked up copies of The Bobby Joe Ebola Songbook and Meal Deal With The Devil. If you havent grabbed yours, yet, what are you waiting for? Pick both of them up from Microcosm Publishing in a Super Bundle: http://microcosmpublishing.com/catalog/books/4761