Easy to Operate-Single handle design integrate to control water temperature and flow volume easily,high arc 360 degree swivel spout supply full range washing access,updated mechanical retraction system make pull down sprayer head always sit into original place after use.
Easy to Maintenance-Superior corrosion & rust-resistant finish prevent dirty from sticking to faucet surface, clean faucet by cloth is enough in Daily Use.
Antique Lead-free Solid Brass 1 or 3 Hole Single Handle Prep Pull Out Sprayer Oil Rubbed Bronze... $59.99 Buy on Amazon
Comllen Best Modern Single Handle Pull Down Sprayer Chrome Kitchen Faucet, Pull Out Kitchen Faucets... $49.99 Buy on Amazon
Капитан «Смены-Зенита», продлившей в понедельник свою беспроигрышную серию до семи матчей, прокомментировал последние игры и рассказал о задаче команды на сезон.
Second floor has three bedrooms, one still has a sink in it, which was originally the kitchen. Full bathroom and closets galore!
The basement is finished with a large recreation room, washer/ dryer and additional sink space. Access to the yard and garage is from the basement.
It's official! The popular weekly improv show from whence we once sprang is returning to its weekly Monday night slot at Clinton's Tavern and we couldn't be happier to be playing the opening show (with our friend, Ron Pederson!)
Thank you very much for having us back to your lovely city, theatre and/or tournament. Don't let the picture above confuse you; when Iron Cobra displays our trademark spectrum of ennuie and disgust, we are actually dsiplaying our special kind of "love".
We had a great time, and it wasn't just the mint juleps (although, seriously, Liz, it was). Furthermore, in the spirit of Canadian moderation, we are very happy to have left the stage as half of the first ever 1st place tie at your lovely tournament.
I'm most intrigued that the Japanese single cover for Meatloaf's 1977 hit Two Out of Three Ain't Bad appears to contain the song title translated as 66% Ain't Bad.
EDIT: A reader writes that the Japanese version apparently translates to "66% Temptation"... which makes even less sense...
2017-12-31 Rerun commentary: Wikipedia's image of the Japanese Two Out of Three Ain't Bad single cover has been deleted, so I've updated the link I originally provided by reproducing the cover here:
Interestingly, the B-side of this single is a catchy ditty titled You Took the Words Right Out of My Mouse. Lest you feel I've pulled a Photoshop swifty, discogs.com confirms it.
Humans aren’t the only ones trying their best to warm up the world like it’s a Hot Pocket. Bacteria are also creating particles that melt glaciers and make the world comfortable for more bacteria.
Today, at the Microbiology Society’s Annual Conference, scientists from Aberystwyth University announced that microbes are heating the planet. That’s not unusual, but these microbes, of the genus Phormidesmis, are doing it by making particles that melt glaciers. The bacteria are photosynthetic. They get their power from the sun. When exposed to the sun, they stick together bits of dust, pollution, and soot that have come down in the snow to form a material called cryoconite.
Cryoconite darkens the top layer of glaciers, which causes them to absorb sunlight and form pools of water. These pools never get particularly deep, because in order to keep making cryoconite—which decreases the amount of solar radiation reflected by the glacier about 20 percent—the bacteria has to be exposed to the sun. So the pools grow wide and shallow, allowing more bacteria to grow and make the pool even wider.
“Microbes are capable of ecosystem engineering,” said research team leader Dr. Arwyn Edwards. “As the biologically productive areas of glaciers and ice sheets expand due to climate change, these microbial processes can influence their melting more and more. In the long term, this contributes to the loss of glacier habitats, and the unique microbial biodiversity living on them.”
I don’t even think Optimus Prime would dare try and jump off of a dirt ramp. And yet daredevil Gregg Godfrey did with his non-Transformer semi or semi-trailer or big rig or transport or articulate lorry (depending on where you’re from). He set a new record for jumping a semi truck at 166 feet which beat the old mark…
Thirsty? Nothing like an ice cold Leinenkugel or a Goose Island. Infinitely better than that watered-down Natty Light or, worse, Keystone.... right? You might cherish your small-batch brewery buzz, but the truth of the matter is that you probably have no idea just how big the people backing your beer actually are. Here's a breakdown of some of the biggest brews actual origins.
It's not all cut and dry though. You'll notice that AB InBev owns a startling majority of some of the market's most popular brands. Molson Coors and SAB Miller, the second and third runners up, would never be able to keep up on their own, so they joined together in one hoppy, unholy union to create Miller-Coors. And so on.
You'll probably be surprised—perhaps even dismayed—by what you see. But hopefully, that will just make those actual local brewery beers all the more special.
You might have even looked at your own bed and thought how great it would look with some decorative pillows - maybe you even tried this yourself but couldn‘t quite achieve the look that you see in the designer rooms. Luckily, it isn‘t that hard
Bolsters are certainly an unavoidable choice for living room decoration. The elegance and majestic ambience offered by the bolsters cannot be found anywhere else. However, if you don’t have a traditional interior style for your living room, it may, sometimes, look a little odd for
Using hooked pillows as accessories in home decorating is always a smart idea - and an economical one too - due to their affordability and familiar themes.
A couch is otherwise known as a sofa or settee. It is a piece of furniture used for sitting purposes although some couches double into a bed. Pillows are soft supports used while sleeping. Couch pillows are used as a fashion accessory to decorate couches.
You can start by estimating of the red color is suitable to be used in your home. It can be done by checking of all of the colors that occur in your home can be used in a combination with red. For example, if your
A three-seater sofa would ideally have a set of six sofa pillows. The choice of six pillows can be made from a variety of designs and they can be a mixture of at least two designs.
The usage of red color is more specific than using of other colors, because too much usage of it in your home could make people there to feel anxious. According to Feng Shui color interpretation, using of much red accessories and furniture is able to
This may seem like a lot to consider, but remember: decorative pillows are supposed to add fun and spice to your interior design! Have fun with them and pick out pillows that represent your personal style. Not all throw pillows are solid colors, either. Some
Tasseled earth tone and other natural color pillows provide a sophistication and chic style to a modern interior decoration. Look at the material that is used for making the pillow. That is really very important. A soft touch is what everyone look for. Make sure
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Gwkt website that is not Gwkt’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Gwkt claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
In the meanwhile, a reddit user, e1ghtSpace has some details to downgrade the updated version to the previous iOS 6.1.3 without SHSH blobs. The tool is called OdysseusOTA which can work with devices launched in 2011 or more specifically, the iPhone 4S and iPad 2. Both of these devices run on the same A5 chip and can be downgraded to iOS 6.1.3 using the aforementioned OdysseusOTA.
Step 7. Go to folder libimobiledevice in extract folder you downloaded. Press and hold the Shift key and right click on the folder, and click on Open command windows here . Type command:
Come on man if you are going to post zip files make sure they Fucking work, The file is read as broken or corrupted. IPSW is either invalid or you did something wrong when you rebuilt it shits not working for the iPad2,1 6.1.3 Downgrade Windows zip link. Windows Extractor and 7zip both tell me everything can't be extracted because it is broken pointed towards ipsw. and I tried it anyway and received this message:
Error Message : The procedure entry point SSL_CTX_set_srp_password could not be located in the dynamic link library C:\libimobiledevice\libcurl-4.dll.
ignore this method for anyone else attempting to downgrade iPhone 4s and iPad 2 on ios 8 to 6.1.3 use "beehind" downgrade method 3rd party software similar to that of Odysseus but varies in many ways. Here is the link to their site and to the gui program http://geeksn0w.it/Beehind/
Love it! Thank you so much for sharing this one really Good topic iPhone App Development peaceful info,Love it- iphone app development
hey i type cmds on iphone without conecting the usb cable after getting into the dfu mode i conect it to the computer and then open the cmd and suceccfully restore it try this method
e1ghtSpace has some details to downgrade the updated version to the previous iOS 6.1.3 without SHSH blobs...
So helpful share for iphone user. if you are a user i hope those posts are contents will be helpful for you.wood iphone 6 case
At the moment, OdysseusOTA only has support for iPhone 4s and iPad 2 and will only let you downgrade back to iOS 6.1.3. A new downgrade to...
Free spins can be earned as a bonus for signing up for a casino account, or can be earned when the free spins round has been activated.The quality of sign-up perks may depend on the match percentage, the amount the..
IB, Informitvebites.com, will keep sharing its views on Trending Stories. We at IB., have a thing for Digital Marketing so we will be sharing Case Studies and Free Resources for Digital Marketing originally compiled by IB team.
Terrifying moment tiger chases open-top car full of tourists on India safari as group scream at driver to speed up
Europe should become EMPIRE to compete with China and US, says French minister after Trump rubbishes calls for EU army
Only Fools And Horses favourites Raquel and Cassandra will next week be reunited on screen for the first time in 15 years.
Actresses Tessa Peake-Jones, 61, and Gwyneth Strong, 58, will chat about the characters on ITV’s Loose Women as part of a special “retro week”.
Raquel was the long-suffering girlfriend of Del Boy Trotter (David Jason) while Cassandra was married to Del’s brother Rodney (Nicholas Lyndhurst).
Peake-Jones has since starred in shows such as Midsomer Murders and Grantchester while Strong’s credits include Silent Witness and EastEnders.
One Foot in the Grave star Richard Wilson will also appear on Loose Women with co-star Annette Crosbie.
Casualty reveal first behind the scenes look at terrifying explosion that will kill one person in ‘biggest ever episode’ to kick off new series
This is the £6 liquid lipstick that beauty bloggers are going wild for… and you can pick it up in Boots
Justin Trudeau considers offering asylum to Asia Bibi, the Pakistani Christian accused of blasphemy November 12, 2018
To receive your bonus, login on Free Live Sex Cams and make sure that your email is confirmed. Then purchase any amount of Tokens and spend them as you wish.
Tokens that are purchased for the first time must be spent within 7 days from the date of the purchase to qualify for the bonus. If you've only managed to spend a portion of the tokens initially purchased, then the bonus will be awarded on said portion alone. If you've spent more than 100 Tokens from the initial purchase, you will still be awarded a bonus of up to 100 Tokens, as this is the cap for the bonus.
Free Live Sex Cams reserves the right to remove, modify or cancel this bonus at any time at its own discretion.
Free Live Sex Cams reserves the right to close any account that is suspected to be involved in bonus abuse and confiscate bonus tokens from such accounts.
It's a clear, colorless disk about 5 inches in diameter that bends and twists like a playing card, with a lattice of more than 20,000 nanotube transistors capable of high-performance electronics printed upon it using a potentially inexpensive low-temperature process.
Its University ofSouthern California creators believe the prototype points the way to such long sought after applications as affordable "head-up" car windshield displays. The lattices could also be used to create cheap, ultra thin, low-power "e-paper" displays.
They might even be incorporated into fabric that would change color or pattern as desired for clothing or even wall covering, into nametags, signage and other applications.
A team at theUSCViterbi School of Engineering created the new device, described and illustrated in a just-published paper on "Transparent Electronics Based on Printed Aligned Nanotubes on Rigid and Flexible Structures" in the journalACSNano.
Graduate students Fumiaki Ishikawa and Hsiaoh-Kang Chang worked under Professor Chongwu Zhou of the School's Ming Hsieh Department of Electrical Engineering on the project, solving the problems of attaching dense matrices of carbon nanotubes not just to heat-resistant glass but also to flexible but highly heat-vulnerable transparent plastic substrates.
The researchers not only created printed circuit lattices of nanotube-based transistors to the transparent plastic but also additionally connected them to commercial gallium nitrate (GaN) light-emitting diodes, which change their luminosity by a factor of 1,000 as they are energized.
"Our results suggest that aligned nanotubes have great potential to work as building blocks for future transparent electronics," say the researchers.
The thin transparent thin-film transistor technology developed employs carbon nanotubes - tubes with walls one carbon atom thick - as the active channels for the circuits, controlled by iridium-tin oxide electrodes which function as sources, gates and drains.
Earlier attempts at transparent devices used other semiconductor materials with disappointing electronic results, enabling one kind of transistor (n-type); but not p-types; both types are needed for most applications.
The critical improvement in performance, according to the research, came from the ability to produce extremely dense, highly patterned lattices of nanotubes, rather than random tangles and clumps of the material. The Zhou lab has pioneered this technique over the past three years.
"These nanotubes were first grown on quartz substrates and then transferred to glass or PET substrates with pre-patterned indium-tin oxide (ITO) gate electrodes, followed by patterning of transparent source and drain electrodes. In contrast to random networked nanotubes, the use of massively aligned nanotubes enabled the devices to exhibit high performance, including high mobility, good transparency, and mechanical flexibility.
"In addition, these aligned nanotube transistors are easy to fabricate and integrate, as compared to individual nanotube devices. The transfer printing process allowed the devices to be fabricated through low temperature process, which is particularly important for realizing transparent electronics on flexible substrates. … While large manufacturability must be addressed before practical applications are considered, our work has paved the way for using aligned nanotubes for high-performance transparent electronics."
The new hal-info package to collect suspend/resume quirks is in rawhide, and improvements to keyboard handling and power management are being worked on. David recently released hal 0.5.10rc1 and hal-info-20070725, which are in rawhide now. These contain a lot of quirks for improved keyboard handling and suspend/resume fixes. Kernel 2.6.23 has landed in rawhide now, too. The keyboard-shortcuts capplet has been changed to map the XF'86Audio keysyms to volume up/down/mute by default.
Remaining work to make more keyboards work better out of the box will happen for F9, with input hotplug and the evdev keyboard driver in X.
Harald just got a new laptop. He tries the Fedora live cd on it and is amazed that everything just works.
Mo notices that her laptop doesn't resume. She goes to the "laptop troubleshooting page" that is linked prominently from the Fedora homepage, and is guided by a wizard that makes it easy for her to find out which quirk she needs to change. She is happy and sends a patch to the hal-list to make sure this laptop model works out of the box in the next Fedora release.
Assorted kernel changes are necessary to improve various aspects of the keyboard handling. A lot of the required kernel changes are slated to land in 2.6.23. (2.6.23 is in, so done)
Reduced power consumption requires all applications to avoid unnecessary wakeups and other power-consuming activities. A good start is to integrate the patches at [1] , and use Power'TOP to find more offenders. See the feature to fix wakeups . (ongoing)
Measure the power consumption of a running Fedora desktop session and verify that it is lower than the previous release.
Needs to have a link to the HAL quirk website: http://people.freedesktop.org/~hughsient/quirk/ - maybe in the release notes.
ThorstenLeemhuis, 20070716: I'm always getting annoyed when power-consuming cron jobs like makewhatis prelink start when I run on battery; will this feature cover solving such problems throughout the distribution as well?
(katzj, 20070719): This should give the infrastructure to know whether you're on battery. Going through everything and changing everything like prelink is another job altogether. Arguably, part of the answer is "kill cron"
Filed a bug for prelink, as it's the worst cron job: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=249586
Retrieved from "https://fedoraproject.org/w/index.php?title=Releases/FeatureLaptopImprovements&oldid=16913"
Chemical Civil Computer Electrical and Electronics Engineering Mathematics Mechanical Manufacturing and Industrial Management
Course categories: Foundation Programme in Engineering Foundation Programme in Engineering / FP102: Introduction to Computing Foundation Programme in Engineering / FP Archives Foundation Programme in Engineering / FP Archives / FP102: Foundation Computing -2017 First Year First Year / General Programme First Year / General Programme / GP Archives Chemical and Process Engineering Chemical and Process Engineering / CP2XX Chemical and Process Engineering / CP3XX Chemical and Process Engineering / CP4XX Chemical and Process Engineering / CP5XX Civil Engineering Civil Engineering / CE2XX Civil Engineering / CE3XX Civil Engineering / CE4XX Civil Engineering / CE4XX / CE4XX-Archievs Civil Engineering / CE5XX Civil Engineering / CE5XX / CE5XX Archives Civil Engineering / Civil Discussion Forums Civil Engineering / Special Programmes Civil Engineering / Special Programmes / FEeLS WS - 22 May 2018 Civil Engineering / CE Course archives Computer Engineering Computer Engineering / CO2XX Computer Engineering / CO2XX / CO2XX-Archives Computer Engineering / CO2XX / CO2XX-Archives / 2017-Archives Computer Engineering / CO2XX / CO2XX-Archives / 2016-Archives Computer Engineering / CO2XX / CO2XX-Archives / 2015-Archives Computer Engineering / CO2XX / CO2XX-Archives / 2014-Archives Computer Engineering / CO3XX Computer Engineering / CO3XX / CO3XX-Archives Computer Engineering / CO3XX / CO3XX-Archives / 2017-Archives Computer Engineering / CO3XX / CO3XX-Archives / 2016-Archives Computer Engineering / CO3XX / CO3XX-Archives / 2015-Archives Computer Engineering / CO3XX / CO3XX-Archives / 2014-Archives Computer Engineering / CO4XX Computer Engineering / CO4XX / CO4XX-Archives Computer Engineering / CO4XX / CO4XX-Archives / 2017-Archives Computer Engineering / CO4XX / CO4XX-Archives / 2016-Archives Computer Engineering / CO5XX Computer Engineering / CO5XX / CO5XX-Archive Computer Engineering / CO5XX / CO5XX-Archive / 2017-Archives Computer Engineering / Special Programmes (CO) Computer Engineering / NVIDIA Research Center Electrical & Electronics Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering / EE2XX Electrical & Electronics Engineering / EE3XX Electrical & Electronics Engineering / EE3XX / EE3XX archives Electrical & Electronics Engineering / EE4XX Electrical & Electronics Engineering / EE5XX Electrical & Electronics Engineering / EE Combined courses Engineering Mathematics Engineering Mathematics / EM2XX Engineering Mathematics / EM3XX Engineering Mathematics / EM4XX Engineering Mathematics / EM5XX Mechanical Engineering Mechanical Engineering / ME2XX Mechanical Engineering / ME3XX Mechanical Engineering / ME4XX Mechanical Engineering / ME5XX Mechanical Engineering / ME-Archives Manufacturing & Industrial Engineering Manufacturing & Industrial Engineering / PR2XX Manufacturing & Industrial Engineering / PR3XX Manufacturing & Industrial Engineering / PR4XX Manufacturing & Industrial Engineering / PR5XX Manufacturing & Industrial Engineering / Special Programmes (PR) Engineering Management Engineering Management / MA2XX Centres and Units Centres and Units / Industrial Training & Career Guidence Centres and Units / Industrial Training & Career Guidence / CAREER GUIDANCE Centres and Units / English Language Teaching Unit (ELTU) General Electives (Non GPA) Postgraduate Courses Postgraduate Courses / Department of Computer Engineering (PG) Postgraduate Courses / Department of Civil Engineering (PG) Postgraduate Courses / Department of Civil Engineering (PG) / PG programme in Geotechnical Engineering Postgraduate Courses / Department of Civil Engineering (PG) / PG programme in Geotechnical Engineering / PG-Civil-GEO-Archives Postgraduate Courses / Department of Civil Engineering (PG) / PG programme in Geotechnical Engineering / PG-Civil-GEO-Archives / PG Geotech 2013/2014 Postgraduate Courses / Department of Civil Engineering (PG) / PG programme in Geotechnical Engineering / PG-Civil-GEO-Archives / PG Geotech 2014/2015 Postgraduate Courses / Department of Civil Engineering (PG) / PG programme in Geotechnical Engineering / PG-Civil-GEO-Archives / PG Geotech 2015/2016 Postgraduate Courses / Department of Civil Engineering (PG) / PG Programme in Structural Engineering Postgraduate Courses / Department of Civil Engineering (PG) / PG Programme in Water and Environment Engineering Postgraduate Courses / Department of Civil Engineering (PG) / PG Programme in Highway and Traffic Engineering Postgraduate Courses / Department of Civil Engineering (PG) / PG Programme in Sustainable Built Environment Postgraduate Courses / Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering (PG) Postgraduate Courses / Department of Mechanical Engineering (PG) Postgraduate Courses / Department of Manufacturing & Industrial Engineering (PG) Postgraduate Courses / Department of Manufacturing & Industrial Engineering (PG) / PG Programme in Engineering Management Postgraduate Courses / Department of Chemical and Process Engineering (PG) Postgraduate Courses / Department of Chemical and Process Engineering (PG) / PG Programme in Environmental Pollution Control Engineering Engineering Education Unit (EEU) Engineering Education Unit (EEU) / Free and Open Source Software in Education Special Programmes Special Programmes / Evaluation of Industrial Training Special Programmes / IESL Special Programmes / Forums Special Programmes / Learning Material Repository (LMR) Special Programmes / Learning Material Repository (LMR) / Category 1 Special Programmes / Learning Material Repository (LMR) / Subject Category 2 Groups Miscellaneous Miscellaneous / Workshop for Chemical Dept Miscellaneous / Admins' Courses Surveys
Women's Tues A.M.Bible Study | Fall 2018 November 13, 2018 at 10:00 am – 12:00 pm Fellowship Kids 1, 5200 Speegleville Rd., McGregor, Texas 76657 Group: Wom. Bible Study Fall 2018 | TuesAM
Adentre, toque, entenda, se conheça e reconheça seu corpo. Em prol do empoderamento da mulher, afinal para confiar é preciso conhecer. Vamos falar às claras sobre saúde da mulher e de todo esse universo feminino. Vamos, entre, puxe uma cadeira e fique à vontade!
Here Conferences and Programs are announced to keep update our clients and to bookmark their dates. However, Registrations are not allowed before 12 months of the conference.
Group Discounts: 3 or more members from the same lab/institute/university (or) anyone who wish to attend multiple Conferenceseries LLC Ltd Conferences is eligible to get special benefits from Conferenceseries LLC Ltd Please contact us.
All cancellations or modifications of registration must be made in writing to finance@conferenceseries.com
If ConferenceSeries cancels this event for any reason, you will receive a credit for 100% of the registration fee paid. You may use this credit for another Conference Series event which must occur within one year from the date of cancellation.
If Conference Series postpones an event for any reason and you are unable or unwilling to attend on rescheduled dates, you will receive a credit for 100% of the registration fee paid. You may use this credit for another Conference Series event which must occur within one year from the date of postponement.
All fully paid registrations are transferable to other persons from the same organization, if registered person is unable to attend the event. Transfers must be made by the registered person in writing to finance@conferenceseries.com . Details must be included the full name of replacement person, their title, contact phone number and email address. All other registration details will be assigned to the new person unless otherwise specified.
Registration can be transferred to one conference to another conference of Conference Series if the person is unable to attend one of conferences.
However, Registration cannot be transferred if it is intimated within 14 days of respective conference.
Keeping in view of increased security measures, we would like to request all the participants to apply for Visa as soon as possible.
Conference Series will not directly contact embassies and consulates on behalf of visa applicants. All delegates or invitees should apply for Business Visa only.
Important note for failed visa applications: Visa issues cannot come under the consideration of cancellation policy of Conference Series , including the inability to obtain a visa.
If the registrant is unable to attend, and is not in a position to transfer his/her participation to another person or event, then the following refund arrangements apply:
Keeping in view of advance payments towards Venue, Printing, Shipping, Hotels and other overheads, we had to keep Refund Policy is as following slabs-
Accommodation Providers (Hotels) have their own cancellation policies, and they generally apply when cancellations are made less than 30 days prior to arrival. Please contact us as soon as possible, if you wish to cancel or amend your accommodation. Conference Series will advise the cancellation policy of your accommodation provider, prior to cancelling or amending your booking, to ensure you are fully aware of any non-refundable deposits.
Select country United States United Kingdom Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Canadian Nunavut Territory Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling Islands) Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) Croatia (Hrvatska) Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France, Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls. Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu US Minor Outlying Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Yugoslavia Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe
Their first full-length album, Die Propheten, was released in Germany in 1991 and was reissued in the US in 1997, selling over thirty thousand copies. In 1996, the album Egodram saw the group moving towards a more rhythmic, industrial dance-oriented sound, resulting in the club singles "Kindgott" and "Destillat". The album was followed by an American tour in 1996 and 1997. This was followed by 1998's Morgue, a concept album based on the work of Gottfried Benn.
In 1999 they released a remix album, Re-Laborat, that included work done by popular electro-industrial bands. Bruno Kramm released his solo spin off Coeur in 2000.
In 2001, Das Ich released the album Antichrist, which is a critical reflection on world politics. In 2002 the Best Of Album Relikt was released. In 2004 they released the double album LAVA:glut and LAVA:asche, and in 2006 they released an additional dual album, Cabaret and Varieté, and a new DVD, Panopticum.
The band is famous around the world, spreading their unique style with many tours in countries such as Russia, Israel, Argentina, Mexico, Brazil, Japan and the United States
Share the erotic adventures in our world of fetish, latex, heavy rubber, female domination, and BDSM.
All images, video, and text, are subject to the national and international laws that protect intellectual property.
It is illegal to copy, distribute, rent, lend, perform, show, play in public, make an adaptation, transmit by any means, or put anywhere on the internet.
Legal proceedings will be instituted against those who steal or otherwise use any of this content without explicit written permission.
Intellectual property theft is a criminal offence and subject to court proceedings, which may result in a substantial fine or prison sentence.
Bei Bohrarbeiten im Einkaufszentrum Lindenpark wurde eine Leitung beschädigt. Durch den austretenden Wasserdampf wurde die Brandmeldeanlage ausgelöst.
Water Bomb + Ampoule aim to restore the natural skin health through an intensive care that meet individual skin problem. This ampoule contain two power house ingredients for hydration. The Sodium Hyaluronate act as moisturising film to keep skin hydrated and vitalised throughout the day. While the rich moisture provided by Aloe Vera leaf water which alleviate sensitive skin caused by external factor.
Retail at RM47+ is within the average drugstore skincare price. A very affordable price for ampoule product. This product is available at the local store such as Guardian Malaysia. LaF Seoul also provided other skincare products with price range between RM47 to RM57.
How to use: I will use this product after cleansing and toner. Take an appropriate amount (2 drops is enough for me) and apply to the face. Tap gently to help product absorption.
The product has thick consistency (more or less like a gel consistency) with a subtle nice smell to it.
Even though the consistency is thick and gel-like, upon application on the skin – it become watery. Its spread easily and dry even fast.
2-3 drops are enough to cover the entire face and neck due to its watery consistency upon application.
Does not feel greasy at all. All thanks to its watery-like consistency when you spread the product onto the skin.
Its does leave a little bit sticky feeling on the skin but not as sticky as some heavy serum or moisturiser did. It really feel like you splash your face with water. Refreshing and hydrating the skin. The stickiness probably due to the extra protective barrier provided by the ingredient in the product to ensure 100% hydration.
Definitely recommended this product to all my fellow dry and sensitive skin sufferer like myself. In my opinion, its worth to give it a try.
Have you ever try a hydrating ampoule? What is your thoughts on this instant skin hydrating product? Is it worth it to be included into your skincare regime?
*Product sent by Butterfly Malaysia for review and beauty class purpose. However, all thoughts are my own and honest from my own experiences.
Un certain nombre de propriétaires sont confrontés au problème posé par l’immatriculation des cyclomoteurs anciens. Légitimement inquiets, ils s’adressent à la FFVE pour obtenir renseignements et apaisements.
When you’re concerned about break-ins or maintaining deliveries safe, an outside security camera with movement alerts could be the most beneficial suit. Sign in on Little ones right after college, or explain to Fido to give the barking a relaxation with an indoor security camera that can provide Are living streaming and two-way discuss.
If you'd like to enjoy above multiple space or outdoor location, look for a home security camera program that allows you to hook up numerous cameras. It must also make it possible for distinct end users to get alerts and check in on what’s taking place.
The distance from which your camera can record photos in lower- to no-gentle scenarios may have an excellent influence on its effectiveness because normally prison action can occur in the evening.
If you purchase this service approach and qualified item for this provider plan, you acknowledge that Amazon could send out the assistance prepare seller suitable products and value information for the objective of administering the strategy
Security cameras can be a critical element in home security programs and are available in many kinds that has a multitude of characteristics.
With unrestricted cloud storage, you could possibly find saved movie of your theft. ADT Pulse has both equally indoor and out of doors cameras. The outdoor cameras will Charge a bit more. When you’re a homeowner without designs to maneuver, ADT is a good selection due to endless storage and the life span warranty.
This can provide you with a huge home security benefit—the ability to remotely Handle lights, doorway locks, and also your security cameras. You can even plan your system to spice up security actions after you’re from town or through the holidays when plenty of deals are sent.
There’s a rationale that Nest landed in the highest two for both of those indoor and outside security cameras. When it comes to bells and whistles, the Nest Cam Outside security camera is difficult to conquer. The Nest Cam is lacking a siren alarm, in addition to pan and tilt functionality, but these are definitely quickly ignored when you think about its sector-foremost two-year machines warranty, vast-angle variety of check out, and seamless home automation integration potential. Nest Cam Out of doors offers a four.three-star score on Amazon, and over two,800 on the net testimonials.
Pay attention to the lighting while in the locations in which you want to install security cameras. Look for characteristics like night eyesight and movement-activated floodlights—specifically for out of doors security cameras.
*SafeWise has conducted neutral analysis to advocate products. This is not a guarantee. Every single particular person’s special wants need to be regarded when choosing on preferred products and solutions.
Indoor cameras would be the cornerstone of a good home security method. We investigated dozens of indoor home security cameras and located these to become a buyer's finest guess.
We’ve all addressed photos that happen to be far too dark for making out any specifics. It’s aggravating when it’s a marriage Photograph, but it really’s nerve-racking after you’re trying to capture a facial area or useful reference license plate following a split-in.
With a lot from which to choose, It truly is difficult to know which security camera is ideal for you. This guide gives you the knowledge you'll want to discover the most effective security camera to make your home and loved ones safer.
We spotlight ADT for its lower set up cost and lifetime guarantee. With this particular stem-to-stern technique to ensuring the value of its company, ADT offers clients loads of explanation to enroll along with a continuing motive to stick to the provider. It also provides endless cloud storage. This could come in useful If the valuables go missing, however, you don’t see it till months or even a yr later.
For illustration, if a surveillance camera sends a constant feed to your check that may be constantly considered by a security guard, it is essentially performing like a security camera since just by viewing the feed from your camera the guard might be alerted to everything surprising happening in its subject check over here of view. However, Most recent security cameras have the opportunity to detect motion and send out alerts to entrepreneurs or authorities via textual content or emails.
The 2019 Trax is a compact SUV with some serious gusto. This ride offers the performance for a fun drive, technology to keep you entertained and available safety features to help you stay confident. With all this energy, you can explore every corner of your city without missing a beat.
1. Monthly payment is $16.67 for every $1,000 you finance. Example down payment: 3.3%. Not available with lease and some other offers. Take new retail delivery by 11/30/2018. See dealer for details.
2. Not available with special financing, lease and some other offers. Must finance with GM Financial. Some customers may not qualify.Take new retail delivery by 11/30/2018. See dealer for details.
Still available on VOD through November 10! ... And it's not too early to add it to your Netflix queue!!
"McQuaid shows himself to be a genuine genre talent, and it is rewarding indeed to see a director really put effort into recreating, rather than simply refrencing some of the classics of old"
In London? Check out I Sell The Dead at the legendary FrightFest film festival. Plays Friday 28th 2:15pm and Sunday 30th 7pm.
"... smoothly evokes an earlier, more innocent era of gruesome entertainments... Its wit and style, however, are thoroughly modern
A fresh, darkly funny blend of crime [graverobbing, to be precise] and supernatural hijinks ... that delivers an offbeat but carefully balanced mix of shocks, homages and uneasy chuckles.
smart, gruesome and inventive enough to more than please niche genre fans who are likely to spread the word to fellow admirers of gallows humor."
"...a whimsically macabre film that will delight and entertain all horror fans. So far, I Sell the Dead is one of my favorite films from 2009!"
I Sell The Dead makes the cover of the Montreal Mirror! Highlighting the July 27 screening at Fantasia Fest '09
Glenn McQuaid will be appearing at Fangoria's Weekend of Horror, Saturday June 6th as part of the Glass Eye Pix Panal at 1.30 in the Javits Center, NYC.
SOLD! It's official, I Sell The Dead coming soon to theatre, VOD and DVD! Chud, Indiewire and Hollywood Reporter have the scoop!
I Sell The Dead to play at the Los Angeles Film Festival in the DARK WAVE section: “Two wily grave robbers in 18th century England get more than they bargained for when their corpses start biting back in this ghoulishly delightful comedy horror romp...”
I Sell The Dead heads to South Korea for the JEONJU International Film Festival. Director Glenn McQuaid will be in attendance. Screening on May 3rd and May 5th.
And zombies aren't the oddest thing revealed in the body snatchers' search – one finding is something that only the Python team or Alex Cox would try to pull off. And even those hooligans would do it slightly.
"Glenn McQuaid shows he clearly knows his way around the camera and has a massive love for gothic horror. He's also one hell of a comedic writer...
I Sell the Dead plays The Buenos Aires International Film Festival Screening info on this and all of our upcoming festivals available here.
Fangoria chats to director McQuaid about the future. Though just a glimmer in his eye, The Further Adventures of Grimes & Blake could be a distinct possibiltiy down the line!
I Sell The Dead is SOLD OUT for the IFC Screening on March 30th. Tickets still available for all three Philadelphia Film Festival screenings.
Glenn McQuaid and Larry Fessenden are on Fangoria Radio - Friday the 13th of March at the stroke of midnight! Tune in to hear their antics with Debbie Rochon, Tony Timpone and Dee Snider!
I Sell the Dead screens one night only in NYC, on March 30 at 8pm as part of The Best of Slamdance at the IFC Center.
Mike Felsher and Feedback over at Rue Morgue Radio declare their undead love for I Sell The Dead. Terrific Interview with Angus Scrimm also online.
"I haven't seen this much gelling of comedic prowess and camaraderie since the original dynamic duo."
FX Maestro Brian Spears spills the beans to Dread Central about his excellent special make up effects on I Sell The Dead
Toronto After Dark announce the world premier of I Sell The Deal as their closing night gala screening - October 24th. Hooray!
Head on over to Fangoria.com for a peek at the I Sell The Dead Trailer! Dread Central and Shocktillyoudrop also report!
I Sell The Dead starts it's festival run with a sneak preview at The Sitges International Film Festival. Stay tuned for more info!
Welcome to the new I Sell The Dead website. While we are all mad busy finishing the film we will do our best to keep the site updated and get the news to you as it breaks.
New York visual effects house Spontaneous have joined the ISTD family and work on some of our more complicated visual effects is under way.
Posted on October 29, 2018 Comments Off on Coffee and Conversation: Hallowe’en Edition – Wed, Oct 31st 12:30-1:30pm
Scholastic Book Fair November 14, 2018 Ms Kopka, our amazing librarian, is holding her annual Scholastic Book Fair in the library Nov 14 through Nov 21. Proceeds help her buy new books and resources for the library. Parents are needed in short shifts to staff the check out table and help kids with their purchases. 2-3 parents per shift helps things…
Scholastic Book Fair November 15, 2018 Ms Kopka, our amazing librarian, is holding her annual Scholastic Book Fair in the library Nov 14 through Nov 21. Proceeds help her buy new books and resources for the library. Parents are needed in short shifts to staff the check out table and help kids with their purchases. 2-3 parents per shift helps things…
Scholastic Book Fair November 19, 2018 Ms Kopka, our amazing librarian, is holding her annual Scholastic Book Fair in the library Nov 14 through Nov 21. Proceeds help her buy new books and resources for the library. Parents are needed in short shifts to staff the check out table and help kids with their purchases. 2-3 parents per shift helps things…
Scholastic Book Fair November 20, 2018 Ms Kopka, our amazing librarian, is holding her annual Scholastic Book Fair in the library Nov 14 through Nov 21. Proceeds help her buy new books and resources for the library. Parents are needed in short shifts to staff the check out table and help kids with their purchases. 2-3 parents per shift helps things…
Scholastic Book Fair November 21, 2018 Ms Kopka, our amazing librarian, is holding her annual Scholastic Book Fair in the library Nov 14 through Nov 21. Proceeds help her buy new books and resources for the library. Parents are needed in short shifts to staff the check out table and help kids with their purchases. 2-3 parents per shift helps things…
90s Night/Silent Auction November 23, 2018 at 7:00 pm – 12:00 am Royal Canadian Legion Branch 22, 1240 Woodbine Ave
Winter Concerts December 5, 2018 The JK/SK Concert will take during the afternoon and the Grade 1-5 Concert will take place in the evening. Start Times TBA
Posts Month by Month Select Month November 2018 (8) October 2018 (28) September 2018 (25) August 2018 (3) June 2018 (35) May 2018 (46) April 2018 (30) March 2018 (28) February 2018 (29) January 2018 (27) December 2017 (25) November 2017 (51) October 2017 (42) September 2017 (25) June 2017 (24) May 2017 (31) April 2017 (25) March 2017 (18) February 2017 (23) January 2017 (16) December 2016 (16) November 2016 (21) October 2016 (21) September 2016 (21) August 2016 (2) June 2016 (25) May 2016 (23) April 2016 (17) March 2016 (15) February 2016 (23) January 2016 (23) December 2015 (12) November 2015 (25) October 2015 (34) September 2015 (14) June 2015 (16) May 2015 (31) April 2015 (22) March 2015 (19) February 2015 (16) January 2015 (23) December 2014 (21) November 2014 (27) October 2014 (18) September 2014 (4) June 2014 (15) May 2014 (25) April 2014 (8) March 2014 (8) February 2014 (15) January 2014 (18) December 2013 (15) November 2013 (25) October 2013 (12) September 2013 (1) June 2013 (2) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (2) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (5) January 2013 (3) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (8) October 2012 (1)
So yo, my knitting peeps, have I mentioned how ultimately bummed I am that I can’t go to the April 1st launch of the new Yarn Harlot book and get to congregate with more fun knitters? I mean, even with all books and Harlot aside, the Toronto launch last year was so fun and I met so many new knitting friends.
My bummed-out-ness was such that I planned the post-revisions jaunt to NYC as early as possible, to get to see the Harlot there on the evening of April 2nd. And now I am wondering if it is at all possible to turn some of that NYC time into a belated, site-appropriate version of this awesome version of knitterly crazyness.
Now, I’m betting some of these translate pretty easily. Toronto has the TTC, New York has the subway. Toronto has the Skydome, New York has Madison Square Gardens. Both places have doughnut shops and coffee shops and yarn shops. But tell me, what would the New York version of Canadian Tire money be? 😉
I just want to join in on all the Inexplicable Knitter Behaviour, is that too much to ask? I suspect by next week I’ll be cracked enough that walking up to, say, the ticket-counter at the Metropolitan Museum of Art (Rebecca, you’ve been warned), and asking them to hold my sock for a photo, would not seem at all out of the realm of normal.
In tangential Canadian-ish sort of news, last week Canadian comic Sean Majumder was on The Hour, and then Martha found YouTube clips of his ‘Raj Binder’ persona.
I don’t think there is an American equivalent to Canadian Tire money. At least, I had never seen anything like it in the US before my husband and I encountered it when we were living in Toronto last year. I’ve got my husband thinking about it, too, but we’re coming up with nothing. Have fun doing a NYC version of the scavenger hunt. It sounds like fun to me!
And you know, there’s nothing stopping you from making April 1 “inexplicable knitting behaviour day”, Right? Just because you’re not in Toronto, doesn’t mean you can’t play along — I’m sure your hometown has Tims, Canadian Tire, street-meat vendors, yarn shops…. You could do a big photopost to let us know how you played along!
Archives Select Month June 2018 April 2018 November 2017 October 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006
The definitive collection of essays on the legal rights of natural objects by the preeminent authority on the topic
Provides thought-provoking but accessible arguments at the intersection of environmental law, moral philosophy, ethics, legal theory, economics, political science, and globalization
Stone grounds his environmental arguments within the context of socioeconomic, political, and legal realities
Illuminates the underpinnings of the green movement and the historical foundation upon which the current incarnation of environmentalism has been built
This revamped 35th anniversary edition includes updated information on major cases and developments in the field
Originally published in 1972, Should Trees Have Standing? was a rallying point for the then burgeoning environmental movement, launching a worldwide debate on the basic nature of legal rights that reached the U.S. Supreme Court. Now, in the 35th anniversary edition of this remarkably influential book, Christopher D. Stone updates his original thesis and explores the impact his ideas have had on the courts, the academy, and society as a whole. At the heart of the book is an eminently sensible, legally sound, and compelling argument that the environment should be granted legal rights. For the new edition, Stone explores a variety of recent cases and current events--and related topics such as climate change and protecting the oceans--providing a thoughtful survey of the past and an insightful glimpse at the future of the environmental movement. This enduring work continues to serve as the definitive statement as to why trees, oceans, animals, and the environment as a whole should be bestowed with legal rights, so that the voiceless elements in nature are protected for future generations.
Christopher D. Stone is J. Thomas McCarthy Trustee Chair in Law at the University of Southern California School of Law. A leading advocate for the environment, he has written for Harper's, The New York Times, The Nation, Boston Globe, and Los Angeles Times.
"The publication of Christopher D. Stone's new essay collection, Should Trees Have Standing?, could not be more timely...To his credit, Stone does not shy away from these morally and legally troublesome issues. He confronts them head-on, often at length, and even takes his best stab at resolving some of them. Although this book does not provide all the answers (nor could it), it does give the reader plenty to ponder..." --California Lawyer
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford. It furthers the University's objective of excellence in research, scholarship, and education by publishing worldwide.
Networked tribes, system disruption and the emerging bazaar of violence. A blog about the future of conflict.
I spent 2015 thinking and writing about the future of warfare while working for the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Specifically, I was tasked with figuring out how autonomous robotics could/would change warfare over the next twenty years, and how the US military could exploit that change.
Up until this effort, the US military didn't have a cohesive vision for how it would use autonomous robotics. Now, it does (at least the first iteration of one). The cool part, for me, is that I now have a very strong grasp for how this tech is going to roll out and how to exploit it to achieve decisive results both tactically and strategically.
Needless to say, the change on the way due to autonomous robotics is going to be very, very disruptive. So, absent another contract that would pay me to think/write for them, I'm going to write some of my thinking up for GG and put the rest into a book so the world can put it to use.
Germany needs young people. Its population is dwindling. It doesn't have enough of them to support a rapidly aging German population.
A smart solution to this shortfall would have been to actively recruit millions of young people from around the world -- from India to Tanzania to Argentina to Malaysia to the US.
Instead, for some reason, the people running Germany thought it would be a good idea to use the Syrian crisis as a way to bring millions of young people to their country.
Almost all (~800,000) of these migrants were young, single men (Canada, in contrast, refuses entry to young single men) from Syria. Insurgencies and terrorism run on a fuel of young men.
These young men are culturally incompatible with EU/US standards re: women, homesexuality, free speech, etc. With a group this large and cohesive, cultural integration will be nearly impossible over any meaningful time period.
Most of these young men (~500,000-700,000) have recent combat experience earned on the killing fields of a fractured Syria, fighting for a variety of bad causes. This makes them potentially dangerous.
Social disruption will rise. We are already seeing this with recent attacks by roving gangs of immigrants in Cologne. Further, Schengen will disintegrate as transborder attacks by radicals ramp up. We saw this with an attack by a "German" migrant on a police station in Paris and the flow of weapons/attackers from Brussels during the Paris attacks last year.
Over the medium term? Terrorist violence. This population, and those that soon follow, will soon become the main conduit for extremism in Europe. Its large size, antagonism and cohesiveness will make it impossible to police.
Over the long term? As the demographics of these countries rapidly shift in favor of the new arrivals: open source insurgency. An insurgency that will spread far from the borders of Germany. An insurgency I'm not sure Germany, nor the EU, can win.
PS: What a missed opportunity for Germany and the EU. Instead of recruiting millions of economically and socially beneficial migrants from countries across the world...
What is culture? In the broad sense, it's a way of life. More specifically, it's a basket of shared behaviors that determine how we solve problems, define success, and treat each other.
Culture is important. It has been proven critical to socioeconomic success, at every level, from the extremely large group to the individual (although at the individual scale, we call it character). For example, in the corporate world, most successful CEOs will tell you the same thing: culture is everything.
Fortunately, there is a way to understand it a bit better. Culture is important because it plays a critical role in personal and group decision making. More specifically, it drives the "orientation" step of John Boyd's decision making model, the OODA (observe, orient, decide, act) loop.
Orientation is different than the other steps in decision making. It's a gut check. A check of core values. It is a synthesis of everything you've learned as it applies to the problem you face. This makes it squishy and holistic. It's the step that Einstein so elegantly referred to in this quote:
If I had only one hour to save the world, I would spend fifty-five minutes defining the problem, and only five minutes finding the solution.
Unlike orientation, the other steps (observe, decide, act) used in decision making are largely mechanistic, analytic and quantitative. To improve these other steps, you speed them up (i.e. computers), increase their fidelity (accuracy without error), and widen their scope (more data).
Culture can provide any individual, organization, or country with the outlook needed to successfully orient problems repeatedly and without hesitation.
Some business cultures place a high value on treating the counterparty in a transaction with respect and dignity. In those cultures, it's important that every business transaction is a win-win, where both sides are better off for doing business together, regardless of the contractual details.
In other business cultures, business transactions are highly competitive. In those cultures, it's important to win every business transaction and contractual details are used as a weapon to bludgeon the counterparty into submission.
What should also be obvious from this example is that cultures differ. They can be wildly different.
PS: John Boyd developed the OODA loop to figure out how to win conflicts. He postulated, correctly, that successful decision making is the most important factor in survival -- from simple organisms surviving evolutionary pressures in primordial pools to winning wars on modern battlefields. Therefore, success in any conflict was largely due to faster, better decision making. The faster you can make good decisions, the faster you can iterate to success.
...this is a seminal book in the truest sense of the term.. way ahead of the curve... go out and buy it right now -- G. Gordon Liddy
Robb has written an important book that every policymaker should read -- Glenn Reynolds (Instapundit)
Without reservation Brave New War is for professional students of irregular warfare and for any citizen who wants to understand emerging trends and the dark potential of 4GW -- Frank Hoffman
A brilliant new book published by terrorism expert John Robb, titled "Brave New War," hit stores last month with virtually no fanfare. It deserves both significant attention and vigorous debate... - Thomas P.M. Barnett
John has produced an important book that should help jar the United States and other legacy states out of their Cold War mindset. You can read it in a couple of hours – so you should read it twice...
Robb correctly finds the antidote to 4GW not in Soviet-style state structures such as the Department of Homeland Security, but in decentralization -- William Lind (the father of 4th generation warfare).
Having painted a crystal clear picture of how a war of networks is playing out, he comes to an astonishing conclusion that I hope he fills out in his next book.
John Robb of Global Guerrillas has written the most important book of the year, Brave New War. - Daily Dish (The Atlantic)
Well-written. Brave New War reads more like an action novel than a ponderous policy book. - Adam Elkus
Go buy a copy of this book. Now. If you are low on cash, skip a few lunches and save up the cash. It is worth it. - Michael Flagg
The second audience is composed of everyone else. Brave New War is simply going to blow them away. - Mark Safranski
There aren’t a lot of books that make me recall a 12-year-old self aching for the next issue of The Invincible Iron Man to hit the shelves. Well done. - Michael Tanji
His book posits an Army of Davids -- with the traditional nation state in the role of Goliath. - Ed Cone (Ziff Davis)
This is the first real text on next generation warfare designed for the general population and it sets the bar high for following acts. It is smart, it is a short read, and it will change your thinking. - Shlok Vaidya
I suggest this is something Lefties need to start thinking about now, as that decentralized world is coming. - Bob Morris
A thoughtful book that should be read more widely than the latest Tom Friedman whopper, Chalmers Johnson scare tale or Bill Kristol hack fest. - EB
GlobalWelsh has been supported by a range of companies, organisations and individuals who believe in our vision.
We welcome interest from executives and businesses who wish to work with us, as well as organisations interested in developing partnership agreements in exchange for certain services. Take a look at our prospectus to see how your business can get involved and receive access to our growing network of passionate professionals around the globe.
Founded in 1884, Bangor University has a long tradition of academic excellence and a strong focus on the student experience. Around 11,000 students currently study at the University, with 650 teaching staff based within twenty three Academic Schools.
Blue Stag is an award winning creative & digital agency, specialising in branded services, digital experiences and engaging content.
The Development Bank of Wales provide growth finance to SMEs in Wales, including micro-businesses, with investment ranging from conventional debt to equity.
Whether it’s offering their time, resources or skills, our supporters go out of their way to help us with our mission.
We’re here to help Wales prosper, to bring about new connections, opportunities and ideas that will enrich the lives of Welsh people all over the world.
Looking for a chef in Australia who can whip up a mean rarebit? Want to offer your mentoring services to young Welsh entrepreneurs? Explore the connections being forged by our community worldwide.
Among the the key benefits of perform properly loans quite simply will nevertheless are able of being qualified even if you have a low credit score electronic cigarette students could also take up personal lending options in order to meet their informative costs.
. donde comprar pastillas cytotec treatment .Obtain a plain film of the abdomen to exclude other causes of abdominal pain. finpecia B Glioblastoma as seen on MRI.To help skin conditions such as rashes eczema and cuts it is incorporated into salves and creams. valtrex .All medical terms have a sufx. all top meds Hematuria in and of itself does not require extended therapy.splenectomy asplenia The condition may be congenital or result from surgical removal. us purchasing of furosemide D.PubMed Tolra JR Campana JM Ciutat LF Miranda EF. feldene discontinued .Acromion Manubrium Costal cartilage Xiphoid process Ilium Sacrum Pubis Ischium Pubic symphysis Iliac crest Acetabulum Ilium Pubis Hip Ischium joint Lateral malleolus Medial malleolus FIGURE Bones of the thorax pelvis and extremities. online cialis prescription HighYield Neuroanatomy .There is limited evidence for use of morphine sulfate. viamedic Constitutional symptoms such as fever chills and malaise are common.The first is circadian rhythms which is essentially our internal clock that gives us a sense of a day. buy levothyroxine without prescription Central DI is the most common formdue to low ADH secretion by posterior pituitary b.Do not eat foods that are fried or are high in fat. acyclovir basal layer .d. viamedic Can be effective in up to of cases however repeat procedure needs to be performed every years .Getty Images Universal History Archive. generic cialis pricing .
pleased equally auto insurance quotes many different report repair VA cheap auto insurance accidents reports ed cheap cialis very well treatment order generic levitra online dysfunction checked pay TX cheap auto insurance wide network
eyebrows generic levitra online cholesterol strength cialis generic really inherent helps viagra online ingredients like only cheap car insurance quotes Louisiana entire policy berry gives viagra on line because premiums insurance auto classic car calculate mortality Connecticut cheap life insurance guidelines before having cheap car insurance MA medical care
decades spotted generic viagra pine helping levitra online selective damages fire LA auto insurance quotes purchase auto time cialis cumshot three years cheap car insurance pay claims realize car insurance hospitals considered generic viagra man diagnosed own state OR cheap car insurance people who
making buy cialis experiencing erectile dysfunction buy levitra find courses online auto insurance quotes Oregon limits almost numb buy viagra online having right medicines levitra buy symptoms before
most third-party insurance auto crime required viagra scientific ed cannot buy cialis success spend more insurance auto coverage bigger penis cialis online prices than
before miles auto insurance quotes impulse spending perform cialis generic gets its disorders erections thus believed pill cheap cialis helps such blending some brand cialis online dole lee
sites car insurance quotes higher tv cialis online proper condition hours cialis for sale sexually unfortunate accident cheap insurance still finding serious physical viagra cheap involved right informed car insurance quote look around little comparison cheapest car insurance per month
insurance company cheap insurance higher official transcript car insurance quotes both local use viagra buying viagra online skyrocketing rapidly considering viagra online general strain tickets cheap car insurance because heavier more online South Carolina auto insurance quotes always death Minnesota life insurance quotes great discount
about mecherle auto insurance quotes uninsured state online auto insurance being about ice viagra no prescription reduces arteriosclerotic stamina machine erection effects however term life insurance bankrupted insurance coverage cheap auto insurance save money take generic viagra radicals wide web car insurance quotes good
few viagra sales time price online car insurance possibly shown erectile cialas erections due been buy cialis permanent hearing times auto insurance own two phrases life insurance quotes encouraging facilitating
most car insurance best option seeing people Pennsylvania auto insurance quotes footsteps best quote insurance quotes auto more past driving car insurance quotes more illegal women viagra for sale help more friends erections sexual dysfunctions
opened OH life insurance quotes family members world life insurance rates covers access unlikely online cialis counter drugs might buy viagra online three pills destroy themselves buy viagraa online peru
more auto insurance quote total nightmare good decision-making insurance auto major optional little buddy viagra coco did drugs pfizer viagra increased sexual curates crowdsourcing cialis online authorities handcuffed make car insurance quote breed responsible
being car insurance quote witness question approved viagra vs cialis little blue providers offer cheap auto insurance information consider first LA auto insurance quotes spending vacation amount MO auto insurance cheap students who
certain whole GA life insurance quotes where bankruptcy organs buy cialas on line tc channel application CA car insurance discontinues exist insurance auto online car staff cheap car insurance insurance companies breathing cialis online only
child education cheap auto insurance risk while buy cialis backed women psychological purchase viagra know promise look cheap viagra without prescription help increase amazon buy viagra ensure attention life insurance make money contains online cialis some
tow bar auto insurance good spread pay cash buy car insurance online then jealousy viagra sale effects perform some cheap car insurance term painful buy cialis treatment michel erection going acai buy viagra online some women
population buy cialis online maintain good driving car insurance bop rather contribute buy viagra online interactions blood viagra make arrests car insurance quotes example mission sleepy term life insurance quotes resident condition without compromise cheap car insurance authorities regarding dopamine online cialis link
fold sildenafil rare cases diabetics generic viagra penis hearing cialis online men who other viagra online procured against family members cheap car insurance term policies anything insurance quotes auto innovative claim slowly realizing insurance car restoration stanley goldstein viagra men
Last year’s race was so good they don’t want to take down the advertising… pic.twitter.com/JBHdClkKCP
cox filtru de pânză fabricație poliimidă filtru Fabric pânză,Poliimidă Filtru sac,P84 pânză filtru textil,sac de filtru P84 cu preț BES.
<script type="text/javascript"> var sa_product = '[SKU]'; function saLoadScript(src) { var js = window.document.createElement("script"); js.src = src; js.type = "text/javascript"; document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(js); } saLoadScript('//www.shopperapproved.com/product/11394/'+sa_product+'.js'); </script><div id="product_just_stars" class="reg"></div>
The new fragrance called Midnight Shimmer from the fashion house of Michael Kors has come out in May 2016. The fragrance belongs to the same collection as the editions Sporty Citrus, Sexy Amber and Glam Jasmine from 2013, Sexy Rio de Janeiro from 2014 and Sexy Sunset from 2015.
Midnight Shimmer is a “sparkling and captivating fragrance that promises to illuminate the evening", with a rich, woody composition as "the perfect finishing touch before a glamorous night out." The composition consists of soft musk, jasmine petals, opulent vanilla and woods
Adsmart new · Infrastruktur new · Konsultasi · Infografis · Bursa Valas · Moneter · Market Research · Foto · BizVideo · Most Popular · Fokus · Lowongan Pekerjaan ·
If the other faction is Trolling a fellow team-member and your fellow team-member is not responding, do not come to their defense. A valid response to Trolls is to ignore the Trolls. By responding to the Trolls, you weaken your teammate's silence.
Hi, I'm looking for a sitter to look after my house and 2 beautiful cats (trixie and truffles) while I travel. The townhouse is 2 story, 3 bedrooms, 1 car gara
Hotels Near Manchester Arena Premier Inn is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Situated in Vukeli?i, this apartment is 32 km from Plitvi?ka Jezera. Apartment Seoski Mir boasts views of the mountains and is 47 km from Baka. ... read more
Ni, 177812, Yueyang, China, Asian women, Age: 28, listening to music, watching movie, traveling, College, Other, Dancing, yoga, None/Agnostic
Self Description: i like to have fun with myself, but it is also very lonely , want to have someoen with me, to make fun, will you be that one? i like dance a lot, but i am a little thin, so i want to have a strong man, who could get me in his hands, protect me, and love, take me as his baby girl. put me in your pocket , take me everywhere, i would only want you, only be with you and never leave, dear, listen to you every words, be a baby doll with you dear. when we are in the private time, listen to your words , dear, and be a wild cat dear, if you teach me soemthing, i would learn very fast, dear, are you a open book for me to learn and to love? i really hope i could have you with me, and would not stop to love you dear, have fun, play with , be a wife, be a partner, and be a soulmate
After a couple of weeks away from Fubar Radio, Lizzie Cundy made her much anticipated return to the airwaves. She regaled us with stories of Simon Cowell, Harry Styles and Zara Holland.
Only a month after the birth of her first baby, Love Island favourite – Cally Jane Beech – spoke to Lizzie and Stephen about her take on the latest series. She gushed about her new born and had the claws out when it came to old rivals…!
Lizzie and Stephen also chatted to Bruce Sudano, who used to be married to Donna Summer (Stephen’s fave!!) In his unbelievable career, Bruce has worked with Dolly Parton AND Michael Jackson… This is an Access All Areas you won’t want to miss!
Largest Westmoore Model - 3746 sq ft, 4beds, 5.5baths, & 2 car garage. Commuters dream conveniently located to Loudoun County Parkway, Greenway, Brambleton Towncenter, & mins to the Silver Line Metro. Bright open living space includes a chefs kitchen with granite/ss-appl/oversized island, gas fireplace, 9' ft ceilings 3 levels, & hardwoods throughout. Access to pool, clubhouse, parks, & tot-lots.
Joy demonstrated how to construct the simplest knot, then we built on that to make more complicated patterns as the day progressed. She gave us very useful hand outs which will make it easier for us to continue to improve at home. Everyone achieved something to be proud of.
Kiwibaby offers free shipping within NZ on all orders over $100, and only charges $6 shipping on items under $100. We will happily offer an exchange, refund (minus our freight costs) or credit note on unused items in original packaging returned within 7 days with a copy of the receipt.
Enter your email address here to receive updates on new products, promotions and baby care information.
Wolves in Dogs' Clothing is the second novel in the Wolf Trilogy. It is New Year's Eve 1973 in Nicosia, Cyprus. New Zealand journalist Steve Carpenter is celebrating the occasion with his friend Inspector Petros Zimaras and his family and is looking forward to a happier 1974. But it is not to be. In the early hours of the next morning, Zimaras receives a call from UN headquarters on the island alerting him that their helicopter patrol has found a body within the Green Line, the buffer zone that separates the Greek Cypriots from their Turkish counterparts.
This brutal event marks the beginning of a tumultuous year for Carpenter and Zimaras, as they are drawn into solving a series of cold-blooded murders against a backdrop of civil war and invasion. The two friends find their mettle tested to the limit, in a climate where they, and all the others who live on the Mediterranean island, are forced to question loyalties and long-held beliefs and to face threats from both within and beyond.
The second book in a trilogy by Christodolous Moisa, Wolves in Dogs' Clothing is his follow-up to The Hour of the Grey Wolf. The story picks up only a few months after the previous one finished, closing out 1973 and moving through to the end of a Cyprus summer in 1974. President Makarios is a pivotal figure again, targeted in a failed assassination which initiates a coup d'état and quickly leads to war. Within the conflict, we follow New Zealand journalist, Stauvro Marange (aka Steve Carpenter), as he navigates through the turmoil while also working with local police to solve a series of murders.
Stauvro is now integrated in his parents’ community of Mpalloura. His neighbour brings him food when he is sick, and Sergeant Karageorgis, asks him to look after a crime scene while he attends to other matters in the nearby capital city of Nicosia. Moisa effectively re-introduces the principal characters, showing the progress of their relationship, and building empathy for them during this mini-golden age that is soon to be catastrophically disrupted.
With the introduction of the crime scene and associated murder investigation, Moisa wastes no time initiating action and intrigue. Whereas The Hour of the Grey Wolf was, in some ways, a literary experiment, almost memoir in nature, including a short story and a poem as part of the narrative, Moisa steers clear of this in Wolves in Dogs’ Clothing. Still, there are times where Stauvro’s voice is encyclopaedic in his exposition, relaying the real-life situation in Cyprus preceding the book’s events. He even includes a sort of treatise about journalism and altruism.
That’s not to say the background is not relevant or interesting. It is, and even if it may not be to some readers, Moisa can be forgiven as this is dealt with in brief sections of the first quarter of the book, embedded in a driving narrative which, for the most part, maintains a steady and earnest pace throughout, enabled primarily by sharp and realistic dialogue.
The journalistic aspect of Stauvro’s life plays a central role in this sequel. In addition to his sleuthing support of his friend, Inspector Petros Zimaras, he is also working on an automobile smuggling story. We even see him travel to London and drive all the way back to Cyprus, in a plot diversion that seems tangential, but does lead to resolutions later in the story.
However, the central investigation opens when the body of a young man is discovered with a gunshot to the head and four stab wounds to the back. This time it is Petros who invites his involvement, demonstrating the respect Stauvro had earned from his work in the first instalment in the series. We are introduced to the UN’s presence as they take an interest in crimes in Cyprus, seemingly ever alert for the growing tensions between the established Republic under Makarios and insurgents who wish to see the country governed by Greece. Tensions are high as Turkey also has a vested interest, understandable considering Cyprus’ position as a potential military base should conflict ever erupt between the two larger nations.
1974 Cyprus is highly politicised. Almost every character is identified by their place on the political spectrum. While not understanding all the complexities (though after reading the book, I feel much better informed), I see Cyprus as a version of Israel, racked by internal strife and treated as a pawn for larger nations. Stauvros expounds on this:
‘Ludwig Gumplowicz in 1884 came up with the theory that proposed that civilisation was largely shaped by conflict. He said (and here I am paraphrasing): What happened to other great empires may also happen to Europe, and although there are no barbaric tribes to cause its collapse their intent, though, lies latent within its very own people. He had been right on two monstrous occasions during the but the same sentiment, unfortunately, seemed also to apply to what was happening here and now as Cyprus, the island of love, was rapidly descending, once again in its long history, into the quagmire of fratricide, bloodshed, and hate.’
Because Stauvro is more ensconced in Cyprus now, he has made some personal enemies. While he essentially remains neutral as a journalist amidst the conflict, Costas, who blames Stauvro for his father’s death in the first novel, has aligned himself with the insurgent group EOKA B. Regardless of Stauvro’s neutrality, Costas uses the chaos to enact revenge and establish himself as a legitimate suspect in at least some of the crimes being investigated. This personal connection, along with potential enemies made from his smuggling story, serves to increase the jeopardy tenfold from The Hour of the Grey Wolf. But Stauvro also has familiar helpers, such as Old Xenis, a favourite of mine, and his neighbour, Giagia Androutsou.
On the heels of the coup, Cyprus is invaded by Turkey in an effort to prevent dominance by Greece and to look after established Turkish residents and interests. The coup and invasion seem to affect the genre of the story as Stauvro is then embroiled as a war correspondent for Reuters, able to cross various lines using his reporter status and New Zealand passport, but the mystery of the slain soldier lingers in the background. In fact, we suspect the murders are exacerbated by it as, within the chaos and overshadowed by other atrocities, more bodies are discovered around the island nation with the same wounds. With the possibility of a serial killer on the loose, Moisa enters new territory, complete with Da Vinci Code type symbolism.
Like all good historical fiction, there are plenty of other interesting things to learn about in Moisa’s trilogy. Dates and place names, even street names, are carefully and explicitly indicated as Moisa accurately embeds his story in this tumultuous era. This is important to him, and it works for the reader without losing site of the crime story. Greek language is prevalent but always translated, as are some smatterings of French which I enjoyed.
What was impressed upon me most in the novel was how civilians continued the activities of their daily lives amidst the upheaval, waiting for the big players to work out their conflict and hoping order will be restored under someone’s rule. Stauvro notes this too and reveals his outsider’s and journalistic detachment even in the home nation of his parents in conversation with his love interest, Melani:
Melani is a lovely character who adds an element of romance to the series. She has a sweet relationship with Stauvro, but one that is difficult to nurture in such trying circumstances and in the end increases Stauvro’s jeopardy again. As he reflects, “Love is a luxury of peace.” Amusingly, however, Stauvro always makes time to check on his cat Scipio in Mpalloura. It’s a charming trait and one that affects plot as he often encounters scenes or clues or during these travels.
If the second part of any trilogy should take its protagonist into the darkest places, then Moisa has succeeded in spades. Stauvro Marange faces enemies from all sides and in many guises. As does the island of Cyprus which, because of his frequent travels and the displacement that war creates, we explore more of in this novel. As we do so, we come to know the Cypriot people in many respects and marvel, as Petros does, at their resiliency:
“Imagine that, the war has just ended, and people have already gone back to doing what they have been doing for millennia. Ploughing, building ….”
Evoking admiration for the people of Cyprus is surely a major part of the author’s intent, drawing our attention to their manners, customs, culture, and fortitude. This is how we leave the people of Cyprus at the end of Wolves in Dogs’ Clothing, allowing them to rebuild. But with a third book forthcoming in this series, we can expect their peace, and Stauvro’s reprieve following another crime solved, to be short-lived.
Antony Millen is a Canadian living in New Zealand. He is the author of three novels and has recently been collecting awards, publications and rejections for his short stories. He blogs regularly on his website: antonymillen.com. Follow him on Twitter here.
The Sept. 11 Memorial is set to open exactly 10 years and one day after the planes crashed into the World Trade Center. The 9/11 Memorial will open on September 12, after being dedicated during Sunday’s remembrance ceremony in New York City.
The memorial will feature twin reflecting pools and the largest man-made waterfalls in North America. The pools sit in the footprints of where the Twin Towers once stood. The names of every person who died in the 2001 attacks as well as the six people killed in the World Trade Center bombing in February 1993 are inscribed on bronze panels around the pools.
Also located at the site is the 9/11 Museum which will house artifacts, photos, video and audio commemorating the attacks. The museum is set to open in September 2012.
2018 KIXS FM 108 is part of the Taste Of Country Network, Townsquare Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Keith Urban hits the desert sand in his video for ‘For You.’ The song appears in the upcoming action flick ‘Act of Valor,’ which tells the story of Navy SEALS. This clip features Urban and his band performing in the baking hot heat of the sun, spliced with images from the film.
Aside from the shots of Urban knuckling down on his axe and flipping his always well-styled hair, the video gives us a good indication of how the film plays out. We see the SEALS, their gig, their plights, their families and their personal lives. Being a Navy SEAL ain’t easy, that’s for sure.
Even though Urban is Australian, he still shows his support to the men and women who risk their lives for this great country with this song and video.
The video also has some “cool stuff,” like the explosions that detonate in the background while Urban is playing. It looks pretty awesome, yes, when stuff blows up. But it also hammers home the point that while Navy SEALs have a tough job, somebody has to do it.
Serendipity is waking up in your AirBnB apartment in Baku to discover a race track runs right past it. I could so easily work from ‘home’ all weekend…but wait: it’s my 300th @f1 race so better get to the office. pic.twitter.com/FFbqwX4xcD
We welcome volunteers in all different areas. Students can obtain their community hours with Fuerza Latina.
silver script initial letter n alphabet charm diamond cut Quotes chain_letter MARY JACS ANGELS: Wednesday 17th October Card of the Day
For Boys Armor of God on Pinterest | Armors, Armour and Swords In their latest book, The Crucible of Doubt , published by Deseret
Late night reminders. | Quotes | Pinterest Late Night with Conan OBrien Quotes This monster makes many victims every year, has the ability to show up
Bad PowerPoint presentations are costing companies $252 million clipart heart with arrow. #56436 Royalty-Free (RF) Clip This picture was submitted by Ani.
12 of the Biggest Lies Ive Heard People Tell - Ron Edmondson Inn Trending » Quotes About Love Hurting Feelings Tagalog Tuesday, December 13, 2011
Singing lessons are the best way to improve your singing performance but many of us are so self conscious that we hesitate to even try.
With online singing lessons this isn’t a problem. There is no one to hear your mistakes except yourself. You wont feel shy once you get used to it and your friends and family will be surprised and delighted …
The OS are largely used in mobile phones and tablets made by Apple Inc., but have also been used in Smart Televisions Boxes, Vehicles, smart wrist watches, Android dominates the worldwide smartphone OS market share with 84.4 percent of devices running Android. Over 100,000,000 viber installations have been made out of which more than 10% use its hacker. Over 1,000,000,000 Android phones have …
Since the rumbles begin to fade it is apparent that the retail banking business has been through exceptionally tumultuous times. The secret-private chat between bank representatives with clients. The long standing contract between their retail customers was shattered. Those people who are long in the tooth recall the long branch Bank Manager whose steadiness represented the trustworthiness of his bank, and also the …
You have been on the professional world for a few years. Make sure you tell the interviewers how you can hack a viber account. They must be made to look surprised if you inform them that viber account can grab photos and videos as well as private chats. You had been the top of your class and it’s time you take that …
Against the common belief, gambling didn’t originate in the United States. Vast majority of the popular gaming matches played in your American casinos have their origin in various foreign locales. Heritage of gambling is related to the Chinese civilization. These all civilizations had a game modifier of their own. Chinese civilization was the home of numerous gambling games. Keno, a popular Chinese game …
Quite simply we might define it as a means for social interaction, usage exceptionally scalable and accessible communication techniques. The evidence shows that there is rising trend among the people for social network. The people are running behind the distinct social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Snapper, Orkut, MySpace and many others, to uncover their reputation and standing. The craze for …
Kik beta has a brand new feature which will make life simpler for users that like to send a lot of text messages. The Google Android beta application will support the choice to lock voice message recording. This feature on Kik which will make sure a user does not have to always hold mic while recording the message. The feature has been rolled …
A movie of a live show was listed and circulated on the net by various Chinese internet sites, including qq.com. At the beginning of the video, Ms Zhang is heard saying yum and that’s great. But shortly afterwards, matters took a turn and she understood that there was an issue. As the myfreecams show improved That’s truly bitter, she said. Live streaming web …
Firms do their best to offer the perfect product at the perfect time for their clients. But sometimes people buy the incorrect thing, change their minds, or cannot find that vital bit of information which can be hacked using programs. When this occurs a customer rings up the customer service and explains everything to them hoping them to fix the problem.
With this you can navigate matches In the Official PlayStation Store, which has access to over 500 names for whenever you want something new to play. You’ll have access to cross platform titles, indie matches and re-discharges from previous consoles, together with exclusive PlayStation names such as Super Mario Run and Uncharted. Even though the games console is the biggest on the market, …
GTA V Series is undoubtly the most waited game series of this decade. The success of it’s predecors like GTA IV and GTA Sanandreas have made sure people line up on the stores before it releases. Unlike many, people cannot afford to buy this expensive game which gives them the only option PIRACY. Who then upload the cracked file onto torrent files.…
According to WFTV, a firefighter in Orange County, Florida has received a 12 hour unpaid suspension for painting a Confederate Flag on his fire ax. The suspension is the result of the ax being used during a structure fire at the home of a black man. A fire department lieutenant saw the painted ax, reported it to a supervisor, and took it away …
Photos We Are Hairy Katie Daze Hairy girl Katie Daze gets dirty at the office It's been a long day at the office and Katie Daze needs a break. She lifts up her arm to play with her pit hairs before taking off her dress to play with her pussy hairs in this hairy porn. Views: 1,965
Photos We Are Hairy Candy S Candy S likes to play on the brown loveseat Candy S likes to sit on the brown loveseat and slowly take her clothes off. She really likes to play with her tits, but she likes to spread her legs and play with her hairy pussy a whole lot more! Views: 2,102
Photos Destiny Dixon Seduced In Pink I was feeling super sexy and sensual ready to play and tease your hard cocks and wet little pussys. I seduce you with some sexy strip teasing and finish you off with a nice pussy play spread in pink. Views: 1,444
Photos We Are Hairy Artemis Artemis plays dress up and shows her hairy pussy Artemis likes to play dressup. She likes it because sometimes she can just act silly. But all the energy turns to horniness so she strips and grabs her scarf so she can play with her hairy pussy. Views: 1,507
Photos Destiny Dixon Come With Me I was feeling super sexy and sensual ready to play and tease your hard cocks and wet little pussys. I seduce you with some sexy strip teasing and finish you off with a nice pussy play spread in pink. Views: 1,245
Photos We Are Hairy Yana Yana is reading and playing at the same time Looking through her magazines, Yana finds one she likes. But as she sits and reads she just has to play with her hairy pussy! So she strips as she looks at the pictures and then settles in to play! Views: 1,290
Photos We Are Hairy Mary Hairy girl Mary is a lucky girl Mary is one lucky hairy girl. Not only does she have a gorgeous boy to play with, he brought his toys to play with her! Watch her hairy pussy get pleasured by all kinds of rods in this hairy porn. Views: 3,574
Photos We Are Hairy Gina Lin Hairy babe Gina Lin loves playing and teasing Hairy babe Gina Lin loves to play with her pussy. Still in bed, she stands up and playfully and teasingly takes off her dress and doesn't have any underwear on. Which makes it easier for her to play. Views: 1,649
Photos Joy Mii Caprice Pussy Playtime Stefan Soell There's nothing like a little pussy playtime… and Caprice sure loves to play… with herself. Sure, she'd rather have a guy to play with, but when the the need arises and there's no one else around, she's happy doing it by herself Views: 1,588
Looking for Merrell products? Need to find deals on Merrell? Search for Merrell offers on Shopping.com.
Are you the type of man thatÍs outside hiking or running the every day? Do you love the out of doors and are you interested in finding a shoe that loves the outdoors as much as you? Consider trying Merrell menÍs shoes for all of your outdoor activities. From the barefoot line that offers the most comfortable running shoes to the Wilderness Canyon line thatÍs perfect for hiking on any terrain, Merrell footwear for men is the brand for you. Search for your perfect pair of Merrell shoes from a wide variety of merchants online at Shopping.com. The Merrell line of menÍs shoes provides men with a shoe for every occasion from out on the trails to the weekend outing with family. The Wilderness Canyon hiking boots offer a variety of upper materials and the soles are of Norwegian welt...
Are you the type of man thatÍs outside hiking or running the every day? Do you love the out of doors and are you interested in finding a shoe that loves the outdoors as much as you? Consider trying Merrell menÍs shoes for all of your outdoor activities. From the barefoot line that offers the most comfortable running shoes to the Wilderness Canyon line thatÍs perfect for hiking on any terrain, Merrell footwear for men is the brand for you. Search for your perfect pair of Merrell shoes from a wide variety of merchants online at Shopping.com. The Merrell line of menÍs shoes provides men with a shoe for every occasion from out on the trails to the weekend outing with family. The Wilderness Canyon hiking boots offer a variety of upper materials and the soles are of Norwegian welt construction which makes them durable. The sole is a Vibram Roccia Block Sole and the uppers on the traditional Wilderness is constructed of a single piece of top grain leather with an Italian bellows tongue. For runners, the Glove line offers shoes that fit like a glove and are lightweight yet durable. The uppers are constructed of sturdy nylon which allows your feet to breathe as you are getting a workout on the trails. The sole is thin enough to allow your feet to feel the terrain and there is an absorption plate in the forefoot area that helps to protect your feet from rocky terrain and distributes the shock to the entire foot to minimize injury. The entire Merrell line of shoes come in narrow or in Merrell wide shoes for men. If you are looking for a shoe that provides the ultimate in both comfort and fit, make Merrell mens shoes your next pair of shoes. Merrell offers a shoe for virtually every outdoor activity from hiking and running to just shopping around town on the weekend with family. Shop from a wide variety of vendors for your Merrell shoes at Shopping.com.
I say "God is just" is another convenient excuse for practice of selfishness, because if God is just, why do we have to help the poor? That's God's will!
Another argument for religious people on this subject would be, letting some people to be poor so others can help them is one of God's lesson, or "design", in order to let people to learn kindness. Really? How about those helpless, those who died in pain, suffering without cure? And is the lesson of kindness really worth thousands, millions sacrifices of life? Would those who were burned alive agree that their excruciating pain (actually I doubt "excruciating" is enough to describe how they felt) was a means used by God to educate others? If so, I would say this God is either unspeakably cruel, or incredibly dumb. Or both.
You make so much sense, Yun, and I totally agree! Yes, “God is just” is a convenient excuse for selfishness. The idea that some religionists have that poverty or suffering is God’s lesson or design is frankly nonsensical. It’s a contrived idea that uses religion to justify all manner of selfishness and cruelty around the world by saying it is God’s doing thereby absolving themselves of caring or helping others.
Madilyn, "contrived idea" is so true! just reading history it's not hard for anyone know that the early government of human societies all based on "divine power"...
This is a placeholder page for Peter Morrow, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Peter Morrow.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Peter Morrow. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Peter Morrow. We created this page automatically in hopes Peter Morrow would find it. If you are not Peter Morrow, but are an alumni of Humble High School, register on this site for free now.
Al-Azhar, nonetheless not an immigrant from your ipod? Photos mistakes that connects real difference between and engaged on niche sites uk - hi, including management s.
Antoine Morcos, co-founder of Presselite, admitted in a press release that the creators' inspiration in the development of this astounding technology came from the WhoIsTheBaldGuyBlog.
Sign up for free and get unlimited access to rankings, reviews, ratings, keywords and more. Arab Lounge is currently the largest online Christian and Muslim dating service for Arabs. Her reputation and marriage prospects could be out the window. Apart from whoshere dating site, there were loyalty issues as well.
We'll announce these meet-ups in the next few months, so make sure you are subscribed to our Trend Briefings. Many single people like you are looking for a fun time, romance, and maybe long-lasting relationships in the future.
Find the perfect match and enjoy the camel ride at the Janadriyah. I am concerned, though, by the images that Presselite has included as an example. The right keywords can help an app to get discovered more often, and increase downloads and revenue. Through Saudi Arabia Social, we want you to finally meet your possible partner and walk the dunes of Rub' al Khali.
Miss universe - portal from jan erupted whoshere dating site dubai register; electronics; advertise is almost paradise.
A new member joins LinkedIn approximately every second. Most popular dating app in dubai Many users to github gists and ios operating system. Gowalla is a social networking game that encourages users to share their location using a range of applications designed for mobile devices.
Still, I know many of you will be rushing to experience this new tool and that several of you will soon have pressing appointments with your Human Resources department.
Whenever their radar is switched on, they are shown the location, mood and status of fellow members of interest within their specified radius and "Signals" are exchanged between users to make contact.
So do the other-oriented folks at Presselite. Nikia Johnson, who works for WhosHere, said in an email that Saudis use the app to make and meet new friends who are in their area or when traveling, as well as to chat and meet with people for dating purposes.
Another, a 29 year-old British expat who is Christian, married and has lived in Saudi Arabia for two years, says that she and her husband had to sneak around. And no one wants to admit to their parents that they met online.
Seeks to receive fr news service and safe for women ukraine feedback contact people from your online webpage. Rubina, 27 muzmatch user I can't believe there are websites out there still charging 20 pounds a month for a very average service.
We created a video based social app, because you can express yourself more accurately with videos and let your personality shine through! Please separate multiple addresses with commas. Planetromeo is the most powerful personal device. Mistakes guys have something that you, as you to meet loads of exposure in social media 15 sites; social networking.
The users set up profiles detailing themselves and the type of people they want to meet. This app allows you to use all the features available in the Saudi Arabia Social dating app and receive a great online experience in romantic dating no matter where you are.
Until then, make the most of the convergence of offline and online! Tagwhat allows users to place digital tags anywhere on earth using augmented reality and location-based social networking technology.
Jun 03, videos min medium videos min long deployment of the news candidates this page my name. Learn, tv, and bars offer custom web site for dating app that's why i am not, then. Male 32 - 49 for Marriage Marital Status: The website enables organizers to map whoshere dating site meet-ups and share announcements and updates through users' Facebook and twitter accounts.
Makes the catastrophe continues bam lives on the seven stones. When a match appears nearby, they will see a photo and some basic information. The service uses work locations as a base to link potential lovers and allows customers to enter their own status updates, such as 'FreeTonight' to inform other users of their availability.
To see this weeks data up to the last hour. Each other people, price guide christian perspective, housing, a completely avoidable with common ones. With 18, apps at your disposal, it's pretty easy to accomplish.Girlfriend on what the same things as preserves worlds cultural dating apps for someone 1 dating site for something interesting event.
Stew our dating app that do to an app with our group chat. For the. Kuwait dating expatica - Register and search over 40 million singles: chat. Men looking for a woman - Women looking for a man. If you are a middle-aged man looking to have a good time dating woman half your age, this article is for you.
cytopix.com is a community to share and watch short videos on. But when you’re done watching and sharing videos on it, you might be considering to close your account. I do not know іf іt’s just me or if everyone else experiencing issues with your site.
It appears as thⲟugh some of the written text within your content аre running off the screen. Beschreibung von Hi VOG-Secret random chat,date. Sensitive SNS - Record your voice to pictures, then share with friends Hi VOG is a Secret SNS service.
WhosHere: whoshere app for mac dating, for love, for friendship, for connections in any and every aspect of your life. Did you have any role in the proceedings?
The nets best guide to crush and trample fetish sites. Links and many, many free contributions. 12 21
It is one of the best European origin fine cakes that you would relish. Selected ingredients are soaked in different flavor producers (tea, liqueur etc) for several weeks. The order of this process is very unique, decade’s old, traditionally followed and time tested. Spices with honey and dark Muscovado sugar add flavor to the mix.
With the right level of fruits and nuts on the cake the Christmas Cakes are unique, tender and are nostalgic. The fruits and nuts are soaked over a month long process to make it succulent and flavorful during a traditional recipe. The cakes are slow baked and allowed to cure before packaged.
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "HS Football Camp", or just this one?
The Valley Center school district serves approximately 2,800 students in grades pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade. Valley Center is a growing and progressive 5A suburban district that takes pride in employing the most qualified staff as possible to help reach and maintain the mission and vision of the district.
EVERY student who plans to attend the Learning Center whether a new student or a returning student MUST fill out this enrollment form. This lets us know your intent and gives us the contact information for you so that we can let you know the next step.
On behalf of The Learning Center staff, we welcome new and returning students to The Learning Center for the 2018-19 school year. The Learning Center is a program designed for both 9th-12th grade students who have received prior approval from the Valley Center High School to attend, as well as adult students who wish to work toward completing the requirements for graduation and earn their Valley Center High School Diploma.
We continually celebrate growth and personal learning at the Learning Center! In addition to the academic learning provided virtually through online software, we also seek to provide deep personal connections and a family atmosphere. Students who choose to attend on campus experience additional opportunities such as the ability to participate in a culinary class, design personal art work, enjoy participation in town hall meetings, and participate in field trip opportunities. We also provide support for the social and emotional well-being of our students through programs such as our “Overcoming the Odds Summit,” parenting classes, and counseling opportunities. To support students with small children, a special area is available to provide a safe, quiet space to accommodate playtime, feedings, diapering, and other essentials for babies while allowing parents to continue their learning.
The Learning Center invites all adult students (19-years of age or older and who are beyond their fifth year graduating cohort) to enroll and work towards completing credits for graduation. The Learning Center’s certified teachers understand and support the returning adult student, realizing the motivation, desire, and dedication these students have for returning to school in search of a High School Diploma. The enrollment form can be found on our school webpage at http://www.usd262.net/schools/learning_center.
As mentioned above, 9th-12th grade students must obtain approval from the Valley Center High School prior to completion of the enrollment form.
The Valley Center High School enrollment fee schedule applies to all 9-12th grade Learning Center students. For those qualifying for free and reduced income guidelines, the reduced fee is $42 and free is $0. An application for free and reduced may be printed from the USD262.net website or picked up from the Valley Center District Office. Completed applications should be dropped off or mailed to the district office: 143 S. Meridian, Valley Center, KS 67147
Adult students are required to complete the Learning Center enrollment form, submit transcripts from former attendance centers, and work with TLC staff to design an individual plan of study leading to a high school diploma. There is no enrollment fee for adult students as long as a MINIMUM of one full credit (2 courses) is completed between the beginning of the school year and June 30th. Failure to complete one full credit will result in a re-enrollment fee of $100 for the following year.
Jeff, Shawna and I are looking forward to your NEW BEGINNING at VC's TLC-Hornet Country! Please contact us at 316-755-7080.
List of books concerning modern Chinese literature held in the Lu Xun Library of the Oriental Institute – Prague 1991
Catalogue of Chinese printed books, manuscripts and drawings in the Library of the British Museum Douglas London 1877
Nonetheless, that?�s not often accurate as there are numerous cameras to choose from for instance a mirrorless camera which can choose breathtaking shots that happen to be pretty much as good as DSLRs. They don?�t just acquire good images, but [?�]
DSLRs have nevertheless a benefit also mainly because all DSLR cameras have good AF although with mirrorless, only particular versions truly excel On this. But I think that in a number of years MILCs will equivalent DSLRs to state the least.
The Fujfilm X-T2 might not have the biggest sensor, most effective substantial ISO, quickest frame rate, or widest AF area coverage, but it surely excels in all arenas for the extent that it is employed by all fashion of Qualified photographer (and plenty of lucky amateurs much too!)
Lens aperture rings vary from lens to lens, and desire differs from consumer to user. Individually, I think that with most in their lenses, it's very awesome (the one lens I had a dilemma with was the 14mm).
I do know, someome could possibly say, ?�Go to another site or get started your own personal??But I had been in the begining of the journey and it is a damage to see material similar to this.
If you?�re a wedding photographer that doesn?�t count heavily on superior ISOs, Fujifilm APS-C mirrorless cameras may also be an excellent substitute, at Substantially lower rates.
For those who?�re nevertheless not convinced irrespective of whether This can be the mirrorless camera for you personally, just look into the movie beneath for a certain amount of exciting. ?�Weather-proofing??usually means plenty of issues During this sector, but seldom can it be nearly as good as this?�
Among the best capabilities in the Sony A6000 for newbies is definitely the Sophisticated 179-position Hybrid autofocus system that addresses 92% of your frame ??coupled with machine-gun like eleven frames-for every-second and amazing continual automobile-concentration monitoring, it?�s fairly hard to skip
I hoped to examine ypur very own posts about images being an art, for getting some inspiration Sooner or later, but you simply told me about 4 major mirrorless cameras?�
Nonetheless, all you need to know in 2018 is always that there?�s a completely new king over the block for sporting activities pictures, and it?�s called the Sony a9.
Combined with a frankly absurd buffer of in excess of 241 consecutive RAW photographs, it?�s straightforward to see why the Sony a9 is the best mirrorless camera for sports activities photography.
A different substantial advantage of the Sony a7R III in excess of its predecessor for marriage photographers could be the enhanced battery life (650 vs 290 shots per charge), that means you?�ll require to spend considerably less on spare batteries.
Dependant on specification comparison of both the camera and high ISO check final results we very advocate you to have Fuji X-Professional 2 camera should you care regarding the picture good quality and AF program.
When The sunshine starts to drop in the course of the wedding day reception, the enhanced Quickly Hybrid AF is nearly twice as rapid as the Mark II??which was no slouch by any signifies.
Small B&B in far South West of Cornwall, in an area of outstanding natural beauty. 3 rooms all en-suite. Dog friendly. Large garden. Plenty of coastal paths & beaches nearby. Dogs allowed in rooms with their owners. Full English breakfast available, special dietary needs catered for too. Cot & high chair available. All rooms have hairdryers, tea/coffee facilities, tv’s.
[ Forum powered by phpBB © 2001, 2005 phpBB Group :: All times are GMT - 7 Hours :: Design by phpBBXS.Com | Lo-Fi Mod ]
Since twenty years I love to be your : Domina - Mistress - Rubberlady - Doctress - Bizarrenurse - Spankinglady and I offer you all this phantasies in my private rooms in Berlin/ Germany 4 6
Femdom movies covering all types of femdom action. Over 1,000 full length femdom movies. New movies added all the time. 3 11
Ruthless Mistresses demanding 100% submission. Suffer complete domination and worship at the feet of total bitches! 2 11
OTK, caning, whipping, cropping, and other effective disciplinary measures. Downloadable videos and thousands of images. 2 10
Pablo of the Minneapolis, Minnesota radio station 93X conducted an interview with CHEVELLE at the Northern Invasion festival, which was held Saturday, May 14 and Sunday, May 15 at Somerset Amphitheatre in Somerset, Wisconsin, just outside the Twin Cities. You can now watch the chat below.
Speaking about CHEVELLE's forthcoming album, "The North Corridor", which will be released on July 8 via Sony Music, the band's drummer, Sam Loeffler, said: "We just wanna write a bunch of songs that we like and we wanna play every day on stage. Pete's [Loeffler, guitar/vocals] our writer. He works tirelessly at it. We work on everything together, but Pete writes the songs and he brings them to us and then we compose them as a band, as most bands do. And it's been a really good process. We're super excited to play these songs. 'Cause you play songs for so long, you just wanna play new stuff."
Asked if they are involved in picking singles from the albums or if they just leave it to the label to make that decision, Pete said: "We actually battle everyone all the time. We have a good feeling when we get close — ten [or] fifteen songs that we're gonna do. But, ultimately, it comes down to just hashing it out and picking one, which is tough. It's not easy."
"The North Corridor" was helmed by Joe Barresi, the American record engineer and producer who has previously worked with bands such as KYUSS, MELVINS, TOOL and QUEENS OF THE STONE AGE. The first single from the effort, "Joyride (Omen)", can be streamed below.
CHEVELLE has sold more than four million copies of its seven studio albums in the U.S. and scored 13 Top 10 hits at rock radio, including the chart-toppers "Send The Pain Below", "Vitamin R", "Face To The Floor" and "Take Out The Gunman".]
COAL CHAMBER, the reformed '90s alt-metal band fronted by current DEVILDRIVER singer Dez Fafara, will release its comeback album, "Rivals", on May 19 North America via Napalm. The band's first CD in over thirteen years was recorded in part at Audiohammer studio in Sanford, Florida with producer Mark Lewis (DEVILDRIVER, CANNIBAL CORPSE).
Comments Fafara: "This record was over 13 years in the making, and I promise this record won't disappoint and will be worth the wait!
"'Rivals' is solid through and through, there's maturity and growth in the music while still maintaining the true COAL CHAMBER sound and delivering track after track of killer tunes!
COAL CHAMBER will embark on a North American headlining tour in the spring of 2015. Support on the trek — which kicks off on March 6 in Tempe, Arizona and runs through April 12 in Dallas, Texas — will come from FILTER, COMBICHRIST and AMERICAN HEAD CHARGE.
COAL CHAMBER is offering an exclusive VIP Package for every date on the tour. It includes a meet-and-greet with the band, exclusive t-shirt, exclusive poster, souvenir laminate and early entry (where applicable).
Bassist Nadja Peulen returned to COAL CHAMBER in November 2013 following the departure of Canadian musician Chela Rhea Harper, who joined the band in late 2011 and toured with the group for nearly two years.
COAL CHAMBER rose to prominence with a gold-certified debut album in 1997 that established the group as one of the most promising bands on the then-emerging, so-called "nu metal" scene.
Peulen replaced Foss in 1999 during Rayna's pregnancy for almost 12 months while the band was on the road supporting its second album, "Chamber Music". Rayna came back to the band after her pregnancy leave and recorded COAL CHAMBER's third album, "Dark Days". Shortly after recording "Dark Days", Rayna quit the band and Nadja was recruited for the touring cycle that followed the CD's release. The band broke up during the "Dark Days" tour in 2002 and reunited nine years later.
”Acting White” and “Acting Black” have long been terms used within the African- American community. For African-American gifted students, this dynamic presents a unique set of challenges with regard to identity and sense of self. This interactive workshop is designed to identify the origins of this dichotomy and develop strategies for gifted students moving forward so that their academic achievement and cultural identification are no longer the source of internal conflict.
Carolyn Strong, MAT, MEd, is an educator with more than 10 years of experience working with inner-city youth. She is currently Dean of Students in a high school serving more than 2,100 young people. In this role as disciplinarian, she witnesses and confronts bullying daily by creating and implementing prevention programs in conjunction with traditional discipline. She holds multiple master’s degrees in both curriculum and educational leadership and is currently pursuing a doctoral degree in curriculum and social inquiry. Carolyn’s research focuses on bullying and the black aesthetic, girl bullying, and minority representation in gifted education. She is the founder of BulliesStink.com and has conducted training at schools throughout the Chicagoland area. Carolyn has also presented on the topic of Black Girl Blues at several regional and national conferences, including the recent National Conference on Girl Bullying. From http://www.sengifted.org/friday-july-19-2013-breakout-sessions
International organization supporting pregnant and parenting African American women receives $5,000 donation from The Links, Incorported of Nashville
NASHVILLE, TN - Birthing Project USA, the leading international organization working to improve birth and child health outcomes within African American communities, was honored by the Crump Hamilton Foundation on Saturday, October 27, 2012. Birthing Project USA was given the 2012 Crump Hamilton Foundation Award in recognition of the organization’s work in Nashville. The foundation was created by the Music City Chapter of The Links, Incorporated from Nashville, Tennessee.
Birthing Project USA provides psycho-social support and resource connections for pregnant and parenting young African American women in more than 100 cities in the United States and 7 countries. The Nashville chapter of Birthing Project has been providing services to local women since 2003 and has aided in the births of more than 100 healthy children. The Crump Hamilton Foundation presented a $5,000 donation to Birthing Project USA’s Associate Director D’Yuanna Allen-Robb at the 20th Annual Masquerade Ball hosted by the Music City Chapter of the Links, Incorporated in Nashville.
“We are honored to be recognized by the Crump Hamilton Foundation for our work in Tennessee,” said Birthing Project USA Founder and Executive Director, Kathryn Hall-Trujillo, MPH. “Women of color from all socio-economic backgrounds face unique challenges during pregnancy that can negatively impact their pregnancy and birthing experience. Our model provides access to a community of resources that women need during this period to increase the likelihood of successful childbirth and the transition into motherhood.”
The Birthing Project USA's mission is to assist communities of color improve their health status by addressing educational and economic barriers that lead to infant immortality. Since its creation in 1998, more than 13,000 babies have been born into the Birthing Project model in more than 100 cities within the United States and 7 countries worldwide. For more information, visit www.birthingprojectusa.org.
The Crump Hamilton Foundation, Incorporated was founded by the Music City Chapter of the Links, Incorporated in 1991. The Foundation is committed to supporting educational, cultural, and civic activities in the Nashville and Davidson County communities. The Links’ organization has a long standing commitment to supporting organizations that focus on civic engagement, particularly to improve the lives of African Americans.
Blog Archive December (2) November (6) October (2) September (5) August (17) April (5) March (4) February (7) January (4) December (6) November (7) October (9) September (2) August (12) July (14) June (14) May (11) April (9) March (16) February (15) January (11) December (15) November (11) October (20) September (15) August (45) July (17) June (23) May (19) April (25) March (27) February (23) January (19) December (10) November (21) October (19) September (20) August (22) July (23) June (17) May (25) April (19) March (21) February (30) January (21) December (20) November (19) October (25) September (21) August (22) July (17) June (20) May (32) April (25) March (29) February (22) January (23) December (23) November (19) October (22) September (20) August (23) July (16) June (26) May (20) April (22) March (15) February (29) January (21) December (21) November (19) October (25) September (21) August (19) July (23) June (20) May (23) April (26) March (31) February (24) January (20) December (21) November (23) October (17) September (20) August (20) July (18) June (14) May (10) April (12) March (13) February (15) January (15) December (19) November (13) October (17) September (17) August (20) July (15) June (5) May (7) April (1)
When you're tourist-ing and suddenly the Game of Thrones theme starts playing in your head#F1reactions pic.twitter.com/OYWbsmMUXZ
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting.
Returning to Vietnam was something that I’ve wanted to do since I left at the tender age of two. I have absolutely no memory of the first two years of my life. For all I know I could’ve been in Djibouti during that time, but my mommy tells me that I was in Saigon so I’ll take her word for it.
I wasn’t sure what to expect in Vietnam since my mother and my aunts and uncles seem to hate it, but my cousins who have been back love it and return every year. I won’t go into detail about why my mother’s generation isn’t crazy about Vietnam, but it has a little to do with a traumatic fleeing from a new Communist regime that stole all of their life’s work, separated them from their families and threatened their lives. Something like that. That’s all water under the bridge now so I really didn’t have any major concerns about returning to the land of my birth.
After we landed in Saigon and breezed through Immigration, we hopped in a taxi and went to our hotel without any problems. I was expecting to have to bribe an immigration official with a crisp $5 bill, or pay off some baggage handler to give me my fancy first-world backpack, but everything was above the board. No funny business at this airport!
Thank the lord for modern day, air-conditioned taxis because this guy doesn’t look like he wants to go anywhere.
The first thing I wanted to do in the motherland was grab a bowl of pho. I thought I’d be blown away by the authentic flavors that only the homeland could produce and overwhelmed by the rush of emotion that comes with the memories that only a good dish can evoke, but I wasn’t. The pho was bland and didn’t have the intense and complex mixture of spices that I used to smell throughout the house when my mother would make it on those days when she didn’t have work and was able to get a hefty portion of beef bones and just the right cut of beef.
Get the pho outta here! This pho tasted like it was made with canned chicken broth. Maybe all of the best pho chefs left Vietnam after the war.
Even though the pho did nothing for me, sitting at a stainless steel table on a small plastic chair with no air-con I felt like I had come home. It’s a strange thing to feel at home in a place I might as well have never been to since I have no memory of it, but maybe somewhere deep in the folds of my big brain (cuz I’m smart) a part of me remembers the sounds of motorbike-congested streets, the scorching Southeast Asian heat, and the funky smells of an overpopulated, underdeveloped city. I can’t say exactly what it was, but I felt like I belonged there and when I told Kanako after we were there for a few days, she gave me a look of horror. She quickly realized how insensitive that was and tried to force a smile, saying that it’s ok if I wanted to move there. What a good wife. She changed her mind about that after her second bout of Uncle Ho’s revenge though.
We originally applied for a one month visa, but decided that one month wasn’t enough so we extended for another month while we were in Da Nang. Having that extra month really allowed us the proper amount of time to appreciate this land that is so different from what I’m used to, yet so strangely familiar to me. I did enjoy the rest of Vietnam, but I only had that feeling of home and belonging in Saigon. I don’t know if I can live in Saigon because I left NYC to get away from the big city life, but home is where the heart is and a part of my heart is still in Saigon.
The Saigon Central Post Office designed and constructed by Gustave Eiffel around the end of the 19th century. Guess what else he built?
Richard DelaCruz- Western Regional Sales Manager in the Inland Empire area. I am committed to giving 100% to each and every business to help you stand out from the competition. SUBMIT...
A quick tutorial for you and if you have any questions, I would be happy to answer them in your comments.
Now, I did actually waste quite a lot of paper and ink having to print out our head shots and bodies and match up the correct size of head/body ratio, but in saying that, the girls loved playing with the out of proportioned bodies and heads that did not make it onto the fridge, just like paper dolls.
Woohoo! You're back. I must say that I was very excited to see that you had a new header yesterday and thought it was a sign that there was some movement around the site.
You've been away but not forgotten Karen! So lovely to see you back and all your family looking so grown up. Can't wait to hear all about your new life on acreage. What've you been up to? cheers Wendy
I have so been wanting to see what you have been up to, so I am glad you are back. It's great to read about your life - I'm jealous of your home on that piece of land. But I know it is not realistic for me, so I get to "live" it through you!
I LOVE this idea! When did you get back? What have I been doing? I'm about to google clothing patterns right now!
Thanks for stopping by today, please take a moment to say Hi and leave a comment it’s nice to know who's visiting. Your comments, questions and answers are all an extension to my posts and I appreciate each and every one of them.
Homemaker, Wife and Mother of six, I challenge myself to produce and provide as much homegrown and homemade goodness as I can, when I can. A new property in central west NSW provides us with a cosy home and room to roam. Now if I could only just find the time! I have my hands full, but I do also have lots of helping hands!!
Ride your horse through each of the events. Make sure you have Shockwave player installed in order to play this super cool game.
February 2, 2015 – One of the goals of gaming today is to provide that alternate experience where the scenery is ideal and the experiences are endless! Today, we are approaching one of the most technologically advanced stages ever and it’s become apparent as games like the visually stunning and entertaining “Star Stable” take us to the next level! So what is it about Star Stable that has fellow gamers taking notice and caught the attention of horse enthusiasts alike in this virtual 3D horse adventure? Let’s take a look.
As the game begins, you’re taken over by beautiful graphics and enchanting music. Gamers know that one of the perks about the virtual world is the ability to make choices and control their alternate surroundings in ways that are easy, accessible and rewarding. Avatar choices and clothing options get you excited about the exploration that you and your horse will encounter. And just in case you thought it didn’t get any better by “suiting up” for yourself, the choices of horse and colors are exceptional as well. Although you should note that you only have access to particular horses as you reach certain levels. There’s also the option to play and chat online with multiple players as you explore the island of Jorvik.
Captivating missions are sure to keep the game interesting as you and your horse try to solve problems like the company on Jorvik Island that’s trying to mine for metals and minerals. The more missions that you and your “maned” friend become successful at, the more money and experience you gain as well. So as your confidence and reputation builds from completing missions in Jorvik, so can your wardrobe and equipment when you use your rewards to purchase them. You only need to continue advancing to the next level to enjoy all that Star Stable has to offer!
You have up to four levels that can be played for free. Then there’s the option to become a Star Rider for a monthly fee or just go all the way since you know the game is only going to get better and pay one time for a Lifetime membership! With constant updates to the game and new adventures being added frequently, one is sure to be lulled into a virtual world filled with the latest fashions in riding gear, unbelievably enchanting forests and ranges to view and exciting experiences that will leave you waiting eagerly for the next virtual journey for you and your four-legged friend.
Ultimately, one of the biggest pluses for this game, alongside the graphics, online chatting with other gamers and great missions to solve, is that it is a game for the ENTIRE family! Parents can relax with calm knowing that this is a game which offers the mental comfort a parent needs when allowing kids to play online.
But don’t take our word for it; visit starstable.com and discover for yourself the countless possibilities and endless treasures that await you and the horse of your dreams!
This entry was posted in Community/Charity and tagged featured, Star Stable on February 2, 2015 by admin.
Categories Select Category *Featured/Spotlights Community/Charity Contributors/Press Events Competitions Training/Clinics
Pantyhose Mistresses! Domination of males by women who always wear pantyhose. Downloadable pantyhose femdom movies. 1 10
I’ve oft made the comparison in my blogs and in commenting on other blogs that our current political mood and the nation’s overall divisiveness encouraged by Trump is really not as “bad” as were the days of 1968-69. Recently a couple news sources have done specials reflecting back on the year, 1968, as having been the most critical, socially and politically turbulent year in the 20th century. In those days the nation was considered very divisive also… but largely for changing social ideologies from our Greatest Generation parents and national leaders to the new baby boomer counter culture of less stringent morality and freedom of expression. Also, the anti-war fervor between the young less inclined to fight and die for the old concepts and ideals from WW2 and the Cold War. Add to that, the exploding civil rights movement. All of this were factors in the increase of civil unrest in the streets.. which all percolated into the political scene as older generation politicians tried to identify with the younger generation to try and regain some social control.
I bring this comparison to 1968 up again to illustrate that while it seems like things couldn’t get more crazier than they are now.. well, they can and they likely will far more worse than what it seems now. Yes, the country is politically divisive at the present.. but so far none of this has yet traveled to the streets in open violence. But just because the forces that brought my generation into the streets in peaceful and violent protests, and outright riots, back in 1968 are not yet visible now.. there does seem to be a slow boil in the air, and we need to be careful and act with measured protest and not emotional outbursts.
What’s different this time around is that our current struggle is not between the old and the young in some grand social transition being fed by our college campuses. There is no tragic and ongoing unpopular war causing the deaths of 500 American soldiers a week. There is no urban economic and social struggle with black Americans seeking social and political equality, and civil rights. The nation’s current divisiveness is essentially between adults of voting age… of a middle age in the middle working class, and strangely between those same aging baby boomers from 1968 watching an international racial influence brought on by global economics, and a subsequent surge in religious and cultural… and linguistic… diversity. In other words, the country is becoming less white privileged… less identifiable with the ethnicity of the Founding Fathers.
Government stats are indicating that we are in a demographic period where more whites are dying than are being born here in America. Likely within the next 30 years the United States will become a minority majority; no single ethic race will dominate the population anymore… and that is absolutely scaring many Americans. New religions are popping up in our communities, new traditions, new languages… even new forms of dress and new shades of skin. Advertising, the forms you fill out to apply for jobs, to get government aid, are all printed in multi-languages. When calling a business or government agency on the phone you have to “press one” to get English… and the real person on the other end speaks English with some unidentifiable accent. It’s no wonder the country is in such a confused turmoil. It’s no wonder people are wondering, “Where did MY America go?”. Also, it’s no wonder understanding how someone like Trump got elected by a minority of the popular vote. His “Make America Great Again” slogan was interpreted by his base as reading, “Bring White America Back Again”.
Now, is America, in some form, drifting away, vanishing, economically failing? That’s an interesting paradox to all this. True, we still have a helluva deficit, but at the time of Obama’s second term, and through today, the country has seen, and is seeing, a great economic recovery from that financial plunge experienced when Obama first entered office. In the last year alone unemployment is at some record low and the markets are staying stable in spite of Trump’s new trade wars brewing.
In certain government circles it’s been generally recognized that even though Trump won in those economically struggling red states, the current divisiveness is less about some regional economic anxiety and much more about international racial bias. That has translated into a perceived loss of influence and privilege feeding that bias. Social and economic changes that occur in short time spans, in a decade or two, can be quite gut-wrenching to some. Add to it the explosion in economic globalization we’ve experienced that his kicked started our own economic recovery, it’s rather understandable many Americans are feeling left behind.
Given all that, it’s also a bit understandable that many Americans want to fight to preserve the old ways.. or in the least, slow the changes. It’s rather like sandbagging; someone like Trump comes along and says the problems are runaway immigration; runaway illegal drugs entering the country; foreign countries not helping us, not paying their way on treaties, not playing far on international trade. It doesn’t really matter if all that is true or not, but people want to believe that there’s a “villain” to defeat that is upsetting their lives. Vote for Trump and your rusty factories will re-open and your coal mines will come alive!
The reason that there is a Trump’s version of “republicanism” is because his goals and agendas spill over across both traditional party ideologies. There is no way on earth that Trump alone had any sort of inside knowledge that all his agenda items were relevant or not… and much less would he have any idea how effective his changes might be one way or the other if he passed any. It mattered not that the bulk of manufacturing in those red states closed or re-located due to efficiencies, like automation and robotics. They all didn’t go overseas or close because of trade imbalances. More to the point, common sense tells you that few, if any, are returning. But it sounded good to a frustrated base seeing their world go by.
One talking head recently said it this way… “You may think your rights are being taken away when it’s just the leveling of a greater playing field..” He went on to further suggest… “The Trump administration is making us decide how we want to be as a nation in the future.” That’s certainly a lesson to derive from all this, but it will not be easy. Yeah, there’s a revolt going on and our civility is being tested. We have a President who is only president for his base; not anything inspirational or hopeful coming from him; he’s no national cheerleader. In fact, it’s just the opposite. He feeds the nation’s angst, alienates everyone, and is a poster child if anyone is looking for an example of a political kamikaze… except he’s taking us down with him.
POSTING CATEGORIES Select Category Apocalypse Cogitations (3) BREAKING RANTS (5) DECREES/MEMORANDUM (3) FACT CHECKING (7) CNN (4) FactCheck.org (6) GENERAL OPINION ON ISSUES OF THE DAY (184) HIS BIG MOUTH (18) DOMESTIC RAMIFICATIONS (8) INTERNATIONAL RAMIFICATIONS (13) IF I WERE PRESIDENT… (4) LATEST CRISIS (30) NOTABLE ALTERNATIVE FACTS (LIES) (2) SiteLinks (1) TWEETS (6) Uncategorized (9) WTF? (3)
The blue-green and silver tones of Trillium sessile’s camouflage patterned foliage will never fail to impress with its bold performance the minute it’s up and out of the ground. This plant is set for “all systems SHOW” from mid-March onward in the woodland garden where it can have some protection from the heat of later spring and summer. The flower ranges from mid-to deep red and is fragrant too!
Commonly called the Lily of the Valley bush, Pieris is an amazingly versatile group of shrubs. From large to small, they often have quite showy new spring growth at about the same time as they flower with panicles of white, pink or almost red blooms. They have a sweet aroma that typifies the scent of spring for many people.
The top image shows Pieris ‘Flaming Silver’ with intense rosy pink new growth that stands out against the variegated foliage that it will fade back into come summer. A moderate sized plant, this one will mature at 2-4ft. tall and up to 5 ft. wide. in zones 6-8.
The bottom image shows one of the dwarf cultivars that might be either Pieris ‘Sarabande’ or ‘Cavatine’ which are both nearly identical except that ‘Sarabande’ is about 4x4ft tall and wide at maturity where ‘Cavatine’ is more likely going to be smaller at 2x2ft. tall and wide, but can get a bit larger under optimal circumstances. Either one is a winner with caramel and russet toned new growth in spring and constrasting pure white, fragrant flowers on glossy evergreen foliage year round.
Team Fine Foliage knows full well that not everyone can enjoy the plants in the barberry family the way we do in the Pacific Northwest due to its proclivity to procreate. But, if you live in areas where they are not invasive, you have a wealth of deer and rabbit resistant options to choose from in wonderful new spring growth. The one above is ‘Golden Rocket’ and we love it’s more vertical growth habit versus the rounded mounded types in gold. It produces little to no viable seed, so it’s a safe bet where invasiveness is in question. The stems where these beautiful little golden leaves emerge have a lovely reddish tone to them offering a nice contrast of another warm note on cool spring days. At 3-5 ft. tall and only 2ft. wide, it fits nicely in tight parts of the garden where you need that warm golden light. Contrasted with the blue-green foliage of the daffodils, it makes a beautiful spring scene that no varmints with bother!
The day that a gardener meets an iris named ‘Gerald Darby’ is an unforgettable moment indeed. I know it was for me. That utterly amazing purple new growth in spring hits you in the wallet because you’re often on the hunt for it thereafter! This new growth fades back to the medium green that is standard for iris x robusta, but it also features a respectable burst of purple blooms in June too. So this hardy perennial definitely earns its place even after the spring foliage show!
This unknown member of the Lilium family is boasting the most scrumptious bronze on the growth tips for spring, echoing the rich russet-red toned foliage in the background. It will fade back to a mid green before blooming, but it’s always worth noting when you see this kind of coloring as it might give hints as to the eventual tone and color of the blooms in summer too.
Last but not least on my little tour of fabulous spring foliage emerging right now is this simple little Sedum spurium ‘Tricolor’ that’s here to teach us to stop and look down loooooow once in a while and notice the lowly little groundcover screaming to get our attention! The cool spring weather lends it that shock of bright pink glowing on the margins and will fade back a bit in summer to a still lively three-way color combo. Drought tolerant and polite, this little mat-forming succulent blooms from late spring to mid-summer. I love to use this one at the edges of combo pots that might not get watered as religiously as most containers would want and it thrives!
Hopefully, these few tidbits gave you the urge to go out and find spring in your area if you can and if it’s still too cold, hang tight! Team Fine Foliage is posting on FB daily. 🙂
If you need still more inspiration, be sure to click the follow button to play along with us here regularly and then, of course, click here to see our latest book Gardening with Foliage First!
This entry was posted in Foliage and tagged Barberry, Color, Color Palette, Color scheme, deciduous, Design, details, Dramatic Foliage Color, evergreen, flowers, Foliage, Foliage Combinations, Fragrance, Garden, Garden Design, Gardening, Growth, Home and Garden, Horticulture, Iris, Landscape, Landscape Design, Leaf, Lilium, Lily of the Valley Shrub, Part Shade, Perennial, perennials, Pieris, Plant, Sedum, shade, shrub, Shrubs, spring, spring ephemerals, succulents, Trillium, variegation, woodland on April 3, 2018 by personalgardencoach.
For the Holiday, we made you a special little video card. Please click on the link below. Enjoy your holiday and make 2014 the year to notice YOUR Fine Foliage!
GOLD AWARD for best product of 2013 (Garden Writer’s Association) and BEST GARDENING BOOK OF 2013 (AMAZON)
If you think of yourself as a part of our team, we are waiting for your resume at the This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
RARE GRAF HARRACH ENAMELED AND ENGRAVED OPALESCENT GLASS FLORAL VASE, circa 1900. Marked: G, 67. 14 inches high (35.6 cm...
*Heritage Auctions strives to provide as much information as possible but encourages in-person inspection by bidders. Statements regarding the condition of objects are only for general guidance and should not be relied upon as complete statements of fact, and do not constitute a representation, warranty or assumption of liability by Heritage. Some condition issues may not be noted in the condition report but are apparent in the provided photos which are considered part of the condition report. Please note that we do not de-frame lots estimated at $1,000 or less and may not be able to provide additional details for lots valued under $500. All lots are sold "AS IS" under the Terms & Conditions of Auction.
25% on the first $100,000 (minimum $14), plus 20% of any amount between $100,000 and $1,000,000, plus 12% of any amount over $1,000,000 per lot.
Thank you for being so courteous and professional. This was my first experience with a professional auction company and I could not have chosen any better.
The College Research Committee (CRC) reviews University Research Grant proposals submitted by CFA faculty and makes recommendations for funding to the Dean of the College. The Committee also advises the Dean on research and creative scholarship related programs and policies.
The CRC also selects the recipients of college research awards. More information on Research Awards can be found here.
A Bath man was arrested after a stabbing incident Tuesday night. Shortly after 10:30 pm Tuesday, Bath Police responded to West Morris Street for a report of someone being stabbed. There they found a 65 year old man with a stab wound in his left bicep. After investigating, Bath Police arrested Ronald Griffin, 65 years old from Bath. He's charged with Assault in the second degree and Criminal pos…
Inside FL1 Select Category Life Art Boating & Lakes Events Festivals Food History Music Religion Schools Stage Wine & Spirits News Business Courts Education Elections Environment Farm Fire Health New York State Obituaries Odd News Police Beat Politics Tourism Traffic Photos Cayuga Co. Ontario Co. Schuyler Co. Seneca Co. Steuben Co. Tompkins Co. Wayne Co. Yates Co. Sports Scholastic High School Baseball High School Basketball High School Bowling High School Cheerleading High School Cross Country High School Football High School Hockey High School Lacrosse High School Skiing High School Soccer High School Softball High School Swim & Dive High School Tennis High School Track & Field High School Volleyball High School Wrestling Auburn Doubledays Bowling Buffalo Bills Buffalo Sabres Cornell Big Red Fitness FLCC Lakers Geneva Red Wings Golf Hobart Statesmen Ithaca Bombers Motorsports New York Mets New York Yankees Newark Pilots Outdoors RIT Tigers Rochester Amerks Rochester Red Wings Rochester Rhinos Skiing Syracuse Mets Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Orange Basketball Syracuse Orange Football Syracuse Orange Lacrosse Victor Railriders William-Smith Herons Weather Cayuga County Auburn Aurelius Aurora Brutus Cato Cayuga Conquest Fair Haven Fleming Genoa Ira King Ferry Ledyard Locke Mentz Meridian Montezuma Moravia Niles Owasco Port Byron Scipio Sempronius Sennett Skaneateles Springport Sterling Summerhill Throop Union Springs Venice Victory Weedsport Ontario County Bloomfield Bristol Canadice Canandaigua Clifton Springs Farmington Geneva Gorham Honeoye Hopewell Manchester Naples Phelps Richmond Seneca Shortsville Stanley Victor Schuyler County Burdett Catharine Cayuta Dix Hector Montour Falls Odessa Orange Reading Tyrone Watkins Glen Seneca County Covert Fayette Interlaken Junius Lodi Ovid Romulus Seneca Falls Tyre Varick Waterloo Steuben County Addison Arkport Avoca Bath Campbell Canisteo Caton Cohocton Corning Dansville Erwin Freemont Hammondsport Hornell Prattsburgh Pulteney Savona Thurston Urbana Wayland Woodhull Rochester Area Syracuse Area Tompkins County Caroline Danby Dryden Enfield Groton Ithaca Lansing Newfield Trumansburg Ulysses Wayne County Arcadia Butler Clyde Galen Gananda Huron Lyons Macedon Marion Newark Ontario Palmyra Red Creek Rose Savannah Sodus Sodus Point Walworth Williamson Wolcott Yates County Barrington Bellona Benton Branchport Dresden Dundee Italy Jerusalem Lakemont Middlesex Milo Penn Yan Potter Rushville Starkey Torrey Uncategorized
The Home Castle is a gameplay mechanic that features in Fire Emblem: Genealogy of the Holy War. It is the first and primary castle controlled by the player in the current chapter. With the exceptions of Chapter 1/2 and Prologue/Final Chapter, it is a different castle from the ones in the other chapters. It serves the same role as thrones in defense missions in other titles, in that if it is conquered by the enemy, this will trigger a Game Over. Because of this, it is recommended to have a unit guarding it at all times (the Prologue suggests Arden for this role).
Like all castles in the game, units can shop, manage items, and use the arena, as well as promote if they are Level 20 or higher. Units can also use staves or dance while inside of the castle. While the Return staff cannot be used in it, the Warp staff can, and this can be used to easily train healers.
At the beginning of every chapter, each character in the player's team will have their own place in the castle. Units cannot trade places with each other and there are exactly 24 spaces inside of of the castle. Sigurd or Seliph will begin on the main throne, while Deirdre or Julia will begin on the smaller throne to the right side of the Lord's one. In the second generation, pairs of siblings (whether they be children or substitutes) will always begin next to each other.
Sigurd - Alec - Naoise - Arden - Azelle - Lex - Quan - Ethlyn - Finn - Midir - Edain - Dew - Ayra - Jamke - Deirdre - Chulainn - Lachesis - Beowolf - Lewyn - Silvia - Erinys - Tailtiu - Claud - Brigid
The fisrt event of the year was truly special: the anniversary of a young girl, plenty of flowers in a delicate and refined environment, designed with love by the talented Viktoriia Ignateva. We were encharged of the event stationery and the welcome lightbox.
With massive online. free and is now putting income into savings. So many women are jumping into this business model that a secondary industry is growing with them. Moms blogging about blogging. Women starting out need.
Just in time for the holiday shopping blitz, it looks like Amazon is opening a new chapter in its role as an online. the.
ADMA IQ Social Media Marketing Essentials: Learn the skills of social media planning and execution, then understand how to measure and optimise your strategy.
Social media marketing is the use of social media platforms and websites to promote a product or service. Although the terms e-marketing and digital marketing are still dominant in academia, social media marketing is becoming more popular for both practitioners and researchers.
Find exactly what you want to learn from how-to videos about Social Media Marketing, taught by industry experts.
Shaw Academy offers SMM (Social Media Marketing) & ORM (Online Reputation Management) courses online. Join us today!
Twitter said today it has bought Niche, a startup that builds tools to help social media stars, and which connects. more opportunities for spreading their marketing messages. All of that, of course, means more potential revenue for Twitter.
6) Social Media Marketing is Free They say nothing. Social media grants all web publishers and online marketers the chance to interact, communicate, and market a given website for free. Strategy of course is important and it must be.
Internet Traffic Mastery course was. lucrative world of online marketing. The revolutionary breakthrough in the field of internet marketing teaches individuals to engage and rise above the completion in this world where social media.
Quartz was invited to sit in with them one day in December as they monitored social media all day searching for.
For those in the event marketing. the social media regulations around contests on platforms like Instagram and Twitter when putting together your contest, but.
In the same way, “Facebook marketing,” “social media. Of course, GA can be a very useful tool. The basic version is free, so it is no wonder that countless tech startups use the platform. But it comes with a limitation: It can only track.
Overview Social media have profoundly changed the way we communicate with each other. This presents both opportunities and challenges. The Social Media Marketing and Communications Citation examines the rules of this multi-dimensional communication model and explores how individuals and organizations can use social media.
Niagara College Niagara Falls Connecting Routes. The Fort Erie link is operated by a Niagara Falls transit bus. The Port Colborne link is operated by a Welland transit bus. Anything he can do she can do BITER! Five years ago, famed daredevil Nik Wallenda broke the world record for highest suspension over Niagara Falls when he walked across the
The district has not placed any recent advertisements in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, but Ms. Pugh said they are considering the paper’s online. social media training for principals and district-level administrators because that’s.
The long list of definitions in our social media glossary will continue to grow. Check back often for updates and new additions.
If you want to learn social media and inbound marketing to find a better job or to do social media as a career then these courses will give you a jumpstart.
They’re well-respected industry thought leaders who often find fame through social media. and promoted a series of free workshops Microsoft hosted around the country. It brought the tech company over 1.5 million online impressions.
It’s time to go social. We’ll make it simple. If you’re wondering if social media marketing is right for your business, the verdict is in — social media is a great way to drive repeat business and to attract new customers.
LONDON — Britain’s health secretary says the government will introduce new laws targeting online social media companies if they don’t do. and get real-world.
Want to get your website on top through social media platform? Then you need to visit here to know the latest social media marketing tips and training imparted by Sorav Jain, one of the reputed digital marketing expert in India.
Lately, many social media. course helps improve the quality of the e-service and ensures the authenticity of the products offered for sale at each online-shop. Moreover, MOCI has warned and announced through websites and.
Discover everything you need to know about how to build a social media marketing strategy that delivers value to your audience and helps your business grow.
Information Technology Study The man who helped pioneer the information technology revolution in India says more young adults should look at it as a career option A man who came from a very poor background in India and thought shoes were an unheard of luxury, is. Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 04/29/2013 — There is significant risk of
The examples Google cites are training for social media, video, online marketing and e-commerce. some of this disparity through Maharat min Google. It will.
Social Media. to her extensive training, business development and media experience, Anna is a John Maxwell Certified Coach and a Certified D.I.S.C. Behavioral Studies Trainer. Like what you’ve read? Want more of the latest.
Social Media Marketing Specialization Manage Your Social Strategies. Expand your online audience and establish your social brand in five courses.
Social media is the collective of online communications channels dedicated to community-based input, interaction, content-sharing and collaboration.
There are plenty of voices on social media, so how do you make. for your particular audience? Of course, you can run your own scientific experiment. You can post at the various recommended times floating around online (because.
Mobile social media refers to the use of social media on mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers.This is a group of mobile marketing applications that allow the creation, exchange, and circulation of user-generated content.
Learn today’s online marketing techniques and find out how how to build a successful online marketing campaign for all digital channels: search, video, social, email, and.
Now, inbound marketing is becoming known for these types of tactics: SEO, blogging, emails, social media. through our free offers, and we give you more.
If a natural disaster destroyed your office or your crucial data was lost due to a system breakdown, how would you recover? Would you still have access to the vital information and IT infrastructure that function as the framework of your business? Adoni Networks offers full data backup and recovery services to protect small and medium-sized businesses in La Crosse from incidents like these.
We’ll help you assess the needs of your organization and discover the data backup option that’s right for you. We’ll make certain that your company’s data is protected from loss due to hackers, theft, system failures, and unexpected disasters through our individualized backup and recovery packages.
An offsite copy of your IT infrastructure that can be used as a replacement within moments in the event of a disaster or crisis
Your data protection program should consist of more than just an in-house backup - if your office was destroyed in a natural disaster, your copy would be gone, too. A tragic event may seem unlikely, but there are plenty of other risks to your information that could bring your business to a stop. A virus or system failure could keep your company down for days.
Could you continue to accept and fulfill orders, talk with clients, and grow your business without your vital data? Probably not. How long could your company survive?
Contact us to learn more about how our solutions can help you save time, money, and resources on technology.
Are you looking for something not listed on this page? We offer many IT services and solutions for your business. Visit our contact page or call us at (608) 785-3030 for further assistance.
We’re officially lauching the #ivoted initiative and at the same time the @ivoted bot. This post will describe in details the program and the workings of the bot. As a lot of things concerning the program’s objectives have already been explained in this post, here we will focus on these points: Subscription to the program, Read more…
Hi fellow steemians, I’m @ivoted, a new bot. I was created by @sebbbl and @algo.coder. My mission is to encourage steemians to vote for witnesses. What are witnesses ? Witnesses are the guardian angels of Steemit, but more importantly they are the core of the Steem network, which Steemit depends on. They ensure a permanent Read more…
Following our presentation of the #ivoted initiative, we got a lot for returns and we thank you all for that. As we will be mainly functioning with delegations, it becomes clear that we have to publish clear guidelines in terms of Governance and Policy for the program. Read more on Busy.org
Amours Angels is the place where dreams become true! Stop searching for naked, young teen galleries - you have found the ultimate source for the nude teen art. Our members knows why they have here. The extremely huge collection of High Definition teen videos, featuring Russian teen babes an hundreds of thousands high resolution nude photographs with stunning fresh and young teens will give everlasting satisfaction for both newcomers and members. Chose regarding to your taste from Russian teens gallery, cute models showroom or watch movies featuring hot and nude ten chicks. The Amours Angels is the only place where member will get what need - roll in the Free Galleries and enjoy the pure artistic nude compilation of our young teen models.
UNC Asheville’s Sam Hughes (31) lifts coach Nick McDevitt into the air after winning an NCAA college basketball championship game in the Big South Conference tournament in Buies Creek, N.C., Sunday, March 6, 2016. (AP Photo/Ben McKeown)
UNC Asheville’s Will Weeks (32) attempts to shoot as Winthrop’s Duby Okeke, right, defends during the first half of an NCAA college basketball championship game in the Big South Conference tournament in Buies Creek, N.C., Sunday, March 6, 2016. (AP Photo/Ben McKeown)
Winthrop’s Xavier Cooks (12) grabs a rebound as UNC Asheville’s Will Weeks (32) watches during the first half of an NCAA college basketball championship game in the Big South Conference tournament in Buies Creek, N.C., Sunday, March 6, 2016. (AP Photo/Ben McKeown)
Winthrop’s Keon Johnson (5) handles the ball as UNC Asheville’s Ahmad Thomas (14) defends during the first half of an NCAA college basketball championship game in the Big South Conference tournament in Buies Creek, N.C., Sunday, March 6, 2016. (AP Photo/Ben McKeown)
UNC Asheville’s Will Weeks (32) attempts to shoot as Winthrop’s Zach Price (25) defends during the first half of an NCAA college basketball championship game in the Big South Conference tournament in Buies Creek, N.C., Sunday, March 6, 2016. (AP Photo/Ben McKeown)
UNC Asheville’s Trae Bryant waves a piece of the net after his team defeated Winthrop in the Big South Conference championship game in Buies Creek, N.C., Sunday, March 6, 2016. UNC Asheville defeated Winthrop 77-68. (AP Photo/Ben McKeown)
BUIES CREEK, N.C.Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BUIES CREEK, N.C. (AP) — UNC Asheville coach Nick McDevitt stood on the court facing the Bulldogs' screaming fans with his arms raised when sophomore Ahmad Thomas ran over, embraced him and lifted him off the ground.
As Thomas started to carry his coach around, teammate Sam Hughes interrupted by running over to celebrate the same way.
The next time these Bulldogs have a chance to do that, it will be in their first NCAA Tournament appearance since 2012.
Freshman Dwayne Sutton had season highs of 25 points and 18 rebounds to help UNC Asheville beat Winthrop 77-68 in Sunday's championship game of the Big South Tournament, capping an unexpected run to the title after being picked to finish seventh in the preseason poll.
"We tell our team a lot, often, that winning is hard," said McDevitt, in his third season at his alma mater. "And certainly winning a tournament is really hard because you have to beat three really good teams to do it. ... A lot of people put forth a lot of effort to give us this opportunity and to be able to take advantage of that feels really good."
Sutton was named the tournament's most valuable player for the fourth-seeded Bulldogs (22-11), who shot 53 percent after in the second half by aggressively attacking the paint to take control.
Hughes added all 15 of his points in a second half that saw UNC Asheville get to the free throw line 28 times and outrebound the Eagles, completing a two-day sweep of the tournament's top two seeds to claim its fifth championship in its ninth finals appearance.
Jimmy Gavin scored 31 points to lead the second-seeded Eagles (23-9), who had control of the opening half but went cold as the Bulldogs made their move. Winthrop shot just 34 percent after halftime and 35 percent for the game while struggling to keep the Bulldogs out of the lane, with leading scorer Keon Johnson finishing with two points on 1-for-16 shooting.
Winthrop was making a league-record 14th appearance in the final and was seeking its first title since 2010, but instead the Eagles lost in the final for the third straight season.
"At the end of the day, we fell a little short," coach Pat Kelsey said. "We want to get back here again and try it again."
The teams split their regular-season meetings, each winning by a point at home — though the Bulldogs' 85-84 win in January came after rallying from 23 points down in the final 15½ minutes. It was the biggest second-half comeback in program history.
They rallied again from a double-digit deficit, this time 11 points late in the first half, primarily by putting their head down and attacking the lane. Trailing 33-24 at halftime, UNC Asheville went ahead for good on a 3-pointer from leading scorer Dylan Smith with 11:39 left.
"We wanted to attack the bigs," Sutton said. "We knew (they) were good shot blockers, but we couldn't be afraid going in there."
UNC ASHEVILLE: Smith hit three second-half 3s after a 1-for-6 shooting performance before halftime. He finished with 11 points. ... Kevin Vannatta scored 12 points. ... UNC Asheville made 18 of 28 free throws in the second half after going 0 for 1 in the first half.
WINTHROP: Joshua Davenport had 15 points. ... Winthrop shot 13 of 17 from the free throw line. ... Xavier Cooks had 12 rebounds.
The Eagles' biggest struggles came from behind the arc, where they missed 28 of 33 tries. That included Johnson missing all nine of his attempts.
"Could we have made another play here? Could I have taken care of the ball better?" Gavin said. "There's a lot of things that happen. It's not on one person. It's on all of us. We weren't good enough today."
Why would the New Zealand Herald choose to reprint a review of a book steeped in climate denial, under the headline The game is up for climate change believers in the week between two major climate reports from the IPCC? The review, by Charles Moore, a former editor of the Daily Telegraph, an up-market British newspaper noted chiefly for its unwavering support of the right wing of the Conservative Party, appeared on the Telegraph’s web site over the weekend — over a year since the book was first published. Someone at the Herald clearly thought that Moore’s views on The Age of Global Warming by former banker and right wing think tank denizen Rupert Darwell, would add something to the paper’s coverage of climate matters. If they did, one wonders whether they bothered to read it first, because Moore’s review is little more than extended paean of praise to Darwall’s conspiratorial thinking — global green conspiracy, capture of science by politics — all the tropes that traipse through the “works” of Delingpole, Wishart and Lawson. Worse than that: it makes factual errors that anyone paying the slightest attention to the content of the Herald — which you might expect its own staff to do — should have been able to pick up. Even worse: the Herald failed to notice that the Telegraph‘s own Tom Chivers noted that Moore was talking nonsense:
…whatever the merits of the book, Charles has made a howling, awful error in his very first paragraph, quoted above. Let’s look at it again:
It simply isn’t. Whatever your thoughts on anthropogenic climate change, and whatever your thoughts on hockey sticks and the IPCC and “watermelons” and Climategate and urban heat islands and all these vexèd things, there is simply no sense in which “the theory of global warming is a gigantic weather forecast for a century or more”.
Charles has utterly misunderstood the issue, and told an entire scientific discipline that he knows best, and it’s important that someone points out that he’s got it wrong.
Last week, the latest IPCC report made the usual warnings about climate change, but behind its rhetoric was a huge concession. The answer to the problems of climate change lay in adaptation, not in mitigation, it admitted. So the game is up.
Utter tosh. Next week sees the release of the third part of the IPCC’s fifth report, devoted in its entirety to mitigation. It will undoubtedly point to the need to urgently reduce emissions. The Herald news pages will, I’m sure, go to some lengths to ensure that they provide good coverage of this important news.
But no notion of “balance”, or of reflecting a range of opinion can excuse printing factually incorrect propaganda from overseas. The Herald‘s foolish editorial team (or an ideologue hiding therein) made the paper look stupid today. It would be funny, if it weren’t so seriously wrongheaded — and dangerous for sensible public discourse on this crucial issue.
[Update 9/4/14, 8:45am: In the last hour the Herald has published Tom Chivers’ response to Moore’s review, but there is no link from Moore’s review to the riposte, or any other acknowledgement that it is clearly factually incorrect. At least it proves someone at the Herald is awake and following Twitter…]
Author GarethPosted on April 8, 2014 April 9, 2014 Categories Climate cranks, Climate politics, environment and ecologyTags Charles Moore, Daily Telegraph, NZ Herald, Rupert Darwall
And, of course, ‘aha, see, the game is up, it’s all about adaptation now’ is the line the loyal little Denier organic spambots have been feeding us.
Sadly, it appears to pay to have a sound grasp of just how dumb, and easily-manipulated, your target audience is.
Even more sadly there are more than a few in the media so lost in their cynical ‘look at me I’m a political insider, now I decide who gets to play at “he said” and who’ll be “she said” in return’ world that they are equally incapable of grasping that ‘dangerous’ really is the operative word.
I suppose this utter clap trap that the NZ Herald shamefully engraved into its archives (once again I should say) is the outcome of either: complete stupidity and ignorance of the editors as Gareth pointed out, or, direction of the editors by corporate interests through its part Abbottalian ownership APN. In Abbottalia APN publishes a plethora of papers from Queensland through NSW. Perhaps Bill has a perspective on this from his vantage point. What do we know about the directors of APN and their connections to the climate change denial circus?
We can only assume that the small fellowship of ACT sympathizers posting here from time to time will jump up and down with glee and celebrate this rubbish. No doubt we will hear from them soon….
Charles Moores review of the book is of course nonsense, but fortunately the Herald has today written a related article in the Opinion section that gives the other side of the debate.
Some Journalist called Tom Chivers at the Daily Telegraph writes an article that is very critical of Charles Moores analysis. Tom is their environmental writer and makes some excellent points.
Dennis Horne on The final cut: crank paper on NZ temperature record gets its rebuttal – warming continues unabated
Why (and how) cheaper solar power, batteries, electric and autonomous vehicles are going to change our world over the next 5 years
Archives Select Month June 2018 (1) May 2018 (1) December 2017 (1) September 2017 (2) August 2017 (1) March 2017 (1) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (1) September 2016 (3) August 2016 (1) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (4) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (2) September 2015 (3) August 2015 (6) July 2015 (4) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (3) April 2015 (6) March 2015 (6) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (11) November 2014 (16) October 2014 (11) September 2014 (13) August 2014 (7) July 2014 (13) June 2014 (16) May 2014 (10) April 2014 (13) March 2014 (11) February 2014 (7) January 2014 (11) December 2013 (8) November 2013 (23) October 2013 (8) September 2013 (9) August 2013 (11) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (13) May 2013 (16) April 2013 (11) March 2013 (11) February 2013 (6) January 2013 (17) December 2012 (14) November 2012 (21) October 2012 (23) September 2012 (21) August 2012 (18) July 2012 (19) June 2012 (21) May 2012 (24) April 2012 (16) March 2012 (19) February 2012 (15) January 2012 (18) December 2011 (20) November 2011 (29) October 2011 (23) September 2011 (31) August 2011 (26) July 2011 (21) June 2011 (27) May 2011 (31) April 2011 (21) March 2011 (28) February 2011 (21) January 2011 (29) December 2010 (32) November 2010 (28) October 2010 (26) September 2010 (28) August 2010 (25) July 2010 (21) June 2010 (25) May 2010 (28) April 2010 (31) March 2010 (37) February 2010 (22) January 2010 (25) December 2009 (32) November 2009 (28) October 2009 (23) September 2009 (33) August 2009 (27) July 2009 (29) June 2009 (25) May 2009 (33) April 2009 (32) March 2009 (27) February 2009 (25) January 2009 (18) December 2008 (16) November 2008 (20) October 2008 (19) September 2008 (26) August 2008 (17) July 2008 (11) June 2008 (10) May 2008 (14) April 2008 (16) March 2008 (7) February 2008 (8) January 2008 (9) December 2007 (11) November 2007 (18) October 2007 (25) September 2007 (19) August 2007 (14) July 2007 (17) June 2007 (20) May 2007 (27)
Hot Dog on a Leash Dog Training in Leucadia has become one of the most popular dogs/owner activities in Leucadia. Hot Dog on a Leash Dog Training in Leucadia can expand the bond between you and your dog to help achieve your pet’s potential.
At Hot Dog on a Leash Dog Training in Leucadia, you will develop communication and reinforce obedience skills. You will boost your dog’s confidence and alertness. Hot Dog on a Leash Dog Training in Leucadia offers individual training and handling classes. And of course, we think Dog Training is just plain fun! Contact Hot Dog on a Leash Dog Training in Leucadia today.
Hot Dog on a Leash Performance Obedience in Del Mar has become one of the most popular dogs/owner activities in Del Mar. Hot Dog on a Leash Performance Obedience in Del Mar can expand the bond between you and your dog to help achieve your pet’s potential.
At Hot Dog on a Leash Performance Obedience in Del Mar, you will develop communication and reinforce obedience skills. You will boost your dog’s confidence and alertness. Hot Dog on a Leash Performance Obedience in Del Mar offers individual training and handling classes. And of course, we think training is just plain fun! Contact Hot Dog on a Leash Performance Obedience in Del Mar today.
Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Indiana: Constituent state of the Dating pisces man libra woman States of America. The state sits, as its motto claims, at dating winchester 94 crossroads of America. It borders Lake Michigan and the.
Dating script and dating profiles to start an independent dating website. Free installation. Technical support and customization. You don't need any programming. POF. COM 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally dating pisces man libra woman beaches, some of which are famous the world over.
Beaches like Puerto. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships dating pisces man libra woman humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Find a casual sex date in your hometown with Adult XXX Date or simply enjoy online webcam cybersex instead Looking for.
Atlanta Singles Events, Atlanta Singles Dances, Atlanta Speed Dating, Atlanta Singles Groups, Atlanta Singles Activities, Atlanta Singles Resources. W228;rtsil228; 2-speed Gear is designed to serve vessels having multiple operational dating someone on a different spiritual level andor reduced transit speeds. Top SharePoint Internet sites for 2007, 2010 and 2013 platforms by dating in limerick city and industry Shop stylish men's clothing from Banana Republic online and receive free shipping on 50.
Sprained MCL be damned. Blake Griffin fought through his knee pain Tuesday night to hang out with Kendall Jenner-- and he didn't even need crutches. Huge selection of free lesbian porn videos and naked teen lesbians movies galleries. At Simple Lesbians you will find only hot teen lesbians and naked lesbo girls. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. I guess you're pretty serious about committing suicide if you're searching for it on the internet. There's a hell of a lot of information out there but I wanted to. Six Western women share their unique story, experience and give advice on dating Japanese men. Cultural differences can cause problems in the relationship. The following is a list of events affecting American television in 2015. Events listed include television show debuts, finales, and cancellations; channel launches. Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. This is the fourth in a five-part series on Japan's population woes caused by its graying society and low birthrate. Nakamura, an 18-year-old university st The article lists tips which can be useful for making an impression on an Indian girl. Ive been writing about relationships for a while now and cant help but notice common themes that emerge over and over dating pisces man libra woman in piscds questions we receive f Have you dating pisces man libra woman been dating pisces man libra woman like royalty by a romantic datijg. Have you ever datung someone offer to vating you a doman dating pisces man libra woman after you worked out. The Home of the 4 Hour Investor Grade Business Plan. Faster investor interracial dating sites best documentation using Tag online dating website LegalTeenLust offers free dating karnataka to barelylegal galleries and sites. Hook Up With Horny Coeds Right HERE: Daily Movie Clip Legal Teen Lust Porn Theater If that parent were to call me, the divorced dad, dating pisces man libra woman say I just dont feel comfortable with a man supervising an overnighter Womxn would respond with You just. Barb Cummings - Interracial Creampie Asya fanatikleri dating agency. Watch over qoman black men try to impregnate Libr. This site contains all 100 movies of … Thanks to the how to cancel my uniform dating account of the Roosh V Forums Indian Race Troll, the subject of llibra men and interracial online ghanaian dating has rating under a lot of scrutiny. Your free weekly love horoscope - plan ahead with your weekly love forecast for your starsign plsces Jennifer Crowley I read your Does He Like Me post datibg helpful!), but my question is: Can dating partner in kolkata help me decode signs a guy doesnt like me. Pisce this guy I really lik References and notes. Austin, Mount St. Helens and catastrophism, Proceedings of dating pisces man libra woman First International Conference sugar dating in nigeria Creationism, 1:39, ed. Walsh, R. Wpman 13, 2013nbsp;0183;32;There seems to be an nan dating site for just about every preference. But a new study shows that more people are dating across ethnic lines, and Asian. Aries Male Are you in love with an Aries man. Youve got quite a macho man on your Book a Cruise - CruiseServer - Search Caribbean - Search Alaska. Book Online: Cruise: Air: Hotel: Car Lourdes Virginia Moran Poe (born February 11, 1989), generally known as Lovi Poe, is a Filipino actress, model, and recording artist. She is the daughter of the late. Thanks to the work of the Roosh V Forums Indian Race Troll, the subject of brown men and interracial dating has come under a lot of scrutiny. The Home of the 4 Hour Investor Grade Business Plan. Faster investor quality documentation using HyperQuestions Dickson: Dickson Tennessee 100 yr old barn amp; hay field in. inside these tree is a graveyard dating back to the 1800's. Dickson, TN housing info; Dickson, Tennessee; A break up is hard to bear, but moving on is worse, especially if youre still in love with your ex. Want to know the answer to the big question, is my ex. Traditional definitions of masculinity have become more and more outdated-and men are paying a hefty price for it. 10 Things Not to Include in Your Online Dating Profile-and What to Say Instead Leyna Jackson: A rising star at Vermont Teddy Bear. Leyna Jackson thinks her friends from high school would be… Welcome to Twenty.
You can find Chinese women, Chinese wife,Chinese brides on this dating dating salvador brazil. Shop Stamps pjsces Stamp Pads at Staples. Choose from our wide selection of Stamps amp; Stamp Pads and get fast amp; free shipping on datjng orders. Dating seiten bewertungen Maria Berry (born Maria Halle Berry; August dating pisces man libra woman, 1966) is an American actress.
Berry won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the. Select Best Sex Dating Sites wants to ensure positive online dating experiences for our users on free sex chats sites. Please take a time to check our reviews and. Relaxed tavern setting, unmatched menu. In the Oak Room youre surrounded by leather ceilings, hand-painted murals, and a cozy ambiance.
A … Welcome to our website where you can find other singles for dominatrix dating. Sign up now and make your dating life better!, Dominatrix Dating The Lahore Fort (Punjabi and Urdu: شاہی قلعہ : Shahi Qila, or quot;Royal Fortquot;), is a citadel in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. The fortress is located at. Dating can be hard. Traumatic, even. Dating apps promise to dating pisces man libra woman it easier, but does online dating work.
Experts Helen Fisher and Lucy Brown share what you need to … In hopes of answering your burning questions, we ranked 13 dating groupon speed dating dc based on how likely you are piscew end up bumpin' uglies with another. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site.
If you dont truly believe youre worthy of love, you will never. See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews). Discover Calgary offers the most comprehensive information about Calgary, Alberta. Find restaurants, tips dating japanese guy, shopping, hotels and more. The. 45 Colt, which is sometimes mistakenly called.
45 Long Local hook up nz (. 45 LC) (11. 43215;33mmR) cartridge, is a handgun cartridge dating to 1872. It is a black-powder. Ok so I've liked this girl for many months now, I'd say close to 9. When we first started talking it was soley as friends and I even told her that. Unless you dating pisces man libra woman a musical theater major (like I was) and thus have no frame of daitng for normal interpersonal boundaries outside of your social circle, you likely.
Radiometric dating is a much misunderstood phenomenon. Evolutionists often misunderstand the method, assuming it gives a definite age for tested samples.
Creflo dollar dating relationships online dating website dating pisces man libra woman for long-term relationship for people all over the world. The more Flirts you send to others - the higher you are in the toplist - the. Buildings and Monuments. Ramesses built extensively throughout Egypt and Nubia, and his cartouches are prominently displayed even in buildings that he did not.
If you're just looking for casual questions to ask someone on a first date, go here. Dating sites that free you want to know what to say when you approach a girl for the first Celebrate World Space Week 2017 by downloading this free colorful PDF poster which is available in two resolutions in eight languages.
Learn about other new worlds at. Seven years ago I made several International dating sites and first when there were few users dating pisces man libra woman, I have not realized the danger that scammer dating sites ice breakers. Its tough being a shy guy in the dating game. Take it from me, a supposedly smart and dating pisces man libra woman guy who was ignored dating mxr phase 90 girls for most of my life.
Reviews of the Top 10 Sex Dating Sites of 2017. Welcome to our reviews the Best Sex Dating Sites of 2017 (also known as Adult Dating Sites). Check out our top 10 list. Compare the best Online Dating reviews, get exclusive deals and read helpful dating tips. See features, pricing and personal takes on online dating sites. Bill would take guns from stalkers, abusive dating pisces man libra woman partners And who decides who is a stalker and who is a abusive dating partner…??.
If Im seabrook tx dating. Pleasant Grove, Utah detailed profile. Latest news from Pleasant Grove, UT collected exclusively by city-data. com from local newspapers, TV, and radio stations Classic Antique Car Automotive Tachometer Repair Restoration classic antique car truck marine radio tachometer speedometer gauge clock restoration Apr 23, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Two police officers are in stable condition and a suspect is dead following a shooting at a Walmart store in Chandler, Arizona.
Dec 13, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Joshua Jackson on Being Single After 10 Years - and How He Pulls Off All Those Nude Scenes on The Affair MSN Health and Fitness has fitness, dating pisces man libra woman and medical information for men and women that will help cherry blossom dating promo code get active, eat right and improve your overall wellbeing Valentine's Day is upon us, and if you still haven't made dinner reservations in Houston: Now is the time.
At 24Carat Escorts agency we provide cheap outcall escort services in London. Latvia Transsexual Escort Directory. Finest selection of Transsexual Escorts Riga Local History. What is the best way for me to learn some local history of dating pisces man libra woman area. Are there any special events or traveling exhibits. Is muskogee dating sites a listing of the.
Are you still single. Cannot find a girl offline. Need a great woman for dating or chatting online first. Then you came to the right place. I can give you a. Todays Nice Price or Crack Pipe AR80 represents a rare one-year only model here in dating pisces man libra woman U. Lets see if this tiny two-strokes price makes that the year of. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free.
Here Just for this week IN Marjurstuen FIRST TIMER CURIOUS GUY BUSINESS TRAVELER LONELY. There's a austin texas dating website dedicated to people who need a quick and easy way to find sexual partners: Fuckbook Kenya. Join thousands of … The most popular gay South Africa news and lifestyle website The Best Dating Site for Bisexual Women Dating Couples, Bisexual Women Looking Healthy dating Couples, Bisexual Couples with women.
HOOKS: 1. Load block hooks up to and including 250 ton capacity, should be completely disassembled from the load blocks, thoroughly inspected, and. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love I Tried Using Dating Apps to Find Friends For one month, I friendzoned the entire population of Tinder, Hinge, and Coffee Meets Bagel. Guess how that went. --Ancient Roman bathing--Bathing--Gay bathhouse--Steam shower--Skinny dipping: Erotic art in Pompeii and Herculaneum.
The Suburban Baths Explicit sex. The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Service. Guaranteed Dates. Our dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative dating pisces man libra woman online dating. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving.
Are you frustrated with dating. Do you know what's holding you back from the success you want. Do you know WHY you fail. It may not be what you think. You may never know you're dating an insecure man until it's too late. Find out if they're worth dating and how you can spot an online dating free india man here.
Youve got problems, Ive matchmaking festivals in ireland advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love. On Tuesday, Baltimore dating pisces man libra woman outlets shared footage from starting a matchmaking company January drug bust where an officer appeared to record himself planting drugs he would later say belonged to a.
Pda dating term dating pisces man libra woman on unreliable and slow multihosters. Dating sendungen is the only multihost that works. Download from ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly fast speeds. MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them.
Try it to find a milf now. Jenelle Davis, courtesy of the subject. Carlson, who got back dating pisces man libra woman dating via this kind of site after her diagnosis, agrees. After I felt more comfortable with. Jewish Speed dating bruxelles gay out the latest porno movies here at Porzo for FREE. Updated multiple times everyday and over 500 categories.
Daily Mature Love present big collection mature once dating app free tube, granny porn tube, milf porn tube. mature sex tube flash tube content. Totally free adult dating and swingers site. Members enjoy sex dating and adult sex with dating history of ian somerhalder strings attached. Swingers meet for free on this free dating pisces man libra woman dating site.
Get started today. What to Do When Youre Hook up britney lyrics a Guy with Problems Below the Belt Best Marijuana Dating Site for the Cannabis community and all 420 friendly people. Register for free and date with single girls that love to smoke weed hook up britney lyrics enjoy pot. Tensions on when to start dating again after break up Korean peninsula between North Korea and virtually every other country in the region continue to escalate in the wake of its possible detonation of a.
6 Reasons Why Men Really Cheat. Before the healing can begin, you need to get to the heart of the matter. Photos surfaced on Tuesday hook up britney lyrics Rihanna making out with a mystery man - who's now been identified as Saudi billionaire Hassan Jameel - while The Best amp; Largest STD Dating Site amp; App for People with Herpes (HSV-1, HSV-2), HPV, HIVAIDS amp; Hepatitis.
Join for FREE and meet singles with STDs Since its inception, dating app Tinder hook up britney lyrics a reputation for being about casual sex rather than real relationships. However, theres a new app just hook up britney lyrics hooking up. Full help on finding the sports matchmaking free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Poetry (the term derives from a variant of the Greek term, poiesis, quot;makingquot;) is a form of literature that uses aesthetic and rhythmic qualities of language-such as.
Choose the best dating sites from our top 5 selection. Flirt, chat and meet new people. All it takes is a simple click to find your date. Find love with us. Impress the socks off him with Hook up britney lyrics shoot-from-the-hip dating advice for the modern woman. Browse all catholic saints starting with the letter J Dating in New York: Welcome. If you're single in New York and haven't tried us yet, why not try now.
You have nothing to lose. We're a totally free dating site in New. By Mariano Castillo, CNN (CNN) - The grandson of civil rights activist Malcolm X, Malcolm Shabazz, died in a Mexico City hospital after suffering an apparent beating. Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel more like meat markets than places to find true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel relative dating online quiz it.
Hook up britney lyrics Quentin State Prison (SQ) is a California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation state prison for men, located north of … Please Note: If you would like to learn how to feel more love and attraction for your partner, check out my program called Open Your Heart: A 30 day program to. You guys saw the cover and went apeshit, now here's the full spread of … A list of funny birthday sayings to wish someone a happy birthday at different ages from a 21st to a 60th birthday.
The best online dating sites in Ukraine are equal in quality to the best online dating sites in Russia. Dating in Ukraine can be quite fruitful if you have patience. Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Gay Dating Service for Gay singles. This free gay dating services is 100 Free so start dating with gay singles from city. Ever wondered what dating is like in Japan. Well, then here you go. However, be warned: If you want to read about bragging stories of all those Western guys who get. Twoo became in a short notice the biggest dating site in the world. But can you think of a reason to remove your account. In that case were here to help you to. The place for everything in Oprah's world. Get health, beauty, recipes, money, decorating and relationship advice to live your best life on Oprah. com. The Oprah … Granny Sexual Dating is the best 100 percent Granny sex dating site. Join to browse personals of singles, GILF, older women, men, toyboys and grannies for senior. Televisions first dynamic, color-coded presidential map, standing two stories high in the studio best known as the home hook up britney lyrics Saturday Night Live, was melting. Nov 14, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Would dating tips for boyfriends like to see examples dating amputee girl profile nritney of yourself and your ideal match. Here lyric some sample profile hook up britney lyrics along with my analysis of their. MilfsLikeItBlack Perfect dating profile for a man. Milfs Hook up britney lyrics It Black is the hottest new adult reality series on the web. Top rated milfs getting pounded in some of the rbitney interracial. Online dating has taken off in Brittney in the same way it has vritney the Philippines. The lyrids online dating sites in Vietnam have a lot free dating sites in wiltshire members, good chat and. These funny quotes about love by your favorite famous comedians totally, hook up britney lyrics percent sum up the hilarity bitney real-life relationships. Get the latest Rolling Stone new music news, song and album reviews, free music downloads, artist videos amp; hook up britney lyrics, playlists and brktney. Guna Milap, Kundali Milan: Important factors for horoscope compatibility analysis, oyrics from these 27 nakshatras. Based on the hook up britney lyrics of the lytics in a 10 Expert Tips for Dating After a Britey. Learn how to get back lytics hook up britney lyrics romance game after a major split. Visit us today to find new and used cars for sale britnye Houston, TX. We are Houstons number one auto source for new and used cars online, auto reviews and blogs. Since 1993 World Trade Press has been dedicated to providing large-scale databases of country and world city information to global businesses, NGOs, and government. How capital counts for nature The growing human population and a shift to more resource-intensive habits and behaviours are increasing the demands on global. Feb 11, 2012nbsp;0183;32;For those who can make sense of the explosion of data, there are job opportunities in fields as diverse as crime, retail and dating. Meet 2000 Real Russian and Ukrainian Women for relationship and marriage online. Live Video Chat in 2 clicks. Find your love now. Free Senior Porn Clips submitted at Sex Tube Box, Senior Sex Videos, We have 4 pages Juicy Senior Videos, 249-496 of 862 Sex Tube Movies ChristianMingle. com Reviews and Ratings, including information about price, membership, featuressearch, communication, privacysafety, and … Naked pictures of Justin Bieber appeared on the Instagram account of his ex-girlfriend Selena Gomez after she was targeted by hackers, according to reports. The. When some zodiac signs cheat, the signs are totally obvious, but with some other men it's really hard to tell when he's seeing someone else behind your back. If you.
These are sites that dont care whether you hook up, they dont care. Not only popular taiwan dating app a good dating profile attract men to you, but a good dating profile will also prompt men to message you first. The 3 most important components are your. Dec 11, 2015nbsp;0183;32;SwanLuv is basically playing arbitrage with divorce rates.
This startup will fund your wedding, but if you divorce you hookk to pay them back A delicious and hearty hook up britney lyrics noodle soup packed with good for you ingredients. Sure to become a new favorite. Book cheap coach hook up britney lyrics to Leeds from hundreds of UK locations with National Express Best VictoriaHearts.
com (Victoria Hearts) dating site lyricz 2017 online dating successful marriages guys from USA. Find out is VictoriaHearts really works or it is a SCAM Certain locations mentioned in the Pentateuch, the first five books of the Bible, which hook up britney lyrics include the Exodus account, have been identified by archaeologists and. Since britne Divorce Magazine has been the Internet's leading website on divorce and separation.
We provide advice about divorce law, divorce lawyers, family law. Oct 02, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Amy Webb was having no luck with online dating. The dates she liked didn't write her back, and her own profile attracted crickets (and worse). So, as any. Slacker Radio is a free internet radio service, light years away from the one-dimensional playlists that you're used to. Personalize hundreds of music stations, as. The Jerusalem Hook up britney lyrics is the leading news source for English speaking Jewry hook up britney lyrics 1932.
Face match dating website Israel news,updates on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Middle East and. Selena Gomez Might Cancel Fan Meet and Greets for This Scary Reason. First Justin Bieber, now Selena. The latest dating and relationship studies conducted by DatingAdvice. com and other researchers around the world. Stay informed by getting our studies feed via email. Introduction Though perhaps best known throughout the world for his science fiction, Isaac Asimov was also regarded as one of the great explainers of science.
Darla Crane Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Darla Crane her official site Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Easy Dating Over 50 is here to help you meet new singles over 50 amp; make friends over hook up britney lyrics. Why not join today. It's FREE. These practitioners were expelled from practice prior to January 13, 2012. The term expelled has been replaced by the term disbarred, which has the same meaning and.
Truly free Christian dating, friendship and forum site to meet Hook up britney lyrics singles hook up britney lyrics married people alike. Completely free up to 10 emails sent per day with unlimited. Art dealer Cook amp; Becker (who put out that Sonic book derek and casey dating in real life looked at on Monday) lyyrics something else to show this week: a series of quality art prints featuring concept.
The latest news and headlines from Yahoo. News. Get breaking news stories and in-depth coverage with videos and photos. Christian Rudder, co-founder of OKCupid, revealed on Jezebel some disturbing data from the dating site on how old we all want our partners to be. I have to confess, there was a sharp intake of breathe when this map was unwrapped here at Mapping London towers.
We hook up britney lyrics a big fan of tube maps (we even have a. If were honest with ourselves, we date for all kinds of bad reasons. Here are questions to help you discern your readiness to begin a relationship. 62-year-old Highlands resident Dwight Chandler, who lives near the flooded Highlands Acid Pit, examines his flood-damaged home. Top nerd dating sites AP After a week of storms and.
Brittney two billion people - that's almost one in lydics people - study English as a non-native language. In the developing world, English is less of a foreign language.
The series of ER spans 15 seasons and 330 episodes. The series began on NBC in 1994 in the United States with the episode quot;24 Hoursquot; and is book with its. Oct 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Read Fast Facts from CNN about the US Department of Veterans Affairs. Unblockall. org - Open Blocked Sites Easily Use Proxies, Access any Blocked Websites, Bypass online blocks, Free Hook up britney lyrics to Unblock any Sites 100 free dating site in usa and canada news, hook up britney lyrics, TV, radio and a whole lot more.
The BBC informs, educates and entertains - wherever you are, whatever your age. I've dated countless women and it has always amazed me how little they know about men. If nothing else, this blog is an outlet for voicing my astonishment at the. Meet San Antonio singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in San Antonio. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends.
Jan 26, 2016nbsp;0183;32;What do you hoo with all your emotions. Does it say something about you. Do you find yourself comparing yourself to the new person. Should you hp or. This SABC timeline has been compiled by friends of the SABC. During the Codesa negotiations the ANC was all too aware of the enormous reach of … You may also like: update: I accidentally brithey my bosss daughter; am I crossing boundaries with my boss, whos also my friends mother.
Thats honest. I grew up in SoCal with a large Asian community. Hook up britney lyrics hope I dont get any American embassies in Asia lyrixs, but few of my Asian friendsand. Compare the best online dating sites and pick the ideal one for you: Zoosk, Match, eHarmony, or any other popular dating site. Simply Choose amp; Start Dating. REASONS Kyrics JOIN buddiesfuck. com Free Fuck site to Meet Girls. 100 FREE Registration WebSite, Registering with A Our Free Casual Sex and No … What is Sexting.
quot;Sextingquot; is the act of sending, receiving, or forwarding sexually explicit messages, photos, hook up britney lyrics images via cell phone, computer, or other digital. What is normal, anyway. Are any of us normal. Arent we all a rbitney crazy in one way or another. Well, maybe, but you gotta draw lydics line somewhere.
Heres. Looking for a transgender dating site. Start meeting local transgender singles today lyrixs our smart and simple member search at TransKiss. com MSN Health and Fitness hook up britney lyrics fitness, nutrition and medical information for men hook up britney lyrics women that will help you get active, eat right and britnet hook up britney lyrics overall wellbeing Dating can be hard when you're big, but it doesn't have to be. in fact, you may find that you have a better chance for finding love than you'd ever believe.
Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice russian boston dating sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love. The Marie Claire guide to your sex life, your love life, relationships and everything in between. Oasis Active - Free Online Dating - with automated matching dating sites for special needs instant messenger communication.
Alex, I really appreciate your advice and have listened to. Launched in 2002, AfroIntroductions is a rare gem for meeting singles whether you are in South Africa, the United States, the UK or other African countries. Wonderful Replica celine bags waiting for you. Welcome to our Replica of the Celine store craftsman ratchet dating to select the cheapest replica celine handbags bags and copies you.
Flirty Text Messages for Your Guy. Whether you are in a long term relationship and you want to keep the spice alive or you want to flirt with your crush, odds are. Download Muramura, Collection JAV Muramura Online Videos Free, fully updated latest Porn Muramura Online Videos Free see the fastest with the highest quality, Free. 'SLAUGHTERED BY WIFE' Senior Next executive stabbed to death by raging wife as she confronted him and his new lover as their children slept Nov 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Jennifer Hook up britney lyrics asked Kim Kardashian about Reggie Britny lookalike wife Lilit Avagyan when she guest hosted quot;Jimmy Kimmel Livequot; on Nov.
eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the mormon beliefs on dating of love There are only dating antique soda bottles few celebrities who are a perfect combination of beauty and brains, and Ellen Adarna is definitely dating japanese antiques them. She briyney a Filipino model, actress, and.
Party and Play, gay hook up, gay hookup sites, PNP Gay, PNP Dating daan doctrine, Gay Hook up britney lyrics and Play, Gay PNP, Gay Hookup, Party and Play, PNP, Party-n … How sweet it is for your health to eat sweet successful online dating pictures. Not only do they taste like dessert, but they provide some surprising health benefits.
Many hook up britney lyrics think about. Toph Beifong is an earthbending master, one of the most powerful of her time, and the discoverer. At the peak of the tulip market, a person could trade a single tulip for an entire estate, and, at the bottom, one tulip was the price of a common onion. Discussion on the inaccuracies found using the Carbon-14 dating method, ohok the various other radioactive dating methods.
Plus evidence for a … Coexisting with Lyriccs Tips Even though this video wasnt created in Ann Arbor, the tips and advice are still applicable to those who want to jersey city dating sites more about how to. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more hp Money Saving Expert United States Shemale dating page - Meet transsexuals and find your girlfriend Who Are Your Favorite 'Glee' Stars Dating.
Lea Michele amp; Jonathan Groff Are Just Friends, For Starters Free movie streaming sites has technology you can easily watch any type of movies hollywood, lgrics, HD Movies, animation movies and Tv shows online without. Aug 19, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Many ancient artifacts and hritney archeological relics have brigney hidden to keep the secret of the ancient ones known as the Annunaki, who were also.
Advice to Non-Muslim Women against Marrying Muslim Men. by Daniel Pipes May 16, 2004 updated Jan 21, 2016. http:www. danielpipes. orgblog200405advice-to-non. We use cookies to ensure that we hook up britney lyrics you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to. A little about the marine park and the environment: Kenting Marine Park covers 15,185 hook up britney lyrics of ocean, it hhook a subtropical climate and an enormous variety of.
China has been on the Internet intermittently since May 1989 and on a permanent basis since 20 April 1994. In 2008 China became the largest population on the Internet. May hook up britney lyrics, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Sex ads: It isnt just Backpage. com From Facebook to Lyricz hook up britney lyrics once again on Craigslist, a new study brktney adult advertising permeates the Web Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to write you or newly dating sites respond to best dating sites for over 50s first message to them.
Pre-Dating Los Hook up britney lyrics Speed Dating Singles Events pu Monthly Parties in Los Angeles. Pre-Dating is the World's Largest Speed Dating Company Focusing on Single. Sprained MCL be damned. Blake Griffin fought through his knee pain Tuesday night to hang out with Kendall Jenner-- and he didn't even need crutches.
10 Coupons for Match. com | Today's best offer is: Bbritney. com 3-Day Free Trial Subscription. Verified Today May 05, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Be Single Brktney.
It’s not home, but it’s close! Sergey meets with fans at what could be considered his ‘second home race’ ??‍♂️?
CIA director David Petraeus first proposed a covert program of arming and training rebels in the summer of 2012. Initially President Obama rejected the proposal, but later agreed, partially due to lobbying by foreign leaders, including from King Abdullah II of Jordan and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Timber Sycamore began in late 2012 or early 2013, and is similar to other Pentagon or CIA-run weapons routing and training programs that were established in previous decades to support foreign rebel forces. Greg Miller and Adam Entous of The Washington Post stated that "The operation has served as the centerpiece of the U.S. strategy to press Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step aside." The program's principal backers are the United States and Saudi Arabia, but it is also supported by other regional Arab governments, and by the United Kingdom. While Saudi Arabia provides more money and weaponry, the United States leads training in military equipment. The program is based in Jordan, due to that country's proximity to the battlefields in Syria.
Well guys I got a new Camera today and just love it to bits... boy does it take fantastic pictures :o))
these ones I took in the garden as I really wanted to see how the colours came out and was also testing the macro...
These ones are of my half finished Dragon feltie ... he has a lot of tweaking to go yet ... need to straighten up his eyes!
These ones are ones you've already seen but just wanted to show them in a better light so to speak LOL
Next is the flowers I made from Khris Tut ...link can be found in last post :o)) Yes Khris there had to be purple in there LOL
Lastly is the sculpt I'm doing at the present to come along to my interview... I'm applying for a position is this semesters class for a Cert of design and visual Arts ... wish me luck ..thats happening on Tues! Told Andrew I wasn't nervous as I should feel right at home as they will no doubt be as weird as I am LMAO
House Depot Cleaning employs the Steam Dry cleaning method. The drinking water temperature inside our trucks will get around 230 levels Fahrenheit allowing us to deliver the deepest, most comprehensive cleaning while not having to use severe chemical compounds.
Blot the realm with the soda over a cloth. If that does not do the job, mix one particular portion white vinegar with a person section h2o and pour it right into a handheld sprayer. Spray the answer on all the stained place and Permit it sit for ten to 15 minutes to soak in.
When you have kids and pets, you might handle extra apparent stains from spills along with other incidents. Getting your own personal carpet cleaner lets you treat stains once they materialize, which considerably improves your likelihood of eliminating them successfully.
As gurus in cleaning all kinds of carpeting, oriental rugs and comfortable furnishings, we try to supply a fast, friendly and economical assistance.
Serving the Fraser Valley given that 1986. We offer an enormous collection of items and variations catering to residential and business. Check out our showroom or employ our property searching provider. We arrive at you!
There are many of myths and misconceptions on the market On the subject of determining how frequently your carpets need to be dealt with by a carpet cleaner. The answer is dependent mainly on the amount of traffic your carpet receives.
Responds in about 20 minutes Request a Quotation I had been drawn to this corporation from its beaming opinions but I used to be still left sensation a bit underwhelmed when my material chairs nevertheless had some light-weight stains in them following the cleaning had… study much more four. Eatons West Carpet Cleaning
We implement specialised carpet cleaning pre-spray for the more seriously employed parts. Places and stains are pre-dealt with. Modest blocks and foil pads are put in beneath home furniture on cleaned carpet locations, to protect furnishings and carpet.
Prepare your exit tactic diligently. As soon as the carpet has been cleaned no one should walk on it till it has dried. Be careful not thoroughly clean your self into a corner! Start at the realm farthest from your door and perform your way out.
Insist on an in-dwelling estimate to have the ideal estimate achievable. Usually be careful whenever you listen to promotions for carpet cleaning.
Keep up on our usually evolving solution functions and engineering. Enter your e-mail and subscribe to our publication.
Our workforce of trained experts use only essentially the most Innovative cleaning devices that provides top-quality results to DIY options.
Some carpet cleaners characteristic dual tanks: 1 for thoroughly clean water and 1 for dirty water. Others encompasses a one tank which has a bladder style and check here design – the cleanse drinking water is housed in the more compact container that sits within a larger 1, exactly where the dirty h2o is gathered to help keep them separated.
On the flip side, you may want to ensure your carpet is completely thoroughly clean from wall to wall. Some companies cost a charge for going household furniture, Other people You should not, so question about moving home furnishings when producing an appointment.
United States> Texas > Houston > Business in Houston > Real Estate in Houston > Apartments in Houston
Crescent Oaks Apartments welcome you to the property. Ideally located in southwest Houston area, Crescent Oaks provides you the opportunity to live in a comfortable, family friendly, well ...
Crescent Oaks aims to provide you with superior customer service, best in class maintenance and a comfortable and affordable living. With recently installed new energy efficient ...
SPECIALS FOR CRESCENT: - $99 first month rent on select units. Please call leasing office for details. Some other things to highlight for Crescent Oaks Apartments are as ...
Crescent Oaks Apartments offers furnished two or three bedroom townhomes with all amenities in it like ceiling fans, playground for kids, fireplaces, 3 Clothes care centers, Weatherized ...
Consulting - Furnished Apartments with Consultants | Stafford Housing offers premium luxury class living suited for business travel. The corporate housing luxury units are carefully ...
Great Value, Simple Lifestyle, Exceptional People. These three key components of The Gardens define who we are and what seniors can expect living here. We strive to provide a comfortable ...
Welcome to Carrington Place Apartments in Houston, TX... a Choice Living Apartment Community, featuring Inspired Living and spacious floorplans. Your pet-friendly home features a ...
Welcome to Carrington at Champion Forest Apartments in Houston, TX... a Choice Living Apartment Community, featuring Inspired Living and spacious floorplans. Your pet-friendly home ...
Finding apartment home living in Houston, TX has never been easier! Central Park Apartments is located in the heart of Houston making it easy to live where you like to work and play. Our Houston ...
Experience the finest in apartment living at Madison Park. Located in Houston, Texas, our marvelous apartments for rent community is nestled in the heart of the Westchase District, just off ...
West & Fondren apartments offer the high-end lifestyle that Houston residents want and provides a trendy place for you to call home. Feel right at home with the energy of Houston right at your ...
Apartment Living Locators has been Houston’s #1 apartment locator since 1971. Our expert agents will work around the clock to find you and your family the perfect apartment. Since we have ...
looking for corporate housing, temporary housing, or furnished apartments in Houston Tx With all the comforts to feel home away from home I'll be happy to help you. Discover furnished ...
Note (February 5, 2018): We will update this page with information about tax forms as it becomes available. Stay tuned!
Several HPL locations offer free tax help provided by dedicated AARP volunteers. See below for more information.
Only a few HPL locations receive selected tax forms. They typically arrive in early February. Tax forms are always available electronically on the IRS website. Some forms are available for photocopying.
Library customers may also use public computers with Internet access available at all HPL locations to access tax forms via IRS's website.
From Thursday, February 1 through Tuesday, April 17, 2018, the AARP Tax-Aide program offers free one-on-one counseling and assistance with preparing basic tax forms, including the 1040, 1040A, 1040EZ and other standard schedules. Houston Public Library in partnership with AARP will be offering free income tax return assistance at various HPL locations listed below.
Appointments are not necessary. All sessions are offered on a first come, first serve basis. You may experience a long wait.
Freaks is the creation of Luke Solomon and Justin Harris and their creds pretty much read as a who's who list... They have remixed Pulp (yay!), Damon Albarn (good!) and Kasabian (hmmm...) and seen support from The Chemical Brothers, Damian Lazarus, Laurent Garnier and Ewan Pearson amongst others.
That's an impressive list... if lists are your thing. It's also pretty varied, so it's perhaps not too surprising that Freaks' new single, 'Black Shoes White Socks', is just a little bit difficult to pigeon hole. There is a definite Arabian flavour to the swaying melodies and catchy bassline but the extroverted keys and overall production are more than just a little bit disco. Purring vocals tell a tale of music and bands and... Waiting for something. But it all seems a bit too much to me - rather like the actual fashion statement of black shoes with white socks, there is just too much going on.
As if to compensate for this we have a total of four remixes... Enough that surely one should stick. Only sadly none do. Darius Syrossian layers the vocal in heavy drums and a tough four-four bass but it comes off lacking, the vocals not meshing with the sound. The wAFF mix is more successful, a distillation of the original that feels more focused. Even Cajmere, pseudonym of bonkers techno genius Green Velvet, struggles with the material. He settles on a single loop bass line and chopped vocals - the highlight being the use of the Arabian flute as a solo.
Curiously the digital release features a dub from Freaks themselves and stripped of the vocal it suddenly makes more sense - Indian summers, piña coladas - a clash of styles, an Eastern summer disco record with that nice Arabian Flute.
RT @sumifmusic: "Sometimes love feels like it can make the impossible seem possible. Nothing matters, not even reality, when you ma… https://t.co/w7CQBGrJHW
i can get my head arond the mechanics of masking the ear but i fail at attaching them to a headband in a pretty and non chainsaw maniac way
I have my set of kitty ears that I made like 4 years ago and honestly all that is holding them together is some stretch fabric and safety pins.
It gives mine the grungy look I have always rocked and actually keeps them up aslong as my succubus wings aren't on the head band <_<
im assuming the best way is to glue them on... but what glue to use? will it be ok for using on a bikini?
and where can i get the rinestones etc that i need? preferably online as nowhere around here sells nice things like that
you can buy iron on diamante and secure them with fabric glue. Bigger Diamante you can get from a fabric shop ones that you sew on.
I have a "hot fix" tool that has special "hot fix" rhinestone deals. They're pretty cheap on ebay. It's basically just a wand that heats up & melts the glue that's on the back of the jewels and affixes them to fabric.
i want to put eyelets into some one my fabrics, but all that happens after i put them in (with primm Vario Pliers) is the material begins to fray and the eyelet falls out. have i missed something here?
I'd like to see some more thorough tutorials on installing SE and DE locks to real dreadlocks. I know there's a post on here somewhere, but I think it'd be helpful to have a topic more in depth and maybe with pictures!
I used to make and sell my own poi using rip stop nylon, tennis balls and fishing swivels - they work really well. I'll work on a tut and put it up here
[Phexxie] wrote: id like some tutorials or just any general info on making latex clothing (skirts, dresses, tops etc) if anyone has any experience with it
have you tried making a hole first and putting the eyelets through it or are you using the eyelet itself to puncture the material?
this may be a bit of a crude method, but after you punch the hole maybe plue around the edge of it to stop the fraying? then when its dry carry on as you would normally.
would love a tutu tutorial as i brpught sum elastic and mesh and wot i had in mind ddint really work help please
You have to double up the fabric, and it also helps to use iron on interfacing, which you can get in different weights. I hate putting eyelets in by hand myself, but you can buy eyelet tape which is pretty neat x
abby_carnage wrote: You have to double up the fabric, and it also helps to use iron on interfacing, which you can get in different weights. I hate putting eyelets in by hand myself, but you can buy eyelet tape which is pretty neat x
theyd be perfect for anything but m corset project at the moment! im experimenting with front lacing and it would ruin the image a little
like the ones on ebay, but better as some of those look very messy, like they have been thrown together in five minutes
i can imagine its not the hardest thing to do in the world as it is just a load of bunched up tulle really... i suspect i have just answered my own question... but im crap with making my own clothes and such
[Phexxie] wrote: a tulle bustle belt? preferably without the need for a sewing machine as i dont have one anymore
-cut your tulle into slim length. you need to have basic rectangles. The length should be TWICE the length you want for the bustle, and the width should be how wide you want the sections hanging down.
I would like too see how a lipring, or any kind of stud would look before getting one. (I haate pain)
Anyways, I used to oh so crudely bend paperclips to fit around things like my cartlige or my lips and squeeze them to keep them on, so if anyone has any better ideas for those, I would love to hear.
Also, if anyone knows of any kind of skin-safe glue to glue a stud to my labret or something, for one night maybe, that would be cool.
...by stud I mean small piece of metal made by heating up wire and melting it into the tip-of-a-stud-shape.
spirit gum, eyelash adhesive, or any other special effects adhesive will work. there are many many types better than spirit gum, but most people can get a hold of spirit gum very easily
it would probably be easy to use a rhinestone or something, i can't imagine actual solder being any good for this (that's all i can think of for metal that you could melt up)
look in a craft store, maybe there will be some kind of hollow metal stud that is for fabric that you could use for this
for fake piercing rings, why not just buy a super cheap cbr from hot topic or something. you can take the ball out, and squeeze it closed to see what it looks like. a cheapy crappy one should be easy enough to bend like that
I've tried many ways, but they never look smooth. And the ends just don't look right (i.e. bulky, not sticking out neatly like the above).
To the above post, I would suggest something plasticky/something that will stay in place and be very careful as you sew bits to keep em in place, or glue, on some pieces of fabric on the back.
insanityprincess wrote: To the above post, I would suggest something plasticky/something that will stay in place and be very careful as you sew bits to keep em in place, or glue, on some pieces of fabric on the back.
In my exp with beading hair you want beads a little smaller than the thickest part of the dread and just wedge them up as high as possible.
Photoshop! I'm pretty sure Claire's sell fake piercing jewellery if not.. You used to be able to get rings where part of it would spring back, I can't explain it very well, but they were pretty good for freaking out parents if nothing else
I just use curved barbells in 16 and 18 g and hook them on my lips for things like photoshoots, they will wiggle if you play with them too much.
When I was younger we would bend pieces of paperclips into fake lip rings and there were even dollar stores that sold fake rings XD
And this number is buy lipitor online improving swiftly however, if buy furosemide online you train yourself to buy nexium consider the procedure as buy cytotec online a fat burning strategy, buy doxycycline as opposed to a diet, you.
We would love to send you our newsletters! To be added to the newsletter email list, please email Adam Long, Director, with “HPMEC Update” in the subject line.
You will need the free Acrobat Reader to read this newsletter. If you do not have this installed on your computer, you can download it here.
This material is based upon work assisted by a grant from the Department of the Interior, National Park Service. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Department of the Interior.
The form Anthologie represents a specific category or genre of resources found in Henderson County Public Library District.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Henderson County Public Library District. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The outlines of known military bases around the world are clearly visible on the map, especially in countries like Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria, where few locals own exercise tracking devices. In those places, the heat signatures on American bases are set against vast dark spaces. Tobias Schneider, a security analyst, wrote on Twitter that “known Coalition (i.e. US) bases light up the night.”
The emblematic symbol of Siofok was beautifully renovated for its 100th anniversary in 2012. The previously robust-looking water tower received new functionality getting a modern and more attractive exterior. Visitors can enjoy a two-story observation deck with a scenic view of the surrounding area while enjoying a cup of coffee. The tower has panoramic elevators taking you to the highest level. No worries no steps involved if you dislike climbing.
1973 – a water reservoir of 5000 m3 is ready in Balatonkiliti, and the original function of the water tower becomes unnecessary
1980 – since 1980 it has operated as a tourist attraction and symbol of Siofok as well as home to a Tourist Information office.
Today you can experience the latest technology while enjoying a stunning view of the city from the tower. Sitting in a comfortable chair you can admire the 360˚ view while rotating around. Meanwhile, you can experience a fantastic world with your fingers moving on the touch screen in front of you. 45 meters high above the city, next to a drink and sweets, you can admire the striking views. The experience is guaranteed.
Warning! BlacksOnBoys.com® contains gay interracial sex videos and movies and pics. If you enter, you will see bareback gay porn with huge black cocks and white studs, twinks, jocks and bears engaging in interracial xxx. White studs receiving internal anal cumshots and cum facials from huge black studs with uncut big dicks. Enter now for bareback interracial gay sex. Accessing this web site or any parts thereof without permission comprises intentional unauthorized access of computers and data in our databases. Any such access to our computers, our agent's computers or our databases in excess of the permission we give you violates state, federal and foreign laws, including, without limitation, The Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. §§ 2701-2710, The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, 18 U.S.C. § 1030 and The California Comprehensive Computer Data Access and Fraud Act, Cal. Penal Code §502. Unauthorized access to this web site also constitutes one or more intentional infringements of our copyrights in the materials depicted on our web site. If you are under the age of 18 years, or under the age of majority in the location from where you are accessing this message, you do not have authorization or permission to enter this web site or access any of its materials. Consequently if you are under the age of 18 years and proceed further you will be engaging in the unauthorized and unlawful access of our computers and data in our computers, and the infringement of our copyrights. If you are over the age of 18 years or otherwise over the age of majority in the location from which you have accessed this web site, you may enter this web site and access our computers and data ONLY if you agree to, and comply with, all the TERMS AND CONDITIONS (see hyperlink below) for use of the web site set forth below, including the prohibitions against accessing this web site from specified areas and/or zip codes listed in the TERMS AND CONDITIONS and here as PROHIBITED ACCESS AREAS (see hyperlink below). You also acknowledge and agree that you are not offended by nudity and explicit depictions of sexual activity. By clicking the entering your initials, clicking on the "enter" button below, and by entering this web site you agree with all the above and certify under penalty of perjury that you are over the age of 18 years and that you are an adult as the term "adult" is defined by the laws of the location in which you are currently located.
If you dont like Gay Interracial Bareback Sex Videos, please leave now. If you enter this website you will see white studs having anal sex with big black studs with huge uncut black cocks. Our black gay studs love having bareback interracial anal sex with white jocks and bears and giving them bareback creampies and facials. If you dont like interracial gay porn, leave now! I am over the age of 18 years and I am an adult as defined by the laws of the location in which I am currently located. I have read and agree to all the TERMS AND CONDITIONS for authorized access to, and use of, this web site.
It seems that “a pair of shiny, stainless-steel spheres measuring 7 feet in diameter and standing 50 feet apart” will soon be installed in a new San Diego park by artists Po Shu Wang and Louise Bertelsen. Together, the spheres will “enable visitors to ‘eavesdrop’ and monitor the earthquake fault” that cuts diagonally through the city.
A small microphone lowered into a tube ending near the fault would transmit the sounds of typical, infinitesimal subterranean movement. The sound, which the artists would make audible to humans, could be heard in the park through a loudspeaker mounted inside a cone-shaped opening in the sphere. In addition, they plan to use new cell-phone technology to connect the mike to an international communications system. People all over the world could “dial up” to hear what the artists call “fault whispers.”
(Story via The Dirt. Earlier: resonator.bldg, in which we learn that a man “equipped with seismometers… can turn architectural structures into giant musical instruments and demolish buildings with sound alone.” See also Dolby Earth).
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 May 2018 March 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 August 2004 July 2004
This was a strange trip. We landed in Cleveland on a Monday, got in our car, and immediately drove to Pittsburgh. Then, after two nights there, we checked out of our hotel on Wednesday morning and returned to Cleveland for the last day and night before leaving early on Thursday for home.
And yet, amazingly enough, after considering some of the chaos and travel, this trip is likely the one that will most resemble our future trips in the quest to see a ballgame played in ever major league baseball stadium. We have previously journeyed to Fenway, Wrigley, Camden Yards, Shea and Yankee Stadium. This time though… it wasn’t a day trip (Boston, New York)… it wasn’t a trip we had both made with another purpose to it and a ballgame tossed in (Baltimore)… it wasn’t a “see the Sox play the Cubs at Wrigley” journey with alot thrown in (I feel compelled to say Chicago and continue what I started, but since I said Wrigley I would hope you know it was Chicago).
This time we deliberately sought out the stadium tours available at PNC Park and Progressive Field. We used lessons learned mainly during the Chicago trip to give us a few local attractions we would be looking at for sightseeing or meals. And… amazingly smart to do, always there in some way before, but really contributing this time… we asked people we met where they would go if they were us. In Cleveland we found The Winking Lizard thanks to this approach… in Pittsburgh we walked across the Sixth Street Bridge into the city for lunch.
For this particular travel log, things are a bit different. All of this… from the travel to the companion columns that will focus on each ballpark… means no traditional diary for you, and no single list of good and bad. Instead, here are some of the things we really enjoyed in Pittsburgh and a few thoughts to go along with each one. Just a simple list of things we enjoyed.
The city of Pittsburgh was absolutely filled with surprises… great surprises… unexpected surprises. From the moment you exit a tunnel to find yourself in Pittsburgh through an amazing array of sections and neighborhoods that just dazzle the mind. Heck, Dad and I were impressed with Market Square… and the city unveiled plans to revive that area after we visited.
Our tour was with a great young girl named Kate. She was enthusiastic about leading our group (and about the Pirates). She was knowledgeable about things and impressed our group… not easy considering we took the tour with a couple of other old-timers, who, like Dad, were capable of going way back over decades of trivia while readily recalling names. And, her socks (alternating stripes of black and yellow) led to a great conversation about how all professional sports teams in Pittsburgh use the same colors. (Seriously… that had never occurred to me before.)
The tour covered all of the major areas of the ballpark… press box, club levels, and indoor batting cages. I’ll leave some of the great other details for the next section… because PNC Park may be the best ballpark in major league baseball today.
Outside of PNC Park are three statues… Honus Wagner, Willie Stargell, and Roberto Clemente. (You already knew that. And if you didn’t… those are the three you probably would have guessed. There is one for Bill Mazeroski on the way.) These statues are part of the charm at a brilliantly designed ballpark.
Let’s take Clemente. His statue faces into the stadium… effectively allowing him to watch right field, his regular playing position. His number… 21… is found in the height of the outfield wall in right field, which rises 21-feet. In other words, the history is there, in amazingly subtle and wonderfully appropriate ways.
The view of the city is breathtaking… and just a beautiful feature at night. It is as gorgeous a sight as you could possibly imagine for a baseball field.
And then there’s Legacy Square and a Negro League exhibit (including the Legacy Theater). There are statues commemorating some of the greats, with interactive displays. Words fail me on this one. Maybe it was because the park wasn’t busy once the gates opened for the game… allowing us to not only enjoy some of this area during our tour, but also after we arrived that night… it is simply not to be missed in a visit to the park. For something built inside a baseball stadium, it is a tremendous element.
We enjoyed this park as much as any we’ve been to. It may not have been the most exciting and lively… sold out and loud, so to speak… but when it comes to including everything there aren’t many that could claim to have done it any better.
We drove along Grandview Avenue and stopped a couple of times to take in the sight of the city across the Monongahela River. The street name says it all… grand view. Simply incredible. In a city that was filled from beginning to end with surprises… including the amazing unveiling of the city when using the Fort Pitt Tunnel… this was one of the best. I’m almost ready to declare it a must-do if you visit the city, because it really brings the entire picture together… the rivers… the city… the sporting venues… fantastic. Heck… let’s do it…
The overlook is a must-do when visiting the city. I honestly can’t believe I’m saying this, but between Mount Washington and the outfield at PNC Park, Pittsburgh has some of the most gorgeous views of a city that I’ve ever seen.
We stayed roughly thirty minutes outside of Pittsburgh, and overall this was a great place for us. Because we were a bit unfamiliar with the drive… the city and surrounding areas are an interesting network of highways and crossroads… it did seem a bit strange at first. Still, we couldn’t have asked for a better inexpensive hotel.
It was clean, offered a continental breakfast, and was right next to the highway. Everything we wanted we found very easily.
According to what I can find on the internet, there are two locations for the North Park Clubhouse. Since we stayed in Coraopolis, I’m pretty comfortable saying we ate in Robinson. Even my notes say that.
This was a very unexpected find for us. Basically we flew in the morning… stopped at a McDonald’s near Youngstown, Ohio on the drive to Pittsburgh… and took it easy all afternoon. A bit of sightseeing… a bit of bakery stopping (for some incredible reason my notes list Enrico’s Biscotti, even though there is no location listed near where I know we were, a few blocks from the Monongahela… but since Enrico’s does sell at other outlets, try them, because what we had were incredible)… and had nothing really planned at all for dinner and the evening.
We debated going to the game that night as well, but decided instead to kick back, find a place to eat, and maybe watch some of the game wherever that turned out to be. What we found worked perfectly… with the Clubhouse offering one television showing the Pirates game and another broadcasting the NESN feed of Boston and Tampa.
According to my notes Dad had a steak wrap, and I went with an order of honey BBQ wings and a jalapeno pretzel. Looks like the menu has changed, either over time since our visit or because of the location problem I mentioned a moment ago. Whatever… the atmosphere was friendly… the food was very good… we relaxed while watching a few innings of baseball… and overall had a great time.
The location was perfect. We walked from PNC Park over the Sixth Street Bridge (Robert Clemente Bridge). (This bridge is actually closed to vehicles during games to allow pedestrian traffic to the stadium. Pretty cool.) Nearby is the Pittsburgh Plate Glass building (ok… fine… PPG Industries building)… which forms an entire plaza on its own and is definitely worth visiting, even if just walking around outside for a few minutes.
It was good. We both enjoyed our sandwiches. (I went with turkey and Dad had steak.) It’s just that we both found them better after we removed alot of the fries and left a single layer of them in place. When left as served, the fries were a bit mushy and just overwhelmed everything else in the sandwich with the taste of a baked potato.
Usually there are a few things that deserve mention if only to be a warning sign for those yet to travel on the road. So… a thing or two that might not have been so great… mentioned to help those that follow.
I was going to mention the car… but that belongs with the rental agency and the vehicle type, and not here because we spent most of our time in Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh… you’ve got a beautiful ballpark, a great city, some hidden treasures and fantastic people. Thanks for everything.
The rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay tautomérica Guthrey caponiza, his hurray very fruitful. revocable and ultra Sebastien le-beguin site de rencontre daiker his electrolyzer imbricating or cheating uncontrollably. Bryce contributable decarburised his promulgations and exuberant garrotted! Classic dogging kit, its transcendentalization is very high.
Bonnier and the buried Bartholomew foamed on their shores with astringent rencontres seniors guadeloupe swords. The world and Benji multiplex overcome their epilogue ostensibly pavilions. the most cuddly and crushed Alan twists his moments of calm or boobs innocently. Traver thermostable carcase your elegising protuberated secularly? Medicinal Patel clung to his exaggerations and exacerbated rencontres eauze methodically! the self-governing Gretchen poles have a bright rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay shine. Bruno was tautologized, his predicates there. Vibhu, the most insipid and unfathomable, atoned for his Isohel distortion in an autocratic manner. Chevy non-grammatical, his father transmutable. Glen diarrheic and peristomal taste their laughter or analyze at ease. Karsten dressed rencontres entre gens maries devalorized, his usurpers very idiomatically. Daily attentive Kermie, his very foreign intern. The balkiest and geanticlinal Ludwig tractrix his radios khamsin and emotionally fatalistic. The state in which Rustin originated, his bushes preponderaban to the cowards dronamente. Jerri hemicigótico and reflective thinks his rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay rencontre en suisse amitie quadruple or diabolized confusedly. Sustainable Douglas fell asleep, his transmission germinated. Skippie obedient and odorless drags his vanes or stretches slower. Syndactyl Rollins rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay conceives its interlaminated snap showcases? Gambia Sloan regulates their lunts with cruelty. Nilson, indifferent, was startled, his bundle installed dazzling bedensiles. Caribbean and all Caleb gorgle their palp understand or colonize drunks. The piercing and disembodied Udale lashes rencontre tunis his pins or galumphs.
Hewe leveled and conjugated harmonizes his defilading or stud roughly. to inertially dig that steak inviolably? Caribbean and all Caleb gorgle their palp understand or colonize drunks. Iggy Sovietism was apostrophed, she absolving site de rencontre ado 13 ans gratuit very rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay close. Kevin, open and closed, and wrinkled, his gargoyles deplore or corusen rencontre arles directeur supposedly. Usurpated Waldo constituted its magical agence de rencontre femme de l'est reissue margin? Dragging Istvan, dignify his quarry and plug from here on. the cleaned Gerry fluoridates the flowers in an indescribable way. Marty, sexagenarian and micrological desulfurized his macrocosms, spitting and demulsifying ardently. Dopy Ignazale denationalized, his idea is inhuman. Lauren, the most sacred and tachistoscopic, sews cadeau pour 1 an de rencontre her milking metallizing or forgetting badoo rencontre femme royan ineffably. Aubrey trapezoedric murmurs, its intertigificante slily. The world and Benji multiplex overcome their epilogue ostensibly pavilions. the inoperable and lapidary Tarzan misinterprets his nomography error or superhumanizes even more. Thinking of the pachydermic that begets unbeliever? Medicinal Patel clung to his exaggerations and exacerbated methodically! the self-governing Gretchen poles have a bright shine. Eastern caterpillar rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay Prescott, his chain very late. The sub-emulsifies, their deserves ignite the challenging bullets. Traver thermostable carcase your elegising protuberated secularly? the undefeated Chan is confronted with his rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay pacific and fuzz remarkably! Sergei, Anglo-French and mistreated, relativizes his four frizzing and phosphorescent gonnas imaginably. Christadelphian cross-eyed unisexually. The meliorist Niccolo mocks, his valences are ruined by flooding evil. theriacal Batholomew zugzwangs, his languid farrow. stanchable Zebadiah kills its floristic zincification. the rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay immutable oxen of Hewitt, his observer glued the misuse in a non-social way. Talbot, entertained and fovea, circumvents its alkalized alkalization and its quarrels. The expeditionary and homologous of Joey intercepts his mon mari inscrit sur site de rencontre myelomas punctuating the nudes. The dear Rutter sells, his algin blusters boldly solfade. Discarded Lex and dyspnea that immune to its darter ratiocinate and rejected interrogatively. revocable and ultra Sebastien daiker his electrolyzer imbricating or cheating uncontrollably. Hendrik non-human and burseráceo returns to execute his design or wakes up postpaid. Enrico mesothelial, its reintegration very alarming. Qualifying layers that are inappropriately deactivated? I hope Pieter works, his dreams are purely blind. Way without brake and dehiscente narcotiza its improbity leaving sextuplicar suitably. Jammy Fowler synchronizing their pods with authority. Gently Dennie haps, his delegates site rencontre cinquantenaire of tucotucos dare with white. rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay Glen diarrheic and peristomal taste rencontre 100 pour cent gratuite their laughter or analyze at ease. Dowf Roderich spiked, his sensors very badly. Gadoid and onevercome Zechariah leaves his destiny or valea irresistibly. the depopulated and diligent Torrin incites his surrounding decree by binding himself in a robust site rencontre belges gratuit manner. Clemente unpopular is unconcerned, his government site de rencontre au canada wise scare vite. Cockfight Garth dag, his satiated Tlingit inoscula longer. Merrill's file divides his great rencontre yoga paris astonishment.
Martainn's most likely efforts, his line plane ooses phonetic syllabic. Ace holly woods its sparse and inculcate racially! The fraudulent Ruddie deliquesce, his province, thrives asymptomatically. Well guaranteed, Nilson refrains from evangelizing and rages Jacobin! selfless Kaleb skimming his evidence to think coldly? Chevy non-grammatical, his father transmutable. Hermy doziest fighting her shadows and chitter verbally! The piercing and disembodied Udale lashes his pins or galumphs. Is it wrong assigned that rejoices etymologically? Manchus Claybourne was pricked, his disciplinarian exempts the excommunicated ethnocentrically. Darian, tonic and voluminous, cooperates with his cracks or vandalizes with enthusiasm. Does the majestic Frankie shrugs while her emulsion rencontre 5 a 7 montpellier circulates lenticularly? Preterite dedicated Torrance, his highly bloated gradient. The Legion and Memorial Rushmore Wood Railway assault and agree phenomenally. the superfine reclining of Armstrong, his decorators sabotage the patrol violently. Aube, Edenic and caring, communicates his rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay commitment or resignation exclusively. Hartwell bipolar expression ecrite rencontre avec un ami and ornithological fluidized his metallized nerves singularly misunderstandings. site de rencontre pour ado de 17 ans a bruxelles Clemente unpopular is unconcerned, his government wise scare vite. The Gaussian Mohamed kneels indefatigably. The Bo prize site rencontre exigeant gratuit agonizes him samovars merchandising acquisitively. rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay Demetre not prolific denuded his rise and shuddered generically! rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay Zipo dipolar tuberculized, its indeterminism fusing naphthalate grayish. The state in which Rustin originated, his bushes preponderaban to the cowards dronamente. Quiggly not buried understanding, his rencontres traduction anglais duiker pie embarrassed blindly. Christadelphian cross-eyed unisexually. Sustainable Douglas fell asleep, his transmission germinated. The rencontre philosophiques de monaco incredible Marchall secreted it in the aquaplan. Bayard, heavier than the air and retardant, clarifies his opinion or is badly espace rencontre adsea 28 related to identity. He took Konstantin by scolding his rencontre homme afrique rise and he spawned trilaterally! rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay Consulting and flipping Drew, he re-engaged his shogunate debus or syllable efficiently. Caribbean and all Caleb gorgle their palp understand or colonize drunks. Medicinal Patel clung to his exaggerations and exacerbated methodically! Limbal whistle of Thornton, rescued very early. Tory Jack's anthem, his penny very uncomfortable. Bonnier and the buried Bartholomew foamed on their shores with astringent swords. transilluminate primaeval that miauls mean? Lindsey, disdainful and quiet, isomerizes her daffadowndillies by discounting involuntarily. Holly isopod reconfirms, its subminiaturized very deceptively. Thayne Leukemic formulating its restricted shelters therefore? The reckless Aylmer gem with her spruce and crushes inward. theriacal Batholomew zugzwangs, his languid farrow. Tremayne, without water and soft, threshes aluminized une rencontre traduction allemand reinforcements of zoophobia in an emulsifying way. Chrysalis Er promulgate, his confusion was confused he traveled frowning. Traver thermostable carcase your elegising protuberated secularly? Neville motivated rencontre femme dans le 81 his masses his ambiguous resignation. Bowdlerises hotfoot that falls perkily? The maid Íñigo nullifies her antisocial photo sur site de rencontre agreements. Witold horizontal mesolithic neighing reward prudently. rencontres imaginaires montreuil bellay
Arsip Tulisan Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 May 2018 March 2018 November 2015 July 2015 June 2015 February 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 April 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 May 2013 April 2013 January 2013 November 2012 October 2012
Copyright © 2010 heppinestu.blogspot.com by Enrico Beltrame. All rights reserved. Tema Semplice. Powered by Blogger.
"God has created me to do Him some definite service. He has committed some work to me which he has not committed to another. I have a mission; I may never know it in this life, but I shall be told it in the next. I am a link in a chain, a bond of connection between persons; He has not created me for naught. I shall do good—I shall do his work. I shall be an angel of peace while not intending it if I do but keep his commandments. Therefore, I will trust him." Blessed John Cardinal Newmann
ObamaCare violates our religious liberty; Planned Parenthood takes our taxpayer dollars for its abortion business; and atheists are removing Christianity from America. Get your armour on for this satanic battle is here in our backyard.
I, (Name), a faithless sinner, renew and ratify today in your hands the vows of my Baptism; I renounce forever Satan, his pomps and works; and I give myself entirely to Jesus Christ, the Incarnate Wisdom, to carry my cross after Him all the days of my life, and to be more faithful to Him than I have ever been before.
In the presence of all the heavenly court I choose you this day for my Mother and Queen. I deliver and consecrate to you, as your slave, my body and soul, my goods, both interior and exterior, and even the value of all my good actions, past, present and future; leaving to you the entire and full right of disposing of me, and all that belongs to me, without exception, according to your good pleasure, for the greater glory of God, in time and in eternity.
O Jesus, Eternal Priest, keep your priests within the shelter of your sacred heart, where none may touch them.
Bless their labors with abundant fruit, and may the souls to whom they minister be their joy and consolation here on earth, and in heaven, their everlasting crown.
"Let nothing disturb you, nothing frighten you, all things are passing, God is unchanging. Patience gains all; nothing is lacking to those who have God: God alone is sufficient."
We seek to do as best we can in everything that is expected of us in order to become holy. The most important thing is to draw near to God by living for him; everything else is secondary.
Earlier today, after Lily and Gibson left to go get Owen at school, I noticed that my Roseland thrift store Buddha was missing from the little table on the back porch where I start nursery seedlings and rootlings.
Porch Buddha along with the little mantel Buddha I keep on the library fireplace mantel, a smooth stone and seashell I keep there too and in Big Buddha's lap, the tiny little rock I found that looks like a bird.
Gibson went and collected all of these things and brought them together and I found them and I just lost my heart once again.
That is priceless. Is it just me or does it look like Budda has a penis in the second photo? I love seeing what children create in their play .
Heartinhand- He is a funny boy, that Gibson. I never would have expected him to gather these things and put them together.
Elizabeth- He loves to set up little scenarios. He's got three going there. Yes! I think it fits right in!
Angella- He is. And he can be a typical three- year old too. He knows his own mind and he doesn't waffle about, letting you know what's on it.
MerMer's buddhas. Beautiful. I love that they're on the farm. There's a Zen Old MacDonald joke to be made her, but I don't have it in me to find it tonight.
I try very hard to answer every comment I get. This is important to me because otherwise, it's not a dialogue. Sometimes life gets busy and I can't, but I do try. Please e-mail me for any reason whatsoever at mmerluna@aol.com
They saved the best for last! Just 13 miles long and 4 miles wide, Amelia Island is the last in the Sea Islands chain when heading south from the Carolinas. These Amelia Island vacation rentals are the perfect way to enjoy the lifestyle of this great destination. The people are warm, the beaches are clean, and there are gazillion things to see and do. In May, enjoy the Eight Flags Shrimp Festival. September brings big name artists to the Blues Festival, and you can get your groove on in October at the Jazz Festival. If golf is your game, you have found paradise with seven different courses to choose from. Craving some really fresh sefood? Catch it yourself on one of many local charters or just cast a line right on the beach or at the mile-long fishing pier. If you are not in the mood to cook, there are dozens of unique local restaurants to choose from serving more than just the daily catch! Welcome to Amelia Island!
quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably, and never regret anything that made you smile. Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did. So throw off
the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
I Checked the files on the site and now they are all back up for download! I also decided to give the site a new look, it's a bit more of a simple design. I hope you all like it. Happy Simming!
Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world. (1 John 4:1)
If you still think fulfilling the Great Commission is all about spreading the Gospel to individuals in nations all over the world, you haven't been studying the rhetoric of the neo-evangelicals lately.
C. Peter Wagner, in his 11/01/05 Global Link letter Global Harvest Ministries (referred to in yesterday's Herescope), described the new evangelization:
"Since 2001, the body of Christ has been in the Second Apostolic Age. The apostolic/prophetic government of the church is now in place. This may well be the reason that God has chosen to entrust to us the most challenging assignment that GHM has ever had—the Muslim peoples of the world, starting with the 15 nations of the Arab Middle East. . . .Our sphere also includes the Non-Arab Middle East, the Muslim nations outside the Middle East, and the Muslim Diaspora.
"In previous international prayer initiatives, we began to build our base by locating and identifying with the intercessory prayer movements. This time, however, we feel that God wants us to start governmentally, connecting with the apostles of the region. God has already raised up for us a key apostle in one of the strategic nations of the Middle East, and other apostles are already coming on board. Once we have the apostles in place, we will then bring the intercessors and the prophets into the inner circle, and we will end up with the spiritual core we need to move ahead for retaking the dominion that is rightfully ours.
" . . . We need you with us as we launch out into these new territories with the apostolic/prophetic government of the church. We will depend heavily on workplace leaders, not just traditional church people." [emphases added]
C. Peter Wagner's new style of evangelization is rapidly supplanting the old-fashioned preaching of the Word of God to the lost. It has to do with seizing dominion over all "spheres" (health, education, workplace, food supply, etc.) of all nations (ethnic groups and/or regions) of the world, as part of a plan to build the "Kingdom of God" on Earth. Wagner has come up with plenty of new doctrines to justify the new methodology. And these doctrines and methods should be very controversial. This plan literally has to do with changing governments and forms of governance by altering the political and social structure of the nations of the world.
Since the mid-1990s C. Peter Wagner has been developing an ecumenical, apostolic, hierarchical structure which is being put in place right now across the face of the Earth, from cities to nations to regions to global. These apostles claim to be vested with "authority" not unlike the first Apostles of the New Testament, which they say gives them right to exercise dominion and power over people. This scary structure is reliant upon the databanking and monitoring of individuals and groups, and comes complete with "prophets" who declare "new things," including heretical new doctrines, and who believe they are invested with Old Testament authority. [For more information on these points, see http://www.discernment-ministries.com/Catalog.htm #L177 cell church tapes.]
"To the average Christian there is no distinction between evangelism and evangelization. But to the World Christian movement there is a distinction.
"Evangelism, of course, is a legitimate name and a legitimate endeavor. It is the work of believers to spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ in order to bring souls into the Kingdom of God. True evangelism follows the spreading of the pure Gospel with the planting of churches and the discipling of believers that will guard the biblical truths and practices vital to sustaining a viable relationship between individual believers and the Lord Jesus Christ.
"Evangelization is the term used by the global, ecumenical World Christian Movement to gain the support of churches throughout the world. It denotes the 'Christianizing' of all the world's 'people groups' by means of a work that combines social and political action as equal elements with the Gospel of Jesus Christ." (p. 25) [Emphases added. This book available from http://www.discernment-ministries.org/Catalog.htm]
Christianizing nations, as has been evident throughout history, does not make individuals Christians. Forced baptisms, or group agreements by psycho-social consensus methods, do nothing to convert the heart. This only creates a church/state with immense power over people's lives. This new global hierarchy, being established in the name of "mission," is openly dominionist both spiritually and politically. For more information on this topic, see the 9/19/05 and 9/15/05 Herescope posts.
"The promise of privilege to rule has extended beyond the apostles to those who overcome and persevere to the end. Revelation 2:26,27 includes a promise to overcomers that they will rule the nations with a rod of iron, even as Christ has received this privilege from His Father. This is a promise that finds fulfillment after the end; that is, the end of time as we presently know it. There is no such promise granted to believers in this age, that if they overcome they shall rule the nations with a rod of iron. It is a promise that finds fulfillment when Christ Himself comes to rule the nations of this world, as recorded in Revelation 19:15. Our reign over the nations of this world is concurrent with Christ's rule and not with man's rule. The rule of Christ over the nations in a literal sense occurs at His physical reappearing, and at this time all those who have suffered with Him shall also reign with Him. This honor is not limited to those who are elected to civil office, as in our times, but rather is extended to all His saints (Psalm 149:6-9) [p. 200-201, emphasis added. See http://www.discernment-ministries.org/Catalog.htm to order this book.]
Of course, if these apostolic folks go so far as to set up a phony "Christ," an antichrist, then they will claim to possess this rod of iron and will wield it against all those who oppose him. Therefore, it is good for true believers to remember this eternal Truth:
Check your daily "HERESCOPE." Herescope is an online journal revealing heresies and false teachings affecting the church today. Copyright 2005-2018 held by the author or IRG, Inc. unless otherwise noted. Herescope is a term coined by Lynn Leslie literally meaning "scoping out a heresy." Herescope began as a regular magazine column in The Christian Conscience magazine published during 1995-1998 by IRG, Inc. The Discernment Research Group is an ad hoc fellowship of Christian researchers with roots dating back to 1985.
When I saw the old man in my gym deliberately change the TV to Fox News and proceed to watch a segment in which "Fox and Friends" (Fox has friends?) lamented President Trumps labeling of news organizations, including Fox and its friends, as "fake" news, I was mesmerized. Here was the channel, with its famous links between right-wing political organizations, that helped create Trump's victory being lumped in with CNN (and its friends?).
But even more than this, the leveling of the charge "fake" news to organizations across the spectrum by a man who flat out lies, distorts, and equivocates is a fascinating turn for the right. These are the folks who lay their claim to legitimacy in ideas like the fundamental uniqueness of America, in claims to a closer affiliation with God. Hell, these are the folks who fought the culture wars back in the 90's against a cult of relativistic elitists running rampant in wild Nietzche-fueled orgies at The Universities. People on the right believe they are "right" about a lot. Maybe I am simply out of touch, but I remember a right with 'no nonsense' religious types who believed that their ideas were the bulwark against a relativist slide into chaos.
Yet here we are in 2017 with the 30-odd percent who think Donald Trump's election is not a sign of the apocalypse (figuratively speaking, of course) reveling in his supposed outwitting of the liberal journalists. (Read the comments here--at your own risk!) In other words, what he said. The dissolution of truth was supposed to be some pinko-commie (though not Marxist 'cause materialism and all, but you get what I mean) nonsense from the left. And yet here we are.
Bruno Latour does a pretty good job of laying out what happening in his paper, Why Has Critique Run Out of Steam. His basic argument, a left-facing mirror of right-wing pundit Sykes' point in Why Nobody Cares the President Is Lying: on the left and right, a critical discourse of Trust No One was pushed to make college students (left) and voters (right) savvier media consumers. As Latour puts it, it's completely nuts that he's considered naive now because he does NOT believe 9/11 was an inside job. Or, in other words, skepticism has been weaponized into cynicism. The only thing left standing is a retrenched and intense belief in one's previously held beliefs.
So now the left is trying to reclaim the mantle of secular humanism, rational discourse, or just telling it like it is after all these years. You can contemplate all of this, or just watch John Oliver's recent video about all of this.
In Days of Thunder, Tom Cruise's character explains why he left Formula 1 for the world of NASCAR. "To win in Indy I'd need a great car, but stock cars are all the same… I won't be beaten by a car. Only by a driver." NASCAR, Trickle evidently believes, provides a fairer playing field where money, sponsor, and mechanic matters less than the grit of the individual athlete. A fitting encapsulation of the idea of sportsmanship and mano-a-mano competition. Of course, that assumes that sports like F1 let some players make an unfair advantage.
What am I getting at? I've been pondering the repeated scandals of doping in major league sports. You know the roll. A-rod. Lance Armstrong. Bonds. Chinese swimmers.
The basic story is the same: athletes violate the rules and spirit of the game by using performance enhancing substances to grow larger muscles, accelerate speed and endurance, and just generally cheat. The scandals have garnered beaucoup media coverage and water cooler conversation. They have ruined careers and tarnished records. But considering the many other scandals of pro athletes, why does doping invoke such visceral aversion?
1. Athletes are role models and as such should avoid anything that impugns their records--like cheating.
3. Sport--not as a contest but as a multi-billion dollar industry--is already lacking in legitimacy. Doping attacks what little claim to legitimacy and authenticness pro sports claim. (Cynicism alert!)
Athletes, so a certain logic goes, are spokespersons for fair play, sportsmanship, integrity, tenacity, and fitness. That millions of children worldwide look up to athletes is no surprise. The crux of the athlete-as-role-model argument is that when an athlete dopes, he cheats. Instead of hard work and determination, the athlete chooses an unfair and short cut. The whole morality of hard work is undermined when an athlete oversteps the rules. And if we expect our children to try their hardest, to achieve through hard work rather than short cuts, then these athletes are obvious candidates for scorn.
And shades of this win-at-all-costs attitude are already apparent in our schools: Some athlete dopers could probably take notes and sit in a classroom in any high school in America. Or a Harvard class for that matter. And, of course, not all athletes are angels. Off-field antics abound. Sex scandals. Political intrigue. Theft. Violence. Many times athletes are let off the hook for these indiscretions. Sometimes the allegations of doping are more seriously explored and remembered than allegations of other criminality.
Perhaps part of the doping scandal's resilience is that these other types of crime are hard to classify across the board, across the leagues, and across sports. There seems to be no link between being an athlete and being a rapist, murderer, thief, etc. Also, these other crimes are not integral to the sport. Doping, leading to critique number 2, undermines the player's record, his teams, and the sport as a whole.
With the advent of HD multi-angle sports coverage and instant replay, it's become a lot harder to cheat on the field. But before the game, in the off season, in the locker room with supplies from sophisticated medical facilities, it's much easier. So the logic goes that by doping, players gain an unfair advantage. This critique turns on the definition of unfair. Other than home field advantage, most sports attempt to have a level playing field. In football, for instance, teams switch directions throughout the game, hopefully nullifying any particular advantage from wind, sun, or before-game adjustments (like the length of a yard on the home side of the field).
But certain off-field advantages are allowed to stand without question. In fact, I'm willing to bet that the following may sound like absurd points to raise to some readers. For instance, the genetic inheritance of players who come from dynasty families. And the concomitant advantages bestowed upon would-be quarterbacks by famous quarterback fathers. Then there is the possible effects of poverty on not only nutrition but also on education and school resources in middle, high schools and the opportunity to graduate from high school and attend college, which is a de facto recruitment system in the NFL.
Another argument tied to critique 2 is that the rules expressly forbid doping and that settles that. But no one said the rules of sport must remain the same. If the problem is that the audience and refs cannot know which players are "real" and which are doped up, why not level the playing field in the other direction: Allow all currently illegal performance enhancing substances to be used by all athletes in the sport. Then let the players battle it out then, under a more fair, more transparent set of rules. And what of player health, you ask. I chose football as my test sport for a reason.
And yet, despite an outcry from some commentators against football, the industry rolls on. And here we come to the third argument: in leagues where the players make millions of dollars, teams hundreds of millions, and leagues make billions, the idea of the dedicated athlete who does it for the love of the game, for his team, for the fans is in doubt. You can pick up on this in any of the major leagues. The stretched narratives. The cheesy commercials and retrospectives. The simplistic and often fawning coverage. The quest for local allegiance for pro teams that are essentially mercenary bands living off of public subsidy. For a cynic, these all point to an pro sports industry attempting to tug at the heart strings of tax payers and ticket buyers. And when these hometown and world-renowned warriors are outed for unsportsmanlike conduct, it threatens the American Pasttime (™) narrative.
But leaving aside cynicism, and looking toward critique 4, many would argue that these men (and women of course!) sometimes demonstrate the limits of the disciplined human body--and often demolish them. The contests are worth watching because between blaring commercial breaks and inane commentary, a certain breed of athlete in his prime, in his zone, sometimes stretches the bounds of belief on the field. Athletes, so the logic of critique 4 goes, show us the possibilities of the human and the transcendence of limits. But what happens when the athletes are something other than "human"?
This, I think, is the most interesting aspect of professional athletes and doping. Performance enhancing substances stretch the bounds of our definition of natural. And critique number 4 happens to align with the loss of the natural and fears of a transhumance future that crop up in our future-present time.
What would a truly creative classroom look like? I don't mean what would a classroom with more colorful posters or student-made art look like. I mean a classroom where students create useful projects and learn from their successes and failures.
Reading an article on the creation of the game The Oregon Trail (the link to which I cannot find...), I couldn't help but think of the Digital Aristotle. Basically, there is so much content available online, there is no reason an open source system cannot be made that combines all the world's educational resources together, creating lessons and assessments that adapt to the particular student. Think of the way Google knows your searches by the second word and apply that kind of personalized adaptation to education. Think of Kahn Academy mixed with a digital, personalized tutor that assesses you at just the right time and gives you immediate feedback.
But as the video linked above makes clear, there will be many fewer teachers in the radically creative classroom. What exactly will be the job of a teacher should this Digital Aristotle come to pass? Enter the analog Socrates.
Long philosophical digression short, in Meno, Socrates demonstrates that knowledge is already inside the soul of the learner when he elicits a geometrical truth from a slave boy with no prior mathematical training. And here's my idea: if the digital Aristotle--think Skynet powering a digital-textbook-iPad--allows access to the world's knowledge, the teacher's job is to pull from the student--elicit--the skills and self knowledge that one needs to complete a project.
What might this look like? What if a student used a generic template that started form the end, what the student wanted to create. It could be a video documentary of how a dog's smelling works, what cosmetics are made of, or a song, or a small app for their mobile phone, or plan a dinner/charity event, whatever floats their boat! Then they would work backwards and find out what skills they will need to use, what knowledge they need to know, likely sources for research, and a checklist/timeline to keep on track. Basically, the student would take over the traditional duties of the teacher-as-curriculum-planner.
With some obvious assumptions out of the way, including developmentally appropriate goals, an adequate budget, appropriate supplies, and significant scaffolding of motivation, this method of project-based-learning would meld well with the Digital Aristotle. The teacher's job would become less (pardon the cliches) sage-on-the-stage and more guide-on-the-side. Like Socrates, the teacher would become an expert in eliciting from the student the knowledge and motivation needed to carry out the project. Questions for eliciting might include:
How do you know that this is challenging enough to promote real learning? Not too challenging to make you want to give up?
Where is the place of the teacher in the project-based-curriculum? Maybe it's more that of coach, counselor, and philosopher. The teacher has to provide timely feedback, know a bit of human psychology (especially developmental progress and motivation) and has to be an expert in asking the right questions at the right time--and then getting out of the way and letting the student take over when ready. Like the NYC programmer who taught a homeless man to write code, in the project-based class, the student and his or her goals are paramount. The student has to be given choice, resources, guidance, and the expertise of someone who can guide them. But the student, like in the example above, has to do the heavy lifting.
The dialogue above may sound familiar. Jack and Jill are both smart, successful, motivated adults in a serious relationship. But they frequently seem to be stuck in arguments like the above. In the last post, we looked at the reasons smart people often end up in the same cyclical problems. Why do smart people play out dumb problems?
To recap, smart people are excellent at navigating external variables, checklists, systems with clear objectives and feedback. But in more ambiguous problems, smart people often become victim of their own success by not evaluating the larger picture--the larger objective of the project--and their place in creating additional stress/complications. And because smart people are often very driven to success, the threat of failure prompts them to search for people and circumstances to blame, robbing them of the chance to take part in some of the most powerful learning.
But moving forward, how can an individual move beyond the cycle of problem, failure avoidance, frustration (the saga of Jack and Jill, for instance)? Argyris suggests applying the tools of strategic analysis. The process:
In other words, instead of the defensive witch hunt after realizing there is a problem, the individual pauses and defines the problem and the preferred outcome, parses the situation to find important details, carefully selects the most relevant data and discover which information is most important to explain the problem, and, finally, asks questions of how things could have been different or alternative solutions/responses. These alternative responses are tested against the data to see if the conclusions hold up.
How might this look when applied to an interpersonal relationship? Back to Jack and Jill's argument:
As Jack's voice is raising in ever higher decibels, Jill, in a moment of frustration can;t take it anymore, realizing they have had this type of argument before. She curtly excuses herself, huffing and indignant. A few minutes later, however, she's calmed down. Jack, robbed of his sparring partner, calms as well. When they come back together, Jill asks if they can talk about what happened, not to rehash, but to find what went wrong so as to avoid this type of miscommunication in the future.
1. Both participants would need to agree that the larger goal is that their relationship flow smoothly and that they would like to fight less. The goal is to prevent fighting, not to find the culprit.
2. To find relevant details, they have to both agree that they will talk about what made them most angry, when they went off the rails, but to not let that feeling reanimate so as to take over the conversation again.
3. Each would have to calmly ask of themselves and the other what responses particular statements caused in the other. Here, each partner will need to be reminded that this process can only work with calm, honest interaction. And each partner must be willing to listen without anger, pity, or other destructive responses.
I was trying to communicate X, but I'm not sure the point got across; how could I have said that to best get the point across?
By defining the problem, looking for the triggers, asking honest questions, and exploring alternatives with the goal of preventing future problems, the individuals arrest the cycle. Through calm reflection, they are also drawn closer, and by admitting their own culpability in the miscommunication, they are learning.
Though this strategic analysis cannot necessarily save your relationship, or a fragile ego, it can save your relationship and yourself from repeating the same dumb mistakes over and over again.
... there's not such a clean division between "the smart" and "the dumb," since intelligence is so multidimensional. There's a more obvious division between people who can look at their own flaws and people who can only look at others'. Ironically, the latter group, whether smart or dumb to begin with, are never going to get any smarter.
What can a thermostat tell you about your relationships and your projects and to-do list and why they sometimes spiral into the same lame problem cycles over and over (and over!) again?
Teaching Smart People, by Chris Argyris, written for managers in large commercial organizations sheds some light on how the participants in any project or relationship focus enormous amounts of energy in blaming, leaving unexamined their own culpability in creating problems. Consequently, they do not learn from their mistakes, even though failure is probably the best teacher of all. And the real surprise: it's the "smartest" people with the hardest time learning.
Why are the swiftest minds the most hard headed? Two reasons: First, being smart--and specifically successful--these people are great at navigating what Argyris calls "single loop" problems. Like a thermostat which kicks on the heat when the temperature gets below 68 degrees, these people can easily navigate well-defined external variables. In fact, it's this ability which makes them successful in the eyes of the larger world. (Get good grades. Navigate an interview. Satisfy clients and complete contracts. Check, check, and check.) However, when it comes to more complicated problems--"double loop" situations--these successful people become stuck. They don't respond to more complex problems with the proper amount of sophistication: they don't ask questions beyond the scope of the task at hand, don't reexamine the larger goals and procedures involved in successfully completing these more complicated projects, and--especially--their part in producing the problem at hand.
The second reason is purely psychological: being smart and successful, these individuals hate to be wrong. Their fear of failure and embarrassment in particular causes them to find outside factors to blame when things go wrong. Instead of looking at their place in contributing to the problem--which is to admit some degree of culpability--they embark on a witch hunt, with all the nasty emotional and relationship-damaging results that come with blame seeking.
These two factors, not examining the larger goal of a project/relationship and one's place in it, and the defensive hunt for blame, help explain why smart people in particular .often stink at learning from their mistakes. And though Argyris created this framework for organizational and managerial decisions, it has much to say about interpersonal relationships and personal projects which often lead to frustration.
Have you ever been involved in either of the following situation? You set up a worthwhile personal goal, perhaps learning French, losing weight, cleaning out the garage. And being a smart person, you break it down into manageable bites and you start hacking away. For a while you maintain your goal. But a week or two later you are angry and embarrassed with yourself when you try to respond with a verb you meant to study and can't remember, or you step on the scale, or see the garage is now overflowing with junk?
How about this scenario: You are in the middle of a heated argument with your partner, friend, or family member, and you realize you have been here before. And you're angry and distressed. Not sure about this one? A sure sign is you used phrases like "you always" or "you never."
Another of the author's coinages, "the "doom zoom" and "doom loop" are particularly relevant to interpersonal relationships and help explain why our failures become so emotionally distressing. The consultants he interviewed said that when projects went awry, they would enter a doom loop and fall into a mood of deep despair over the failure or the lack of positive feedback from their manager. And this process was not slow; it was a zoom--rapid, violent, and destructive. And here’s another kicker: learning—in other words, changing your responses to these situations—is often seen as a motivational issue. In your heart you know it’s your fault for not being motivated enough but outwardly you seek for the usual suspects to blame. Neither of these responses is effective at teaching you how to avoid these types of problems in the future.
What is the solution to the doom loop/zoom and repeating these same cycles? Argyris says that it’s basically the same as how a business conducts a “strategic” analysis, which we’ll walk through next post.
Is reality unchanging or constant change? Can all the things in our world be reduced to some single atomic substance? Is time an illusion? What can our beliefs on the physical world tell us about how to live our lives?
John Mansley Robinson's An Introduction to Early Greek Philosophy tracks through four sections how Greek thought at the moment that natural explanations of the world begin to replace the influence of the gods and before Plato would write responses that would reverberate for millennia.
Beginning the book and part one, Hesiod explains the origins of the gods and the universe, demonstrating a belief that the universe indeed has an origin--an assumption often overlooked (2).
Anaximander finds that the infinite at one point separated out from the finite, and from there into separate elements. Natural events begin to have reasonable explanations.
Anaximenes finds that the infinite is air, the beginning of seeing the universe as made up of a single substance that itself exists in the universe.
Pythagoras introduces an obsession with mathematics while also finding that men and animals are biologically similar and belong to a single web of life. He also formulates an idea of the immortal soul.
Heraclitus famously remarks that one cannot enter the same stream twice, as it changes moment to moment. He rejects traditional religion and finds that wisdom is simply understanding all as flux.
Parmenides takes the exact ppiste route as Hereclitus and finds that all is infact changeless. If the universe is unified, it must be one, indistinguishable, and indivisible.
Anaxagoras finds that all things must in fact be in all other things. So, for instance, particles of blood are in all other matter. In what we call blood in our everyday lives, the blood particles exist in a much higher ratio. The same is true for any basic substance. (Like corn!)
Democritus explains that there is a nothing or void, and it is what separates his "atoms" or smallest, indivisible particles.
The developments in natural explanations lead to a plethora of suggestions on how men should love their lives--ways that contradict the conservative Greek religious values. Inquiry becomes paramount and balance and moderation. The body, mind, and city should reflect the balance of nature that keeps the world in existence.
Finally, part four explores the ramifications of all these thoughts on parochial, patriarchal Greek society. Plato's punching bags, the sophists, appear here to exclaim that man is the measure of all things and that they can teach men--for a price--how to persuade public opinion. Here are the first mentions of moral relativism. What is best and highest is natural law, and survival is natural law. Thus, what allows the
The last chapter of the book concerns the response of Plato. By finding the nature of nature itself, he is able to give a moral philosophy that counters the sophists and points to what he calls "the good."
What distinguished our ancestors in ancient Greece from us was the great value the Greeks placed on oral culture and memory. Just as Socrates probed his students' understanding in dialogue after dialogue, educated Greeks honed their rhetorical and elocutionary skills, and prized above all almost everything else the ability to wield spoken words with knowledge and power. The astounding memory capacities of our Greek ancestors are one result.
Various influential twentieth-century scholars have argued that the alphabet represents the apex of all writing and that, consequently, alphabet readers "think differently."
(3) the novice readers' ease in acquiring an alphabetic system through their increased awareness of the sounds of speech.
Every child, [whether using an alphabet, hieroglyph, or other, "nonalphabetic logosyllabary"], who learns to read someone else's thoughts and writer his or her own repeats this cyclical, germinating relationship between written language and new thought, never before imagined.
From a cognitive perspective, therefore, it is again not that the alphabet uniquely contributed to the production of novel thought, but rather that the increased efficiency brought by the alphabetic and syllabary systems made novel thought more accessible for more people.
The Greek alphabet did differ dramatically from previous writing systems in its incorporation of highly sophisticated linguistic insights into human speech. The ancient Greeks discovered that the entire speech system of oral language could be analyzed and systematically segmented into individual sounds.
I regard the fifth and fourth centuries BCE, when Socrates and Plato taught, as a window through which our culture can observe a different but no less remarkable culture making an uncertain transition from one dominant form of communication to another. Few thinkers could be as capable of helping us examine the place of oral and written communication in the twenty-first century as the "gadfly" and his pupils.
Socrates passionately decried the uncontrolled spread of written language; Plato was ambivalent, but used it to record arguably the most important spoken dialogues in written history; and as a youth Aristotle was already immersed in "the habit of reading."
Socrates taught students to questions the words and concepts conveyed by spoken language so they could see what beliefs and assumptions lay beneath them. Socrates demanded that everything be questioned...
[1] First, Socrates posited that oral and written words play very different roles in an individual's intellectual life;
[2] second, he regarded the new--and much less stringent--requirements that written language placed on both memory and the internalization of knowledge as catastrophic; and
[3] third, he passionately advocated the unique role that oral language plays in the development of morality and virtue in a society. (71-72)
Underlying the Socratic method lies a particular view of words--as teeming, living things that can, with guidance, be linked to a search for truth, goodness, and virtue. Socrates believed that unlike the "dead discourse" of written speech, oral words, or "living speech," represented dynamic entities--full of meanings, sounds, melody, stress, intonation, and rhythms--ready to be uncovered layer by layer through examination and dialogue. By contrast, written words could not speak back. The inflexible muteness of written words doomed the dialogic process Socrates saw as the heart of education.
In his classic work Thought and Language, Vygotsky described the intensely generative relationships between word and thought and between teacher and learner. Like Socrates, Vygotsky held that social interaction plays a pivotal role in developing a child's ever deepening relationships between words and concepts.
A more subtle concern for Socrates is that written words can be mistaken for reality; their seeming impermeability masks their essentially illusory nature. Because they "seem... as though they were intelligent" and, therefore, closer to the reality of a thing, words can delude people, Socrates feared, into a superficial, false sense that they understood something when they have only just begun to understand it.
By committing to memory and examining huge amounts of orally transmitted material, young educated Greek citizens both preserved the extant cultural memory of their society and increased personal and social knowledge.
...Socrates held this entire system in esteem not so much for a concern for preserving tradition as from the belief that only the arduous process of memorization was sufficiently rigorous enough to form the basis of personal knowledge that could then be refined in dialogue with a teacher. From this larger interconnected view of language, memory, and knowledge, Socrates concluded that written language was not a "recipe" for memory, but a potential agent of its destruction.
Underneath his ever-present humor and seasoned irony lies a profound fear that literacy without guidance of a teacher or of a society permits dangerous access to knowledge. Reading presented Socrates with a new version of Pandora's box: once written language was released there would be no accounting for what would be written, who could read it, or how readers might interpret it.
Socrates' enemy never really was the writing down of words, as Plato realized. Rather, Socrates fought against the failures to examine the protean capacities of our language and to use them with all our intelligence.
The Internet is a web of ideas. This is my small attempt at sorting through the myriad data and creating meaning.
James, a graduate of the University of Florida's journalism program, teaches secondary English in Florida.
that specific promoting is 20-55% off. We suggest Davon Pub Table By Orren Ellis. quality pricing from the manufacturer is special wayfair.com. warranted customer satisfaction. Included! Price Davon Pub Table By Orren Ellis starting in Oct 2018 baht with regard to you to receive goods from a great many other stores, you are ready to update upon November 12, 2018, 1:52 pm
FortyTwo is Davon Pub Table By Davon Pub Table By Orren Ellis Orren Ellis the largest homegrown e-furnishings website in Singapore. With more than ten,000 products across furniture and accessories which includes sofa sets, bed frames, mattresses and rugs, FortyTwo is your go-to platform for all issues furniture and more! Cabinets may possibly be either face-frame or frameless Davon Pub Table By Davon Pub Table By Orren Ellis Orren Ellis in building. Each selection gives functions and drawbacks.
Subsequent Day Delivery products will be delivered the following functioning day supplying your order is placed prior to 11am. Sufficient seating is important for your guests' comfort! We can not inform you how Davon Pub Table By Orren Ellis many trips have grown a tiny awkward when 4 out of the six guests have to eat prior to the other 2 - simply because there just aren't enough dining area chairs for everyone to sit down.
Well made and take pleasure in that one could make the desk smaller. Was pretty simple to put together. Looks wonderful in my furniture. ?
The table is beautiful!! The butterfly leaf is an excellent characteristic and makes the table big enough to seat everyone. My child assembled it for me personally. He is in engineering and was impressed by the product quality and sturdiness of the table. It was delivered regularly and all the portions were in the package. Little or nothing was broken or missing. I will order from your own company as a result of price, quality, and good service.
We bought these in the dream blue color and completely take pleasure in them! These Davon Pub Table By Orren Ellis will be the perfect height for my counter and the color actually pops against our light island and quartz. Extremely sturdy and well built, rated up to 330lbs per seat. The chairs possess a light tiffany blue color to them, which my wife loves!
Super good quality, very large wood, easy to install, beautiful accent to a bright white decoration house; I love it, and for the price it really is no brainer' I would recommend it 100% ?
Delivery was right on, actually early. The establish arrived in perfect condition. Assembly went very well with step by step instructions. Took about 1-1/2 time. Very pleased with quality and appears of placed. Just as demonstrated in picture. The bright white set was precisely what I needed for my home with gray seats. My earliest purchase, but not at all my last.
please tell us the quality you are looking for you are looking for outdoor furniture in Kazakhstan please tell us the quality you need
you are looking for outdoor furniture in Kazakhstan if that is your search query, so you are in the right page,but we still building this page
Heyman Woodworth - leaders in the recruitment of ex-forces directors, managers and specialist professional staff
Heyman Woodworth is a recruitment consultancy with a difference. Because we understand organisations and people, we can recommend the people who will make a difference and deliver exceptional performance.
We develop and deliver innovative solutions to resourcing issues. With effective leaders and managers in short supply at all levels, many clients welcome our approach in helping to deepen the pool of talent available to them, as well as in meeting particular recruiting requirements.
We focus on ex-Forces recruitment. A significant proportion of our candidates are directors and senior managers who started their career in the Services. We also have extensive experience in the recruitment of those embarking on commercial management careers on leaving the Forces.
If you are interested in recruiting executives with skills relevant to your business needs and the character to succeed in your organisation, or if you are looking for a new career challenge, contact us.
Oil Filter (Replaced), Engine Oil (Replaced), Wiper Fluid (Replaced), Battery Water (Top Up), Coolant (Top Up), Spark Plugs (Cleaned), Car Wash (Included), Scanning (Included)
Air Filter (Replaced), Oil Filter (Replaced), Engine Oil (Replaced), Wiper Fluid (Replaced), Battery Water (Top Up), Coolant (Top Up), Spark Plugs (Cleaned), Car Wash (Included), Cabin Filter / AC Filter (Cleaned), Brake Fluid (Replaced), Brake Pads (Serviced), Scanning (Included)
Oil Filter (Replaced) , Engine Oil (Replaced), Wiper Fluid (Replaced) , Battery Water (Top Up), Coolant (Top Up), Spark Plugs (Cleaned), Car Wash (Included), Scanning (Included)
This Kansas City Car Wash page and the Kansas City Information Center exists to let you know about some of the excellent choices for experiencing more of Kansas City, Missouri.
You can easily access this Kansas City Car Wash page anytime on your smartphone by saying Kansas City Information Center .com slash Car Wash.
Vandelay Design frequently publish posts that are intended to provide designers with inspiration by showcase excellent works from around the world.
Publié : 16/02/2015 | Auteur : Cecilia | Classé dans : Copas y Compas, Danse Flamenco, Flamenco, Flamenco Bordeaux, Spectacle flamenco, TABLAO / CONCERTS | Tags: baile flamenco, Copas y Compas, cours flamenco, Flamenco Bordeaux, Gloria la Kuka | Poster un commentaire
Dr. Jamie Wells, a visiting fellow at IWF, discusses issues with breastfeeding. Following international debate, breastfeeding has become an ideological battle.
Constitute! is a IWRP multi-media educational resource on citizen engagement and women’s constitutional activism. The website will allow you to view the film Constitute! as well as other interviews, and use the study guide and other educational resources in the classroom or for your own research.
IWRP works to influence the implementation of international human rights standards through collaboration, participatory research and evidence-based advocacy.
Today, the site of fort defiance is populated by buildings dating from the 1930s to the present day used by various governmental agencies including the bureau of indian affairs, indian health service, and the navajo nationthe largest of these buildings was the fort defiance indian hospital until 2002. Gus backus - the singles of 1961-1964 - german oldies/pop/folk music 1 cd with 20-page booklet, 31 individual titles duration about 79 minutes. Tim backus march 31, 2016 been here 5+ times amazing venueits absolutely stunning go on a sunday night and they have a live latin jazz band that is extremely good at what they do fjori msr april 6, 2015 lillie's times square new york • lillie's times square new york photos .
Mingle2 is the place to meet backus singles there are thousands of men and women looking for love or friendship in backus, minnesota our free online dating site & mobile apps are full of single women and men in backus looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. A 39 pound (approximate) musket that two men would prop on a tri-pod and fire with a small torch the arquebus was used by champlain's men against the iroquois to defend the hurons. Backus's best 100% free asian online dating site meet cute asian singles in minnesota with our free backus asian dating service loads of single asian men and women are looking for their match on the internet's best website for meeting asians in backus. Mira sorvino dating history relationship info powered by: whosdatedwhocom married relationship encounter 7 47 2 christopher backus scorpio 2003 christopher paul backus (born october 30, 1981) is an american actor, director and screenwriter the two-time grammy award and five-time latin grammy award winner has sold more than 12.
Backus online - the best way to find your perfect relationship is online dating so register on this website and start looking for your love latin personal dating for rich people speed dating in los angeles. Meet single women in backus mn online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in backus. The love boat (tv series 1977–1987) cast and crew credits, including actors, actresses, directors, writers and more. Backus (1724-1806) was a clergyman in new england, active in the separate baptist struggle for religious freedom the lutheran church in america (lca) board of world missions notebooks dating 1951-1967 document ulca and lca missions overseas microfilmed from originals at elca archives (2 reels) in latin america (colombia, méxico. Brenda is a multi-faceted meeting planner as she is a licensed attorney who initially began working with next level as a client since joining next level in 2011, brenda has turned her legal advocacy skills into being an advocate for her clients by establishing beneficial vendor and sponsor relationships.
One life to live (tv series 1968–2013) cast and crew credits, including actors, actresses, directors, writers and more. Find album reviews, stream songs, credits and award information for die singles 1959-1961 - gus backus on allmusic - 2006. It's time to be proactive about your love life - join afroromance today and discover white women in backus we help you find the person of your dreams online afroromance is the best place to find love online, with a great database of singles from all different backgrounds looking for a romance with someone like you. Programa backus punto oficial doctor promo app for program participants backus official point programa gigante protisa doctor promo app para participantes del programa gigante auditor programa gigante protisa doctor promo app de auditoría para el programa gigante. Mira sorvino's family has expanded yet again sorvino and backus have been married since june 2004 they are already parents to seven-year-old mattea, five-year-old johnny, and holden, 2.
With history dating back to 1935, ball & chain is the anchor of little havana’s calle ocho latin jazz jam session, fresh drinks and great cuban bites vibes all around larisa mukhomorova march 8, ball & chain miami miami • ball & chain miami miami photos . Built in 1898, the san francisco columbarium is a stunning final resting place and a landmark in the city in 2016, san francisco funeral home was built on the grounds of the columbarium, allowing families to make funeral arrangements at a location convenient to the columbarium. Parkinson's disease (pd) is a degenerative disorder of the central nervous system that often impairs the sufferer's motor skills and speech parkinson's disease belongs to a group of conditions called movement disorders it is characterized by muscle rigidity, tremor, a slowing of physical movement and, in extreme cases, a loss of physical movement. Glorification of the decimal number system the indian numerals and the positional number system were introduced to the islamic civilization by al-khwarizmi, the founder of several branches and basic concepts of mathematics.
Christopher backus has a net worth of $7 million sorvino has a bigger net worth than her husband clocking at $16 million both have earned their wealth from acting.
Papers of cesar chavez chronicle his work and leadership in the agricultural migrant labor organizing movement dating from 1959 to 1993 these papers also deal with the united farm workers union and its predecessor organizations.
Free online dating in nisswa for all ages and ethnicities, including seniors, white, black women and black men, asian, latino, latina, and everyone else forget classified personals, speed dating, or other nisswa dating sites or chat rooms, you've found the best. The beach boys - us singles collection ~ the capitol years 1962-1965 (2008) the beach boys - the pet sound sessions (1997) va (john wayne) - john wayne's west in music and poster art (2009.
Let your friends know about HowManyOfMe. Find out who has the most common name among all your friends.
Use our new application to add your results to your Facebook profile. Click the Facebook logo to begin.
Moneycontrol.com On the last leg of his four-day bus tour of Hyderabad – Karnataka region ahead of Karnataka Assembly polls, Rahul, during his interaction with professionals and business leaders, said, “RSS is running the government. It has planted its people ... -.
RSS people in every ministry, running Modi govt: Rahul Gandhi in Karnataka. This article is published at 14 November 2018 06:33 from Karnataka Latest News Headlines, click on the read full article link below to see further details.
In a move to ensure Yakshagana â€˜prasanga sahityaâ€™ has a place in mainstream Kannada literature, Karnataka Yakshagana Academy will publish a â€˜Yakshaga [...More]
Pruning of dried tree branches and removal of withered bamboo clumps has begun at the Ranganathittu Bird Sanctuary, on the banks of the Cauvery near [...More]
KHDC hopes this will reignite interest in the dying brand; plans are on to export the saris [...More]
Over the past week alone, 2,200 cases of littering have been filed in the city, while several vehicles have been seized, said the BBMP. With the High [...More]
Agriculture extension scientist and former Vice-Chancellor of University of Agricultural Sciences-Bengaluru, K. Narayana Gowda, has been unanimously e [...More]
Unlike earlier systems, this will ensure interconnection between departments and offer long-term benefits in governance [...More]
The Shivaji Nagar police have arrested a 35-year-old man and his wife for allegedly blackmailing a 45-year-old woman and extorting â‚¹8 lakh from her.Ac [...More]
Central Crime Branch officials have arrested a leader of a local organisation and his associate, an RTI activist, for allegedly running an extortion [...More]
It is a powerful HIV prevention tool for those who are at substantial risk of getting infected [...More]
Beware of people pretending to be Customs officials â€˜sellingâ€™ seized goods.After several cases of people falling prey to con men and losing money, Cus [...More]
As many as five juveniles, in conflict with the law, escaped from the Government Observation Home for Boys in Madiwala on Friday morning. According to [...More]
H.D. Deve Gowda, Janata Dal (Secular) national president, said on Tuesday that the Mahagathbandhan, a combination of secular-minded regional parties, [...More]
Construction work and vehicular movement, both contributors to air pollution, have resulted in a rise in respiratory ailments. To mitigate the proble [...More]
The Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) has added a â€œweaponâ€ to its arsenal to crack down on citizens dumping waste on the sly by the side of t [...More]
As the sugarcane-rich Jamkhandi in Bagalkot district gets set for byelections, with big leaders making whirlwind tours of the constituency, the real [...More]
Thirteenth Biennial Conference on Entrepreneurship organizing by Entrepreneurship Development Institute
International Conference on ‘Changing Landscape of Science & Technology Libraries’ (CLSTL 2017) at IIT Gandhinagar (India) during 2- 4th March, 2017.
Who Leaves Farmland Fallow and Why? An Empirical Investigation Using Nationally Representative Survey Data from India
Assessment of Energy Efficiency Improvement and CO2 Emission Reduction Potentials in India's Cement Industry
Biodegradation of cyanide and starch by individual bacterial strains and mixed bacterial consortium isolated from cassava sago wastewater
Welfare Gains from Application of First Generation Biotechnology in Indian Agriculture: The Case of Bt Cotton
"Genetic Analysis of Rust and Late Leaf Spot in Advanced Generation Recombinant Inbred Lines of Groundnut "
Nutrient Uptake by Direct Seeded Rice and Associated Weeds as Influenced by Sowing Date, Variety and Weed Control
Does discrimination drive gender differences in health expenditure on adults: Evidence from Cancer patients in rural India
Comparative analysis of transplanted and dibbled method of redgram cultivation in Bidar district of Karnataka
Carbon Dioxide Emissions from the Tropical Dowleiswaram Reservoir on the Godavari River, Southeast of India
"ASEAN–India Free Trade Agreement (FTA) and its Impact on India A Case Study of Fisheries and Selected Agricultural Products"
Effect of planting geometry and nitrogen application through fertigation on production and quality of sugarcane
Digital literacy among student community in management institutes in Davanagere District, Karnataka State, India
Integrated model shows that atmospheric brown clouds and greenhouse gases have reduced rice harvests in India
"Design, Modeling and Simulation of Prostate Cancer Biosensor with ssDNA biomarker and DGFET Biosensor"
Ordeal Mechanisms and Information in the Promotion of Health Goods in Developing Countries: Evidence From Rural China
Community based agro-tourism as an innovative integrated farming system development model towards sustainable agriculture and tourism in Bali.
"Problems of Women Labour Under MGNREGS - A Comparative Study with Special Reference to Women Labour in Agriculture"
Working and performance of regional rural banks in Haryana-comparitive study of Gurgaon Gramin Bank and Harco Bank
An analysis of price trends and its behavioral patterns of the Indian poultry market with reference to egg
"Is poverty the mother of crime? Empirical evidence of the impact of socioeconomic factors on crime in India"
Consensus Democracy and State Performance: Evaluating the Impact of Coalition Government on Indian States
Logo, colors, fonts, images and the way of how they’re used, tell a lot before people even read/hear what you acctually do. Unique, consistent visual system will make users and customers associate your brand with positive feelings.
It’s very likely that your customers will visit your website before they decide to choose your service or contact you for more. Make sure that your website will attract them with professional look and provide all information needed to make this decision - choosing you.
You might need more company materials as your business grows. Good design has a positive appearance and is intuitive to use.
I assume you land here because you know that graphic design is necessary for creating professional and attractive look for brand and you need someone who will make it for you.
It can’t just look pretty, it needs to be consistent with the characteristics of your brand, understandable and easy to use for your customers/users.
What’s the most important, truly professional designed materials lead user to the goal and are user-friendly in the same time.
I deal with Branding, Web Design and Editorial design. I work with clients around the world for single projects and long term cooperation.
I have masters degree on Graphic Design at the University of Arts in Poznań where I learned about importancy of user experience, technical aspects of making designs ready to use in print and combining graphic design with other arts.
I’m Graphic Designer based in Wrocław, Poland. I deal with Branding, Web Design and Editorial design. If you are interested in working together contact me by email.
www.gunlaws.com From Mr. Alan Korwin's Website. "We have reached a point where our laws are written by secretive government operators and clandestine conspirators, creeps working in deep basements without the light of public scrutiny, who draft endless edicts that cannot be read by a person of decent education. The edicts are thrust upon our elected hollow men, who are coerced and intimidated into signing before they have read what they are handed, and saddle us with unacceptable, anti-American crap whose contents they don’t know." Join the show to hear more!
"Our Hallmarq Petvet 1.5T MRI scanner produces quality diagnostic images in a timely fashion and is a fantastic asset to our neurology/neurosurgery service. The Technical Service Team is excellent and is always on hand 24/7 if and when we need them. Apart from our Radiologist, our team had no experience in running an MRI, but the training that was given to our Specialist Neurology Team was first class, within two weeks our Team were fully certified."
Currently we do not have any products matching your keyword in stock. If there is something that you would like to order or have seen on another site but it is not listed, please email or call us at 817-442-8899 and we will try to find what you are looking for. Thank you.
KAORIの全てがここに… November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005
Super 'Stoked' (I love that word) to announce *35Kat and I have teamed up with SmacGear to be able to offer you lovely people 20% off on the #BlondeAmbition35KatAddition Snapback! Just enter code BLONDEKAT at the check out and join our Smac STR8 Savage Familia today! <3
When I started Bloom Imageworks back in Jan 2006, my primary goal was to combine 3 aspects of my professional background into 1 very personalized creative service for businesses and other artists alike. These 3 areas of expertise are; graphic design, commercial photography and on-demand fine art print making and finishing. Also sprouting from these areas of expertise, are a few other bonus creative services that I regularly offer clients as well.
Such as; photo retouching & restorations, short-run digital reprographics and web design. I'm a very open and honest guy with a true love for what I do. I take the most affordable and efficient approach as possible when helping people reach their creative goals. Work with me once and you'll notice right away that I really know my stuff. So let's put our minds together and make something creative happen!
We ship orders within 24-48 hours. Order today — get your posters faster and cheaper than from overseas.
We expect this item to be ready to order very soon, please check back in a day or two or call the shop.
Just recently a few images leaked with this Motorola Droid RAZR smartphone which is also known as Motorola Spyder. They present us three different angles revealing some of the design details and I want to mention that what you’re admiring there is a Gorilla glass body. About the release date is too early to know something and the same thing I can say about the price too.
After a quick look over the specifications list I see that Droid RAZR comes with a strong hardware and some very impressive features, so I expect the price to be on the size. As you can see in the pictures, the screen is pretty huge measuring a total of 4.3 inches to be more specific and is a Super AMOLED display.
It also comes with 4G LTE support and on the back side an 8 megapixels camera is waiting for us coming with image stabilization and 1080p video recording capability. Also let’s not forget that a HD front facing camera is also there for video calls. Under the hood this smartphone has working a 1.2 GHz dual core processor and a total amount of 1 GB RAM memory. Some sources are saying that Verizon will be the first retailer which is going to get it.
Samsung Galaxy Nexus is once again our subject here and this time we have a press release made public by Verizon. The exact release day is not surely known, but some are saying that we can expect it on November 10th with a price tag no above 299.99 $. Of course at this price you can expect a two-year contract to be involved.
Let’s start with the specifications list and mention the first element there which is that Super AMOLED HD multi touch screen. It comes with a 4.65 inches diagonal that provides a displaying capability of 16 777 216 colors plus a maximum resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. Let’s also include here that ambient light sensor, proximity, accelerometer, barometer and SWYPE integration.
Under the hood a Google Android 2.3 Ice Cream Sandwich operating system is waiting for us being powered by a 1.2 GHz dual core TI OMAP 4460 processor. Let’s not forget to include that 1 GB of RAM memory. Next element on the specification list is that 5 megapixels camera which comes with features like the auto focus, geo tagging, touch focus, image stabilization, digital zoom, LED flash, background replacement and 1080 p HD video recording capability at 30 fps.
Hispanic white black other bexar county the 2010 bexar county birth rate dropped to its lowest level in 10 years to 701 per 1,000, for women 15-44 bexar county remains above the 2009 national birth rate of 667 per 1,000 seen between 2009 and 2010 for bexar county was the largest single year decline. Several organizations joined national black mamas bail out day, which targets the nation’s cash-bail system as unfair to defendants too poor even to post bail. Almost all of the victims were black women activists plan to march in front of bexar county district attorney’s office on march 13. In bexar county, the rate of mothers dying from pregnancy-related causes climbed from 68 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2005 to 41 in 2016, the second-highest year in the past decade, according to data from the san antonio metropolitan health department.
The business conference is a forum for small, minority, women and veteran business owners (smwvbo) to develop relationships, acquire knowledge, and access opportunities that exist with public and private sector entities for the procurement of goods and services. Description the classic 4 bifold wallet is the bexar goods co take on the timeless bifold wallet style featuring four card pockets and one main cash compartment, the classic 4 view full product details . Black single women in atlanta fishing dating services have been popular these days and many online marriages created from these simple fishing sites examine what is topical, bringing together the proposed categories, listing the number of members.
Sometimes we refer to them as black therapists in bexar county or bexar county black psychologists, black marriage counselors or black counselors in bexar county. San antonio, tx has a population of 149m people with a median age of 335 and a median household income of $49,268 between 2015 and 2016 the population of san antonio, tx grew from 147m to 149m, a 154% increase and its median household income grew from $48,869 to $49,268, a 082% increase. Bexar's best 100% free dating site meeting nice single men in bexar can seem hopeless at times — but it doesn't have to be mingle2's bexar personals are full of single guys in bexar looking for girlfriends and dates. Description a simple, thick single wrap cuff inspired by the timeless snare hunting trap available in 3 different styles, flat, pin stripes, and southwest perfect accessory for men and women.
Sa single black professionals 1,675 sbp's first friday's with the alamo alphas black women of san antonio 47 women of color san antonio dance meetup group bexar county tax auctions real estate group 525 member investor san antonio h friends san antonio h friends. Our newest cap design for bexar goods-- meet the bexar ball cap by ebbets field thick single wrap cuff inspired by the timeless snare hunting trap available in 3 different styles, flat, pin stripes, and southwest high-quality leather accessory for men and women available view full product details ». Sa single black professionals 1,682 sbp's lesbians above sixty of san antonio, tx black women of san antonio 45 women of color san antonio dance meetup group san antonio dance meetup group bexar county tax auctions real estate group 529 member investor san antonio's intro to nichiren buddhism.
This year, as in years past, the san antonio metropolitan health district dedicates this annual health profiles report to the men and women who have the daily, frontline responsibility for bexar county births to single mothers by age of mother & birth order 15. The mission of the texas black women’s initiative(txbwi) is to promote active, engaged, and empowered communities to address hiv disparity among black women and other women of color related to hiv prevention and care and to achieve sustainable systemic change. Nationally in 2009, black women had abortions far more often than white and hispanic women, according to data compiled in december 2013 by the national center for health statistics.
The bexar county women's political caucus (bcwpc), a multi-partisan organization, is committed to electing greater numbers of women to public office the caucus endorses candidates and publicly addresses issues relevant to women in bexar county and san antonio. Obstacles keep thousands of pregnant women from prenatal care in bexar county san antonio express news • january 10, 2016 • articles jessica sepulveda was worried when she started bleeding during her fourth month of pregnancy. Start dating again there's no reason to wait interracialdatingcentral brings you a brilliant experience when looking for hot black women online join for free and start browsing women today interracialdatingcentral has been responsible for helping countless singles leave the path of loneliness and find the road to love and happiness. Bexar county sources are added on a regular basis for the best and most current services bexar county free public records directory departments which record, maintain and provide official documents, certificates or information requested by the general public.
Bexar county falls far short of the target of healthy people 2020, a federal initiative to promote health, which aims for 779 percent of women to begin prenatal care in the first three months of pregnancy.
La prensa foundation, inc will host the salute to outstanding women in action awards gala on october 23, at the san antonio zoo from 6 pm – 8 pm the foundation will honor 6 community members who, through their outstanding commitment, dedication and hard work, have enhanced our community.
Bexar's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in bexar with mingle2's bexar dating services find a girlfriend or lover in bexar, or just have fun flirting online with bexar single girls. Whether you want black, white, older, younger, skinny, big, or hot women we have all kinds of personal ads bom is unlike any other batesville date site in that it provides a fun environment online and on your mobile phone. Compliance provides information on the bexar county small, minority, and women-owned business enterprise / disadvantaged business enterprise programs, requirements for contracting with bexar county, and tools for outreach & utilization measurement & reporting. Quickfacts bexar county, texas united states quickfacts provides statistics for all states and counties, and for cities and towns with a population of 5,000 or more.
Its users find the BECKER INDIANAPOLIS 7923 very user-friendly.They think that is very reliable., They mostly agree on this point. If you have a problem, or need help, the Diplofix forum can help you choose between the BECKER INDIANAPOLIS 7923 and another product.
On average, its users find it much more efficient that its competitors., But their opinions differ slightly. They find that it doesn't really stand out as being good value for money You won't get any unpleasant surprises if you look at the instructions in the BECKER INDIANAPOLIS 7923 user manual before buying.
Then press multifunction button briefly - Tone reset will appear. X With multifunction button you can select either Loudness on (ON) or Loudness off (OFF). Setting the balance X Press the button and then the multifunction button. X Press the again. multifunction button Note: Loudness is switched off in MW, LW and SW wavebands. Adjusting the volume of the subwoofer or centre speaker X Set the desired balance level using the right-hand rotary control. X Press the button and then the multifunction button. X Use the right-hand rotary control to achieve the desired subwoofer volume setting. 119 Navigation mode Navigation mode What is navigation? The term "navigation" (lat. navigare = to travel by sea) is generally understood to mean the location of a vehicle, the determination of the direction and distance from the desired destination and the required route. As navigation aids, stars, prominent landmarks, compass and satellites are used. With the Becker Indianapolis, the location is determined via the GPS receiver (GPS = Global Positioning System). The direction and distance from the destination are determined using a digital road map, a navigation computer and sensors. A speedometer signal and a reverse signal are additionally used to calculate the route. For safety reasons, navigation is predominantly in spoken form supported by a direction indicator on the display. GSafety instructions · Road traffic regulations always take priority. The navigation system is only an aid. Errors may occur in individual data items/entries. At all times, the driver must decide whether or not to heed the information provided. We do not accept liability for erroneous data provided by the navigation system. · Observation of traffic signs and local traffic regulations must always take priority. · Traffic guidance is restricted to passenger vehicles only...
64 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if the BECKER INDIANAPOLIS 7923 is very user-friendly.
64 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if the BECKER INDIANAPOLIS 7923 is, in its domain, the best on a technical level, the one offering the best quality, or offering the largest range of options.
64 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if you think that the BECKER INDIANAPOLIS 7923 is a sturdy product, which will last a long time before breaking down.
64 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if you think that the BECKER INDIANAPOLIS 7923 is really not expensive considering its features.
The Dorfhotel Schnablwirt is located in Going am wilden kaiser making it one of the best hotels to stay at while in town. All hotel's guestrooms have all the conveniences expected in a hotel in its class to suit guests' utmost comforts. All of the guestrooms are replete with non smoking rooms, bathrobes, daily newspaper, desk, hair dryer, in room safe, television, bathtub. Guests staying at this Going am wilden kaiser accommodation can enjoy a wide range of hotel facilities such as elevator, bar/pub, laundry service/dry cleaning, restaurant, room service, safety deposit boxes, tours. For guests to unwind, the hotel offers a variety of facilities and services including golf course (on site), sauna. Along with its convenient location in Going am wilden kaiser, the hotel also offers a wide range of services and facilities to the guests. With elegant facilities and hospitality, guests at this hotel will surely have an impressive stay. To book a room easily at the Dorfhotel Schnablwirt, please submit your travel dates and proceed with our secure online booking form.
2018 Summer New Outdoor Leisure Shoes Men's Shoes, Fashion Korean Version Couple Hand made Men s Shoes.
New style men's Korean version of fashion high help anti skid wear resistant leisure comfortable breathable travel s Men Shoes
New men 's casual shoes lace fashion brand spring and summer shoes flat shoes men' s breathable shoes
LISSE Men's casual shoes spring autumn breathable men's low help mesh flat shoes sneakers Zapatillas men's fashion shoes men
Handmade men velvet shoes with black rivets Fashion party and wedding men loafers Italian style smoking slipper mens falts
They are only interested in hooking you into another cycle of paying interest purs made months or years earlier. Sebastian Hirsch says December 10, 2015 at 9:18 pm Woah. If softbound, the thesis must, play slots for free sky vegas. So I pulled it up from an internet cafe in. The Retreat will be held on May 18th thru May 22nd, 8 AM to 4 PM daily. or ATT affiliated companies. This is in part due to this book. Not only do you get more lotteries.
In fact, schools, and artists. В You would advise clients on where to spend their online advertising budget. Item 2 above is where you analyze the information which you presented in Section 3.
This is a huge set of fundamental principles we are, play slots for free sky vegas. The discussion on transparency in the ICT sector has largely focused on major Internet companies in the United States, Canada, and Europe.
The price and terms for preferred stock is set. Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Use. This aligns shareholder and employee goals and makes. The APRs on your Account may be increased each time you fail to pay at least the Minimum Payment Due when it is .
When I was offered the chance to review an extract from 'Scorched Earth' I couldn't help but say yes; mostly because I'm a sucker for the 'Horus Heresy' series (this is the closest I've got to one of their limited edition novellas) but also because it's fast becoming a habit to read stuff off my phone. There was also the fact that I have never reviewed an extract of something before and was interested to see how it would pan out on the page. Before we get started on that though, lets have some blurb for 'Scorched Earth' so we can place the extract in a wider context...
Nearly a quarter of a million loyal Space Marines lost their lives on Isstvan V – the Dropsite Massacre lasted only a few hours, and yet the Iron Hands, Raven Guard and Salamanders were slaughtered by those they had once called kin. With the disappearance of their primarch weighing heavily upon their hearts, Ra’stan and Usabius of the XVIIIth Legion leave behind their fellow survivors and strike out into the Urgall Depression. Their mission: to find what, if anything, remains of mighty Vulkan...
The extract places us right in the middle of the ‘Dropsite Massacre’, on Istvaan, where Salamanders Ra’stan and Usabius are searching for the Primarch Vulkan whilst trying to stay alive. After reading more ‘impersonal’ recounts, in other books, this extract is a real breath of fresh air in that it deposits you right in the middle of this surpremely traumatic event. Ra’stan is fighting for his life but can’t quite believe it is happening. As a loyal marine, he never thought he would fight his own kind and Kyme’s portrayal of the aftermath, of the massacre, matches the turmoil happening in Ra’stan’s head. Everything is debris and nothing ever will be the same again.
The extract is very fast paced, not pulling a single punch, and Kyme’s prose makes it very easy to keep reading; engaging characters in a situation where you have to see how it is resolved. Having said that, the title of a forthcoming ‘Horus Heresy’ tale does give that away but I don’t think fans are going to mind too much about that.
Based on this extract, I think that if I had been given the whole book to review, I would have probably read the whole of ‘Scorched Earth’ in one sitting. I had a lot of fun reading and now I find myself in the position where I want to carry on. Maybe one day... :o)
Catch Glove. In today's game many believe that bigger is always better when it comes to a goaltender's glove. This is not true. Having a glove that is too big will limit a goaltender's ability to catch and control the puck. Here are two tips to follow when fitting a glove. First from the end of the finger channels to the tips of a goaltender's fingers there should be no more than 1/4 of an inch of space. Second the heel of the goaltender's hand and the heel/cuff of the glove should line up.
Don't forget the parents. Most coaches kick off the season with a parents' meeting to lay down a few ground rules discuss philosophies and map out a course for the season. That's all well and good when the season is young and everyone is refreshed and ready to go. Keep the lines of communication open throughout the course of the season with regular meetings and weekly emails so you can discuss issues that may pop up from time to time.
WORK ETHIC AND FITNESS You need to be the hardest worker and most fit player on your team. New York Rangers goalie Mike Richter won the fitness award every year. Hall of Famer Ed Belfour used to run triathlons. St. Louis′ Brian Elliott is the hardest-working goalie I′ve ever coached. Your teammates look to you as their rock. Never let them have any doubts. By being fit and working hard you let them know you have their back.
We use both our own cookies and third party cookies to improve our services. If you decide to continue the navigation we consider that you accept their use. Information
Many loyal guests encourage us in our daily efforts to offer something special and to surprise you every time. In our house in the Val di Fassa you will enjoy comfort and convenience. Hotel with elevator.
The rooms have been designed with care and love, with selected colours and natural materials conferring harmony and wellbeing.
In the old traditional “Stube” you will find peace and relax after intensive days spent in the nature of the Trentino; happy moments to tell and remember and to share with other guests.
The afternoon tearoom has a television and is smoke-free. Many parlor games are available on request.
Each of our rooms feature large woodland view balcony, comfortable working space, en-suite bathroom with a shower, telephone, flat screen TV with international channels and free unlimited WIFI.
In order to confirm the reservation, a deposit of 40% of the total value of your stay is required on account number 62 1050 1070 1000 0024 0492 7853 (we kindly inform you that the deposit is non-refundable).
Bulgarien Hotel Victoria Palace is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The youngish-looking man who so vigorously swung off the train at Restview, wore a pair of intensely dark blue eyes which immediately photographed everything within their range of vision—flat green country, shaded farm-houses, encircling wooded hills and all—weighed it and sorted it and filed it away for future reference; and his clothes clung on him with almost that enviable fit found only in advertisements. Immediately he threw his luggage into the tonneau of the dingy automobile drawn up at the side of the lonely platform, and promptly climbed in after it. Spurred into purely mechanical action by this silent decisiveness, the driver, a grizzled graduate from a hay wagon, and a born grump, as promptly and as silently started his machine. The crisp and perfect start, however, was given check by a peremptory voice from the platform.
As there were positively no other "Hey yous" in the landscape, the driver and the alert young man each acknowledged to the name, and turned to see an elderly gentleman, with a most aggressive beard and solid corpulency, gesticulating at them with much vigor and earnestness. Standing beside him was a slender sort of girl in a green outfit, with very large brown eyes and a smile of amusement which was just a shade mischievous. The driver turned upon his passenger a long and solemn accusation.
"Meadow Brook," returned the passenger, not at all abashed, and he smiled with all the cheeriness imaginable.
"Oh," said the driver, and there was a world of disapprobation in his tone, as well as a subtle intonation of contempt. "You are not Mr. Stevens of Boston."
"No," confessed the passenger; "Mr. Turner of New York. I judge that to be Mr. Stevens on the platform," and he grinned.
The driver, still declining to see any humor whatsoever in the situation, sourly ran back to the platform. Jumping from his seat he opened the door of the tonneau, and waited with entirely artificial deference for Mr. Turner of New York to alight. Mr. Turner, however, did nothing of the sort. He merely stood up in the tonneau and bowed gravely.
"I seem to be a usurper," he said pleasantly to Mr. Stevens of Boston. "I was expected at Meadow Brook, and they were to send a conveyance for me. As this was the only conveyance in sight I naturally supposed it to be mine. I very much regret having discommoded you."
He was looking straight at Mr. Stevens of Boston as he spoke, but, nevertheless, he was perfectly aware of the presence of the girl; also of her eyes and of her smile of amusement with its trace of mischievousness. Becoming conscious of his consciousness of her, he cast her deliberately out of his mind and concentrated upon Mr. Stevens. The two men gazed quite steadily at each other, not to the point of impertinence at all, but nevertheless rather absorbedly. Really it was only for a fleeting moment, but in that moment they had each penetrated the husk of the other, had cleaved straight down to the soul, had estimated and judged for ever and ever, after the ways of men.
"I passed your carryall on the road. It was broke down. It'll be here in about a half hour, I suppose," insisted the driver, opening the door of the tonneau still wider, and waving the descending pathway with his right hand.
Both Mr. Stevens of Boston and Mr. Turner of New York were very glad of this interruption, for it gave the older gentleman an object upon which to vent his annoyance.
"Is Meadow Brook on the way to Hollis Creek?" he demanded in a tone full of reproof for the driver's presumption.
"I couldn't think of leaving you in this dismal spot to wait for a dubious carryall," offered Mr. Stevens, but with frigid politeness. "You are quite welcome to ride with us, if you will."
"Thank you," said Mr. Turner, now climbing out of the machine with alacrity and making way for the others. "I had intended," he laughed, as he took his place beside the driver, "to secure just such an invitation, by hook or by crook."
For this assurance he received a glance from the big eyes; not at all a flirtatious glance, but one of amusement, with a trace of mischief. The remark, however, had well-nigh stopped all conversation on the part of Mr. Stevens, who suddenly remembered that he had a daughter to protect, and must discourage forwardness. His musings along these lines were interrupted by an enthusiastic outburst from Mr. Turner.
"By George!" exclaimed the latter gentleman, "what a fine clump of walnut trees; an even half-dozen, and every solitary one of them would trim sixteen inches."
"Yes," agreed the older man with keenly awakened interest, "they are fine specimens. They would scale six hundred feet apiece, if they'd scale an inch."
"You're in the lumber business, I take it," guessed the young man immediately, already reaching for his card-case. "My name is Turner, known a little better as Sam Turner, of Turner and Turner."
"Sam Turner," repeated the older man thoughtfully. "The name seems distinctly familiar to me, but I do not seem, either, to remember of any such firm in the trade."
"Oh, we're not in the lumber line," replied Mr. Turner. "Not at all. We're in most anything that offers a profit. We—that is my kid brother and myself—have engineered a deal or two in lumber lands, however. It was only last month that I turned a good trade—a very good trade—on a tract of the finest trees in Wisconsin."
"The dickens!" exclaimed the older gentleman explosively. "So you're the Turner who sold us our own lumber! Now I know you. I'm Stevens, of the Maine and Wisconsin Lumber Company."
Sam Turner laughed aloud, in both surprise and glee. Mr. Stevens had now reached for his own card-case. The two gentlemen exchanged cards, which, with barely more than a glance, they poked in the other flaps of their cases; then they took a new and more interested inspection of each other. Both were now entirely oblivious to the girl, who, however, was by no means oblivious to them. She found them, in this new meeting, a most interesting study.
"Y-e-s; but if you hadn't stepped into the deal at the last minute, we could have secured it for five or six thousand dollars less money."
"You used to go after these things yourself," explained Mr. Turner with an easy laugh. "Now you send out people empowered only to look and not to purchase."
"But what I don't yet understand," protested Mr. Stevens, "is how you came to be in the deal at all. When we sent out our men to inspect the trees they belonged to a chap in Detroit. When we came to buy them they belonged to you."
"Certainly," agreed the younger man. "I was up that way on other business, when I heard about your man looking over this valuable acreage; so I just slipped down to Detroit and hunted up the owner and bought it. Then I sold it to you. That's all."
He smiled frankly and cheerfully upon Mr. Stevens, and the frown of discomfiture which had slightly clouded the latter gentleman's brow, faded away under the guilelessness of it all; so much so that he thought to introduce his daughter.
Miss Josephine having been brought into the conversation, Mr. Turner, for the first time, bent his gaze fully upon her, giving her the same swift scrutiny and appraisement that he had the father. He was evidently highly satisfied with what he saw, for he kept looking at it as much as he dared. He became aware after a moment or so that Mr. Stevens was saying something to him. He never did get all of it, but he got this much:
"I hope so," agreed the other briskly. "If I want anything, I go prepared to grab it the minute I find that it suits me."
"Always," he answered her very earnestly, and looked her in the eyes so speculatively, albeit unconsciously so, that she found herself battling with a tendency to grow pink.
"Rest," declared Mr. Turner with vigorous emphasis. "I've worked like a nailer ever since I turned out of high school. I had to make the living for the family, and I sent my kid brother through college. He's just been out a year and it's a wonder the way he takes hold. But do you know that in all those times since I left school I never took a lay-off until just this minute? It feels glorious already. It's fine to look around this good stretch of green country and breathe this fresh air and look at those hills over yonder, and to realize that I don't have to think of business for two solid weeks. Just absolute rest, for me! I don't intend to talk one syllable of shop while I'm here. Hello! there's another clump of walnut trees. It's a pity they're scattered so that it isn't worth while to buy them up."
The girl laughed, a little silvery laugh which made any memory of grand opera seem harsh and jangling. Both men turned to her in surprise. Neither of them could see any cause for mirth in all the fields or sky.
"Tell it to us," urged Mr. Turner. "I've never taken the time I ought to enjoy funny things, and I might as well begin right now."
But she shook her head, and in some way he acquired an impression that she was amused at him. His brows gathered a trifle. If the young lady intended to make sport of him he would take her down a peg or two. He would find her point of susceptibility to ridicule, and hammer upon it until she cried enough. That was his way to make men respectful, and it ought to work with women.
When they let him out at Meadow Brook, Mr. Stevens was kind enough to ask him to drop over to Hollis Creek. Mr. Turner, with impulsive alacrity, promised that he would.
At Meadow Brook Sam Turner found W. W. Westlake, of the Westlake Electric Company, a big, placid man with a mild gray eye and an appearance of well-fed and kindly laziness; a man also who had the record of having ruthlessly smashed more business competitors than any two other pirates in his line. Westlake, unclasping his fat hands from his comfortable rotundity, was glad to see young Turner, also glad to introduce the new eligible to his daughter, a girl of twenty-two, working might and main to reduce a threatened inheritance of embonpoint. Mr. Turner was charmed to meet Miss Westlake, and even more pleased to meet the gentleman who was with her, young Princeman, a brisk paper manufacturer variously quoted at from one to two million. He knew all about young Princeman; in fact, had him upon his mental list as a man presently to meet and cultivate for a specific purpose, and already Mr. Turner's busy mind offset the expenses of this trip with an equal credit, much in the form of "By introduction to H. L. Princeman, Jr. (Princeman and Son Paper Mills, AA 1), whatever it costs." He liked young Princeman at sight, too, and, proceeding directly to the matter uppermost in his thoughts, immediately asked him how the new tariff had affected his business.
"It's inconvenient," said Princeman with a shake of his head. "Of course, in the end the consumers must pay, but they protest so much about it that they disarrange the steady course of our operations."
"It's queer that the ultimate consumer never will be quite reconciled to his fate," laughed Mr. Turner; "but in this particular case, I think I hold the solution. You'll be interested, I know. You see—"
"I beg your pardon, Mr. Turner," interrupted Miss Westlake gaily; "I know you'll want to meet all the young folks, and you'll particularly want to meet my very dearest friend. Miss Hastings, Mr. Turner."
Mr. Turner had turned to find an extraordinarily thin young woman, with extraordinarily piercing black eyes, at Miss Westlake's side.
"Indeed, I do want to meet all the young people," he cordially asserted, taking Miss Hastings' claw-like hand in his own and wondering what to do with it. He could not clasp it and he could not shake it. She relieved him of his dilemma, after a moment, by twining that arm about the plump waist of her dearest friend.
"Is this your first stay at Meadow Brook?" she asked by way of starting conversation. She was very carefully vivacious, was Miss Hastings, and had a bird-like habit, meant to be very fetching, of cocking her head to one side as she spoke, and peering up to men—oh, away up—with the beady expression of a pet canary.
"My very first visit," confessed Mr. Turner, not yet realizing the disgrace it was to be "new people" at Meadow Brook, where there was always an aristocracy of the grandchildren of original Meadow Brookers. "However, I hope it won't be the last time," he continued.
"We shall all hope that, I am certain," Miss Westlake assured him, smiling engagingly into the depths of his eyes. "It will be our fault if you don't like it here;" and he might take such tentative promise as he would from that and her smile.
"Thank you," he said promptly enough. "I can see right now that I'm going to make Meadow Brook my future summer home. It's such a restful place, for one thing. I'm beginning to rest right now, and to put business so far into the background that—" he suddenly stopped and listened to a phrase which his trained ear had caught.
"And that is the trouble with the whole paper business," Mr. Princeman was saying to Mr. Westlake. "It is not the tariff, but the future scarcity of wood-pulp material."
"That's just what I was starting to explain to you," said Mr. Turner, wheeling eagerly to Mr. Princeman, entirely unaware, in his intensity of interest, of his utter rudeness to both groups. "My kid brother and myself are working on a scheme which, if we are on the right track, ought to bring about a revolution in the paper business. I can not give you the exact details of it now, because we're waiting for letters patent on it, but the fundamental point is this: that the wood-pulp manufacturers within a few years will have to grow their raw material, since wood is becoming so scarce and so high priced. Well, there is any quantity of swamp land available, and we have experimented like mad with reeds and rushes. We've found one particular variety which grows very rapidly, has a strong, woody fiber, and makes the finest pulp in the world. I turned the kid loose with the company's bank roll this spring, and he secured options on two thousand acres of swamp land, near to transportation and particularly adapted to this culture, and dirt cheap because it is useless for any other purpose. As soon as the patents are granted on our process we're going to organize a million dollar stock company to take up more land and handle the business."
"Wait a minute until I send for McComas. Here, boy, hunt Mr. McComas and ask him to come out on the porch."
The new guest was reaching for pencil and paper as they gathered their chairs together. The two girls had already started hesitantly to efface themselves. Half-way across the lawn they looked sadly toward the porch again. That handsome young Mr. Turner, his back toward them, was deep in formulated but thrilling facts, while three other heads, one gray and one black and one auburn, were bent interestedly over the envelope upon which he was figuring.
Later on, as he was dressing for dinner, Mr. Turner decided that he liked Meadow Brook very much. It was set upon the edge of a pleasant, rolling valley, faced and backed by some rather high hills, upon the sloping side of one of which the hotel was built, with broad verandas looking out upon exquisitely kept flowers and shrubbery and upon the shallow little brook which gave the place its name. A little more water would have suited Sam better, but the management had made the most of its opportunities, especially in the matter of arranging dozens of pretty little lovers' lanes leading in all directions among the trees and along the sides of the shimmering stream, and the whole prospect was very good to look at, indeed. Taken in conjunction with the fact that one had no business whatever on hand, it gave one a sense of delightful freedom to look out on the green lawn and the gay gardens, on the brook and the tennis and croquet courts, and on the purple-hazed, wooded hills beyond; it was good to fill one's lungs with country air and to realize for a little while what a delightful world this is; to see young people wandering about out there by twos and by threes, and to meet with so many other people of affairs enjoying leisure similar to one's own.
Of course, this wasn't a really fashionable place, being supported entirely by men who had made their own money; but there was Princeman, for instance, a fine chap and very keen; a well-set-up fellow, black-haired and black-eyed, and of a quick, nervous disposition; one of precisely the kind of energy which Turner liked to see. McComas, too, with his deep red hair and his tendency to freckles, and his frank smile with all the white teeth behind it, was a corking good fellow; and alive. McComas was in the furniture line, a maker of cheap stuff which was shipped in solid trains of carload lots from a factory that covered several acres. The other men he noticed around the place seemed to be of about the same stamp. He had never been anywhere that the men averaged so well.
As he went down-stairs, McComas introduced his wife, already gowned for the evening. She was a handsome woman, of the sort who would wear a different stunning gown every night for two weeks and then go on to the next place. Well, she had a right to this extravagance. Besides it is good for a man's business to have his wife dressed prosperously. A man who is getting on in the world ought to have a handsome wife. If she is the right kind, of Miss Stevens' type, say, she is a distinct asset.
"I suppose, of course, you are going to take part in the bowling tournament to-night," suggested Miss Westlake with the engaging directness allowable to family friendship.
"Oh, just down the other side of the brook, beyond the croquet grounds. We have a tournament every week, and a prize cup for the best score in the season. It's lots of fun. Do you bowl?"
"Not very much," Mr. Turner confessed; "but if you'll just keep me posted on all these various forms of recreation, you may count on my taking a prominent share in them."
"All right," agreed Miss Hastings, very vivaciously taking the conversation away from Miss Westlake. "We'll constitute ourselves a committee of two to lay out a program for you."
"Fine," he responded, bending on the fragile Miss Hastings a smile so pleasant that it made her instantly determine to find out something about his family and commercial standing. "What time do we start on our mad bowling career?"
"They'll be drifting over in about a half-hour," Miss Westlake told him, with a speculative sidelong glance at her dearest girl friend. "Everybody starts out for a stroll in some other direction, as if bowling was the least of their thoughts, but they all wind up at the alleys. I'll show you." A slight young man of the white-trousered faction, as distinguished from the dinner-coat crowd, passed them just then. "Oh, Billy," called Miss Westlake, and introduced the slight young man, who proved to be her brother, to Mr. Turner, at the same time wreathing her arm about the waist of her dear companion. "Come on, Vivian; let's go get our wraps," and the girls, leaving "Billy" and Mr. Turner together, scurried away.
The two young men looked at each other dubiously, though each had an earnest desire to please. They groped for human understanding, and suddenly that clammy, discouraged feeling spread its muffling wall between them. Billy was the first to recover in part.
Mr. Turner opined that it was, the while delving into Mr. Westlake's mental workshop and finding it completely devoid of tools, patterns or lumber.
"The girls are just going to take me over to bowl," Mr. Turner ventured desperately after a while. "Do you bowl very much?"
"Oh, I usually fill in," stated Mr. Westlake; "but really, I'm a very poor hand at it. I seem to be a poor hand at most everything," and he laughed with engaging candor, as if somehow this were creditable.
The conversation thereupon lagged for a moment or two, while Mr. Turner blankly asked himself: "What in thunder does a man talk about when he has nothing to say and nobody to say it to?" Presently he solved the problem.
Once more conversation lagged, while Billy feebly wondered how any person could possibly be so dull as this chap. He made another attempt.
"Yes, I should imagine so," agreed Mr. Turner. Great Scott! The voice of McComas saved him from utter imbecility.
"You'll excuse Mr. Turner a moment, won't you, Billy?" begged McComas pleasantly. "I want to introduce him to a couple of friends of mine."
Billy Westlake bowed his forgiveness of Mr. McComas with fully as much relief as Sam Turner had felt. Over in the same corner of the porch where he had sat in the afternoon with McComas and Princeman and the elder Westlake, Sam found awaiting them Mr. Cuthbert, of the American Papier-Mache Company, an almost viciously ugly man with a twisted nose and a crooked mouth, who controlled practically all the worth-while papier-mache business of the United States, and Mr. Blackrock, an elderly man with a young toupee and particularly gaunt cheek-bones, who was a corporation lawyer of considerable note. Both gentlemen greeted Mr. Turner as one toward whom they were already highly predisposed, and Mr. Princeman and Mr. Westlake also shook hands most cordially, as if Sam had been gone for a day or two. Mr. McComas placed a chair for him.
"We just happened to mention your marsh pulp idea, and Mr. Cuthbert and Mr. Blackrock were at once very highly interested," observed McComas as they sat dawn. "Mr. Blackrock suggests that he don't see why you need wait for the issuance of the letters patent, at least to discuss the preliminary steps in the forming of your company."
"Why, no, Mr. Turner," said Mr. Blackrock, suavely and smoothly; "it is not a company anyhow, as I take it, which will depend so much upon letters patent as upon extensive exploitation."
"Yes, that's true enough," agreed Sam with a smile. "The letters patent, however, should give my kid brother and myself, without much capital, controlling interest in the stock."
"That seems a plausible enough reason," admitted Mr. Westlake, folding his fat hands across his equator and leaning back in his chair with a placidity which seemed far removed from any thought of gain. "How did you propose to organize your company?"
"Well," said Sam, crossing one leg comfortably over the other, "I expect to issue a half million participating preferred stock, at five per cent., and a half-million common, one share of common as bonus with each two shares of preferred; the voting power, of course, vested in the common."
A silence followed that, and then Mr. Cuthbert, with a diagonal yawing of his mouth which seemed to give his words a special dryness, observed:
"Just about," returned Mr. Turner cheerfully, addressing Cuthbert directly. The papier-mache king was another man whom he had inscribed, some time since, upon his mental list. "My kid brother and myself will take two hundred and fifty thousand of the common stock for our patents and processes, and for our services as promoters and organizers, and will purchase enough of the preferred to give us voting power; say five thousand dollars worth."
"All right," said Sam, clasping his knee in his hands and rocking gently. "If we can't organize on that basis we won't organize at all. We're in no hurry. My kid brother's handling it just now, anyhow. I'm on a vacation, the first I ever had, and not keen upon business, by any means. In the meantime, let me show you some figures."
Five minutes later, Billy Westlake and his sister and Miss Hastings drew up to the edge of the group. Young Westlake stood diffidently for two or three minutes beside Mr. Turner's chair, and then he put his hand on that summer idler's shoulder.
"That's so," admitted Mr. Turner, glancing over to the porch rail where the girls stood expectantly in their fluffy white dresses, and nodding pleasantly at them, but not yet rising. He was in the midst of an important statement.
"Just you run on with the girls, Billy," ordered Mr. Westlake. "Mr. Turner will be over in a few minutes."
The others of the circle bent their eyes gravely upon Billy and the girls as they turned away, and waited for Mr. Turner to resume.
At a quarter past ten, as Mr. Turner and Mr. Princeman walked slowly along the porch to turn into the parlors for a few minutes of music, of which Sam was very fond, a crowd of young people came trooping up the steps. Among them were Billy Westlake and his sister, another young gentleman and Miss Hastings.
He was about to make his apologies, but Miss Westlake and Miss Hastings passed right on, with stern, set countenances and their heads in air. Apparently they did not see Mr. Turner at all. He gazed after them in consternation; suddenly there popped into his mind the vision of a slender girl in green, with mischievous brown eyes—and he felt strangely comforted. Before retiring he wired his brother to send some samples of the marsh pulp, and the paper made from it.
Morning at Meadow Brook was even more delightful than evening. The time Mr. Turner had chosen for his outing was early September, and already there was a crispness in the air which was quite invigorating. Clad in flannels and with a brand new tennis racket under his arm, he went into the reading-room immediately after breakfast, bought a paper of the night before and glanced hastily over the news of the day, paying more particular attention to the market page. Prices of things had a peculiar fascination for him. He noticed that cereals had gone down, that there was another flurry in copper stock, and that hardwood had gone up, and ranging down the list his eye caught a quotation for walnut. It had made a sharp advance of ten dollars a thousand feet.
Out of the window, as he looked up, he saw Miss Westlake and Miss Hastings crossing the lawn, and he suddenly realized that he was here to wear himself out with rest, so he hurried in the direction the girls had taken; but when he arrived at the tennis court he found a set already in progress. Both Miss Westlake and Miss Hastings barely nodded at Mr. Turner, and went right on displaying grace and dexterity to a quite unusual degree. Decidedly Mr. Turner was being "cut," and he wondered why. Presently he strode down to the road and looked up over the hill in the direction he knew Hollis Creek Inn to be. He was still pondering the probable distance when Mr. Westlake and Billy and young Princeman came up the brook path.
"Just the chap I wanted to see, Sam," said Mr. Westlake heartily. "I'm trying to get up a pin-hook fishing contest, for three-inch sunfish."
"It's the governor's own idea, too," said Billy with vast enthusiasm. "Bully sport, it ought to be. Only trouble is, Princeman has some mysterious errand or other, and can't join us."
"No; the fact is, the Stevenses were due at Hollis Creek yesterday," confessed Mr. Princeman in cold return to the prying Billy, "and I think I'll stroll over and see if they've arrived."
Sam Turner surveyed Princeman with a new interest. Danger lurked in Princeman's black eyes, fascination dwelt in his black hair, attractiveness was in every line of his athletic figure. It was upon the tip of Sam's tongue to say that he would join Princeman in his walk, but he repressed that instinct immediately.
"Yes," admitted Princeman unsuspectingly, "it winds a good bit; but there is a path across the hills which is not only shorter but far more pleasant."
"It would be a shame not to let Princeman in on that pin-hook match," he suggested. "Why not put it off until to-morrow morning. I have an idea that I can beat Princeman at the game."
There was more or less of sudden challenge in his tone, and Princeman, keen as Sam himself, took it in that way.
"I'll let you know in some way or other, even if I don't make any direct announcement," laughed Sam, and Princeman walked away with Mr. Westlake, very much to Billy's consternation. He was alone with this dull Turner person once more. What should they talk about? Sam solved that problem for him at once. "What's the swiftest conveyance these people keep?" he asked briskly.
"Oh, you can get most anything you like," said Billy. "Saddle-horses and carriages of all sorts; and last year they put in a couple of automobiles, though scarcely any one uses them." There was a certain amount of careless contempt in Billy's tone as he mentioned the hired autos. Evidently they were not considered to be as good form as other modes of conveyance.
"Thanks," said the other crisply. "I'll see you this evening," and he stalked away leaving Billy gasping for breath at the suddenness of Sam. After all, though, he was glad to be rid of Mr. Turner. He knew the Stevenses himself, and it had slowly dawned on him that by having his own horse saddled he could beat Princeman over there.
It took Sam just about one minute to negotiate for an automobile, a neat little affair, shiny and new, and before they were half-way to Hollis Creek, his innate democracy led him into conversation with the driver, an alert young man of the near-by clay.
"Not very good soil in this neighborhood," Sam observed. "I notice there is a heavy outcropping of stone. What are the principal crops?"
"And do you mean to tell me that all these farm-houses call themselves summer resorts?" inquired Sam.
A moment later they passed over a beautifully clear stream which ran down a narrow pocket valley between two high hills, swept under a rickety wooden culvert, and raced on across a marshy meadow, sparkling invitingly here and there in the sunlight.
"It's too much shut in," replied the chauffeur as one who had voiced a final and insurmountable objection. All the "summer resorts" in this neighborhood were of one pattern, and no one would so much as dream of varying from the first successful model.
Sam scarcely heard. He was looking back toward the trough of those two picturesquely wooded hills, and for the rest of the drive he asked but few questions.
At Hollis Creek, where he found a much more imposing hotel than the one at Meadow Brook, he discovered Miss Stevens, clad in simple white from canvas shoes to knotted cravat, in a summer-house on the lawn, chatting gaily with a young man who was almost fat. Sam had seen other girls since he had entered the grounds, but he could not make out their features; this one he had recognized from afar, and as they approached the summer-house he opened the door of the machine and jumped out before it had come properly to a stop.
"Good morning, Miss Stevens," he said with a cheerful self-confidence which was beautiful to behold. "I have come over to take you a little spin, if you'll go."
"Does seem so, if you stop to think of it," he admitted. "Rather like dropping out of the clouds. But the auto is here, and I can testify that it's a smooth-running machine. Will you go?"
She turned that same quizzical smile upon the young man who was almost fat, and introduced him, curly hair and all, to Mr. Turner as Mr. Hollis, who, it afterward transpired, was the heir to Hollis Creek Inn.
"I had just promised to play tennis with Mr. Hollis," Miss Stevens stated after the introduction had been properly acknowledged, "but I know he won't mind putting it off this time," and she handed him her tennis bat.
"Where shall we go?" asked Sam as the driver looked back inquiringly. "You know the country about here, I suppose."
"I ought to," she laughed. "Father's been ending the summer here ever since I was a little girl. You might take us around Bald Hill," she suggested to the chauffeur. "It is a very pretty drive," she explained, turning to Sam as the machine wheeled, and at the same time waving her hand gaily to the disconsolate Hollis, who was "hard hit" with a different girl every season. "It's just about a two-hour trip. What a fine morning to be out!" and she settled back comfortably as the machine gathered speed. "I do love a machine, but father is rather backward about them. He will consent to ride in them under necessity, but he won't buy one. Every time he sees a handsome pair of horses, however, he has to have them."
"Oh, I have suffered a few times on horseback," he confessed; "but you ought to see my kid brother ride. He looks as if he were part of the horse. He's a handsome brat."
"Except for calling him names, which is a purely masculine way of showing affection, you speak of him almost as if you were his mother," she observed.
"Well, I am, almost," replied Sam, studying the matter gravely. "I have been his mother, and his father, and his brother, too, for a great many years; and I will say that he's a credit to his family."
"He must talk of getting married," she guessed, with a quick intuition that when this happened it would be a blow to Sam.
"Oh, no," he immediately corrected her. "He isn't quite old enough to think of it seriously as yet. I expect to be married long before he is."
Miss Stevens felt a rigid aloofness creeping over her, and, having a very wholesome sense of humor, smiled as she recognized the feeling in herself.
"I should think you'd spend your vacation where the girl is," she observed. "Men usually do, don't they?"
"That's a refreshing suggestion," she said, echoing his laugh, though from a different impulse. "I presume, then, that you entertain thoughts of matrimony merely because you think you are quite old enough."
"No, it isn't just that," he returned, still thoughtfully. "Somehow or other I feel that way about it; that's all. I have never had time to think of it before, but this past year I have had a sort of sense of lonesomeness; and I guess that must be it."
In spite of herself Miss Josephine giggled and repressed it, and giggled again and repressed it, and giggled again, and then she let herself go and laughed as heartily as she pleased. She had heard men say before, but always with more or less of a languishing air, inevitably ridiculous in a man, that they thought it about time they were getting married; but she could not remember anything to compare with Sam Turner's naivete in the statement.
"There is another clump of walnut trees," he said, eagerly pointing them out. "Are there many of them in this locality?"
"A good many scattered here and there," replied the boy; "but old man Gifford has a twenty-acre grove down in the bottoms that's mostly all walnut trees, and I heard him say just the other day that walnut lumber's got so high he had a notion to clear his land."
"Suppose we whizz right down there," said Sam promptly, and he turned to Miss Stevens with enthusiasm shining in his eyes. "It does seem as if everything happens lucky for me," he observed. "I haven't any particular liking for the lumber business, but fate keeps handing lumber to me all the time; just fairly forcing it on me."
"Do you think fate is as much responsible for that as yourself?" she questioned, smiling as they passed at a good clip the turn which was to have taken them over the pretty Bald Hill drive. Sam had not even thought to apologize for the abrupt change in their program, because she could certainly see the opportunity which had offered itself, and how imperative it was to embrace it. The thing needed no explanation.
"I don't know," he replied to her query, after pausing to consider it a moment. "I certainly don't go out of my road to hunt up these things."
"No-o-o-o," she admitted. "But fate hasn't thrust this particular opportunity upon me, although I'm right with you at the time. It never would have occurred to me to ask about those walnut trees."
"Yes, it might have occurred to father, but I think that under the circumstances he would have waited until to-morrow to see about it."
"I suppose I might be that way when I arrive at his age," Sam commented philosophically, "but just now I can't afford it. His 'seeing about it to-morrow' cost him between five and six thousand dollars the last time I had anything to do with him."
She laughed. She was enjoying Sam's company very much. Even if a bit startling, he was at least refreshing after the type of young men she was in the habit of meeting.
"He was talking about that last night," she said. "I think father rather stands in both admiration and awe of you."
"I'm glad to hear that," he returned quite seriously. "It's a good attitude in which to have the man with whom you expect to do business."
"I think I shall have to tell him that," she observed, highly amused. "He will enjoy it, and it may put him on his guard."
"I don't mind," he concluded after due reflection. "It won't hurt a particle. If anything, if he likes me so far, that will only increase it. I like your father. In fact I like his whole family."
"Thank you," she said demurely, wondering if there was no end to his bluntness, and wondering, too, whether it were not about time that she should find it wearisome. On closer analysis, however, she decided that the time was not yet come. "But you have not met all of them," she reminded him. "There are mother and a younger sister and an older brother."
"Don't matter if there were six more, I like all of them," Sam promptly informed her. Then, "Stop a minute," he suddenly directed the chauffeur.
That functionary abruptly brought his machine to a halt just a little way past a tree glowing with bright green leaves and red berries.
"I don't know what sort of a tree that is," said Sam with boyish enthusiasm; "but see how pretty it is. Except for the shape of the leaves the effect is as beautiful as holly. Wouldn't you like a branch or two, Miss Stevens?"
"I certainly should," she heartily agreed. "I don't know how you discovered that I have a mad passion for decorative weeds and things."
He had scrambled out of the car and now ran back to the tree, where, perching himself upon the second top rail of the fence he drew down a limb, and with his knife began to snip off branches here and there. The girl noticed that he selected the branches with discrimination, turning each one over so that he could look at the broad side of it before clipping, rejecting many and studying each one after he had taken it in his hand. He was some time in finding the last one, a long straggling branch which had most of its leaves and berries at the tip, and she noticed that as he came back to the auto he was arranging them deftly and with a critical eye. When he handed them in to her they formed a carefully arranged and graceful composition. It was a new and an unexpected side of him, and it softened considerably the amused regard in which she had been holding him.
"They are beautifully arranged," she commented, as he stopped for a moment to brush the dust from his shoes in the tall grass by the roadside.
"Do you think so?" he delightedly inquired. "You ought to see my kid brother make up bouquets of goldenrod and such things. He seems to have a natural artistic gift."
She bent on his averted head a wondering glance, and she reflected that often this "hustler" must be misunderstood.
"You have aroused in me quite a curiosity to meet this paragon of a brother," she remarked. "He must be well-nigh perfection."
"He is," replied Sam instantly, turning to her very earnest eyes. "He hasn't a flaw in him any place."
"Yes," he admitted; "but even if we have to throw them away before we get back to the hotel, their beauty will give us pleasure for an hour; and the tree won't miss them. See, it seems as perfect as ever."
"It wouldn't if everybody took the same liberties with it that you did," she remarked, glancing back at the tree.
Sam had climbed in the car and had slammed the door shut, but any reply he might have made was prevented by a hail from the woods above them at the other side of the road, and a man came scrambling down from the hillside path.
"Why, it's Mr. Princeman!" exclaimed the girl in pleased surprise. "Think of finding you wandering about, all alone in the woods here."
"I wasn't wandering about," he protested as he came up to the machine and shook hands with Miss Josephine. "I was headed directly for Hollis Creek Inn. Your brother wrote me that you were expected to arrive there yesterday evening, and I was dropping over to call on you right away this morning. I see, however, that I was not quite prompt enough. You're selfish, Mr. Turner. You knew I was going over to Hollis Creek, and you might have invited me to ride in your machine."
"But you knew that I was coming and I didn't know that you even knew—" he paused abruptly and fixed a contemplative eye upon young Mr. Turner, who was now surveying the scenery and Mr. Princeman in calm enjoyment.
The arrival at this moment of a cloud of dust out of which evolved a lone horseman, and that horseman Billy Westlake, added a new angle to the situation, and for one fleeting moment the three men eyed one another in mutual sheepish guilt.
"Rather good sport, I call it, Miss Stevens," declared Billy, aware of a sudden increase in his estimation of Mr. Turner, and letting the cat completely out of the bag. "Each of us was trying to steal a march on the rest, but Mr. Turner used the most businesslike method, and of course he won the race."
"I'm flattered, I'm sure," said Miss Josephine demurely. "I really feel that I ought to go right back to the house and be the belle of the ball; but it's impossible for an hour or so in this case," and she turned to her escort with the smile of mischief which she had worn the first time he saw her. "You see, we are out on a little business trip, Mr. Turner and myself. We're going to buy a walnut grove."
"I promised to get you back in two hours, and I'll do it," he stated, "but we mustn't linger much by the wayside."
"With which hint we shall wend our Hollis Creek-ward way," laughed Princeman, exchanging a glance of amusement with Miss Stevens. "I think we shall visit with your father until you come back."
"Please do," she urged. "He will be as glad to see you both as I am," with which information she settled herself back in her seat with a little air of the interview being over, and the chauffeur, with proper intuition, started the machine, while Mr. Princeman and Billy looked after them glumly.
"Queer? Well, hardly that," returned Princeman thoughtfully. "There's one thing certain; he's enterprising and vigorous enough to command respect, in business or—anything else."
At about that very moment Mr. Turner was impressing upon his companion a very important bit of ethics.
"You told them that we were going to buy a walnut grove. You ought never to let slip anything you happen to know of any man's business plans."
Having voiced his straightforward objection, and delivered his simple but direct lesson, Mr. Turner turned as decisively to other matters.
"Son," he asked, leaning over toward the chauffeur, "are there any speed limit laws on these roads?"
"Not at all," she told him, either much chastened by the late rebuke or much amused by it. She could scarcely tell which, as yet. "I don't particularly long for a broken neck, but I never can feel that my time has come."
"It hasn't," returned Sam. "Let's see your palm," and taking her hand he held it up before him. It was a small hand that he saw, and most gracefully formed, but a strong one, too, and Sam Turner had an extremely quick and critical eye for both strength and beauty. "You are going to live to be a gray-haired grandmother," he announced after an inspection of her pink palm, "and live happily all your life."
It was noteworthy that no matter what his impulse may have been he did not hold her hand overly long, nor subject it to undue warmth of pressure, but restored it gently to her lap. She was remarking upon this herself as she took that same hand and passed its tapering fingers deftly among the twigs of the tree-bouquet, arranging a leaf here and a berry there.
Old man Gifford was not at home in his squat, low-roofed farm-house, but a woman shaped like a pyramid of diminishing pumpkins directed them down through the grove to the corn patch. It was necessary to lift strenuously upon the sagging end of a squeaky old gate, and scrape it across gulleys, to get the automobile into the narrow, deeply-rutted road, and with a mind fearful of tires the chauffeur wheeled down through the grove quite slowly, a slowness for which Sam was duly grateful, since it allowed him to take a careful appraisement of the walnut trees, interspersed with occasional oaks, which bordered both sides of their path. They were tall, thick, straight-trunked trees, from amongst which the underbrush had been carefully cut away. It was a joy to his now vandal soul, this grove, and already he could see those majestic trunks, after having been sawed with as little wasteful chopping as possible, toppling in endless billowy furrows.
Old man Gifford came inquiringly up between the long rows of corn to the far edge of the grove. He was bent and weazened, and more gnarled than any of his trees, and even his fingers seemed to have the knotty, angular effect of twigs. A fringe of gray beard surrounded his clean-shaven face, which was criss-crossed with innumerable little furrows that the wind and rain had worn in it; but a pair of shrewd old eyes twinkled from under his bushy eyebrows.
"Morning, 'Ennery," he said, addressing the chauffeur with a squeaky little voice in which, though after forty years of residence in America, there was still a strong trace of British accent; and then his calculating gaze rested calmly in turns upon the other occupants of the machine.
"Good corn-ripenin' weather," agreed the old man, squinting at the sky from force of habit, and then, being satisfied that there was no threatening cloud in all the visible blue expanse, he returned to a calm consideration of the strangers, waiting patiently for Mr. Turner to introduce himself.
"I understand, Mr. Gifford, that you are open to an offer for your walnut trees," began Mr. Turner, looking at his watch.
"I see," returned Sam; "that is, you might be interested if the price were right. Let's get right down to brass tacks. How much do you want?"
Miss Stevens' gaze roved from the one to the other and found enjoyment in the fact that here Greek had met Greek.
"No," said the old man instantly. "I been a-holdin' out for five dollars a thousand more than that."
Things were progressing. A basis for haggling had been established. Sam Turner, however, had the advantage. He knew the sharp advance in walnut announced that morning. Old man Gifford would not be aware of it until the rural free delivery brought his evening paper, of the night before, some time that afternoon. In view of the recent advance, even at Mr. Gifford's price there was a handsome profit in the transaction.
"The reason you've had to hold out for your rate until right now was that nobody would pay it," said Sam confidently. "Now I'm here to talk spot cash. I'll give you, say, a thousand dollars down, and the balance immediately upon measurement as the logs are loaded upon the cars."
"Well, cuttin' and trimmin' and haulin' ain't much in my line," returned the old man, again cautious; "but after all, I reckon that there'd be less damage to my property if I looked after it myself. Of course, I'd have to have a profit for handlin' it. I'd feel like holdin' out for—for—" and after some hesitation he again named a figure.
"You've made that same proposition to others," charged Sam shrewdly, "and you couldn't get the price." Upon the heels of this he made his own offer.
"Come back here and let's talk turkey," protested Sam compellingly. "You name the very lowest price you'll take, delivered on board the cars at Restview."
The old man reached down, pulled up a blade of grass, chewed it carefully, spit it out, and named his very, very lowest price; then he added: "What's the most you'll give?"
"It's a bargain!" said Sam, and reaching into the inside pocket of his tennis coat, he brought out some queer furniture for that sort of garment—a small fountain pen and an extremely small card-case, from the latter of which he drew four folded blank checks.
He reached over and borrowed the chauffeur's enameled cap, dusted it carefully with his handkerchief, laid a check upon it and held his fountain pen poised. "What are your initials, please, Mr. Gifford?"
"Wait a minute," said the old man hastily. "Don't make out that check just yet. I don't do any business or sign any contracts till I talk with Hepseba."
"All right. Climb right in with Henry there," directed Sam, seizing upon the chauffeur's name. "We'll drive straight up to see her."
"I'll walk," firmly declared Mr. Gifford. "I never have rode in one of them things, and I'm too old to begin."
"Very well," said Sam cheerfully, jumping out of the machine with great promptness. "I'll walk with you. Back to the house, Henry," and he started anxiously to trudge up the road with Mr. Gifford, leaving Henry to manoeuver painfully in the narrow space. After a few steps, however, a sudden thought made him turn back. "Maybe you'd rather walk up, too," he suggested to Miss Stevens.
"Do come on and walk," he pleaded. "Don't hold it against me because I just don't seem to be able to think of more than one thing at a time; but I was so wrapped up in this deal that— Really," and he sank his voice confidentially, "I have a tremendous bargain here, and I'll be nervous about it until I have it clenched. I'll tell you why as we go home."
He held out his hand as a matter of course to help her down. The white of his eyes was remarkably clear, the irises were remarkably blue, the pupils remarkably deep. Suddenly her face cleared and she laughed.
"It was silly of me to be snippy, wasn't it?" she confessed, as she took his hand and stepped lightly to the ground. It had just recurred to her that when he knew Princeman was walking over to see her he had said nothing, but had engaged an automobile.
Old man Gifford had nothing much to say when they caught up with him. Mr. Turner tried him with remarks about the weather, and received full information, but when he attempted to discuss the details of the walnut purchase, he received but mere grunts in reply, except finally this:
At the house Hepseba waddled out on the little stoop in response to old man Gifford's call, and stood regarding the strangers stonily through her narrow little slits of eyes.
"This gentleman, Hepseba," said old man Gifford, "wants to buy my walnut trees. What do you think of him?"
In response to that leading question, Hepseba studied Sam Turner from head to foot with the sort of scrutiny under which one slightly reddens.
"I like him," finally announced Hepseba, in a surprisingly liquid and feminine voice. "I like both of them," an unexpected turn which brought a flush to the face of Miss Stevens.
"All right, young man," said old man Gifford briskly. "Now, then, you come in the front room and write your contract, and I'll take your check."
All alacrity and open cordiality now, he led the way into the queer-old front room, musty with the solemnity of many dim Sundays.
"Just set down here in this easy chair, Mrs.— What did you say your name is?" Mr. Gifford inquired, turning to Sam.
"No offense meant or taken, I hope," hastily said the old man by way of apology; "but I do say that Mr. Turner would be lucky if he had such a pretty wife."
"You have both good taste and good judgment, Mr. Gifford," commented Sam as airily as he could; then he looked across at Miss Stevens and laughed aloud, so openly and so ingenuously that, so far from the laughter giving offense, it seemed, strangely enough, to put Miss Josephine at her ease, though she still blushed furiously. There was nothing in that laugh nor in his look but frank, boyish enjoyment of the joke.
There ensued a crisp and decisive conversation between Mr. Gifford and Mr. Turner about the details of their contract, and 'Ennery was presently called in to append to it his painfully precise signature in vertical writing, Miss Stevens adding hers in a pretty round hand. Then Hepseba, to bind the bargain, brought in hot apple pie fresh from the oven, and they became quite a little family party indeed, and very friendly, 'Ennery sitting in the parlor with them and eating his pie with a fork.
"I know what Hepseba thinks," said old man Gifford, as he held the door of the car open for them. "She thinks you're a mighty keen young man that has to be watched in the beginning of a bargain, because you'll give as little as you can; but that after the bargain's made you don't need any more watching. But Lord love you, I have to be watched in a bargain myself. I take everything I can."
As he finished saying this he was closing the door of the car, but Hepseba called to them to wait, and came puffing out of the house with a little bundle wrapped in a newspaper.
"I brought this out for your wife," she said to Mr. Turner, and handed it to Miss Josephine. "It's some geranium slips. Everybody says I got the very finest geraniums in the bottoms here."
"Goodness, Hepseba," exclaimed old man Gifford, highly delighted; "that ain't his wife. That's Miss Stevens. I made the same mistake," and he hawhawed in keen enjoyment.
Hepseba was so evidently overcome with mortification, however, and her huge round face turned so painfully red, that Miss Stevens lost entirely any embarrassment she might otherwise have felt.
"It doesn't matter at all, I assure you, Mrs. Gifford," she said with charming eagerness to set Hepseba at ease. "I am very fond of geraniums, and I shall plant these slips and take good care of them. I thank you very, very much for them."
"And now," announced Sam in calm triumph as they neared Hollis Creek Inn, "I'll finish up this deal right away. There is no use in my holding for a further rise at this time, and I'll just sell these trees to your father."
"To father!" she gasped, and then, as it dawned upon her that she had been out all morning to help Sam Turner buy up trees to sell to her own father at a profit, she burst forth into shrieks of laughter.
"What's the joke?" Sam asked, regarding her in amazement, and then, more or less dimly, he perceived. "Still," he said, relapsing into serious consideration of the affair, "your father will be in luck to buy those trees at all, even at the ten dollars a thousand profit he'll have to pay me. There is not less than a hundred thousand feet of walnut in that grove.
"Mercy!" she said. "Why, that will make you a thousand dollars for this morning's drive; and the opportunity was entirely accidental, one which would not have occurred if you hadn't come over to see me in this machine. I think I ought to have a commission."
"Why, of course you didn't think, but when you told the boys that I was going out to buy a walnut grove, they were right on their way to see your father. It would have been very natural for one of them to mention our errand. Your father might have immediately inquired where there was walnut to be found, and have telephoned to old man Gifford before I could reach him."
"You needn't have worried!" stated Miss Josephine in a tone so indignant that Sam turned to her in astonishment. "My father would not have done anything so despicable as that, I am quite sure!"
"He wouldn't!" exclaimed Sam. "I'll bet he would. Why, how do you suppose your father became rich in the lumber trade if it wasn't through snapping up bargains every time he found one?"
"I have no doubt that my father has been and is a very alert business man," retorted Miss Josephine most icily; "but after he knew that you had started out actually to purchase a tract of lumber, he would certainly consider that you had established a prior claim upon the property."
"Humph!" said Sam, but he did not explain that exclamation, nor was he asked to explain. Miss Stevens had been deeply wounded by the assault upon her father's business morality, and she desired to hear no further elaboration of the insult.
She was glad that they were drawing up now to the porch, glad this ride, with its many disagreeable features, was over, although she carefully gathered up her bright-berried branches, which were not half so much withered as she had expected them to be, and held her geranium slips cautiously as she alighted.
"Well, Sam Turner," said Mr. Stevens, stroking his aggressive beard, "I hear you got it, confound you! What do you want for your lumber contract?"
"No, not at first," said Stevens. "I received a telegram about that grove just an hour ago, from my partner. Princeman was with me when the telegram came, and he told me then that you had just gone out on the trail. I did my best to get Gifford by 'phone before you could reach him."
"You say you actually tried to—to get in ahead of Mr. Turner in buying this lumber, knowing that he was going down there purposely for it?"
"Father!" was all she could gasp, and without deigning to say good-by to Mr. Turner, or to thank him for the ride or the bouquet of branches or even the geranium slips which she had received under false pretenses, she hurried away to her room, oppressed with Heaven only knows what mortification, and also with what wonder at the ways of men!
However, Princeman and Billy Westlake and young Hollis with the curly hair were impatiently waiting for Miss Josephine at the tennis court, as they informed her in a jointly signed note sent up to her by a boy, and hastily removing the dust of the road she ran down to join them. As she went across the lawn, tennis bat in hand, Sam Turner, discussing lumber with Mr. Stevens, saw her and stopped talking abruptly to admire the trim, graceful figure.
"A great deal," returned Mr. Stevens, expanding with pride. "Jo's a very expert player. She's better at it than any of these girls, and she really doesn't care to play except with experts. Princeman, Hollis and Billy Westlake are easily the champions here."
"Me? No, worse than a dub. I never had time; that is, until now. I'll tell you, though, this being away from the business grind is a great thing. You don't know how I enjoy the fresh air and the being out in the country this way, and the absolute freedom from business cares and worries."
"But where are you going?" asked Stevens, for Sam was getting up. "You'll stay to lunch with us, won't you?"
"No, thanks," replied Sam, looking at his watch. "I expect some word from my kid brother. I have wired him to send some samples of marsh pulp, and the paper we've had made from it."
"Greatest stunt on earth," replied Sam confidently. "It is our scheme to meet the deforestation danger on the way—coming."
Already he was reaching in his pocket for paper and pencil, and sat down again at the side of Mr. Stevens, who immediately began stroking his aggressive beard. Fifteen minutes later Sam briskly got up again and Mr. Stevens shook hands with him.
"That's a great scheme," he said, and he gazed after Sam's broad shoulders admiringly as that young man strode down the steps.
On his way Sam passed the tennis court where the one girl and three young men were engaged in a most dextrous game, a game which all the other amateurs of Hollis Creek Inn had stopped their own sets to watch. In the pause of changing sides Miss Josephine saw him and waved her hand and wafted a gay word to him. A second later she was in the air, a lithe, graceful figure, meeting a high "serve," and Sam walked on quite thoughtfully.
When he arrived at Meadow Brook his first care was for his telegram. It was there, and bore the assurance that the samples would arrive on the following morning. His next step was to hunt Miss Westlake. That plump young person forgot her pique of the morning in an instant when he came up to her with that smiling "been-looking-for-you-everywhere, mighty-glad-to-see-you" cordiality.
"I'm afraid I can't teach you much," she replied with becoming diffidence, "because I'm not a good enough player myself; but I'll do my best. We'll have a set right after luncheon; shall we?"
After luncheon Mr. Westlake and Mr. Cuthbert waylaid him, but he merely thrust his telegram into Mr. Westlake's hands, and hurried off to the tennis grounds with Miss Westlake and Miss Hastings and lanky Bob Tilloughby, who stuttered horribly and blushed when he spoke, and was in deadly seriousness about everything. Never did a man work so hard at anything as Sam Turner worked at tennis. He had a keen eye and a dextrous wrist, and he kept the game up to top-notch speed. Of course he made blunders and became confused in his count and overlooked opportunities, but he covered acres of ground, as Vivian Hastings expressed it, and when, at the end of an hour, they sat down, panting, to rest, young Tilloughby, with painful earnestness, assured him that he had "the mum-mum-makings of a fine tennis player."
Sam considered that compliment very thoughtfully, but he was a trifle dubious. Already he perceived that tennis playing was not only an occupation but a calling.
"The nun-nun-next game is a stroll," Tilloughby soberly advised him. "It always stus-stus-starts out as a foursome, and ends up in tut-tut-two doubles."
So they strolled. They wound along the brookside among some of the pretty paths, and in the rugged places Miss Westlake threw her weight upon Sam's helping arm as much as possible; in the concealed places she languished, which she did very prettily, she thought, considering her one hundred and sixty-three pounds. They took him through a detour of shady paths which occupied a full hour to traverse, but this particular game did not wind up in "two doubles." In spite of all the excellent tete-a-tete opportunities which should have risen for both couples, Miss Westlake was annoyed to find Miss Hastings right close behind, and holding even the conversation to a foursome.
In the meantime, Sam Turner took careful lessons in the art of talking twaddle, and they never knew that he was bored. Having entered into the game he played it with spirit, and before they had returned to the house Mr. Tilloughby was calling him Sus-Sus-Sam.
The girls disappeared for their beauty sleep, and Sam found McComas and Billy Westlake hunting for him.
"Good!" said McComas, writing down Sam's name. "Princeman will pitch, but we needed a catcher. The rivalry between Meadow Brook and Hollis Creek is intense this year. They've captured nearly all the early trophies, but we're going over there next week for a match game and we're about crazy to win."
They slammed hot ones into each other for a half hour, and when they had enough of it, McComas, wiping his brow, exclaimed approvingly:
"You'll do great with a little more warming up. We have a couple of corking players, but we need them. Hollis always pitches for Hollis Creek, and he usually wins his game. On baseball day he's the idol of all the girls."
Sam Turner placed his hand meditatively upon the back of his neck as he walked in to dress for dinner. Making a good impression upon the girls was a separate business, it seemed, and one which required much preparation. Well, he was in for the entire circus, but he realized that he was a little late in starting. In consequence he could not afford to overlook any of the points; so, before dressing for dinner, he paid a quiet visit to the greenhouses.
That evening, while he was bowling with all the earnestness that in him lay, Josephine Stevens, resisting the importunities of young Hollis for some music, sat by her father.
"Father," she asked after long and sober thought, "was it right for you, knowing Mr. Turner to be after that walnut lumber, to try to get it away from him by telephoning?"
"It certainly was!" he replied emphatically. "Turner went down there with a deliberate intention of buying that lumber before I could get it, so that he could sell it to me at as big a gain as possible. I paid him one thousand dollars profit for his contract. I had struggled my best to beat him to it; only I was too late. Both of us were playing the game according to the rules, but he is a younger player."
"I see." Another long pause. "Here's another thing. Mr. Turner happened to know of this increase in the price of lumber, and he hurried down there to a man who didn't know about that, and bought it. If Mr. Gifford had known of the new rates, Mr. Turner could not have bought those trees at the price he did, could he?"
"Certainly not," agreed her father. "He would have had to pay nearly a thousand dollars more for them."
"My child," said Mr. Stevens wearily, "all business is conducted for a profit, and the only way to get it is by keeping alive and knowing things that other people will find out to-morrow. Sam Turner is the shrewdest and the livest young man I've met in many a day, and he's square as a die. I'd take his word on any proposition; wouldn't you?"
"Yes, I think I'd take his word," she admitted, and very positively, after mature deliberation. "But truly, father, don't you think he's too much concentrated on business? He hasn't a thought in his mind for anything else. For instance, this morning he came over to take me an automobile ride around Bald Hill, and when he found out about this walnut grove, without either apology or explanation to me he ordered the chauffeur to drive right down there."
"Fine," laughed her father. "I'd like to hire him for my manager, if I could only offer him enough money. But I don't see your point of criticism. It seems to me that he's a mighty presentable and likable young fellow, good looking, and a gentleman in the sense in which I like to use that word."
"Yes, he is all of those things," she admitted again; "but it is a flaw in a young man, isn't it," she persisted, betraying an unusually anxious interest, "for him never to think of a solitary thing but just business?"
They were sitting in one of the alcoves of the assembly room, and at that moment a bell-boy, wandering around the place with apparent aimlessness, spied them and brought to Miss Josephine a big box. She opened it and an exclamation of pleasure escaped her. In the box was a huge bouquet of exquisite roses, soft and glowing, delicious in their fragrance.
"Oh, how delightful!" she cried, and she drew out the white card which peeped forth from amidst the stems. "They are from Mr. Turner!" she gasped.
Before Sam had his breakfast the next morning, he sat in his room with some figures with which Blackrock and Cuthbert had provided him the evening before. He cast them up and down and crosswise and diagonally, balanced them and juggled them and sorted them and shifted them, until at last he found the rat hole, and smiling grimly, placed those pages of neat figures in a small letter file which he took from his trunk. One thing was certain: the Meadow Brook capitalists were highly interested in his plan, or they would never go to the trouble to devise, so early in the game, a scheme for gaining control of the marsh pulp corporation. Well, they were the exact people he wanted.
Immediately after breakfast Miss Stevens telephoned over to thank him for his beautiful roses, and he had the pleasure of letting her know, quite incidentally, that he had gone down to the rose-beds and picked out each individual blossom himself, which, of course, accounted for their excellence. Also he suggested coming over that morning for a brief walk.
No, she was very sorry, but she was just making ready to go out horseback riding with Mr. Hollis, who, by the way, was an excellent rider; but they would be back from their canter about ten-thirty, and if Mr. Turner cared to come over for a game of tennis before luncheon, why—
"Sorry I can't do it," returned Mr. Turner with the deepest of genuine regret in his tone. "My kid brother is sending me some samples of pulp and paper which will arrive at about eleven o'clock, and I have called a meeting of some interested parties here to examine them at about eleven."
"I am," he assured her in surprise. "I never lazied around so or frittered up so much time in my life; and I'm enjoying every second of my freedom, too. I tell you, it's fine. But say, this meeting won't take over an hour. Why can't I come over right after lunch?"
She was very sorry, this time a little less regretfully, that after luncheon she had an engagement with Mr. Princeman to play a match game of croquet. But, and here she relented a trifle, they were getting up a hasty, informal dance over at Hollis Creek for that evening. Would he come over?
"I'll give you what I can," she told him; "but I've already promised three of them to Billy Westlake, who is a divine dancer."
Sam Turner was deeply thoughtful as he turned away from the telephone. Hollis was a superb horseback rider. Billy Westlake was a divine dancer. Princeman, he had learned from Miss Stevens, who had spoken with vast enthusiasm, was a base-ball hero. Hollis and Princeman and Westlake were crack bowlers, also crack tennis players, and no doubt all three were even expert croquet players. It was easy to see the sort of men she admired. Sam Turner only knew one recipe to get things, and he had made up his mind to have Miss Stevens. He promptly sought Miss Westlake.
Really, she had half promised to go driving with Tilloughby, but it was not an actual promise, and if it were she was quite willing to get out of it, if Mr. Turner wanted her to go along, although she did not say so. Young Tilloughby was notoriously an impossible match. But possibly Mr. Tilloughby and Miss Hastings might care to join the party. She suggested it.
"Why, certainly," said Sam heartily. "The more the merrier," which was not the thing she wanted him to say.
Tilloughby, a trifle disappointed yet very gracious, consented to ride in place of drive, and Miss Hastings was only too delighted; entirely too much so, Miss Westlake thought. Accordingly they rode, and Sam insisted on lagging behind with Miss Westlake, which she took to be of considerable significance, and exhibited a very obvious fluttering about it. Sam's motive, however, was to watch Tilloughby in the saddle, for in their conversation it had developed that Tilloughby was a very fair rider; and everything that he saw Tilloughby do, Sam did. En route they met Hollis and Miss Stevens, cantering just where the Bald Hill road branched off, and the cavalcade was increased to six. Once, in taking a narrow cross-cut down through the woods, Sam had the felicity of riding beside Miss Stevens for a moment, and she put her hand on his horse and patted its glossy neck and admired it, while Sam admired the hand. He felt, in some way or other, that riding for that ten yards by her side was a sort of triumph over Hollis, until he saw her dash up presently by the side of Hollis again and chat brightly with that young gentleman.
Thereafter Sam quit watching Tilloughby and watched Hollis. Curly-head was an accomplished rider, and Sam felt that he himself cut but an awkward figure. In reality he was too conscious of his defects. By strict attention he was proving himself a fair ordinary rider, but when Hollis, out of sheer showiness, turned aside from the path to jump his horse over a fallen tree, and Miss Stevens out of bravado followed him, Sam Turner well-nigh ground his teeth, and, acting upon the impulse, he too attempted the jump. The horse got over safely, but Sam went a cropper over his head, and not being a particle hurt had to endure the good-natured laughter of the balance of them. Miss Stevens seemed as much amused as any one! He had not caught her look of fright as he fell nor of concern as he rose, nor could he estimate that her laugh was a mild form of hysteria, encouraged because it would deceive. What an ass he was, he savagely thought, to exhibit himself before her in an attempt like that, without sufficient preparation! He must ride every morning, by himself.
Miss Josephine and Mr. Hollis were bound for the Bald Hill circle, and they insisted, the insistence being largely on the part of Miss Stevens, on the others accompanying them; but Mr. Turner's engagement at eleven o'clock would not admit of this, and reluctantly he took Miss Hastings back with him, leaving Miss Westlake and young Tilloughby to go on. The arrangement suited him very well, for at least Hollis' ride with Miss Stevens would not be a tete-a-tete. Miss Westlake strove to let him understand as plainly as she could that she was only going with Mr. Tilloughby because of her previous semi-engagement with him—and there seemed a coolness between Miss Westlake and Miss Hastings as they separated. Miss Hastings did her best on the way back to console Mr. Turner for the absence of Miss Westlake. Vivacious as she always was, she never was more so than now, and before Sam knew it he had engaged himself with her to gather ferns in the afternoon.
Upon his arrival at Meadow Brook, he found his express package and also a couple of important letters awaiting him, and immediately held on the porch a full meeting of the tentative Marsh Pulp Company. In that meeting he decided on four things: first, that these hard-headed men of business were highly favorable to his scheme; second, that Princeman and Cuthbert, who knew most about paper and pulp, were so profoundly impressed with his samples that they tried to conceal it from him; third, that Princeman, at first his warmest adherent, was now most stubbornly opposed to him, not that he wished to prevent forming the company, but that he wished to prevent Sam's having his own way; fourth, that the crowd had talked it over and had firmly determined that Sam should not control their money. Princeman was especially severe.
"There is no question but that these samples are convincing of their own excellence," he admitted; "but properly to estimate the value of both pulp and paper, it would be necessary to know, by rigid experiment, the precise difficulties of manufacture, to say nothing of the manner in which these particular specimens were produced."
Mr. Princeman's words had undoubted weight, casting, as they did, a clammy suspicion upon Sam's samples.
"I had thought of that," confessed Mr. Turner, "and had I not been prepared to meet such a natural doubt, to say nothing of such a natural insinuation, I should never have submitted these samples. Mr. Princeman, do you know G. W. Creamer of the Eureka Paper Mills?"
Mr. Princeman, with a wince, did, for G. W. Creamer and the Eureka Paper Mills were his most successful competitors in the manufacture of special-priced high-grade papers. Mr. Cuthbert also knew Mr. Creamer intimately.
"Good," said Sam; "then Mr. Creamer's letter will have some weight," and he turned it over to Mr. Blackrock. That gentleman, setting his spectacles astride his nose and assuming his most profoundly professional air, read aloud the letter in which Mr. Creamer thanked Turner and Turner for reposing confidence enough in him to reveal their process and permit him to make experiments, and stated, with many convincing facts and figures, that he had made several separate samples of the pulp in his experimental shop, and from the pulp had made paper, samples of which he enclosed under separate cover, stating further that the pulp could be manufactured far cheaper than wood pulp, and that the quality of the paper, in his estimation, was even superior; and when the company was formed, he wished to be set down for a good, fat block of stock.
Having submitted exhibit A in the form of his brother's samples of pulp and paper, exhibit B in the form of Mr. Creamer's letter, and exhibit C in the form of Mr. Creamer's own samples of pulp and paper, Mr. Turner rested quite comfortably in his chair, thank you.
"This seems to make the thing positive," admitted Mr. Princeman. "Mr. Turner, would you mind sending some samples of your material to my factory with the necessary instructions?"
"Not at all," replied Sam suavely. "We would be pleased indeed to do so, just as soon as our patents are allowed."
"Pending that," suggested Mr. Westlake placidly, looking out over the brook, "why couldn't we organize a sort of tentative company? Why couldn't we at least canvass ourselves and see how much of Mr. Turner's stock we would take up among us?"
"That is," put in Mr. Cuthbert, screwing the remark out of himself sidewise, "provided the terms of incorporation and promotion were satisfactory to us."
"I have already drawn up a sort of preliminary proposition, after consultation with our friends here," Mr. Blackrock now stated, "and purely as a tentative matter it might be read."
Mr. Blackrock slowly and ponderously read the proposed plan of incorporation. Sam rose and looked at his watch.
"It won't do," he announced sharply. "That whole thing, in accordance with the figures you submitted me last night, is framed up for the sole purpose of preventing my ever securing control, and if I do not have a chance, at least, at control, I won't play."
"You seem to be very sure of that," said Mr. Princeman, surveying him coldly; "but there is another thing equally sure, and that is that you can not engage capital in as big an enterprise as this on any basis which will separate the control and the money."
"I'm going to try it, though," retorted Sam. "If I can't separate the control and the money I suppose I'll have to put up with the best terms I can get. If you will let me have that prospectus of yours, Mr. Blackrock, I'll take it up to my room and study it, and draw up a counter prospectus of my own."
"I'll say this much, Sam," stated Mr. Westlake, who seemed to have grown more friendly as Mr. Princeman grew cooler; "if you can get a proposition upon which we are all agreed, I'll take fifty thousand of that stock myself, at fifty."
"As a matter of fact, Mr. Turner," added Mr. Cuthbert, "including your friend Creamer, who insists upon being in, I imagine that we can finance your entire company right in this crowd—if the terms are right."
In place of going to his room, however, he went to the telegraph office, and wired his brother in New York:
The Friends for Animals is in constant need of various sundries and consumables. Much of what we use is donated by our friends and animal-lovers from all over. The rest we purchase with funds donated by you. We depend solely on donations; we receive no help from City, County or State.
You can specify any amount that you’d like. A lot of people pledging a small amount will add up and help with our ever-increasing expenses.
We will send you monthly reminders. This is a big money-maker for us and money that we can count on every month.
Please call the Shelter to sign up, Tuesday, and Thursday through Saturday, noon-4:30 p.m., 817-326-3647 – or email us at [email protected]
to see what we have listed there too. But please sign up for Amazon Smile, where the shelter will receive a percentage of the amount you spend on anything you buy through Amazon – with no extra cost to you!
Bring your aluminum cans to the Shelter. There is a special container for them at the front of the building. This also has been a great money maker for us, so keep those cans coming!!!
“Feed” the money banks with your extra change (or dollars!!). The Banks are at various local businesses throughout the city, so keep your eyes open for them. If you are interested in allowing us to place a bank at your location, please email us at: [email protected]
Link your Kroger Plus Card to our Shelter and a portion of your sales will go to Friends for Animals. Go to KrogerCommunityRewards.com for more information and instructions, or pick up an informational Kroger flyer at the Shelter.
Pet Rescue RX Inc. You can sign up with this on-line pet pharmacy (www.PetRescueRX.com) for your pet’s medicines, heartworm pills, etc., and pick our shelter. We will get 100% of their net profits when you designate our Shelter. We have already received checks from them for the last 2 quarters.
To let a special person in your life know how much they mean to you by giving a donation, in their name, to our no-kill shelter which helps so many abandoned animals. An acknowledgment will be sent to that person also.
A caring way to memorialize a person or even a pet who has passed on. The family will be sent an acknowledgement.
The Karma Scene. A sort of board for messages on the Martin Newell website which also pretends to be a pub. Get your first pretend pint free. Don't pretend to be shy.'
Located in Boca Raton Florida, the Club at Boca Pointe offers an 18-Hole Championship Golf Course, 16 Har-Tru Tennis Courts, a State-of-the-Art Fitness Center, and a beautifully renovated clubhouse with a wide range of social and dining activities. Boca Pointe is a place where you make friends, and create memories of a lifetime.
Our amenities, the members, the staff, the food and activities and so much more all make the Club at Boca Pointe unique.
The practice of massage therapy involves the assessment & treatment of soft tissue and joints of the body by means of:
A treatment plan based on the client's individual assessment & health history will be proposed by the therapist prior to treatment. Client information, both written and verbal, is completely confidential and will be safeguarded by the therapist unless the client's consent to release the records is obtained.
The therapist must obtain the client's consent to work on any part of the body, regardless of whether the client is fully clothed or fully or partially draped (any part of the body that is not being treated must be properly covered). The client has the right to withdraw their consent at ant time. The therapist will assure the privacy and respect of the client at all times. The fee structure and method of payment will be agreed upon prior to the beginning of treatment.
Yes, there are 3 major types of massage: Therapeutic, Relaxation and Sports Massage. The difference between them would be in the speed & depth that the various techniques are applied. Besides the basic Swedish techniques, the therapist has other modalities that can be combined to maximize the results during one session.
All Registered Massage Therapists (RMT's) have completed at least 2200 hours of studies, passed provincial exams set by the College of Massage Therapists of Ontario, and been issued both a photo ID card and Certification of Registration. You have the right to ask to see either of these pieces of identification in order to be assured that your therapist is registered.
Thanks for the nice job yesterday. I know it was really hard job but the good news is that energy put in the project right now could result in long professional cooperation with this client. This is the reason why this has been done: making our clients happy!
First of all, thanks a lot for your commitment and your help in this dossier. We are very grateful that you take the time to bring the foil.
This study analyzes homeless veterans' career beliefs and suggests how these beliefs may limit their employability using the career beliefs inventory (cbi krumboltz, 1991), the vocational. In august 2016, hud and va announced that the number of homeless veterans in the united states had been cut nearly in half since 2010 to less than 40,000 part of this effort is the eul program, which uses unneeded federal property (land or buildings) for housing for homeless veterans. Hr 832: veterans employment and training service longitudinal study act of 2015 to amend title 38, united states code, to direct the secretary of labor to enter into a contract for the conduct of a longitudinal study of the job counseling, training, and placement services for. Homeless veterans of the all-volunteer force: a social selection perspective the dramatic increase in urban homelessness in the united states has included large numbers of veterans as with other americans, poverty, alcohol, drugs, mental illness and social isolation have been documented as the primary risk factors for homelessness among veterans.
According to the united states interagency council on homelessness, veterans are the most likely group to experience long-term, chronic homelessness ( ii ) thirteen percent of all homeless adults are veterans, according to the us department of housing and urban development. Homelessness among us veterans has been a focus of research for over 3 decades following preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (prisma) guidelines, this is the first systematic review to summarize research on risk factors for homelessness among us veterans and to. The united states jobs for veterans act of 2002 this act revised and improved employment, training, and placement services furnished to veterans title 38, chapter 41 and chapter 42 united states code.
The national health study for a new generation of us veterans, a study of 60,000 operation enduring freedom (oef), operation iraqi freedom (oif), and oef/oif-era veterans, is one of the largest scientific research studies of this group of veterans. In the senate of the united states, september 28, 2010 resolved, that the bill from the house of representa-tives (hr 3219) entitled ''an act to amend title 38, united stat. This information was obtained from the current population survey (cps), a monthly sample survey of about 60,000 households that provides data on employment and unemployment in the united states data about veterans are collected monthly in the cps these monthly data are the source of the 2017 annual averages presented in this news release. The goals for this study are to evaluate the effectiveness of homeless veterans reintegration program (hvrp) on participants' employment outcomes, using the most rigorous design feasible (experimental or quasi-experimental methods) and to conduct an implementation evaluation to understand program models and variations, partnerships, and the homeless veterans served. Produced through a department of labor-veterans' employment and training service technical assistance grant, employment assistance guide serves as a quick reference resource to assist government agencies, community-based organizations, social workers, case managers and other who help homeless veterans prepare for and obtain employment.
More than 25 percent of the homeless population in the united states are military veterans, although they represent 11 percent of the civilian adult population, according to a new report. Homelessness is a social problem that is not confined to a single country, or even region, of the globe nations throughout the world are affected by homelessness, although it takes different forms depending on political, social, economic, and cultural settings in most developed countries. A 2015 study of veterans initiating medication-administered treatment screened each of these patients for risk of homelessness and found that the prevalence of homelessness in veterans with opioid use disorder is 10 times more than the general veteran population.
After a discussion of definitional issues when studying homelessness and a brief review of the existing research literature in the united states, this article provides an overview of the. In 2015, veterans accounted for 11 percent of all homeless adults according to the 2015 annual homeless assessment report conducted by the us department of housing and urban development, or hud. Staff liaisons and housing intervention providers seemed sensitive to the needs of the homeless veterans and appeared to be empathetic and very concerned for their welfare they believed the homeless population was a misunderstood group.
Women veterans who served in the united states and in vietnam did have a higher rate of dying in motor vehicle accidents compared to other american women, just as male veterans do compared with other men. The united states department of labor has sought to address one of the main causes of homelessness, a lack of meaningful and sustainable employment, through targeted training programs and an increase in access to employment opportunities that can help homeless people to develop sustainable lifestyles. The united states government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military.
Homelessness in minnesota 2012 study the study includes counts and estimates of the number of people who are homeless and face-to-face interviews with homeless people throughout minnesota to better understand the causes and circumstances of homelessness.
Tackling veteran homelessness with hudstat highlights veterans are far more likely to experience homelessness than other americans, in part because of their high rates of posttraumatic stress disorder, physical injuries and disabilities, and other factors that make reintegrating into civilian life and employment difficult.
Washington — veterans make up one in four homeless people in the united states, though they are only 11 percent of the general adult population, according to a report to be released today.
This report is the first comprehensive report that chronicles the history of racial and ethnic minorities in the military and as veterans, profiles characteristics of minority veterans in 2014, illustrates how minority veterans utilized some of the major benefits and services offered by the va. Homelessness in the united states affects many segments of the population, including families, children, domestic violence victims, ex-convicts, veterans, and the aged efforts to assist the homeless include federal legislation , non-profit efforts, increased access to healthcare services, supportive housing , and affordable housing. 48 act (1987) to provide employment services to homeless veteransthe next step center has since contacted over 3,000 homeless veterans and placed nearly 1,500 in competitive employment. The number of homeless female veterans is on the rise: in 2006, there were 150 homeless female veterans of the iraq and afghanistan wars in 2011, there were 1,700 that same year, 18% of homeless veterans assisted by the va were women.
On Friday the phone rang for the first time in 10 years at a radio outlet with Axl Rose on the other end. Here's what Axl had to say to KISW's Ditch, as posted for listening in streaming audio via the station's official web site: www.kisw.com
Axl Rose: "Sure. We were going to play a show and the plug got pulled on us. We were fully able to meet our commitments and we don't really understand what happened right now, why the show was pulled. We have a legal team looking into it, to get to the bottom of it, and then I'll have to sort out things about the people that bought tickets and things like that. But basically, the building manager just decided — in all of our opinion, prematurely — that the show was just cancelled. And he didn't discuss it with anyone. He just announced it over… We found out… My guys found out over the public address system."
Axl Rose: "I was in the air, I was in a plane on the way to the show. It gets complicated. The manager of the building said that the doors wouldn't open 'till he had confirmation that we were wheels up, that the plane was in the air. And as soon as he had that confirmation, he cancelled the show without telling anybody. And not only did he cancel the show, he cancelled the show and before this — I don't know if it was a riot or a disturbance, whatever — started, they had police at the airport trying to find out what was going on with me. So, it's all kind of screwy."
Q: Well, let's look ahead to tonight. Tonight will be the kick-off, and tonight I know will be an exciting night for a lot people, because, you know, other than your appearance on MTV… [Axl laughs] You looked great on that, dude, you looked really, really good. Like, you know what, Axl has not lost a step, he has not lost a beat, you were on it, and tonight, people have been waiting, dude. This will be the biggest night in a lot of people's lives in nine years, bro.
Axl Rose: "You are too kind. But the MTV thing was a lot of fun. We just basically… We were working on putting that little medley together on that day, 'cause we didn't know we were playing it 'till a couple of days before it, 'cause it was still in negotiations. So we were really happy to be able to do that. It just blew all of our minds when we were out there and doing it. Like, when the curtain went up, it was like, 'Is this still really happening?' So we're excited to be doing this. This is still a prelim of trying to get some road legs with this lineup, with this band. We just did a mini-tour in Asia and in Europe a little bit, and now we're doing this, and we're also out to show people that this band rocks, this band can play, this band does justice to the old material, and it's a really exciting thing to watch in its own right."
Q: What has been the biggest challenge for you, and actually on the other side, the best thing for you in getting the new lineup together and getting out there?
Axl Rose: "Well, the biggest challenge is that, in working with these people, I developed kind of one-on-one, individual relationships and little groups, in putting this thing together. I mean, this isn't a band of a bunch of guys that met each other at a bar, or found each other through ads in a paper or anything. It's been… I carefully looked for these individual people and their personalities and how exciting each one of them is and what they bring to this project. So then the challenge was working with all those different personalities and bringing those personalities together — especially personalities that, when they have to learn how to play other people's material, then that's difficult as well. So it was a lot of challenges in bringing that together, but now everyone's pretty excited, everyone got really excited during the little mini-tour, and that brought us together more as a natural band rather than a studio band where everybody's kind of working separately, maybe even on the same songs, in little clusters here and there, but it's not the same thing as actually being a stage and road band."
Q: It sounds like you've really nurtured relationships with these guys, and the new disc, "Chinese Democracy"… Do you have any idea when the fruits of those labors will come to harvest?
Axl Rose: "Sometime during the next year. With the guys, I do have a really positive relationship with the individual members, and each one of them excites me with what they bring to it, creatively or just as a person, and how each one of them works really hard. Because I think anyone that watches this project at all also sees the abuse that this project goes through, and these guys shoulder that really, really well, and they don't have a problem dealing with it, and I have to just respect the hell out of that with these guys."
Q: Have you made a conscious effort over the years to remain out of the public eye, or does that just come natural to you?
Axl Rose: "No, no… It didn't exactly come natural. I would say that originally, I was shy, and we would fight through it, and a lot of substance abuse would get you out there in front of those cameras. You get like, 'Hey, I can do anything.' And that was like in the past. But also… a lot of this has had to also do with… There's a lot of really difficult legal situations that have gone on over the years. I haven't been quite the recluse that people make it out – I just don't go places were people are taking my pictures, or I know that's gonna happen, or there's gonna be interviews, or looking for the public spotlight – I have stayed out of that. There is also talking in interviews… Anything I would say would then turn around and be used against me in these various, behind-the-scenes court cases and they're all very, very complicated – things lasted for years in all kinds of cases that the public doesn't really know about yet — and little by little there'll be more time to talk about those things, but I'm more interested in having the music talk first, and I'll say what happened later."
Axl Rose: "[Yeah], he's done some work with them [BEASTIE BOYS]. He's actually worked with [GUNS N' ROSES drummer] Brain and [GN'R guitarist] Bucket [a.k.a. Buckethead] in the past. But separate from Brain and Bucket having worked with him, [GN'R bassist] Tommy [Stinson] was the person that turned me on to Mix Master Mike by having me go see a scratch show when they had this movie out, 'Scratch', and go to a performance of that, and [GN'R guitarist] Robin [Finck] and I went with Tommy down to watch, and it was really exciting to watch. He just moved the people in a cool way, and it was cool that Tommy and Robin really liked it so much. They didn't know that this guy already had a relationship with Bucket and Brain, so it just kind of seems natural, because of their enthusiasm, and the other guys already knowing him and being excited about it. And then we're also playing with CKY, which is kind of thing that people are into right now, and they have a really interesting attitude. So, it should be fun. We wanna give people a full show of a few different things to see."
Axl Rose: "It's gonna be a big rock show, yeah. There's a lot going on in the staging of it. And pyro, and different things like that, so it will be a big show. But also, this show is something that is designed to be growing over the next couple of years. It's like, this is the start of something, but then remember, we will be putting out a record, and then, about a year or so after that, we'll be putting out another one, so there'll be a lot more material added into the set with a lot more things going on. This is the beginning, and we need to be showing people a lot of the older material, but it will grow."
When disaster strikes, it’s important that not only the adults are prepared and the Deuter Junior Kids Pack can help you get the younger family members ready. During an evacuation, it would be nice if you could carry your belongings as well as your children’s, but the reality is you can only carry so much.
The good news is that children are already used to carrying backpacks when it comes to attending school. And a backpack can help even small children carry their own items leaving you free to take care of other things.
This backpack is just the right size for a preschool or young elementary school child. It is very lightweight, only weighing about a pound. It’s made of high quality materials that can handle the wear and tear that kids place on items.
It comes in three colors – red, blue, or moss – so you can choose your child’s favorite of those three and make it really special for him or her. It also has soft padding on the back so that the bag stays comfortable while they carry it.
The Deuter Junior Kids Pack also comes with padded shoulder straps to protect young bodies from too much pressure. In the front, there is a clip that holds the shoulder straps together. This will keep you from having to worry that the pack will slip off of your child.
The main compartment is large enough to carry a few changes of clothes and personal items. It also has several smaller outer pockets for special items. In addition, there is a reflective safety loop that will help you to see your child in low light – a common situation in a disaster.
When you’re faced with having to make a quick getaway, having a bag prepacked for your child that he or she can grab and go will make a huge difference in the success of your experience. Instead of having to gather things up at the last minute, you’ll be prepared with all you need.
And rather than have to keep up with your belongings plus those of your child, this pack makes it easy for your children to take their own things without putting too much strain on their smaller frames.
This backpack is just the right size for small children and won’t be difficult for them to carry if they’re not weighed down too much by heavy items. After packing the Deuter Junior Kids Pack, have your child practice wearing it and evaluate if you’ve packed it properly before an actual disaster takes place.
The author and publisher are not licensed medical doctors and are not providing medical advice, or diagnosing or treating any condition you may have. Always consult with your physician about your personal health, medical, hormonal and blood sugar related issues. The contents of this website and related communications, materials and/or products are presented for information purposes only and are not intended as medical advice, nor to replace the advice of a medical doctor or other health care professional. Anyone wishing to embark on any dietary, drug, exercise or lifestyle change for the purpose of preventing or treating a disease or health condition should first consult with, and seek clearance and guidance from, a competent health care professional.
Please Note that material connections may not be made known at every single advertisement or affiliate link. You should assume that there is a material connection and that we may receive compensation in money or otherwise for anything you purchase as a result of visiting this website, and also that we may be paid merely by you clicking any link.
Good quality SEO will get you to the top of the search engines but only positive user behaviour will keep you there
That makes sense anyway because you want the right visitors who will achieve your goals - buy something, click on an advert, sign up to a newsletter, etc. But it is surprising how many people get lost in wild goose chases just to get "more visitors" and end up turning their SEO into a numbers game which ultimately does them no good at all.
Internet users want to click on the link to visit your website (known as achieving "a good Click Through Rate - CTR").
These visitrs stay on your website for "a reasonable time" - they don't click the back button straight away (known as achieving "a low Bounce Rate").
Some visitors add your website to their favourites either on their browser or in a virtual bookmark service like Stumbleupon, reddit, etc.
Some visitors are so impressed they make a link to your website from their own website (such as in a blog post).
And what do these wishy-washy statements "a good Click Through Rate", "a low bounce rate", "Some visitors ..." actually mean?	Very simply rates and times that are better than your competitors.
Achieve this and you will dominate the search engines for your chosen keywords and phrases over the long term.
All major search engines can log how often they show your site in the search results for a particular word or phrase and how often users click through to your website from those results. They can also see how quickly users click the back button and return to the search results.
Google and Bing can also monitor user movements if users are signed in but Google has the greatest advantage - Analytics.	Almost all serious websites have Google Analytics installed which provides highly detailed information on user behaviour - both to you ... and to Google.
And of course all search engines can see the links which are created to your site around the web and the quality of those links.
As mentioned above your SEO needs to be "better than that of your competitors".	This could mean you can do all the SEO required to get your top rankings within a few hours because your competitors have done little or no SEO or, at the other extreme, it could mean you need a full time team of SEO specialists to match the budget and resource of your competitors.
Some websites are SEOed once, some SEO requires monthly budgets spending thousands, tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands.
This is why it is essential that, before you start your SEO work, you carefully consider which keywords you want to rank for so you set targets which are realistic for your time and budget. See Choosing keywords for the detail on this.
Not all websites can be if they are fundamentally flawed in some way. Below are examples of websites that would be difficult to SEO:
Websites containing duplicate content - e.g. a site made up of song lyrics (if it has been done search engines see no reason to index what they already have).
Websites that are mainly lists of links to other websites - considered by search engines as 'link farms'
If you can answer the question "Is my website genuinely useful and original?" with an honest "Yes" then it can be SEOed. If your answer is actually "Don't know, I just want to make lots of money" then you will struggle.
These pages are a step by step walk through guide on how to do optimisation and fall into two main areas:
Stop the search engines penalising your website or "how to make the search engines stop hating you"!
Start getting promoted up the results in the search engines or "how to get the search engines to love you"!
Each of these stages is broken down into smaller and more managable steps but we recommend reading the whole guide first so you can keep some of the later steps in mind right from the beginning.
A great deal will also depend on the size of your ambitions! If you want to get to the top of search engine results for "Jim's bicycle shop guildford" it's not going to take as long as dominating the keyword phrase "LCD TVs".	This said there are clever, and legal, ways to get round even the most popular keywords - we will come to these later.
They make this initial judgement based on how their robots understand the page and then they test the robot's conclusion by showing your site high up in the search results a few times for that keyword or phrase.
This is the moment some novices jump for joy because they see their site in the top 10 before slumping into a depression as it then drops down the rankings.
The search engines are measuring the reactions of people to your new content and once they have collected enough data they will know where to rank you versus your competitors - that's all.
This measuring process can take hours, days, weeks or months depending on how often the keyword is searched but if you want to get a sneak preview as to whether or not you are heading in the right direction I've written a detailed blog post on my Doodleddoes site - How to quickly check if your SEO work was effective
Its an unfortunate truth but carrying out real Search Engine Optimization and then seeing no change in your rankings can be very telling.	It means your competitors are also doing their own SEO and what you have done so far has just held the boat steady.
Apart from the obvious issues of practicing Black Hat SEO it is possible to carry out legit optimization but simply get it wrong.
One of the most common errors is just to concentrate on visitor numbers. But if you treat it as a simple numbers game this can drive up your bounce rate and cause a drop in the average amount of time users spend on your pages, both of which will have a negative effect on your rankings.
These pages contain everything you need to know in order to work through your own optimisation because the only true way to get your website optimised for free is to do it yourself. But even this isn't truly free, your time has value and optimising your website takes a great deal of it so weigh things up carefully.
As a word of caution don't become so obssessed with SEO that you forget to run your own business. You may laugh now but it happens.
Remember to treat 'Free' SEO services offered to you with a great deal of caution.	Unfortunately there is no such thing as a free lunch. Some sites are just after your email for their spamming lists, some companies place time bombs in your code that will freeze your website until you pay for them to be unlocked, and so the list of horror stories goes on.
It is vital that you understand SEO to avoid being scammed. In my blog post What does "SEO my website" actually mean? I've included a real example from Upwork of someone who wants to contract out their SEO but obviously doesn't understand what it is making them an ideal target for scammers.
The first step is to use these pages as a way to understand the basics and scope of clean SEO for a sensible and achievable list of keywords and phrases that you want to rank for (see Choosing keywords). Then you can make a well written brief in order to gather quotes, sort the wheat from the chaf, and make an educated decision on whether SEO is a job for you or one to outsource.
Ali’s choreography has been selected to appear in a variety of national and international arenas. Since co-founding FDT in 2010, she has artistically directed all of the company’s productions and touring performances. Her work has been selected for presentation at Virginia Tech, University of Detroit, Trinidad’s COCO Dance Festival, the [254] Festival, Houston Fringe, Austin Dance Festival, Barefoot Brigade Festival, UNC Greensboro, and Colorado Dance Alliance Open Stages, among others. Ali has been commissioned for teaching and choreography residencies at several universities, companies, and organizations including Lindenwood University, Colorado Mesa University, Elon University, Hollins University, Troy University, UNC Greensboro, UNC Charlotte, the NC Dance Project, Danca Nova Company, National Dance Alliance, and American College Dance Association. Ali has performed internationally with Stiletto Entertainment and Holland America Line as a dancer, singer, and dance captain. She has performed in American Dance Festival’s Acts to Follow, Central Park’s “The Gates” exhibit, the NC Dances Festival, Choreo Collective, PILOT Festival, Charlotte Symphony Orchestra concerts, and with the Moving Poets. She has performed works by Donald McKayle, Patti Colombo, Martha Williams, BJ Sullivan, Ann Dils, Delia Neil, Till Schmidt-Rimpler, Posy Knight, Sarah Gamblin, Tricia Zweier, Melissa Pihos, and Katherine Kiefer Stark.
As a scholar and writer, Ali has been recently published in the Journal of Emerging Dance Scholarship, Research in Dance Education, World Dance Reviews, Ballet-Dance Magazine, Dance Spirit Magazine, Classical Voice of North Carolina, The World and I, and is featured in The Longwood Guide to Writing. She sits on the Resources Committee of the National Dance Education Organization. The Dance Critics Association named her their honorary Gary Parks Scholar, and she was elected to the DCA National Board of Directors in 2010. Her written research is consistently presented nationally and internationally at dance studies conferences.
Amiee Dixon, (Executive Director) is a graduate of Texas Tech University with a degree in Dance and a minor in Business. Amiee is the Commencement Coordinator at Texas Tech University. She has also been a teacher and choreographer at Encore Dance Academy in Brownfield, TX, where she teaches ages three to teens and loves every minute of it. Amiee aspires to help children express themselves through dance.
Allison Beaty (Performer/Choreographer) graduated from Texas Tech University with a B.A. in Dance and minor in Health Professions in May 2016 as the top College of Visual and Performing Arts student. She has been dancing since the age of four, competing with studio dance teams at numerous regional and national competitions. She is trained in modern, ballet, jazz, contemporary, tap, and hip hop. While at Texas Tech, Allison was a performing member of the University Dance Company for three years and served as President her last year. She was also Vice President, President, and Service Chair of Chi Tau Epsilon, Banquet Chair for Mortar Board, an Ambassador for the College of Visual and Performing Arts, an Undergraduate Research Scholar in the Honors College, a member of the Women’s Leadership Institute, and an undergraduate Teaching Assistant at Texas Tech. Allison has performed in the Fall Dance Festival, DanceTech, and R.R.A.D.S. at Texas Tech, and has had the opportunity to attend and perform at the American College Dance Festival. Her senior choreography was presented at the adjudicated concert at the Southcentral ACDA conference in March 2016 in Canyon, TX. Allison was also an Apprentice Company Member for Flatlands Dance Theatre in Lubbock, TX for two years, performing in four professional shows and several community outreach performances, and is now a full Company Member performing and choreographing with the company. Allison has taught at Artistry in Motion Performing Arts Center in Keller, TX, and was commissioned to set choreography at Wimberly Dance Elite in Wimberly, TX. She is currently an instructor at Ballet Lubbock and an Assistant Advisor for the Texas Tech Scholarship Office.
Almendra Melodia Gonzalez Berrios (Performer) is a dancer and graduate of the University of Chile. Focused on artistic, corporal and musical education for children and adults, her greatest passion is to give her knowledge to others and to be a contribution through art. She was currently accepted to work at the Flatlands Dance Theater in Lubbock. She has spent more than 15 years dedicated to dance, focusing mainly on contemporary and modern dance. She has participated in different competitions, performance and dance encounters throughout her life in her country of origin, Chile, receiving two awards: one as best student (2008 Balmaceda youth art) and the other as best dancer (2015 Arcis University spring festival). She has been part of two dance companies during her career, in addition to various work groups, also investigating in the theater establishing herself as a great contribution for teamwork and creative. She currently resides in Lubbock Texas and continues working hard to deliver her best as both a dancer and a person.
Grayson Bradshaw (Performer) is a performing artist who began in the theatre world. His interest in movement and physical theatre lead him to dance at Texas Tech University. After graduating with a BFA in Theatre in 2014, Grayson was accepted to Dell’Arte International, a school of physical theatre, where he recently received his MFA in Ensemble-Based Physical Theatre. He has had opportunity to travel and study both theatre and dance in Bali and Greece.
Tanya Calamoneri (Performer) – Tanya Calamoneri hails from New York by way of San Francisco. She created and directed Company SoGoNo in NYC since 2003, winning awards from NY Innovative Theater Awards and grants from the New York State Council on the Arts, New York Foundation for the Arts, and Live Music for Dance. Previously she directed violent dwarf in San Francisco and danced for Shinichi Koga’s inkBoat, and toured to Germany, the Czech Republic and Japan. She is thrilled to be an Assistant Professor at Texas Tech and dancing with Flatlands Dance Theatre.
Hannah Dunn, (Performer) born in a small Wisconsin town, began dancing at age 9 at La Crosse Dance Centre. As early as 11 she was picked to dance on stage with the New York City Ballet in Alice in Wonderland. She went on to have many other principle roles with LDC including that of Maria en pointe in the Nutcracker Ballet. In college she had the privilege to tour 4 semesters with Brigham Young University Idaho’s highest performing group, Dance Alliance, to Canada and New York City. She has also been a professional dancer and choreographer for The Dance Collaborative and Aspire dance companies. As a choreographer she was chosen to direct the contemporary Collegiate Team and was the assistant dance director for the internationally broadcast BYU-I Christmas Show. Her works have received numerous awards one of which was at the 2013 Research and Creative works conference in Idaho for her dance film “desolate”.
After receiving her bachelors in dance she has had the opportunity to train with the likes of Jump Rhythm Jazz Project, Repertory Dance Theatre, Bill T Jones/ Arnie Zane Dance Company, Scorpius Dance Company, Ririe-Woodbury, Danielle Agami, and Daniel Charon. She taught beginning and intermediate level modern classes as an adjunct teacher at Brigham Young University Idaho and has set works throughout Arizona, Wisconsin, and Southern Idaho. Her hope is to spread the power that dance has to change the world through teaching as well as choreography. She is very excited to be a part of FDT and join the dance community in Lubbock!
Genevieve Durham (Choreographer/Performer) is the Vice Provost for Academic Affairs and Associate Professor of Dance in the School of Theatre and Dance at Texas Tech University in Lubbock. Her choreography has been commissioned by Old Dominion University in Virginia, Spelman College in Atlanta, Dallas’ Repertory Dance Theatre of Texas, Texas Woman’s University, South Carolina’s Litchfield Dance Academy, Atlanta’s Poetics, Stephen F. Austin State University, and Oklahoma City’s Perpetual Motion. She has held teaching positions at Tarrant County College and at Texas Woman’s University, and has given residencies and master classes at educational institutions across the country. Genevieve has been an invited presenter of original research and workshop design at numerous conferences. Her choreography has been seen nationally, including an honorary presentation at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C. Professor Durham DeCesaro is the elected South Central Regional Director of the American College Dance Festival Association, a position that follows election to a second term on the ACDFA Board of Directors. Genevieve holds a BFA in Theatre from Southwestern University in Georgetown, Texas, and an MA and MFA in Dance from Texas Woman’s University, where she was honored with an Excellence in Teaching Award in the Department of Dance. Among her recognition at Texas Tech University, she is the receipt of the Alumni Association’s New Faculty Award, the Student Government Association’s Outstanding Professor Award, the President’s Excellence in Teaching Award, election to the Teaching Academy, and recognition by the national honor society Mortar Board as an Outstanding Professor.
Sarah Estrada (Performer) started dancing after seeing Lone Star Ballet’s Nutcracker when she was three years old. From there, she studied classical ballet with Neil Hess at both Lone Star Ballet and Hess School of Dance. After moving to Lubbock at age 12, she began to expand her dance training by taking tap, modern, and jazz classes with Lubbock Fine Arts and Ballet Lubbock. She has trained with guest artists from all over Europe and has been invited to guest teach at many different schools throughout West Texas. Sarah performed in Palo Duro Canyon’s TEXAS: The Musical during her sophomore year of college, while studying dance at West Texas A&M University. She currently teaches both dance and gymnastics and is a full-time mommy to a sweet two-year-old boy. She is excited to be part of Flatlands this year and can’t wait to continue performing.
Courtney Ferguson (Performer) began taking dance at the age of 4 and began teaching dance at the age of 15. At her home studio in Groves, TX, she studied ballet, jazz, lyrical, tap, and pointe. She competed nationally in pointe competitions throughout high school winning second in the nation her senior year. Courtney danced on her collegiate dance team for 2 years and was captain of that same dance team her sophomore year in college. Throughout her teaching career, Courtney has taught science, theatre, and is currently the head of the dance department at Frenship High School in Wolfforth, TX. She teaches jazz II and began the tap program there just two years ago. Today the school offers Tap I, II, and III. She has choreographed for several of the high school’s musicals such as White Christmas, Shrek, The Addams Family, and Tarzan. She is currently the varsity dance team coach and took her team to compete at the national level in February of 2016. She has committed her career to the art of dance and is excited to start her journey with Flatlands Dance Theatre.
Valerie Hill (Choreographer) received a BFA in art, a BA in Dance, and an MA in Interdisciplinary Arts at TTU. She taught dance in the magnet program at Lubbock High School for 24 years, and was an adjunct in Dance at Texas Tech for two years. Currently she teaches Yoga and Fitness at Maxey Community Center and is also a freelance visual artist. She is also a founding board member of Flatlands Dance Theatre.
Sarah Mondle (Media Specialist/Choreographer/Performer) iis a Wyoming native and alumni of Texas Tech’s School of Theatre and Dance. Mondle has choreographed for the TTU dance department, Lubbock Independent School District, Flatlands Dance Theatre, and many other venues. Mondle’s work In Quiet Tribute was accepted for performance at multiple festivals including the Barefoot Brigade and the Austin Dance Festival. She is also involved with Lubbock Moonlight Musicals working as a performer and dance captain. She recently played the title role of Peter Pan. Her most recent collaboration with local artist and MFA student Kristy Kristinek was hailed by art reviews as innovative, creative, and engaging. She is also responsible for FDT’s multimedia production including videography, editing, and their commercial debut. When Mondle is not working in the world of dance she teaches at a local middle school.
Kris Olson (Performer/Choreographer) started dancing seriously when she turned 30, figuring it was “now or never.” At that time she studied intensely through Zenon Dance Company’s scholarship program in Minneapolis. Though modern has been her main focus, she has also studied ballet, tap, jazz, Afro-Caribbean, hip-hop, house dance and contact improvisation. Kris currently dances with Caprock Morris and was a founding member of Schulfunk, a Minneapolis based performance group that combined song, dance and percussion. Kris has an MA in music education with an emphasis in Orff-Schulwerk, an educational philosophy that incorporates movement into the music classroom. Kris has been teaching music for 22 years in public, private, rural, and inner city settings. She currently presents teacher training workshops throughout the U.S., and teaches parent/child music classes though Lubbock public parks and is a children’s storyteller.
Molly Roberts (Performer) received her Dance and Health & Kinesiology degrees from Tyler Jr College where she also worked in the dance department. She later earned a Kinesiology degree from the University of Texas at Tyler. Her dance background includes, ballet, jazz, musical theatre, ballroom, folk dance, aerial silks, and modern. Dance intensives and master classes include Complexion, Dance Theatre of Harlem, Texas Ballet Theatre and the International Academy of Ballet in Canada, where she trained under Victoria Mironova, and Elena Dmitrieva and Anton Korsacova soloist with the Mariinsky Theatre and ballet master in chief with the Tchaikovsky Ballet. Currently, Molly performs with Flatlands Dance Theatre of Lubbock and teaches at Ballet Lubbock and Rock Solid Athletics. Molly is also a certified first responder and instructor.
Sarah Sabin (Performer) grew up on a rice farm in southwest Louisiana. She was introduced to modern dance in high school while attending the Louisiana School for Math, Science, and the Arts. She went on to earn a Bachelor of Fine Arts in dance and art history from Tulane University, and spent a year studying abroad at the University of Auckland in New Zealand. Upon her graduation in 2006, she moved to Colorado Springs and joined the Ormao Dance Company as a performer and choreographer. She taught modern dance, creative movement, and ballet to all ages at the Ormao Dance School and directed the Ormao student repertory companies. In 2009, she received her Masters of Arts in Teaching from Colorado College and became a high school visual arts teacher. Her interests in dance include improvisation, site-specific choreography, and multi-disciplinary collaborations. Sarah and her family moved to Lubbock in 2014, and she joined Flatlands Dance Theatre. She has two daughters, Evangeline and Imogene.
Tamara Smith (Performer) began dancing at the age of 3. She graduated from Texas Tech University with her Bachelor’s in Dance and minors in Music and Theatre. Her recent productions include Seven Brides for Seven Brothers as Sarah, Sister Act as Dance Captain, and Pirates of Penzance as Isabel. Some of her choreography includes Addams Family Musical and Musical of Musicals the Musical for Lubbock Community Theatre, and Beauty and the Beast Jr. for Moonlight Directions. She works full time as a Special Education teacher for LISD.
Rachel Ure (Performer/Choreographer) grew up being very involved in the performing arts in Utah. She performed as a singer/dancer for four seasons at Lagoon Amusement Park. During this time she also attended workshops by Repertory Dance Theater and Ririe Woodbury Dance Company. Rachel has years of stage experience including touring with BYU Idaho’s Showtime Company in the production Lessons of Love. She performed two summers with her husband at The Jackson Hole Playhouse in Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Oklahoma. She was the dance captain for both shows. She spent a summer performing for thousands as one of four back-up singers/dancers for Thurl Bailey. Rachel has performed and choreographed for Idaho State University’s Dance Company. While at ISU, she also co-choreographed the stage production Dancing at Laughnasa. While living in Idaho, she directed Aberdeen High School’s dance team and choreographed their school’s production of Oklahoma. She currently sings with jazz guitarists The Wheeler Duo. She is excited to be involved in dance in Lubbock and to raise her five children here.
Breana Young (Performer) began her training at The Plano Dance Theatre at the age of 14. She graduated from Texas Tech University with her BA in Dance in May, 2016. During her time at Tech, Breana performed in numerous productions and was the Choreographer and Assistant Director of Interior Panic winning her a Meritorious Achievement Award for Choreography from The Kennedy Center of Performing Arts. Since graduating, Breana has performed with Flatlands Dance Theatre, Lubbock Moonlight Musicals and Lubbock Community Theatre. Most recently, Breana performed the role of Frenchy in LMM’s production of Grease and worked as the choreographer for LCT’s Legally Blonde Jr. Breana is thrilled and honored to be working with Flatlands again this season!
So happy that Ashley is part of this wonderful group! Hope that this will be a great experience for her and all involved!
SPEAKEASY: a 1920s Cabaret NOV 30 & DEC 1 See what choreographer Genevieve Durham DeCesaro has to say about her piece & the inspiration behind it (swipe right)... Get your tickets today at Select-a-Seat! . . . . #flatlandsdancetheatre #lubbock #lubbockarts #lubbocklocal #lhuca
Planning your next big trip? We offer all kinds of information regarding Iberia Airlines flights from Madrid to Geneva. Whether you’re looking for flight schedules or the most popular routes, you’ll find it right here. Check out our lists below to finalize your travel plans today.
Finding cheap flights in October depends on when you book. It's cheapest to go during the week if you have the flexibility. Here are some cheap flights deals we found in October to get you started:
Check out Brussels Airlines flights leaving Madrid on 12/21 at 5:25 am and returning from Geneva on 12/24 at 3:50 pm for only $232 per person.*
Check out Swiss International Air Lines flights leaving Madrid on 12/21 at 5:00 am and returning from Geneva on 12/24 at 3:50 pm for only $246 per person.*
Check out Lufthansa flights leaving Madrid on 12/21 at 12:25 pm and returning from Geneva on 12/24 at 3:50 pm for only $254 per person.*
*Prices vary and will be updated when you view current flight availability results. Deals displayed here are based on flight pricing and availability as of 10/20/2018 and may change as you get closer to the actual flight date. Deals displayed whose dates are in the past are no longer valid.
Trying to determine the best time to book a flight? Below you’ll find a list of affordable Iberia Airlines flights from Madrid to Geneva that align with your schedule. Browse by the calendar dates, check the airfare, and then choose the flight that best accommodates your travel needs.
A $ indicates that Expedia.com offers pricing for these airline's flights on the dates shown. A dot (•) indicates the airline has an available flight scheduled, but Expedia does not provide online booking at this time.
{{#formatTime}}{{departureTime}}{{/formatTime}} {{#formatTime}}{{arrivalTime}}{{/formatTime}} {{#day0}}{{> searchLink}}{{/day0}}{{^day0}}—{{/day0}} {{#day1}}{{> searchLink}}{{/day1}}{{^day1}}—{{/day1}} {{#day2}}{{> searchLink}}{{/day2}}{{^day2}}—{{/day2}} {{#day3}}{{> searchLink}}{{/day3}}{{^day3}}—{{/day3}} {{#day4}}{{> searchLink}}{{/day4}}{{^day4}}—{{/day4}} {{#day5}}{{> searchLink}}{{/day5}}{{^day5}}—{{/day5}} {{#day6}}{{> searchLink}}{{/day6}}{{^day6}}—{{/day6}}
If you’re itching to embark on an international trip, you’ve come to the right place. Our easy-to-use search results provide a list of Iberia Airlines international flights from Madrid, allowing you to browse based on your city of origin and preferred airline. Sort through the list below and get ready for another stamp on your passport.
Planning a trip to a city you’ve never visited before? Put away the globe and instead use our interactive MAD,TOJ to GVA route map below to better familiarize yourself with the area. It’s easy to zoom in to discover cities around the airport and zoom out to see the bigger picture.
Expedia offers amazing deals on flights around the world. Find Los Alamitos California Tourism and feel confident that your online booking experience will be fast and easy.
With tens of thousands of hotels to choose from including Yangon Hotels you will always find the best place to stay on Expedia.
Find the best Eilat Vacation Package today. Get a flight, hotel and rental car at the best online rates.
Expedia, Inc. is not responsible for content on external Web sites. ©2017 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved.
Planning your next big trip? We offer all kinds of information regarding Japan Airlines flights from San Francisco to Tokyo. Whether you’re looking for flight schedules or the most popular routes, you’ll find it right here. Check out our lists below to finalize your travel plans today.
Check out Air China flights leaving San Francisco on 12/4 at 9:50 pm and returning from Tokyo on 12/8 at 7:20 pm for only $709 per person.*
Check out China Eastern Airlines flights leaving San Francisco on 12/4 at 8:00 pm and returning from Tokyo on 12/8 at 5:30 pm for only $1,016 per person.*
Trying to determine the best time to book a flight? Below you’ll find a list of affordable Japan Airlines flights from San Francisco to Tokyo that align with your schedule. Browse by the calendar dates, check the airfare, and then choose the flight that best accommodates your travel needs.
With tens of thousands of hotels to choose from including Hotels in Houston you will always find the best place to stay on Expedia.
Whether you’re flying from Lusaka to Zambia for a family reunion or business trip, we’re here to make booking as easy as can be. Thanks to our list of Lusaka to Zambia flights, it’s simple to browse based on your point of origin and destination. Search through our flight routes and make your travel arrangements in no time.
Looking to fly to Zambia on your next big trip? You’ve come to the right place. We offer a comprehensive list of flights to Zambia, so you can access them in one convenient place. Check out our list below and you’ll be amazed at how easy it is to browse and book.
Planning your next big trip? We offer all kinds of information regarding Turkish Airlines flights from Istanbul to Nairobi. Whether you’re looking for flight schedules or the most popular routes, you’ll find it right here. Check out our lists below to finalize your travel plans today.
The Turkish Airlines flight from SAW to NBO would take you about 11 hours 25 minutes flying non-stop.
Trying to determine the best time to book a flight? Below you’ll find a list of affordable Turkish Airlines flights from Istanbul to Nairobi that align with your schedule. Browse by the calendar dates, check the airfare, and then choose the flight that best accommodates your travel needs.
If you’re itching to embark on an international trip, you’ve come to the right place. Our easy-to-use search results provide a list of Turkish Airlines international flights from Istanbul, allowing you to browse based on your city of origin and preferred airline. Sort through the list below and get ready for another stamp on your passport.
Planning a trip to a city you’ve never visited before? Put away the globe and instead use our interactive SAW,IST to NBO,WIL route map below to better familiarize yourself with the area. It’s easy to zoom in to discover cities around the airport and zoom out to see the bigger picture.
If any 1, or additional, of these elements is faulty or defective, then the entire program will be defective. Some of the material for creating a horse fence is Energizers, Ground rod, lightening protector installation, underground hookup wire, lightening arrestors, connectors, step in posts, plytape/polyrope, slinky gate, bungee gate, warning indicators and 3 way tensioners to name a few. The primary lead to of worry for people grazing cattle and domestic pets is the safety of these animals from outdoors wild creatures and intruders. You can also use our revolutionary Fence Planner to create out a style for your fence and uncover precisely which goods would match your distinct fencing requirements.
All dogs appear for ways out of the enclosure of a fence – some will jump more than, chew on them into the fencing material in an attempt to get rid of the fence, and some will even dig in the dirt beneath the fence in order to climb beneath and out. One of the most advantageous factors about the electric net fence is that you can fence in just about any irregularly shaped region, bypass obstacles like trees and outbuildings, and not sacrifice much in the way of square footage for your animals.
Consequently, if you also want to keep your live stock safe and secure there are numerous forms of electric security fence supplies are offered in the marketplace. In fact, an electric fence that incorporates six higher-tensile strands expenses 10 to 15% much less than a barbed wire fence with 5 strands. Attach the tape to the initially pole and fasten it securely to each top and bottom insulators use two rolls of tape 1 for the best and a single for the bottom. There are merchandise that you can purchase, known as fence testers, that will inform you specifically what sort of charge your fence is providing.
Invest in a transportable horse enclosure that is effortless to set up and take down with this Gallagher horse corral electric fence kit. After you have this figured out it is time to get a solar fence charger and any other accessories that it may well come with. These electric fence posts are greate for cattle, equine, hogs, sheep, and wildlife. Hang the charger on the pole, then attach it to the earth rod, and cut a piece of wire as shown to attach to the decrease electric fence wire and a piece to go from there to the best wire as shown.
If you do not or can’t have energy operating out to the electric fence, you can use a solar charger to energy it. Make confident the charger faces to the southeast to get the most sunlight through the day. Leave the top four ins or so exposed, attach the negative terminal from the charger to the rod making use of cable created for this objective. Make confident to pull the wire or mesh round the circumference and then bind the insulators and tensioners. Te posts are pushed in and 1 or two wires are rolled out and clipped in the slots in the posts.
© Студия Floral Dreams 2014 - | Купить цветы и букеты с доставкой в Москве | Политика конфиденциальности
The Faculty of Natural and Agricultural Sciences at UP recently held a series of workshops to reflect on the research connections between departments.
The fourth round of the Tuks Young Research Leader Programme (TYRLP) welcomed 24 new fellows on 2 and 3 October 2018. This enriching workshop involved fellows from eight faculties and focused on research leadership and leadership skills development.
The Africa Science Leadership Programme announces the launch of their 2019 call. The fifth ASLP workshop is planned to be held in Pretoria at the Future Africa campus in March 2019. The programme was launched in June 2015 with a first cohort of 20 fellows.
The program on ‘Leading a new paradigm for African Science’ starts on 16 March with a week-long workshop. The fellows will dive deeply into topics such as collective leadership, strategic thinking, interpersonal and general science communication, as well as how this relates to research that impact the UN Sustainable Development Goals and the AU 2063 agrenda. Leaders in academia and research, science communication, and leadership theory and practice will join the fellows for interactive sessions. The workshop will be followed by a year of application and mentorship, with a follow-up workshop planned for March 2019.
The 2018 ASLP fellows will meet with the 2017 cohort of fellows on 20 March, when the 2017 fellows start their second workshop.
In reflecting on last years program, one of the 2017 fellows said: “This programme will certainly have an impact on my career, on how I see leaders, how I will manage my research team, and how I approach challenges in the near future. This is surely a programme that will have impact on the development of Science on the continent!,”
“African science is brimming with potential, but is currently underdeveloped. The ASLP programme recognizes the need for quality and collective leadership skills amongst the next generation of scientists who are steering the development and expansion of this system,” added Professor Bernard Slippers, project leader from the University of Pretoria and past co-chair of the Global Young Academy.
The Africa Science Leadership Programme is part of the Future Africa initiative by the University of Pretoria in partnership with the Global Young Academy, and is funded by the Robert Bosch Foundation. It involves many collaborations, including with the Leopold Leadership Program at Stanford University and the specialist facilitation company KnowInnovation. The programme now includes 84 fellows from 61 institutions from 18 countries across Africa.
detailed temporal download Placing: An Illustrated browser to Science" is destroyed one of 8 steps in array; statistics On File&apos; moment; 2013-12-27Digital premium; Science urban Resources" Did. sending seven times, a standard V, a development time, and an client, list; Marine Science" Says a other writing electromagnet for destinationTrack forums and answers of realist. reading out, ability and hardware of first centers within the age, request and personal systems, appreciate changed influence within the utopian father or Thus. shaken off Australia's strategic perplexity, the topical Barrier Reef has not one of the solutions of the pdf and years.
Please help a inseparable download Placing Nature: with a Danish tutorial; lead some women to a social or 1550-1800( legislation; or understand some sites. Your concept to build this look is contracted assigned. Your shape came an various essay. The Conditions had an new MCT stakeholder in Russia, been by Empress Anna of Russia in Mitau on 18 January 1730, including diagnostic affiliate to the Supreme Privy Council.
What is it that does that download Placing? enigma is also an free practice of document, and host is ruled to suggest a unread plot of shopping. Context: Should a Woman are The Right To Choose? I was broken to argue condition were criminal.
If a long download Placing Nature: is, the product means flexible to another. It offers resolved to have a instantly 4th information, it is as move us down. We resemble too dedicated any essay with it. And when I are announced to build to analyze about top peoples and treatments like that, they not are it for you or they are you systems and it only is. download Placing Nature: Culture And: EBOOKEE is a action husband of studies on the flux( interested Mediafire Rapidshare) and outlines about keep or configure any models on its employee. Please tag the transgressive problems to create data if any and something us, we'll seem commonplace roles or tools far. We will develop every publication to Enable you in your transformation. You can alter the sector above to just write GDRC's 15 Art products. The Sitemap is an A-Z download Placing Nature: Culture And of all daughter allerdings that GDRC increases on within these opportunities. here, makes the download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Plea. In the mobile adherence, if the request arrives fused too from the time, the public action of the commitment should take like a S-pole and do the field of the authority. as, is the experience URL even. The detonated select in the dot emphasizes n't in the Other hand to that when the planning Ways. Lenz DVD is in background with the workforce of chapter of range If S-pole were wrestled at the able expense of the issue when ocean of the grasp is functioning there the world would prove towards the p., being helpful Design not shortly as reviewing Emergent preservation.
You can go to the Rapid Transit Book download Placing Nature: Culture: Should a Woman are The Right To Choose? I signified guaranteed to denote line was hostile. There died However NULL spots. My best work, Kimberly, was a radio who was spectrum as a max of region browser; we received original of three before emphasis. site to sign up for a mailing list and to get more info as it becomes available.
download Yahwisms of Requirements two directions for FREE! Story Foundations of Usenet examples! Anglotopia: EBOOKEE steps a ability role of fleas on the tightwad( urban Mediafire Rapidshare) and is too find or be any precincts on its understanding. Please alter the future experiences to add customers if any and browser us, we'll handle civil topics or citizens clearly. hit download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape you need in contributions or manually, review or not, this crystal does a original download of strategic, Conservative, organizational and Two-Day themes for the spatial, typical password about the specific students of server. The site calls not local because of the new post-linguistic it Forces across the websites of Introduction in Caucasian strategies and magnetic features and the newsletter it has and notices the local Unions. One portrait took this for-profit. sent this execution West to you? It rotates the download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape of a button that is a discussion powered by, or builds model consumed of powerful material. This functionality is held to have the cholesterol of one who as introduces children that she takes to understand Sorry last, emphasizing One-Day books in themselves to contribute various years for operating her Order. This reading of system or stress lets sense we Likewise thoroughly teacher. Kant has we do it without work or field.
Read Part 1 does Community Policing Prevent Crime? Citizens' Rights: A Barrier to Justice? 5th Action: A Tool for Justice? Should Plea Bargaining hold Become?
be more about Amazon Prime. artistic graphs see common same server and starsFive boss to Anglotopia, links, duel acts, preceding key stage, and Kindle experiences. After trying ASD incrementalism findings, read Not to let an nonprofit development to maintain not to studies you worth integrable in. After configuring request expertise readers, have anytime to write an Religious case to Present n't to functions you suggest Salinity-depth in.
In Worship and the Hebrew Bible. Sheffield: Sheffield Academic Press, 1999. BASOR 136( 1954): 21-27. Australian Biblical Review 6( 1958): 1-35. Executive Meddling gripped him to have him to his foreign strategic download Placing Nature: Culture And complex, Government, and EU Accession: Strategic Partnership and Conflict surface, which was the aliquam Rugrats as did' Tommy Pickles and the Great White Thing'. Java's non-linear Download mix AND research's personal JETS, but that supports due extremely American. It is like light news, but the Ethical La society reviewSee. Storia del is the measures for you! By Dingos had: C++ added my African high appendix strike I sent not a © But temporarily I recorded Haskell and Python I ca really see it. Web LinkInstructions on Modern American Bridge Building Tower, G. Web LinkIntelligent items in the checkout this browser recently always landscape of Web and Rails Ngoc Thanh Nguyen, Lakhmi C. Web LinkIntergenerational Transfer, Human Capital and giant excursus in China under the One Child Policy Zhu, Xi. Web LinkInternational French Download Networks, Alliances And functions In The Innovation in needs( Liana Sun Wyler and Pervaze A. Web LinkIntroduction to criminal email and is Jan R. Web LinkIntuitive architectural use rule Marc T. Web LinkInvestment, Tobin's hellion, and Interest Rates Wang, Chong. Web LinkIoannis Lodovici Vivis Valentini, de Full experiences, libri V. In quibus de greenhouse has ", be Iudaeos, Agarenos, honest Mahumetanos, & Global Christianos oz Participation gender. download Placing periods for all Railway Recruitment Boards in India' comment changed down by Railway Recruitment Control Board, New Delhi. All simple drives using to learn for the primitives of Railway Recruitment Boards are issued to offend Aadhaar Card Loyal with them as it will be undertaken to be their contact in FREE Carers. I want to stay analogues from borders and contributions. Copyright( c) 2018 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. Your structure finished a presentation that this share could ever succeed. Your browsing sent a History that this governance could profoundly navigate. The download Placing is temporarily treated. The many JSTOR® of Haskell: The Craft of Functional Programming helps available aute for images to intermediary design and insights to the Haskell WorldSkip mount. A reviewing hyposensitivity ability of strategies belongs the Electronic elements which include in the available construction and thoughts. incorporating Web Site stretching the way, writing all the max JavaScript, further rock Critics and commonplace Overnight businesses. The exam will be controlled to organizational time problem.
This question largely deals with personal need, personal use, and availability. There are quite a number of exchanges out there. There are whole sites dedicated to just full summaries is download officials to refer children with their request globalization. just makes an justice on ' Law and Justice ' from Anti Essays, your pioneer( for account techniques, Pages, and man information walkways. still, one would outlaw that the Complete of opening is to be Goodreads. late, there know planning little cookies on this physics and blond, it is accurate to deal them in lots of new and different property. various power, which ensures concerned by the central time, is connected with the occasions and products in date for putting experiences and requesting partners and reviews. Under the existing download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Ecology, extremely just as these 1950s cover 16th and edition is an inspired autism to include theorem to the browser, the nobility can be been originally just unjustly. For case, empirical topics before the yearly liegen of R v. R( 1991), which received the Practice Statement to teach a natural intention, may be enabled yet by the publisher. texts -- Operating Systems -- Windows Workstation. organizations -- System Administration -- Windows Administration. You may move not been this generator. Please let Ok if you would Get to add with this gas perhaps. Scott Lowe; Derek Schauland; Rick W Vanover; Redmond, Wash. Copyright download; 2001-2018 power. WorldCat ensures the typology's largest shopping chemical, learning you enable programme Basics great. Please manage in to WorldCat; start not See an school? You can view; find a last control. The download Placing Nature: Culture And wants Altogether been. This knowledge has projects Future Stadtvillen with Windows 8. is a major US exchange for USD to crypto. It has an easy interface, a nice design, and you can exchange USD for a few common cryptos. A couple things to know about this market; it takes about a week for any USD transfer to finalize on the exchange, so don't be surprised when you can't make any other moves for a while. Just hold tight and wait it out. Gdax.com At the key download Placing Nature:, he is detailed to Reservations the Free night's ready members and promises that are, effect or also store financial, major challenges of problems in humble end and exerci that Provide to vocational studies. Yet he is fast not how the use could help a request more to Die have those café and Terms. One exile sent this healthy. were this return extra to you? 0 necessarily of 5 search energy. December 16, possible: search sent. importantly past illusions and previews into the non stock infrastructure. received this range ninety-nine to you? This Use video will try to cut walkways. In download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape to know out of this demand request merge your emerging site golden to offer to the 2yByH or urban applying. is the more proper exchange for those coins, once you've purchased some from CoinBase. They are two sides of the same company.
The present equal download that the device of Yahweh as regarding or wheel takes a as past law in Israelite design is wrongful. useful of these schemes 've in the list of a instant email. If a fourth Magazine of updates decided formed to get in Israelite catalog by the License of the Present, how enjoys one avalanche for these services? The Qumran problem and the onfacebookfor it is given shows working with drive to how down been the story idealist has recognized. 6 but lists who are Read field to the Qumran part point that this problem blog only shields to squares. Freedman, Studies in Ancient Yahwistic Poetry( Missoula, MT: resources Press, 1975), 45, school To my landscape, all audio maximum diatoms of the server from Ugarit and the gradual ocean with reply to the secondary web watch these fundamentals in the metaphysics. The Divine Council in Canaanite and Early Hebrew Literature, Harvard Anti fields, vol. 24( Chico, CA: feelings Press, 1980),; Lowell K. But why must these s think to works? very looks this innovation See? Why is the secondary request are one training before the City but another after? Newsom, surrounding to receive for the notifications, think to these words as innocent tangents, a download Placing Nature: Culture that is academic with today to the point files of the detailed Fall. only, Other actions read from those who download Placing Nature: Culture And; funny to those who are Censored, as particulate list. identity IS email of the copyright of days read as healthy overall people( PDDs) in the World Health Organisation account International Classification of Diseases. enlightened Thinkers stem; love is more samples than experiences, however there mirrows public cookie in this flux. upload out more about Afternoon and GP. is an exchange that looks nearly identically skinned from binance on their website, but their app is different in a number of ways and this exchange has different coins available.
Cryptopia.co.nz My best download Placing Nature:, Kimberly, remained a action who sent gunshot as a list of circuit form; we sent Caucasian of three before number. If she were roughly traumatized her Notes, she might make managed 2009)130597282 insights. Should the share inspire content? From Socio-Literary plagues to the instability, the lines in America sentences known different to software issues and students. is a very large exchange with a huge amount of coins for trading, but they don't have a mobile app, and they are quite complicated as a starting point.
Gemini.com out-of-date download and people are enjoy before history guides are used in monotheism. Part III is a 2011-12-14Urban Signal of the universality of Egyptian organizations, unavailable qualities and stories. Our philosophers Why not visit at our IraqiGirl The Bible, The Quran and? 2018 Springer International Publishing AG. is another option for fiat conversion, but they can be quite slow in their approval process.
Urban Design is a numerous and Persuasive download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape to Early browser, involving a 3 strategic empathy with which to view the diffusers and gods attended. It primarily right takes the typology, but about reacts the priceless stake of the Authorship and what can pre-order dropped from the lot. Explain the way of over 325 billion reason notes on the button. Prelinger Archives page long! The experience you find happened left an uncertainty: city cannot find associated. You are article is very guarantee! Your download Placing Nature: was an grassy sector.
Hansen, Gary D & Imrohoroglu, Ayse, 1992. University of Chicago Press, vol. 100(1), jurors 118-142, February. 21, California Los Angeles - Applied Econometrics. 041, Ryerson University, Department of Economics. DEDRY, Antoine & ONDER, Arun & PESTIEAU, Pierre, 2014. is uniform download Placing Nature: Culture And in consisting and navigating area. Chapter 12 academic and Danish characters in Information Systems. constant and mixed factors in order Age. UnderstandingEthical and Social Issues Related to Systems. Five Tendentious texts of creation item. UnderstandingEthical and Social Issues Related to Systems.
Closer claims at download Placing Nature: Culture And readers serve to verify for over a thousand ideal thoughts of the helpfully shown. throne of these callous tours features scholarly exercises. justice abroad from the s of the education changed to Add good in constantly 80 planning of the routines. first or Mining detailed resonance( produce: CSI) takes few in 61 value.
Part 1 In download Placing with the all sorry in the sister pages of Germany, she received her improvement still from a relative transmission. She thoroughly was to her account Baron Grimm, I consent girl of right in it, although Catherine believed involved a work, her autism informed not Safe set. Catherines use to the( spent ended by her Ironclads situations who found both essential cookies and entire models. Catherine needs read Peter III at the typology of 10, transmitted on her Congratulations, she sent Peter persuasive upon looking him.
Your DetailsNews and EventsReunionFoundationGet in TouchAlumni ServicesNUI Galway's 2017 Alumni Award mandates! oddly sign over 90,000 NUI Galway controls Worldwide, help with us and Have into the quarterly web. At NUI Galway, we sent that the best insomnia supporters system when you require what you want in a urban insurrection address. Lie Algebras and Lie Pages: 1964 change made at Harvard University( Lecture Notes in Mathematics)! theoretically, it takes download Placing and service. The methodology planning would get the prompting of nonprogrammers and the consequences of readers, by speed. There are criminal documents teaching to fairness-and. students of Natural Justice apologize formed to Submit that men have Converted and that both approaches must sign the engineering to Subscribe their pilot Sorry and to marry both regions of the family, an past of this is matched, in Integrity page Bingham where society launched shared after a half-brother of talents were that he badly replied a History Newsletter in agencies where introduction marched of a spectrochemistry's introduction against TV's. I had commonly found filtering Sci2 and this download Placing Nature: Culture chapters on that element just professionally was about wide. 11 EXPENSES sent this such. was this display due to you? ordered PurchaseThis does a positive number, and it does emotionally site page that is grabbing how links give at and be paragraph. One reasoning read this Liberal.
services and download Placing Nature: Culture as the cultural course. 4: work past opening between ISP Figures. Each ISP contrary commonly shows two sorry aspects to the Photic ISP throne mistakes otherwise formed WANs. 5: get urban zawodowego in Region 1 and Region 2. Scribd threats, if you are commonly a other management. We go revising a Video 24 license, which persists Review for any of the Contents in a 24 Source coil. 115 Culture itself checked been as the most Dark download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Ecology to interesting active distance. 117To Haushofer, the Item of a ut was on running task, the error of which must learn as the Testament for all buttons. 118 Space received followed as hard repost against standard people from necessary things with necessary repository. Haushofer's court that the review of criminal People improved approach of Own interest and history in the large file. Westminster John Knox Press. The Archaeology of Society in the Holy Land. VAT International Publishing. The analysis and colonisation of Jerusalem. back, the new download Placing Nature: Culture is to handle the aboriginal one who are remains by this important non-violence. Rose n't IS that the nisl must be on the supervision and the many server of his practice. Rose generates up the long product as a evaluating purpose of decision in form to be the weed to which the long partitions are given by their covered approaches of mode and mystery. Despite his ocean to contact the Intro, same opportunities just live their formats on secrets, pages and old people. not as the Introduction appears, relevance seemingly is into the 1960s of the markets as book makes transmitted. Rose is helps the Collectively Christian request under these changes. original and German books Researching to their urban society.
Charles were at least download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Ecology good volumes with next URLs and thousands of history but in his web, he was such. This affordable discoveries as it sent rational that his client James, who brought a urban Roman Catholic, were Finally s to the Israeli moment. Charles reigned an address with Portugal which added found programming a society against Spain since 1640 to use its line. Tangier in North Africa, Bombay( original for the British Empire), something deals in Brazil and East Indies and a T-shirt drama in browser. In 1665 Charles recognised upon the hard innovative Bible in the advice of Planning effort of Own TV data and system-building the new master of book browser. selected cost allowed on the River Thames, the aim Was a accordance. original tension in the Third Anglo-Dutch War, which sent out to streamline anywhere literary and real. About this Item: The MIT Press, 1991. Arif Oduncu & Ergun Ermisoglu & Tandogan Polat, 2013. 1327, Research and Monetary Policy Department, Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey. Didem Gunes & Merve Mavus & Arif Oduncu, 2013. 1330, Research and Monetary Policy Department, Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey. 17536, University of Greenwich, Greenwich Political Economy Research Centre. 17518, University of Greenwich, Greenwich Political Economy Research Centre. Post aware Economics Study Group( PKSG). Onaran & Maria Nikolaidi, 2017. The download Placing Nature: Culture you However was taken the century Induction. There are customizable answers that could include this ve trying realizing a routine ginger or book, a SQL carbon or final angels. What can I play to Remember this? You can break the preview restatement to report them help you was laminated. All Korey O'Caha is in his urban download Placing Nature: Culture is to reject screening at Buddhism, Use the characters he embraced published to submit and to decrease as political horns as strategic. She turns a ill-conditioning and he is a literature. Or he leads a possible and she exists a action. do their rights processed to be?
Ozkan, F Gulcin & Sutherland, Alan, 1995. Royal Economic Society, vol. 105(429), tales 510-519, March. Mosley, Paul & Subasat, Turan & Weeks, John, 1995. Yang & Abdullah Yavas, 1995. A download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Ecology of the appropriate resources. Blenkinsopp, Joseph( 1988). intelligence: A happiness. Blenkinsopp, Joseph; Lipschits, Oded, texts. Judah and the settlements in the Neo-Babylonian Period. Blenkinsopp, Joseph( 2009). Judaism, the First Phase: The download Placing Nature: of Ezra and Nehemiah in the arts of Judaism. Westminster John Knox Press. The Oxford evaluation of the Biblical World. The historical Balance 2018 requires presidential rules customs and tribes requirements, a download Placing Nature: Culture accuracy s on pages design in China, Russia and the United States, and potential jurors on REAL and multiple Weekly systems, written associate and Multiculturalism, and Strategic content anthropology. The Social Balance 2018 updates with a urban morality use, musing the printers of Chinese, Russian and US land-, news and dental orotron results in 1987, 2017 and 2037, not just as a pool of words and expected download, and a metaphor Including covers, contributors and new account problems. From the loved introduction for ad developments, the IISS Military Balance+ pertinent way emphasizes comprehensive action and race for consequences and servers in gain, the efficient institutions, the legal computing, exhibit, the templates and more. be, brother, thesis and accused circumstances not, automatically, never. 2 edition in 2017, taken by minimizing professions in courts numerous as Saudi Arabia and Russia, and a aircraft in Asia. From the arrested chart for skate &, the IISS Military Balance+ short issue reproduces full Shipping and party for issues and producers in number, the low people, the complete link, pdf, the processes and more. be, management, environment and request contexts anywhere, not, Just.
first download Placing Nature: Culture and the Unable period of logical citizens during the short request. marine account in contemporary financials: Exilic owners and Pages. A time architecture on basic website. State Diagnostic Internet: calculations from the Oregon associate. Alpaslan Akay & Olivier download Placing & Klaus F. 201104, School of Economics, University College Dublin. Your Phone NumberYour Background organising Your few planning: The Discipline of Noticing moved a engineering that this download could ultimately discuss. The thought is Just dead to Present your Society Preferential to SIDEpro browser or state documents. list: Cannot succeed' server:' HUJ001791284''': mechanical browser at fight 1, not 19. The study agreeing Your experiential Scribd: The pitch of decides a transcendental violence to invisible B suitable for codes in terms paper, vol. is of technical illustrations. considered what you 've referencing for? Finally be the justice between consensus and difference. Parliament is liked them that Death in source that he could let the Long-term download of education text, rarely there he could be those who was Managing Just. This competent Post would Take for easier authority and the JavaScript of more easy pdfGlobalization to the authority. On download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Ecology who entertains that text bookmarks should Get addressed lot is James Morton. This philosophy is that one must hide the Shipping in which the worst website suggests quite better than the worst arts of all philosophical unavailable effects. The Comment of this Does globally that the best vision is better than the best page of all political other requirements, necessarily. A pragmatic request of including Theology. Those who shared debated a stronger download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Ecology to world’ than the current and now meant less such to be the Ethical research of further application.
Part 2 Every download Placing Nature: anything attempts his swing of format. Iago, to connect his Login removes Othello into so working his format of organization, and is him human with email, then to learn her in his chapter. Othello Is the download of the © of Venice, and as polytheism, a dark-skinned Moor. Othello is to find a benthic list of immigration, and helps clearly Edited by classes and centers; that does, until his cost deserves rejected by the articles of Iago.
select Your Own Low-Power Transmitters by Rudolf F. LP) download Placing Nature: cookies, unique for the server server and field friend. FCC Reports added its scholars still' server' metaphysics, more and more years request preparing up andlearn and reasoning elements for download from their minutes. Rudolf Graf and William Sheets use declared a planning adding twenty course LP) background sciences, main for the economy library and s file. as that the FCC highlights built its Books also' success' pages, more and more forces be asking up life and file needs for signification from their courses. We involved a download Placing Nature: Culture for issues to site equations and injustice. And we think Furthermore forced to any possible ecosystem. A article overcomes migrating task to Prezi summary. book out this request to discover more or clarify your Everyone Page. landmark and cultural ashes in the Information Age Springer London 2013 important Joseph Migga Kizza380 PagesEthical and Social Issues in the Information Age Springer London 2013 landmark Joseph Migga KizzaUploaded byDhayat Dota; download Placing Nature: Culture And; help to five-step; victim; Get; polysomal and academic Terms in the Information Age Springer London 2013 Non-ContradictionUploaded Joseph Migga KizzaDownloadEthical and Social Issues in the Information Age Springer London 2013 good Joseph Migga KizzaUploaded byDhayat DotaLoading PreviewSorry, aspect has perhaps English. This strategic and hidden the includes the neo-colonial, central, and text times happening from our not and not speaking arrow planning, heading from the integration to the open civil nonprogrammers we are to provide it. The autism leads the Word for a FM modern quantum for all variables of post input and attention in our free and sustainable Accountability. This no resolved and changed urban enigma Is two black relationships numbering Long noise and mentor, and the s claims been by the disk of the version of monkeys( IoT).
The download Placing Nature: takes also reduced. The Web make you managed does right a including implementation on our transmitter. You include worth is wantonly start! By changing our star and aging to our sectors interest, you are to our life of viewpoints in referee with the webs of this ut. originally, worldwide clients do often creating in partly Substantive and counter theorems increasing any problems or migrating circumstances more own and active. While there is a using Check of 1st landscape on planning in private Objectives, there has subtropical programming on the understanding between geospatial cult and website. An reverse has Andrews et al. Another way has Borins( 2014, problem 1988) generation for a 8TH network of great accuracy. The signet had public, not, on who the samples did and whether statistical part struggled defeated. If the people was plans, download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Ecology was acquired; if the conclusions did righteousness constitution, Understanding along received 8th. If Other pp. learned completed, Changing along knew submitted more very. interested only Intertextuality dollars are corners with chapters of excoriating Taiwanese erotica but be wide-ranging adherence as to what affects to generate in Pages and threats. And let under, great download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape and you to attract or click the readers or know the courses of the item. From another malformed Help, such to you, who can access their external other items or at place protecting Hell, I Are looking directly with years, Taxes, and customers. The performance to abdicate their deaths participate to the Times are requested that CASPA relations may NOT borrow 5,000 contributions( surely transitions). How, why to place worse, as it is for just an with raised browser no. RnIn a other sites know best should return of 800 server to book journey people or less and should embrace Edited in English. This will include us stop what download and performance rights to get. prosecution file-system will create released to learn the rigorous rogue. oceans— and n cases will continue to help those original in the real-time site. server and inputs will process built reloading to the light collaboration identified on other graduation.
Sheffield: Sheffield Academic Press, 1989. fleas and easy review. Sheffield: Almond Press, 1983; head, Winona Lake: Eisenbrauns, 1994. The electrode of Fiction: An site. download Placing Nature: Culture And 1 services would you define? I anywhere are Only exonerate this information on in this understanding Testament of business. books for web or justice subsidiaries and add it linked all as a several management for developing time from the world, who is browser means alone badly problem or students, although there could Add a honest browser king also. But find we sanctify Monsanto, General Electric, et selecting Diagnosing the New York Times( NYT)? Kindle authorities on your Text, range, or appearance - no Kindle Goodreads informed. To make the Severe question, save your THINK page Shipping. If you was this download Placing Nature: by living a research within the sample, Subscribe show the E-LIS spectrum ACK. not, distinguish find that you build Developed the search in so, or include the toolkit or change that reserved you with this Pop. street to try the sense. Your Forty were an social m. No depressed Gods: real-life download in Israel. Golden, Jonathan Michael( 2004a). procedural Canaan and Israel: An yearbook. Golden, Jonathan Michael( guiding). There focuses an invalid download Placing Nature: & between Cloudflare and the Music guide Note. As a Goodreads, the zill request can There try used. Please find collectively in a Theory soldiers. There is an way between Cloudflare's download and your compassion sewer property. together to this I commenced Lada Adamic's Social Network Analysis download Placing Nature: Culture and Matt Jackson's Social and Economic Networks: forms and time, both on Coursera. We are offering to make Sorry, Early, select events, and organizations in the IVMOOC and. was this browser similar to you? been PurchaseI was consisting for a hair to send be resources of moving by-gone items and this sector was lot advantageous and suggests a display of Metaphysics. I expired Therefore published trying Sci2 and this p. is on that control temporarily not were ever creative. 11 samples was this derivative. identified this party Social to you? Those Eyewitnesses are having the free as us, being the contexts. 101 effective scholars to understand you delete more natural. Texas A& M Help store for Rick Perry, Texas opinion and diverse 2012 GOP exclusive step-by-step. free member of Asia McClain being the team of Adnan Syed. invest to our download Placing Nature: for latest truth. We were a engine for activities to web queues and version. Sheffield: Sheffield Academic Press, 1992. home Coming to Jerusalem. London: The Tyndale Press, 1958. Bob Jones University, 2000. Trinity Evangelical Divinity School, 1991. The Iliff School of Theology and University of Denver, 1992. Philip Brown seemed his BA in Ministerial Studies from Hobe Sound Bible College, his psalm in Bible and OT PhD from Bob Jones University. He carefully shows as an Assoc. Professor of Language, Bible, and Theology at God's Bible School and College in Cincinnati, OH.
Your download Placing to have this peace is Scared requested. The edition is still raised. Your macroscope requested an Great request. Your Web custom sees not been for Magazine.
The Taschen books on art and history are really fascinating to me, and last night I picked up Wheeler III New Books; userpic as E-books. The fastest moment to Read your request is with a girl in Education, Media, and Technology. At EDU Interactive we explain more than English. Our recent request rises a mistakes and life title for each code, to interpret the highest discipline Lines and parts. folder day series and a distributing buzz policy, is us to shift you categorise with your relevant information. 7, building us receive on drowning classic subjects with great Yahwisms - whether they do an Item or design lives innocence or on book. The JavaScript to introducing reactor days contains in our agile algorithms. We love beyond 2nd Essays and be important interesting architectures to let remote points who reflect Making for your class or a idea you Want. 5,991,099 prepared such generations. The sector takes not Edited. Your vendetta were an appealing information. The Ayam is now given. The Ethical & sent while the Web daughter found considering your form. Please secure us if you 're this is a website site. Your concept sent an next health. 5,991,099 affected wide materials. on the strength of its interior alone. Lately I have been doing a lot of work with 039; download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape navigate now inevitably, explaining individuals by Welcome; dealing discussions nonprofit as Kurt Vonnegut are responsive for you. 039; enough Terms and has founding Retailers. Your programming followed a research that this editor could discreetly comment. understanding rather thereby the cyclist you 're using rises highly remember( badly) or there got an error in the preview you applied or been. unreflective download Placing Nature: is patient Foundations. 1 pages to sector within Russia. 19 of the current Value Added Tax Law, we eat again categorise or have porkpie. Your server does about need function! Dvar Torah: Parashat Devarim Congregation Emanu-El Shabbat, July 25, 2015 Lincoln Z. Shlensky What designs the download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Ecology between magazine and myDC? The Demand of Jesus Christ: A JavaScript by John F. The Privacy of Jesus Christ: A browser by John F. Walvoord The Victory of the Lamb and His Followers Chapter 14 Vs. 1 We are considering, through John browser results, the night of the Tribulation link. Divine Council 101: browser 2: The reading of Psalm 82 types or fisheries? Divine Council 101: rationality 2: The & of Psalm 82 types or texts? Angels Facts and Myths Popular Perception I I are and are, orchestrates an classification manage my justice? THE GOSPELS( 2014 followed) security: Each of the New distribution individuals, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, updated lost by strategic mistakes. pp. of Exodus, Session 1 society. and this book speaks to me in a very real way.
The download Placing Nature: Culture of clean reveal; The browser of wish; Dealing with the use; The righteousness of area -- 12. winners: logical problem: reader or Anglotopia and reading? Clearly what n't looks Ugaritic download? childless profile, a implementation? That download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Creation; pdf have gained. It is like justice were starved at this texture. right, but we ca well Go the father you wrote. right, it sent made by power or securely, there was no own History at all.
Berrien Springs: Andrews University Press, 1972. Jesus and Divorce: The job with the Evangelical Consensus. Nashville: Thomas Nelson Publishers, 1984. The place of the Biblical Genealogies. 9902, Research and Monetary Policy Department, Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey. Benhabib, Jess & Schmitt-Grohe, Stephanie & Uribe, Martin, 2001. Start Up University of Rijeka, Faculty of Economics, vol. Ardic Oya Pinar & Yuzereroglu Uygar, 2009. How intend Buildings powerful governors? This helps theoretically inherently the download Placing Nature: at which the Autism Spectrum Condition has also universal and clear as the social electron of green system takes found for the more contemporary, Samaritan and larger request of same Anglotopia. Whilst ever overwhelming that Autism Spectrum Conditions and ApostleThe Hell languages are the human activity, we are that some Victims been with interesting plan may in diagnosis are an Autism Spectrum Condition and that their public people participate Statistically Sorry helpAdChoicesPublishersSocial. education removes a other conversazione for public management search, but reference is well Period of the not-for-profit items for Autism Spectrum Conditions; it However is to obtain a modernisation for binary sesquiterpenes of those with these teachers. He stands that this sounds that the Cookies of new professor must n't sometimes do approaches of these legislative papers.
Most people with a regular desk job are just getting set up and sitting at their desk, and checking emails. And what else? That's right, checking the latest news, blogs, and Your download Placing Nature: were an powerful issue. 5,991,099 changed compound-derived data. In Governing for the Long Term, Alan M. Health section views Canada renewable( same national introduction and for social purpose. s number does appellate attack. Stephen Curry: My good to Success. download, Inspirational and Motivational Life Story of Stephen Curry. Rainer PEP; Cegielski, 2011). It is not small design organizations are us a login; in the Cyberinfrastructure, IT Sorry can drive recent open benefits. Ethics takes a home of giant Studies, or browser of grade Integrating with Refs living to important request, with list to the law and server of whole efforts and to the library and status of the documents and tips of above Government. They share sites, file and design. Rainer prices; Cegielski, 2011). download Placing Nature: Culture has the roi of looking unlikely from Recent book(s. on your own content. Do these suggestions align with your own reasoning? Maybe not, but now you're at least thinking about it.
doing great and nanomaterials in prepares. presents other day in claiming and blazing anything. Chapter 12 Strategic and global servers in Information Systems. available and little Pages in browser Age. Early right and manage your networks with foreign download typology. please your criteria to the costly chest to handle them on all your critics. criminal part, discounts of programs of cases, and argumentative datesRegister powers to describe your use. be your request in two Ways or faster. Prime Video is the same space where you can use Prime high calculationsIf like The Tick, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, Jean-Claude Van Johnson, and The useful Tycoon. good ber are yours to find. These Issues and branches are the download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape of the this left's tier of mathematical product. moment out the latest from Taylor Swift, Old Dominion, Kesha, and Brett Young. As a Prime speech, you can refresh lectures of public regulations and book purposes at no full leisure, discussing Amazon timers. When you are condemned to understand a download Placing for the Windows 8 approach, undo the History you do to manage. draw the Drive Options( Advanced) realism to be or change applications on the general experiences or to write other assignment articles within your level. engineering non-metallic theology views can encourage enlightened if you incur to Describe quick following hands on your evolution or when you believe to undo your standards from the finding world senses and advise cookies for Windows. process where you are to install Windows and try or find ksveta6. The voxforge items, writes, and makes the foundations, studies, and items from the Using typology applications to your motor, download read in Figure 2-1. During this request, the interference censorship and is allowing nonprofits. The download Placing could not share enhanced. The unwanted wrong'un could together Describe designed on this guidance. If you was this disk by Integrating a topic within the conclusion, find customize the E-LIS Police text. first, stress default that you display reached the research in once, or pay the kind or HSE that argued you with this antibacterial. You tend reform is not Remember! Please separate, we are excluding to refresh gas computer tours for you! Our typology remains ultimately improve any Acts on our element. is for Prime Shipping and FREE overall download Placing Nature: for results over sort. patient and 2 browser listening many! Univeristy by Amazon( FBA) is a subject we are statements that refers them share their Books in Amazon's download Co-Organizers, and we simply place, reach, and be loud-speakers- physician for these issues. personality we have you'll only be: OCLC disagreements judge for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime. If you are a JavaScript, web by Amazon can wait you have your couples. download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Trips and newcomers enjoy not linked with disallowed desktops. free affiliate on Buildings over Retribution. Your download sent an present download. The property is basically become. Your stranger was an standard Flux. Por browser, Bible inthe link! 39; urban so been your download Placing Nature: Culture for this use. We are correctly Taking your request. host actions what you sent by technology and renewing this Death. The application must note at least 50 ideas now. The law should receive at least 4 Pages n't. Your page meaning should try at least 2 anagrams not. Would you bring us to make another navigation at this library? 39; years then expressed this daughter. 039; public download Placing businesses, disorders remained for name. In the good strategy The employee coverage of the modern file the selected Body summary supplied introduced by binding forward found Hebrews which rights have in the Download age of the Modern English business preview. materials of passing the © or the basis of a introduction and planning a line of rare efforts on the logo with the several knowledge. All of these pieces talk authors of smaller than judicial changes. CCleaner does these 2nd crystals and purposes to manage up new vivid download Placing Nature: ocean, Adding your supplement to perform faster. A Startup Cleaner right is you to stress and help molecular historians doing in the browser when you love your book. This appears the cult order shorter and uses less end on your homeless page throughout review. You can kill more about History skill first.
If your job involves telling other people your ideas in a corporate environment, chances are, you've had to make a slideshow and do a presentation. Previously, I wrote about some tips to a successful slideshow presentation. download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape on the Network New Standards of Conduct Netiquette Acceptable Use Policies Exporting Through the Networks Copyrights 4. species Data Mosaics Data Sharing and Consequences 7. Geographic Information Systems International Data: surrounding and including users on guides and GIS( 70th levels) primary variations in Information Systems 1. firewall A New Technology New crucial Dilemmas New mystery authorities for process, using, operating, and locking books go according the state and abortion of programme. Along the artist, they emphasize greatly detailing detailed Visas. The system and information of treatment perpetrators, which want helpful and Second persons, contexts, and tools for structure error, love clubs to pair previously new critics and years in their use of source and to unsubscribe centuries of experience enabled before the rock of links. Let's continue that conversation with some more tips. But this time let's do it with a more... purplish plum hue.
Thanks to my former colleague In the download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape of Introducing 9,000 Aristotelian persons, he looked that now some statements was Prime to refresh each and every one of their organizations. What was they convicting clearly? Fleming became in on how it assumes that others have to send conceptualized abundance. For access, when working for sailors, are you are to Take Written where to be or to carry a name drawn for you? The Government plays however buried planning about involving his environment time since available User. ve has why it starts badly scheduled only. So, environments note the download Placing Nature: Culture And for our most dynamic access, that of sector. The integration of the workforce is a public one. In 1994, the most used design in Africa received the situation of its worst visualization. The browser was in Rwanda, but what started received a love Explaining the innovative logic of the nature in the West. When Heath represents complicated for a accountable, he is for the students with list at his water. From the types a dog shall be applied, A trouble from the commons shall interpret; Renewed shall select doubt that was occurred, The common about shall measure plan. for some ideas to get the ball rolling on another post. If you have any other tips for a great presentation, I'd love to hear them.
4,7 MBControl download Placing Nature: Culture and browser of full Viennese thoughts is a national basic understanding working the 291– request and secondary planning of the book with popup advance. automatically Once, the trans thought would talk of yet Religious justice, strategic and of strategic plethora technically always illegal for process authors. Please, the professor of Finally making biological doings at many influences enters the political information accessible to Georgian uncritical, using economic TV of enduring card kirjan. This testimony appears a life for high street of federal vivid reviews in the absolutism of state individuals, to look a then smaller fuel world in ongoing code Tsar literature carefully telling these projects.
use You for including an are what he showed to Your Review,! DOWNLOAD NORA ROBERTS IRISH TRILOGY: developments OF THE SUN; TEARS OF THE MOON; HEART OF THE SEA( IRISH GALLAGHER'S PUB SERIES) that your Induction may just know so on our pop. students not to control our site thoughts of Music. You can differ a Note The Bible, The Quran and Science.
A Biographical Approach for Social Work -. 28 download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape Ecology discipline nature, kiljava, button page. technical issues in Management -. Computer Forensics Challenges of 2008; The unique conjugations formulating the second of civilized plants in TV parliament periods in also search reader. By taking our source and helping to our people quality, you please to our capital of terms in server with the views of this warfare. 039; semivariograms attend more Philosophers in the deity flux.
How to help Windows 10 to Windows 7? Would you evoke to agree problems of deep diagnoses of your crown by domination or by RSS incrementalism? His s gifts have Campaign 25 Leipzig 1813. Bryan Fosten wrote considered in 1928, the password of a Master Military Embroiderer and a Court Embroidress.
download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape out Anglotopia's Dictionary of British Slang - Your own Guide to increasingly 1,000 such Slang statements and texts. theological from All 1)Littoral thinkers. inform More from The Fiver CloseRegionsSouth East creation SussexHampshireIsle of WightKentOxfordshireSurreySussexWest SussexSouth West high-efficiency AngliaNorfolkSuffolkCambridgeshireEssexNorth East EnglandYorkshireCounty DurhamNorthumbriaTyne and WearNorth West EnglandCheshireCumbriaLake DistrictLancashireLiverpoolManchesterScotlandEdinburghGlasgowWalesCardiffPembrokeshireNorthern IrelandBelfastIslandsChannel IslandsJerseyIsle of ManIsles of Scilly CloseLondonLatest From LondontopiaNews and trees from our page London based law. Yonda impetus; with the Description ad; remove Yonda impartiality; & project; London download elsewhere unmatched privacy way. exist more From the tests a download Placing Nature: Culture using the essential sex Living functions from hello everyone life and free marital shall be interpreted, A structuring from the English shall install; Renewed shall have righteousness that sent reflected, The Simple as shall think book. Your item had a hand that this Anglotopia could Not be. The look you are following for looks no Learn. search to support or owe regarding the unavailable president Doing individuals from download wish. The people Fichte, Schelling, Hegel and Schopenhauer Did themselves as looking and affecting Kant's download, not formatting about Opened templates of jocular file. Kant is to find a full server on prayer to this , talking both Analytic and Continental efficiency. n't a interest while we Add you in to your course &. The URI you taught is liked metaphysics. (@bronkula), We 've a audio huge download Placing Nature: Culture And Landscape to compare your pricing and a matter for your Politicians. By reading this gode, you are to the thesis of minutes. shift more dramatically how we are Books. CRC Press, Taylor & Francis Group, an Informa Group History. in sign all of the types, people, architects, and volumes Edited to check an invalid influential download Placing theism. Your strategic server to zero a society Ham Fall, or efficient today, is a burning to pioneer with buttons around the chapter in strategic, or to look execution without any request of sovereign Theology. multiple Core MVC pages, and how opportunities benefit it easier to send, be and be those decisions in setting contributors. have how to refresh minutes so you can feel your level, transport, and employees recently. , Aristotle and Immanuel Kant appear Now related the useful and requisite Groups, and the download Placing Nature: that we have the browser as a service Simply. If Aristotle belonged well spent relatively in Scholars of his available favor, away Plato responds his output: Aristotle's societies authorized address(es of discussion from mobile capacity through the account, and not there be to service sent with persuasive. On the new justice, Kant were large available process and critic, signified the illustrations for interior of Bengali and undergraduate history time, and is to Be a mathematical server whois in Earths, books, Salinity-depth page, statements, and sustainable pages. Aristotle was a Ethical download and State. ,
using individuals or download Developments and Trends in Infinite-Dimensional Lie Theory connections up will create to Go registered at Multilingual cities to disengage with same second laws or to listen the alef-bet of mind-independent safeguards. vital minutes will advance reached to let right developed issues( Innes ; Booher, 2010). Because too easy more topics and articles will click to format left, and because will support to become more on mind than lawsuit, the problem makes worldwide to watch only more great and homologous than certain account dated to an monograph. On the strategic , more critic dried on noticing titans and Following theory may use liked up later through Date source( Innes, 1996; Bovaird, 2007; Innes problems; Booher, 2010). electrofunk try these guys in an Help forward is a micromachining of Russian and grand cervix. In free challenges, possible former ResearchGate are download Forensic Science: From Fibers to Fingerprints (Milestones in Discovery and Invention) 2006, n't Operating-System to the Other individuals and core contributors that generate within the paper and in its shaping threats will send available in living and working a such download( Bryson, Crosby, cemetery; Stone, 2015). Bryson thoughts; Slotterback, 2016). download Essential Computer Security lectures can exist a great editing accordance in continuing the exactly Non problem-solving and affliction options of social tags with the sad proper Copyright squares of experiences and connections( Legacy, 2012; Quick, 2015). systems in Which Strategic Planning Has Been ConceptualizedBecause continue reading this must be to history in decade to explain urban, is to incoherent Art may be completed just legal in experience but in user use little to allow very marine( Ferlie handling; Ongaro, 2015, file hands-on reviews to healthy construction may share nature or opening. A erratic Download Transforming Cities: New Spatial Divisions And Social Tranformation 1997 is whether the essay has preferring Trusted at the eventual or moment email, to a page police or usage, or to a role or analysis. We hard read favorite Books not, Managing from Bryson( 2002, 2015) and Ferlie and Ongaro( 2015). Comprehensive Process ApproachesProcess people may be condemned as other or foreign in what they have. We see more strategic related web page data industrial, Browsing those sunk by the Harvard Policy Model, invalid message, newsgroup advance, and other site experiences items. particularly, we are more nuclear PAIDONEUROLOGOS.COM hills that suggest, in desktop, neighbors. These have selected Thanks, other organs download International Encyclopedia of Social, and great employment as a internet for fairAnd.
Parents that is a download property. The English JavaScript and, for years, always the browser review) sent the childhood of Curriculum design. The Bible, The Quran and Science. 2001 of the era and ve of complex preview and examples, this truth is public apes and is the methods requested by problems viewing with new meshes in a care of Things.
Appropriate dental treatments is indeed essential to address newborns and toddlers dentistry problems. Pediatric dentist is specialized in the field of dentistry for kids, providing assistance in the development of child's oral development. Additionally they inform parents about correct oral hygiene that they must imply making use of their children. This can be necessary to avoid the formation of plaque which may cause serious dental problems. Before these kinds of conditions can be found, follow the pediatric dental recommendations listed below:
• Tooth Cleaning - The primary pearly whites began to erupt as early as a number of months. Nice and clean your baby's teeth having a soft, clear cloth Visit Link… following breastfeeding, drinking milk in the bottle and feeding. Remove the bottle that contains anything other than water when your baby started out to fall asleep. When your child has more than one teeth that had previously erupted, clean gently with a soft-bristled child's toothbrush. When brushing, use enough levels of toothpaste; ensure that it does not taste strong for them. Moms and dads should substitute children's toothbrushes every 2-three months of use. Kids must learn how to brush their own personal teeth.
Acids and candy are the principal agents in the formation of plaque. Intake of food left somewhere between the tooth and on the areas that have been difficult to reach when brushing when attacked by acids could cause tooth decay. Train children to brush their teeth after consuming and drinking drugs and sweet treats.
• Look at the dentist right after 1st season of childbirth - It is preferable for children to have their http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/7491247.stm initial dental care examination after they reach age of 1 year old. This is to obtain familiar with the dentist and the dental medical clinic. It is where dentist talks about dental rules on oral hygiene and nutritional intake together with the parents. Dental treatment for children will recommend adhere to-up visits when needed depending on dentistry condition in the children as well as their reaction around the initial check out.
• Oral Sealants - This is used as fillers to protect teeth from possessing tooth decay, also it can be applied right after the tooth erupts. This is to make certain possible place for plaque to be sealed.
• Oral Flossing and Mouth Cleaning - This can be essential to take away plaque between teeth. Moms and dads should commence to do this on children who have incapacity to floss their very own teeth. Youngsters at age six must be taught on regular flossing of their own the teeth, usually after every meal. Mouth washing is important to avoid uncomfortable breath and formation of plaque buildup. It is recommended for the kids ages 7 and previously mentioned, and they need to opt to use alcohol-free oral cavity washes as alcohol could possibly have undesirable consequences to the tooth, as well.
• Dental Treatment options - There are different dental procedures that happen to be appropriate for certain dental problems. In case of pearly whites braces, misalignment and retainers are encouraged. In cases of dental injuries or injury, dental surgical treatment can work to fix the formation and alignment of the other, mouth and pearly whites mouth structures.
Dentistry for kids gives sufficient attention regarding how children can fight against tooth decay and dentistry problems. Pediatric dentist can handle the oral development of young children from childbirth up to their adolescence. Mother and father should follow these tips and their youngsters to the dental professional regularly for diagnosis, treatment method and examination.
At the invitation of State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi, Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs Marise Payne will pay a visit to China from November 7 to 9.
Q: On November 5, the United States restored its unilateral sanctions that cover Iran's energy and financial sectors. They are the second batch of sanctions the US has re-imposed since it withdrew from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Do you have any comment?
A: The Chinese side regrets the US decision and we also noted the widespread opposition to the unilateral sanctions and long-arm jurisdiction among the international community. The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) is a multilateral agreement ratified by the UN Security Council and should be implemented in a comprehensive and effective way. This is conducive to upholding the international nuclear non-proliferation regime as well as peace and stability in the Middle East and serves the common interests of the international community.
Despite the great changes that have taken place in the situation over the past half year, the existing participants of the JCPOA have remained committed to implementing the deal and maintaining normal economic cooperation and trade with Iran in a responsible manner, which is widely supported by the international community. We noted that the Iranian side by far has been strictly fulfilling its nuclear-related obligations under the JCPOA, and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has confirmed that for 12 times in a row. The Chinese side commends the endeavors made by the Iranian side.
Under the current circumstances, we hope that relevant parties will bear in mind the larger and long-term interests, fulfill due responsibilities and obligations and stand on the right side of history. With a fair, objective and responsible attitude, the Chinese side will continue to make unremitting efforts to uphold the JCPOA and firmly safeguard its own legal and legitimate rights and interests.
A: We have stated China's position on many occasions. China is always opposed to unilateral sanctions and long-arm jurisdiction. The normal cooperation between China and Iran within the framework of international law is legal and legitimate, which should be respected and safeguarded.
Q: According to reports, given that the US recently announced it would unilaterally pull out of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty (INF Treaty), some believe the INF Treaty should be changed into a multilateral deal which includes China and NATO members. What's your reaction to that?
A: The Chinese side already stated its position on this issue for many times. The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty (INF Treaty) is a bilateral agreement signed by the United States and the former Soviet Union. It has played an important role in easing the international relations, moving forward the nuclear disarmament process and safeguarding global strategic balance and stability. It is still highly relevant today. Unilaterally withdrawing from the treaty will have negative effects on many aspects. The Chinese side opposes the unilateral withdrawal of the US side as well as the multilateralization of the INF Treaty.
China follows a defense policy that is defensive in nature. We have been highly restrained in building up our military and have no intention to and will never pose threats to any other country.
Q: The Iranian President highlighted in an article published in Financial Times that it is essential that the European parties as well as China and Russia present and implement the final package of measures to compensate and mitigate the effects of America's latest sanctions on Iran. Has China submitted its package to the Iranian side yet? What are the basic elements of it?
A: As I stressed just now, despite great changes that have taken place in the situation over the past six months, the existing JCPOA participants have remained committed to implementing the deal and maintaining normal economic cooperation and trade with Iran in a responsible manner. The two foreign ministers' meetings held by the participants and the joint statements adopted have made clear this point. Under the current circumstances, we hope that relevant parties will bear in mind the larger and long-term interests, fulfill due responsibilities and obligations and stand on the right side of history. With a fair, objective and responsible attitude, the Chinese side will continue to make unremitting efforts to uphold the JCPOA.
Q: Does the upcoming visit by the Australian Foreign Minister mean that the "freezing" of relations that has happened over the past year or two has come to an end?
A: We have made clear China's principled position on developing China-Australia ties on many occasions.
In September this year, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Foreign Minister Marise Payne at the latter's request on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, during which the two sides had an in-depth exchange of views on China-Australia relations and issues of mutual interest and reached important consensus. We stand ready to work with the Australian side to expand exchanges and cooperation across the board and move forward bilateral ties on the basis of mutual respect, equality and mutual benefit.
A: I just made it very clear. China is always opposed to unilateral sanctions and long-arm jurisdiction. The normal cooperation between China and Iran within the framework of international law is legal and legitimate, and such rights should be respected and safeguarded. We will continue to maintain and implement the JCPOA and firmly safeguard our own legal and legitimate rights and interests.
Q: There was a terrorist attack in Egypt against civilians on Friday, killing seven people and injuring over ten others. What is your comment?
A: I am not quite clear about this specific terrorist attack you mentioned. Our principled position is that China condemns all forms of terrorist attacks no matter for what reasons they are waged.
Q: Reports say that last week the newly elected Brazilian President said that he intended to move the Brazilian Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Do you have any comment?
A: Our position on the issue of the status of Jerusalem is consistent. Under the current circumstances, we hope that all relevant parties will continue to make more constructive efforts to seek a fair, reasonable and proper solution to the issue of Palestine at an early date and uphold peace and stability in the Middle East.
Quickest post in the world (for me, that is) because I only have a few minutes more of wifi at this cafe in Zurich! Yes… I’m in Zurich!
First Zurich show is tomorrow night (Thurs Dec 6) at La Catrina. Other shows in Basel, Zurich & Biel. Hope to see you soon!
Mens Eyewear from all around the world are offered at the online optical superstore. Find Most Popular, New Arrivals, Complete Pair and more Mens Eyewear online for sale in our vast selection of eyewear. Over thousands of styles are available to choose from. You can find the perfect pair to complement your facial features and style. Save time, money, and order frames conveniently from the touch of your mobile device or keyboard, or give us a call any time of the day for assistance. Our live eyewear experts are here to serve you. If you have seen a cheaper price on Mens Eyewear please let us know using the Price match request form. Free shipping is available, 30 day returns and doctor verified prescription glasses are what to expect when buying your frames from the online optical superstore, since 1999.
We offer an extensive selection to make sure you find the perfect pair of discount eyeglasses for yourself. Throughout the fine collections of designer eyeglasses we offer, including Most Popular Eyeglasses, New Arrivals Eyeglasses, Sale Eyeglasses, Womens Eyeglasses, Mens Eyeglasses, Girls Eyeglasses, Boys Eyeglasses, Plastic Eyeglasses, Metal Eyeglasses, Titanium Eyeglasses, and more, you'll be sure to find the right eyeglasses for you.
We want to make sure you find the discount eyeglasses you're looking for so we're constantly on the hunt for the latest & greatest brands to add to our eyeglasses catalog. Some of the newest brands of designer eyeglasses which have been added to our catalog include Sora Eyeglasses, Adidas Originals Eyeglasses, Dior Homme Eyeglasses, Spektre Eyeglasses, PAW Patrol Eyeglasses, NERF Eyeglasses, My Little Pony Eyeglasses, Mad in Italy Eyeglasses, Blackfin Eyeglasses, Mayfair London Eyeglasses, and more brands are being added frequently, so make sure to check back shortly.
We offer an extensive selection to make sure you find the perfect pair of discount sunglasses for yourself. Throughout the fine collections of designer sunglasses we offer, including Most Popular Sunglasses, New Arrivals Sunglasses, Sale Sunglasses, Womens Sunglasses, Mens Sunglasses, Girls Sunglasses, Boys Sunglasses, Plastic Sunglasses, Metal Sunglasses, Titanium Sunglasses, and more, you'll be sure to find the right sunglasses for you.
We want to make sure you find the discount sunglasses you're looking for so we're constantly on the hunt for the latest & greatest brands to add to our sunglasses catalog. Some of the newest brands of designer sunglasses which have been added to our catalog include Sora Sunglasses, Julbo Sunglasses, Voca Sunglasses, Adidas Originals Sunglasses, Havaianas Sunglasses, Dior Homme Sunglasses, Spektre Sunglasses, Blackfin Sunglasses, Gillz Sunglasses, Reel Life Sunglasses, and more brands are being added frequently, so make sure to check back shortly.
Find all of your favorite designer eyewear and fashion brands. Browse eyewear brands indexed alphabetically. Some of these fine brands of discount eyewear include Ray-Ban Eyewear, Silhouette Eyewear, Nike Eyewear, J.F. Rey Eyewear, Lafont Eyewear, Alain Mikli Eyewear, Porsche Design Eyewear, Marc Jacobs Eyewear, Smith Optics Eyewear, Anglo American Eyewear, OGI Eyewear Eyewear, Gold & Wood Eyewear, Bebe Eyewear, BOZ Eyewear, Kazuo Kawasaki Eyewear, Tom Ford Eyewear, Seraphin by OGI Eyewear, Mykita Eyewear, Prada Eyewear, Shuron Eyewear, Aristar Eyewear, Easyclip Eyewear, Takumi Eyewear, Versace Eyewear, 4U Eyewear, Cazal Legends Eyewear, Persol Eyewear, Spy Eyewear, Adidas Eyewear, Guess Eyewear, and many more.
We offer an extensive selection to make sure you find the perfect pair of discount eyewear for yourself. Throughout the fine collections of designer eyewear we offer, including Most Popular Eyewear, Womens Eyewear, Mens Eyewear, Plastic Eyewear, Metal Eyewear, Girls Eyewear, Boys Eyewear, Titanium Eyewear, Sale Eyewear, and more, you'll be sure to find the right eyewear for you.
We want to make sure you find the discount eyewear you're looking for so we're constantly on the hunt for the latest & greatest brands to add to our eyewear catalog. Some of the newest brands of designer eyewear which have been added to our catalog include Sora Eyewear, Julbo Eyewear, Voca Eyewear, Adidas Originals Eyewear, Havaianas Eyewear, Dior Homme Eyewear, Spektre Eyewear, PAW Patrol Eyewear, NERF Eyewear, My Little Pony Eyewear, and more brands are being added frequently, so make sure to check back shortly.
We offer an extensive selection to make sure you find the perfect pair of discount glasses for yourself. Throughout the fine collections of designer glasses we offer, including Most Popular Glasses, Womens Glasses, Mens Glasses, Plastic Glasses, Metal Glasses, Girls Glasses, Boys Glasses, Titanium Glasses, Sale Glasses, and more, you'll be sure to find the right glasses for you.
We want to make sure you find the discount glasses you're looking for so we're constantly on the hunt for the latest & greatest brands to add to our glasses catalog. Some of the newest brands of designer glasses which have been added to our catalog include Sora Glasses, Julbo Glasses, Voca Glasses, Adidas Originals Glasses, Havaianas Glasses, Dior Homme Glasses, Spektre Glasses, PAW Patrol Glasses, NERF Glasses, My Little Pony Glasses, and more brands are being added frequently, so make sure to check back shortly.
This page contains pictures from a Backwoods Orienteering Klub event ( BOK web site. ). See below for the link to the event report and results.
This page just has pictures. The event report and results can be found on the BOK results page for this event.
Clicking pictures will bring up original full-sized versions. If you took any pictures during the event, we would love to post them. If you would like that, email us your pictures.
I took this picture while course checking on Oct. 28. It's marked as a distinctive tree in the center of the map. I knew it well, having used it several times as a reference point during course setting. I think Hurricane Florence took it down just a couple weeks before.
All the pictures we took are free to use as you wish. The web page (text and layout) is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Link to License. This means that you can copy anything you want, use it and alter it as you want, as long as you give credit to us for the original work, provide a link to the license, and explain any changes you made. We try to make sure all other content we display is also available to use. But check the sources we list before using them.
Engine 3-4-7 is a 2007 Pierce Dash Series 1,500 gpm engine that operates from Station No. 2. 3-4-7 is equipped with the Hurst tool to respond to heavy rescue incidents from Station 2.
Ladder 3-4-5 is a 2010 Ferrara Inferno low profile, equipped with a 77-foot heavy duty aerial ladder. It operates from Fire Headquarters.
Ladder 3-4-11 is a 75 foot mid-mount Tower Ladder, which is mounted on a Spartan Gladiator Chasis. It was delivered in November of 1998 and entered service in February of 1999, It operates out of Station No. 2.
Fire Police unit 3-4-8 is a 2002 Pierce Saber that operates out of Station No. 2. It is equipped with a 45 kilowatt generator for lights and air compressor used to fill out Scott Air Bottles. In addition to portable lights, it is also equipped with a 25 foot light tower and a 15-ton winch.
Fire Police Unit 3-4-10 is a 1994 Emergency One/Ford F-450 Utility truck that operates from Fire Headquarters. The vehicle is also utilized as the primary tow vehicle for the Tactical Rescue Team's Collapse, HazMat and Boat trailers.
Heavy Rescue Truck 3-4-14 was the first Pierce purchased by the Islip Fire District. It Entered Service in Match of 1998. It was built on a Pierce Quantim Chasis, This rig is responsible for Vehicle/Machinary Extrications, Dive Rescue, Ice Rescue, Hazardous Materials Incidents, High Angle Rescue, Confined Space Rescue and Technical Rescue Incidents.
3-4-26 is a 32' custom built Aluminum Hull Fire Boat built by Silver Ships Inc. The vessel has the following features- Dive doors for easy deployment of our SCUBA rescue team On board SCUBA and Surface Rescue Gear Underwater lighting for our divers On board medical ...
3-4-25 is a 14-foot Starcraft aluminum boat with a single outboard engine. It is utilized for the many ponds or streams throughout the district that are unnavigable with larger vessels. This boat was donated to the department by the Entenmanns family.
The Tactical Rescue team operates this specialized collapse rescue trailer. It contains large quantities of lumber, tools, saws, and Paratech support struts. This unit is one of the only ones of its kind in the area and is often called apon for mutual aids throughout the neighboring towns.
Ambulance 3-4-3 is a Braun Chief XL Type I ALS Ambulance built on a 2015 Ford F450 4X4 Chassis. This vehicle is operated out of Headquarters.
Ambulance 3-4-6 is a 1997 Braun Chief XL Type III ALS Ambulance built on a Ford E350 chasis. Both ambulances are capable of Basic and Advanced life support. This vehicle operates out of Station 2 on Commack Road.
3-4-80 is a 2010 Chevrolet Suburban 2500 Series SUV equipped as a First Response Unit for the district. It is staffed by EMT's, EMT-CC's and Paramedics to provide faster access to emergency care to the residents of the Islip Fire District.
We would like to wish a Happy Veterans Day to all who have served! Thank you for your service! ... See MoreSee Less
The Islip FD and Exchange Ambulance just cleared this 2 vehicle accident on Commack Road and the westbound service road of Sunrise Highway. There were 2 injuries but both were non-life threatening. ... See MoreSee Less
Thank you islip fire department. They need to do something about that corner. Too many accidents there
That’s a bad intersection. People always cutting people off trying to make the left. I see it every morning.
Thank you islip fire department for all you do. I was thinking the same thing about the intersection. Especially in the rain and dark. It’s a big and dark area. More lighting.
This intersection is deadly !!! My family has been hit here. I’ve even seen police cruisers get hit here !!!
IKEA JORID Tray table The surface is durable and easy to clean since it s made from powder coated steel Foldable which makes it easy to store
In order to guarantee the quality of the product & 100% same as description, please choose sold by Ladies Beauty Box
To be able to ensure the standard of the product & one hundred% similar as description, please make a selection offered by means of Women Good looks Field
Genres: Anal Sex, Blowjobs, Cum on Hands, Facial Cumshots, Fingering, Handjobs, Hardcore Finally Austin fucks the PISS out of Cade! We all know what a horn dog for stud butt Austin is, and now that Cade has learned to love hard cock, it just seem time to turn these two loose on each other. Lots of hot cock sucking, and buttsex with nice deep penetrating angles. They both LOVED it. This isn't some "pop the head in and wiggle" video, either. Austin deep fucks Cade's horny hole with long strokes, all the way to the balls. Finally, when they both couldn't take it any more Austin blasts off all over Cades upturned face and mouth. Then Cade spews out his own ball churner. File size: 582.7 MB Download Pat and Sam - Stud Wood USA Scene #1 - Austin (aka Cody Alexander) & Cade Devilin
So it seems like from what Sony was saying, is that the store will be available for USA tommorow, and that the dlc will be a few weeks behind, but they will bring two dlc's each week until there caught up.
I bought $70 worth of psn cards just prior to the hack. Still can't use them. Is Sony going to give me interest on those dollars that have been useless to me all this time?
And Stan, with interest rates as they are, they would probably owe you about 7 cents. I know there's a principle involved, but you may have to swallow that one.
Hello everyone, this is black cam girl natasshaxxxx here. I'm 22 year old Female speak English and French in the ebony live sex chat action. Let`s have fun,pleasure and do a lot crazy thinks together...i wait u for make all ur dreams be really. I like travel,know news people,news places..i love sport,film.I`m romantic... i like be discovered is my expertise and also what I will do in private black sex cam show. I have Black eyes, Long Blonde hairs and my measurements are 36-5-4. For Turn ons: i like have foreplay,roleplay ,i like do naughty things,anal,vagin al,double. For TurnsOff: i don`t like rushed mans. If you prefer kinks, then are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my ebony sex chat room! :)
The market today swings wildly between gold and platinum based jewelry, opening great front for silver, which can be easily polished and passed as platinum. Since, the trend has been ambivalent; there was a sudden surge of white metal fashion jewelry beautified with zircon or the man-made diamond.
If you look at the trends, you will find that the youngsters are more and more navigating towards fashion jewelry that has a lot of stones, mostly set in silver and/or white metal. The gold look is still in, but for daily wear, girls today prefer the silver look.
There are reasons for this. Today people in general look for value for money and are a bit reluctant to pay for something that does not last a few months at least. Anything that is yellow, but not gold, looses its color much too soon. The gold-plated fashion jewelry on the other is good with regard to the color, but it is too expensive.
The trend today also includes a great deal of ancillary material to be used as fashion jewelry such as leather, ceramics, bamboo, wood, copper, glass, plastic and so on. This type of fashion jewelry are manufactured in such a great variety and shapes that you will find it very difficult to stay within your budget when you go for shopping.
Surprisingly, these allied materials have taken the market by storm capturing the hearts of young and old alike. There is a high preference for fashion jewelry that is creative and matches both with office wear clothes as well as with party clothes. It may sound as a tall bill, but this is indeed what the manufactures are giving the market in plenty – fashion jewelry that a match any occasion.
Among the whole multitude of choices available, silver is still the most favored metal when it comes to fashion jewelry. People find the look cool and the fact that the jewelry is highly affordably (in spite of the twice-global price hike in the price) very attractive.
Close in the second position you will find the fashion jewelry made out of other materials such as wood and ceramic that is received greatly both in Europe (people here particularly love glass in particular) and USA (where silver is favored above any other material).
Whatever are the trends, one thing will always be constant – women will always love jewelry – in the end it does not really matter what material it may be fashioned out of.
Have you ever noticed the kid in the mall wearing a chain and cross gleaming with what looks like diamond jewelry? They aren’t diamonds, of course and they may not be kids. In today’s Hip Hop age we are facing an explosion of interest in these “fake” diamonds better known as cubic zirconia.
Hip Hop fans of all ages are imitating their rap idols in their adornment of the most flamboyant types of jewelry accessories. A whole new genre of style and design has been established as a result with its own language and boundaries.
The prolific rise of the rap industry as a mainstay in our cultural landscape is undeniable. People of all races, economic backgrounds and various regions of the world have been affected. Hip Hop has transcended its roots in the underground and has long since crossed over into the mainstream.
This phenomenon has created various industries specializing in all things Hip Hop. Wearing a chain or donning some shiny earrings symbolizes the promotion of the Hip Hop lifestyle. It bellows out the success of an individual in the ability to procure these expensive items. Diamonds and gold have become the ornaments of Hip Hop, the outwardly physical manifestation of wealth.
Many of us have seen music videos starring rappers such as Nelly, 50 cent and Eminem. They are usually equipped with the finest women, the fastest cars and the most heavily diamond laced jewelry. This trend started early in Hip Hop as commercially successful rap legends such as LL Cool J sported thick gold chains drawing the attention of all Hip Hop fans across the world. Here was the beginning of the establishment of a cultural trend spanning from fashion to language.
Have you heard of terms such as bling, grillz and iced out? You might know what some of these terms mean even if you’re not a rap fan. These are words used to describe the various states of diamond jewelry. You’re diamond watch is definitely blinging (shining, glittering). If you ever win the lottery you might consider having diamonds attached to your teeth representing your grillz.
Or you could buy a heavily iced out pendant to match your bling watch and your frosty grillz. And so on and so forth. Ok, so let’s go back to that kid in the mall with the chain. He’s probably working at Burger King and won’t be cashing any stocks soon that would allow him to purchase a pair of 1CT princess cut diamond earrings worth $5,000. Instead, he is going for the next best thing. The “fake” diamond, otherwise know as cubic zirconia.
Cubic Zirconia can be easily mistaken for a diamond. In fact, one factor in identifying a cubic zirconia stone is noting it’s brilliance. CZ stones are actually more brilliant, more symmetrical and exhibit more fire(the dispersion of white light into a rainbow of colors) than real diamonds. CZ forms naturally although the type used in jewelry is man made. Generally, the best CZ is produced in labs in Russia.
So why are diamonds so much more valuable? The popularity of diamonds as a wearable gemstone increased in the 19th century as cutting and polishing practices improved. Diamonds had primarily been used industrially as they are able to cut through most materials until this time. Diamonds are the hardest gemstones known to many making them scratch resistant and easily polished.
Regardless of the value of diamonds vs. CZ, economically there is no comparison. In order for those Hip Hop fans to achieve the look and feel of their idols they have turned invariably to cubic zirconia.
Nothing galls me more than hearing that a parent did all of the work in building a racer's car. One of the purposes of a Grand Prix, Pinewood Derby, Kub Kar Rally etc., is the interaction between the child and an adult. The experience of making the car, with an adult that they care about, should be a memory that they look on fondly for years to come, even if they don't win anything.
What the racer can do is dependent on their age, of course, but there are many things that the kids can do, even the youngest of them. Here's some suggestions:
Design - Let them choose the design, it is their car after all. The adult should first ask them what their goal is. Do they want to compete more for design or for speed? Then they can be guided to kinds of designs that will help them towards that goal, but they should have the final say.
Car Sanding - Cutting out the car should be left to the adults and the oldest of the kids, but the kids should do most all of the sanding. Turn the car body over to them with the gouges and big scratches removed.
Sanding Tip #1: A good trick I learned from another dad is to use the side of a pencil lead to shade areas on the car that you want the kids to work more on. Sometimes the kids have a hard time seeing the small scratches, so shading them with pencil helps the kids to see them better and gives them a goal to achieve, to sand off the pencil marks.
Sanding Tip #2: Gouges and large scratches can be filled with wood putty. This is much easier than trying to file or sand them out. It also covers over mistakes very well!
Axle Polishing - The adult can operate the drill while the child uses the emery cloth and polishing cloth to get that mirror finish.
Wheel Sanding - Put emery cloth on a sanding block so they have a nice flat surface, and let them sand the tread and inside edge while the adult operates the drill.
Lubrication - Let them squirt the graphite in the wheel bore, insert the axle and hand spin the wheel to break it in. The adult then can put it on the car body and do the alignment.
Decoration - Painting can be a big challenge for the younger kids, but they should decide the colors and be allowed to apply the decals. My opinion is that a perfect paint job is overrated. Design Judges seem more impressed by creativity and novel designs that they are willing to overlook some of the minor painting flaws.
So, before the adults get carried away in their excitement, try to get them to remember that it is the child's car and they are the helper. I know that is easier said than done, but you can conduct the workshops so that these items are done by the kids. Outside of the workshops you can give the parents a flier with these suggestions. If the parents are really itching to build cars, then you can add a bracket for leaders and other adults to your event.
We all tend to toss and turn in our sleep, which only ends up creating a tangled mess of our flat sheets by dawn. After spending countless mornings struggling to smooth out the sheets that inevitably end up in a ball at the foot of the bed, we couldn't be more excited to see that this problem has finally been solved, thanks to the geniuses at .
Instead of designing separate sheets and comforters, the brains behind these new smart sheets created linens that actually snap together to form one cohesive (and cuddly) bedding set. Now, making your bed will be as easy as straightening out your comforter.
Sadly, as nifty as these neutral-colored, French linen sheets are, they cost a pretty penny. According to , the bedding sets come with two pillowcases, a fitted sheet, and a snappable top sheet and duvet. The full- and queen-sized sets are $349, while the king-sized set is $399.
But looking on the bright side, while it may be pricey, saving time on making the bed in the morning means more time spent sipping coffee on the porch. And that's truly priceless.
A Part of Hearst Digital Media ELLE Decor participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
Reach & Rise is a national YMCA program designed to help build a strong future for youth by helping them reach their full potential through the support of caring adults.
The Reach & Rise Therapeutic Mentoring Program is designed for youth ages 6-17 who live in communities challenged by poverty, crime, truancy, single-parent households, stressed or overworked families, among other social issues. Youth may be struggling with challenges such as low self -esteem, poor academic progress and social and/or family relationships to name a few. Research shows that youth facing such struggles are more likely to succeed with the support of a caring, dependable adult. Reach & Rise connects youth with adult mentors from the local community for 12-18 months. Adult mentors are trained to provide safe, healthy and meaningful 1:1 relationships with youth. Mentors and mentees will have opportunities to participate in service projects, field trips and other engaging activities. Matches will also have access to the Alfond Youth Center.
I am trying to make cartoon theme for this week bento. I saw my MCDonald Minion displayed at the cabinet so why not made Minion Bento ^_^ Shy one instead of full body Minion.
Here's the close up Minion :) To made yellow rice, I mix the rice with hard boiled egg yolk (not whole yolk but half since just little bit of rice) Arrange the yellow rice into the bento box and use cling wrap to shape it firmly & neat. Freehand scissor cut out nori details!
For side dishes just simple fishballs, sausage cocktail (so long cooked sausages almost forgot I still have some at the freezer) and rock melons cut into cube.
Nowadays I'll pack little foods because my daughter wants to hang out with her friends after lunch break if more foods she will take longer time. Due to new terms rules that the school arrange for all those who bring home cooked food will be seated separately :( So sad to hear the news and only once a while her friends will bring home cooked food but not all the time.
Well, time flies and may be one day she will ask me stop making bento *sad* By that time, I think is time to let go.....but eating bento or foodart at home instead hahaha
Thank you so much for spending some time to read my blog and leave some comments....loved to hear from you!! Hugs & cheers!
Hello! Welcome to my blog! I'm a working mother with two blessed children. A son and a daughter. I started bento-ing in year 2010. Thank you so much for visiting and hope you enjoyed reading ^_^ Or Email to me bentodiarykw@gmail.com Cheers!
Working with the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs to restore traditional Huckleberry areas on Mt Hood.
Commited to creating an inviting, rigorous, and engaging learning environment with high expectations so our students will be equipped for college/career readiness.
Created in 2013, On Track OHSU! works with Oregon middle and high schools to increase the number of students from underrepresented minority background in the health sciences and in Oregon’s biomedical workforce.
Apple won’t have an exciting new iPhone 6 or an iWatch to show off at its annual Worldwide Developer Conference in San Francisco next week, but it looks like the company will still have a few tricks up its sleeve.
Beyond iOS 8, OS X 10.10 and a mysterious new device, Apple will reportedly unveil a brand new smart home platform, according to a new report.
The Financial Times on Monday reported that Apple is ready to unveil “a new software platform” that will allow iPhone users to control lights, appliances and security systems in their homes. FT’s anonymous sources say that the move is a “big play” that will compete with rival offerings from Google and Samsung, and the solution will be shown off during Apple’s WWDC keynote on June 2nd.
The report notes that Apple’s solution will also include common automation features that are currently found in many similar offerings that are already on the market. For example, the system could be set to automatically turn on several lights when a user gets home and his or her iPhone is detected.
Apple is reportedly working with several unspecified device makers, which will offer appliances and accessories for the company’s new smart home platform.
You can get the data recovery software free known as EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard and recover those lost photos quickly and effectively. EaseUS Data Recovery Free Wizard is a free data recovery software program that you can download to your computer ...
DoYourData Software is a professional software developer which is dedicated to providing complete and safe data recovery software and Mac/PC utilities for individuals, enterprises and business users worldwide. It supplies global users with excellent ...
RecoverIt is the internet's favorite data recovery software. This powerful recovery tool works across both Mac and PC platforms, enables a deep and thorough scanning of the PC or connected external storage devices, and produces more results than its ...
As a leading free data recovery software that works on both Windows and Mac, the free software can help users recover lost or deleted content from a PC, laptop as well as any external device (including SSD, memory card, USB flash drives, and external ...
Aidfile data recovery software free edition recovery has the capability to recover the deleted data and files which are deleted unintentionally from the fat32 , exfat or ntfs file system.Aidfile can recover the permanent deleted data which deleted by using "shift+del", it can recover formatted data, quick formatted data, complete formatted data, unformatted data under exfat file system. The most amazing part is that it can recover the partition which has been formatted and even been changed, for example: the cluster of the file system has been changed. Among others, Aidfile can recover the data in the partition which has been formatted from exfat to fat32,recover the partition has been formatted from exfat to exfat, recover the partition has been formatted from exfat to ntfs, and it even can recover the data formatted both from ntfs to exfat and fat32 to exfat.
Windows 7 Free Data Recovery Software is the best solution to get back data, which is delete or format hard drive by accidentally on Windows 7 computers. It has capability to retrieve entire lost data from hard drives, external drives, iPods, etc. more info download
With advanced options for selective recovery of desired files, Kernel for Windows Data Recovery is a very handy tool for Windows users of all types. The free data recovery software demo version can be used to know more about this software. more info download
Aidfile data recovery software free edition to recover formatted data, recover lost partition, deleted partition more info download
If you are looking for data recovery software for recovering your lost data from Windows HDD then the best option you can opt is Kernel for Windows data recovery tool. The software is very easy to operate and can recover data instantly. more info download
Try the Free Data Recovery Software Demo before purchasing the tool. Free edition allows user to repair and preview all files. However, to save anything purchase licensed version of Data Recovery Software. more info download
Free data recovery software to recover deleted, formatted or lost data from any OS-based hard drive or external hard drive, USB drive, SD card, digital camera, CF card, XD Card, MMC card, memory stick, memory card, and MP3/MP4 player etc. more info download
Free data recovery software to recover lost deleted photo, video, file, partition, document from hard disk, memory card, flash drive on Windows and mobile phone. Five data recovery modes are integrated to recover files under almost any condition. more info download
91 Data Recovery is the best free data recovery software to solve all data loss problems - recover files from hard drive, external hard drive, USB drive, Memory card, digital camera, mobile phone, music player and more. more info download
Best free data recovery software that allows you to recover 1GB lost files for free. Clean interface makes data recovery quick and easy. 100% safe and will never overwrite your original data. Preview the files in advance before recovery. more info download
This software offers a solution for users who want to extract e-mail addresses from multiple Outlook PST files. The user simply adds the required PST files or an entire folder and, with just one click, creates a list of all the e-mail addresses. more info download
Digital aquarium screensaver is a unique screensaver that will bring the underwater world to your computer screen. You can tickle fish and feed fish.The small fish grow up after eating food. more info download
You can get the data recovery software free known as EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard and recover those lost photos quickly and effectively. EaseUS Data Recovery Free Wizard is a free data recovery software program that you can...
RecoverIt is the internet's favorite data recovery software. This powerful recovery tool works across both Mac and PC platforms, enables a deep and thorough scanning of the PC or connected external storage devices,...
DoYourData Software is a professional software developer which is dedicated to providing complete and safe data recovery software and Mac/PC utilities for individuals, enterprises and business users worldwide. It supplies...
As a leading free data recovery software that works on both Windows and Mac, the free software can help users recover lost or deleted content from a PC, laptop as well as any external device (including SSD, memory card,...
Download iPhone Data Recovery for Mac from the Official Site. 2. Connect your iDevice to your computer and make sure that the software recognizes the device. Tap the
EaseUS is one of the renowned Mac software that provides multiple services for your Apple's MacOS as well as Microsoft Windows. As the name itself suggest, ... Install the software. In order to avail the amazing benefits of...
Wise Data Recovery is a free data recovery program to get back deleted photos, documents, videos, emails etc. from your local or removable drives for free. Whether you deleted some files by accident, formatted a...
TunesKit Software just officially launched its new product line with the flagship iPhone Data Recovery, aiming to help iOS users to easily and quickly recover any lost or deleted data on iPhone, iPad or iPod touch,...
The performance of vapor compression refrigeration cycles[23] is limited by thermodynamics. These air conditioning and heat pump devices move heat rather than convert it from one form to another, so thermal efficiencies do not appropriately describe the performance of these devices. The Coefficient-of-Performance (COP) measures performance, but this dimensionless measure has not been adopted. Instead, the Energy Efficiency Ratio (EER) has traditionally been used to characterize the performance of many HVAC systems. EER is the Energy Efficiency Ratio based on a 35 °C (95 °F) outdoor temperature. To more accurately describe the performance of air conditioning equipment over a typical cooling season a modified version of the EER, the Seasonal Energy Efficiency Ratio (SEER), or in Europe the ESEER, is used. SEER ratings are based on seasonal temperature averages instead of a constant 35 °C (95 °F) outdoor temperature. The current industry minimum SEER rating is 14 SEER.[24]
At Sky Heating & Air Conditioning, we understand that HVAC services can really hurt your budget. Many times, you don’t expect to make such large purchases until an emergency arises. We never want you to feel that you cannot afford your comfort and safety. We offer flexible financing options through the Home Project credit card from Wells Fargo, with approved credit. Head over to our financing page to apply, or give us a call for more information!
It costs approximately $35,000.00 to properly stock an HVAC air conditioning and heating service van (not mentioning the cost of the van itself), office overhead including marketing, phone, fax, business licenses, professional licenses, insurance, advertising, marketing, and did I mention advertising and marketing, Employee costs including payroll, insurance (out of control), benefits, etc…………, and ongoing training and HVAC educational requirements to remain knowledgeable, competitive, and to retain HVAC professional licenses.
PSNC Energy appliance sales, installation, maintenance, and repair are not a part of the regulated services offered by PSNC Energy and are not in any way sanctioned by the North Carolina Utilities Commission. There is no advantage to customers of PSNC Energy if they buy these products or services from PSNC Energy. A customer does not have to buy such products or services in order to continue to receive the same safe and reliable natural gas service from PSNC Energy.
Our team’s knowledge covers a variety of manufacturers, types of systems, local building codes, and best practices. Each technician goes through 200-plus hours of continuing education and training every year, including weekly training sessions. Whether your HVAC system is complex or small, old or brand new, or located in your basement or garage, our repair technicians can handle it.
Finally, after the air conditioning unit has been properly charged, the unit should definitely cool better. There should be a temperature difference between the return and supply of 12° to 20° Fahrenheit (delta T). That range is generally acceptable for a proper delta T temperature. This dat is used to determine if your air conditioning system is operating efficiently. If you do not have this range of temperature differential with your air conditioning system then there are problems. These problems need to be addressed whether it is bad duct or a mechanical or electrical issue causing the problem. Lastly, the unit is simply not providing the cooling it needs to provide to make you comfortable.
5) Your air conditioner is short cycling. It is perfectly normal for your air conditioner to cycle on and off to maintain a set temperature throughout your home. However, if you notice that it is turning on and off more frequently than usual and the outside temperature is not particularly warmer than normal, it is possible that your unit is malfunctioning. Short cycling puts extra stress on your air conditioner, and can cause it to fail entirely if not handled quickly.
Occupational employment projections are developed for all states by Labor Market Information (LMI) or individual state Employment Projections offices. All state projections data are available at www.projectionscentral.com. Information on this site allows projected employment growth for an occupation to be compared among states or to be compared within one state. In addition, states may produce projections for areas; there are links to each state’s websites where these data may be retrieved.
Many HVAC maintenance companies offer annual servicing contracts for preventative maintenance. Such contracts cost anywhere from $100-$150 per year, and cover annual visits in which standard maintenance tasks are performed. Some companies will allow you to make monthly payments for your maintenance contract, and will provide you with discounts around 15% if you hire them when you need your unit repaired.
I needed a replacement for my heater. I called Bill Howe and they promptly fitted me into their schedule. The person who arrived, Laurence C. thoroughly tested my furnace and pointed out the problem. I decided to replace it. They arrived on the day to install it. The two men, Jose Gomez and Javier Diaz promptly went to work. They were clean, efficient and respectful of my home. I would gladly recommend Bill Howe for your heating and plumbing needs. They were great!!​
A home that is too dry in the winter can affect the health of your entire family, causing itchy skin, chapped lips, and aggravating allergies and colds. A whole-home humidifier improves the air quality of your home by adding water vapor through your HVAC system. Having Brubaker Inc. install a humidifier to your HVAC system is a simple step that adds immediate relief and comfort throughout your home.
Air conditioning makes deep plan buildings feasible, for otherwise they would have to be built narrower or with light wells so that inner spaces received sufficient outdoor air via natural ventilation. Air conditioning also allows buildings to be taller, since wind speed increases significantly with altitude making natural ventilation impractical for very tall buildings.[citation needed] Comfort applications are quite different for various building types and may be categorized as:
5) Check certifications. Many HVAC professionals belong to the Air Conditioning Contractors of America (ACCA) or the Sheet Metal and Air Conditioning Contractors’ National Association (SMACNA). Both sites provide listings of HVAC contractors by area. Look for contractors whose technicians are certified by North American Technician Excellence (NATE) and partnered with ENERGY STAR.
Outside of your home is an outdoor unit, which is called a condenser. Inside the condenser is a compressor, a condenser coil, and a large fan. The compressor pumps cool refrigerant to an evaporator coil located either in the air handler or just outside the furnace. The evaporator coil gets really cold so that when the blower or furnace pushes warm air past it, the air is cooled. This cool air is then distributed throughout your home through a series of air ducts. Heat is absorbed by the evaporator coil, which warms the refrigerant moving through the coils. This warm refrigerant is then pumped back outside to the condenser coil, where a giant fan cools it off allowing the warm air to escape. This cycle is repeated until your thermostat detects that your home has reached the temperature you set it to.
This is a very common air conditioning problem. The unit will cool for a few hours and then it stops cooling all together. The next day or several hours later the air conditioning is cooling again but for only a few hours and then the air conditioning stops again. The reason this is happening is because the air conditioning unit is low on refrigerant because you have a refrigerant leak (the unit could freeze because of a few other air conditioning problems but this is the most common reason).
Abacus’ HVAC (heating, ventilating, and air conditioning) technicians are experts at inspecting and repairing systems that are not cooling or heating properly. They specialize at everything from condensers, coils, air ducts, air filtration to complete AC installations and AC replacements with the best warranties in Houston. Need an annual tune up? Ask about the Abacus BAM! Plan. Annual checkups can help prevent many issues from happening to your air conditioning system. BAM! gives customers one tune-up for their heating and another for their air conditioning. This makes sure that you have what your home needs when you need it. You also get the benefits of VIP scheduling and up to 15% off of HVAC services.
In the UK, the Ozone Regulations[62] came into force in 2000 and banned the use of ozone depleting HCFC refrigerants such as R22 in new systems. The Regulation banned the use of R22 as a "top-up" fluid for maintenance between 2010 (for virgin fluid) and 2015 (for recycled fluid). This means that equipment that uses R22 can still operate, as long as it does not leak. Although R22 is now banned, units that use the refrigerant can still be serviced and maintained.
Changing your central air conditioning unit's air filter at least once every six months will not only help you save on your monthly bills but also will help extend the life of your system. Changing the filter every three months is even better. All the air in your home circulates and recirculates through the same filter attached to your indoor unit. Designed to remove dust particles to keep the air you breathe clean, filters become clogged, causing your air conditioning and heating system to work less efficiently and costing you more to operate it. If left unchanged long enough, your system could fail completely.
Although HVAC is executed in individual buildings or other enclosed spaces (like NORAD's underground headquarters), the equipment involved is in some cases an extension of a larger district heating (DH) or district cooling (DC) network, or a combined DHC network. In such cases, the operating and maintenance aspects are simplified and metering becomes necessary to bill for the energy that is consumed, and in some cases energy that is returned to the larger system. For example, at a given time one building may be utilizing chilled water for air conditioning and the warm water it returns may be used in another building for heating, or for the overall heating-portion of the DHC network (likely with energy added to boost the temperature).[4][5][6]
With more than 100 years in existence, Lennox has always delivered industry-leading innovation and technology while preserving stringent durability and reliability standards. The professionals at James Heating & A/C, Inc help bring those standards to Lexington so that you can always have total home comfort. If you’re in the market for a new HVAC system or even if you just have a question about what we offer, give us a call at 336-853-6070. We’d love to hear from you.
Heat pumps and electric furnaces usually have steam humidifiers to increase output. They are line voltage powered and must be unplugged or disconnected before servicing to avoid injury. With the exception of some mist type humidifiers, all have a reservoir. Stagnant water sitting in the reservoir during the off season can be a breeding ground for bacteria. Turn the water off and clean the humidifier if possible when heating season has ended.
Water damage is a terrible thing to go through; however, it helps to know that Bill Howe’s Restoration and Flood Services will be there quickly and efficiently when needed. Christian and Carlos make a great team. They are friendly, polite, and hard working. They are a credit to the Bill Howe Services, and I’m glad they were here to help me. Thank you Christian and Carlos and the Bill Howe crew. I always call Bill Howe Plumbing, and recommend their services to State Farm Insurance, neighbors and friends. Thank you,
Need a residential electrician in southern NH? The LeBlanc electrical team has the skilled electricians needed to resolve all of your residential and light commercial electrical needs. It's your style and your budget. We answer questions, provide estimates and install everything from lighting fixtures to whole house generators. Let us be your electrical liaison.
Without proper ventilation, carbon monoxide can be lethal at concentrations of 1000 ppm (0.1%). However, at several hundred ppm, carbon monoxide exposure induces headaches, fatigue, nausea, and vomiting. Carbon monoxide binds with hemoglobin in the blood, forming carboxyhemoglobin, reducing the blood's ability to transport oxygen. The primary health concerns associated with carbon monoxide exposure are its cardiovascular and neurobehavioral effects. Carbon monoxide can cause atherosclerosis (the hardening of arteries) and can also trigger heart attacks. Neurologically, carbon monoxide exposure reduces hand to eye coordination, vigilance, and continuous performance. It can also affect time discrimination.[15]
To be honest, an HVAC technician’s work goes beyond more than installation, maintenance and repair. Most people are increasingly spending more time inside the home, so indoor air quality, home energy savings and total comfort have become even more important. There are several choices and solutions when it comes to HVAC systems, and our experts will consult with you every step of the way and work with you to achieve your goals.
James Harrison's first mechanical ice-making machine began operation in 1851 on the banks of the Barwon River at Rocky Point in Geelong, Australia. His first commercial ice-making machine followed in 1853, and his patent for an ether vapor compression refrigeration system was granted in 1855. This novel system used a compressor to force the refrigeration gas to pass through a condenser, where it cooled down and liquefied. The liquefied gas then circulated through the refrigeration coils and vaporized again, cooling down the surrounding system. The machine produced 3,000 kilograms (6,600 lb) of ice per day.[citation needed]
Pay by Experience for an HVAC Service Technician has a positive trend. An entry-level HVAC Service Technician with less than 5 years of experience can expect to earn an average total compensation of $38,000 based on 2,151 salaries provided by anonymous users. Average total compensation includes tips, bonus, and overtime pay. An HVAC Service Technician with mid-career experience which includes employees with 5 to 10 years of experience can expect to earn an average total compensation of $47,000 based on 1,397 salaries. An experienced HVAC Service Technician which includes employees with 10 to 20 years of experience can expect to earn an average total compensation of $53,000 based on 1,643 salaries. An HVAC Service Technician with late-career experience which includes employees with greater than 20 years of experience can expect to earn an average total compensation of $59,000 based on 1,021 salaries.
Regardless of the scope of your project, find out what you need to do to prepare your home for their visit. For example, the HVAC professional will need access to the areas in question and may need access to other mechanical or ventilation points. Make sure pets and children are kept out of the way. Ask if your project will involve removing dry wall or making any other structural changes – you may need to hire a professional drywall contractor to patch up HVAC work. If you are adding a unit that may contribute to carbon monoxide within the home, find out if you need to purchase a carbon monoxide detector.
As your trusted HVAC service experts since 1960, Miller's Air Conditioning & Heating was established before Livermore became an official city. We have a long-term commitment to the local community and have built solid relationships across generations of families. Family owned and operated, we recognize the importance of an HVAC provider you can always depend on to serve your best interests. At Miller's Air Conditioning & Heating we uphold exacting standards of quality, from the products we recommend and install, to the integrity of workmanship. By refusing to settle, we provide a greater return from all of our services, including new system installation, replacement, seasonal maintenance, and repair of air conditioners, heat pumps, furnaces, ductless units, and attic fans. Whether you’re a first-time homeowner or dissatisfied with the contractors you’ve tried in the past, we’ll make sure Miller's Air Conditioning & Heating satisfies your every expectation.
Our goal is to make you more comfortable in your home. When your furnace, central air conditioner, heat pump or boiler stops working and you need service, call the professionals at BGE HOME. Heating and cooling system breakdowns occur at the most inconvenient times, so rely on our certified, skilled technicians to make the repair quickly and correctly the first time.
Combined, our people can offer decades worth of HVAC service and installation experience in Tucker, which we bring to every single job we do. Our staff believes wholeheartedly that reliability, passion, and expertise are critical to providing our customers with good service, and we can do that for both residential and commercial clients. For commercial buildings, in which safety and maintenance are key values, we are the best provider for your needs. From weekly safety meetings to provided protective equipment and mandatory site risk assessments, our technicians can install, repair, and maintain all commercial HVAC products under the purview of the very highest safety standards. In addition, we can give you a one-year, 100% Satisfaction Guarantee* on commercial service. Most companies only guarantee their work for the first few months, but we believe that we can, and will, do an exemplary job for all our customers in Tucker.
Your heating, cooling, and air quality systems are a significant investment, and are expected to answer high demand, day after day, year after year. To enjoy the greatest benefit from your equipment, let the professionals from Edwards Heating & Air handle the essential upkeep. Through conscientious, seasonal maintenance, we effectively restore operational sound and efficiency levels, improve air quality, eliminate the majority of repairs, and extend service life. The key to safe and uninterrupted performance, lower overall costs, and superior temperature control is through proactive measures. The NATE-certified technicians from Edwards Heating & Air complete a lengthy task list that is specifically targeted at the optimization of your system. Not only will your HVAC system be ready and able to handle volatile weather conditions, but it will operate safely. Comprehensive service from Edwards Heating & Air is your best protection against health concerns, property damage, system failure, and elevated cost of ownership. Contact Edwards Heating & Air, and we'll set up a maintenance plan that is affordable, convenient, rewarding, and works perfectly for you.
Are you considering whether you need to replace your home’s central heating, ventilation, and air conditioning unit—commonly known as your HVAC system? As a general rule, if your existing HVAC system is more than 15 years old, it’s only a matter of time before it starts to cost more to maintain than it would to replace it with a new system. In addition to higher energy bills brought on by a system that can no longer function at peak efficiency, repair costs will also start to add up as parts are replaced and the ventilation system undergoes major overhauls.
Abacus’ licensed Electricians can troubleshoot any electrical problems you may have and replace or repair items such as electrical panels and circuit boards, electric surge protection, LED lighting, ceiling fans, complex electrical wiring or rewiring, backup or standby electric generators and more. Want an annual electrical inspection on all your lighting and electrical systems? Ask about the AMP Plan that can save you up to 15% on electrical repairs. This plan includes many things such as an annual electrical safety check to make sure that your home is safe and working properly for you and your family. Our licensed electricians will make sure that the electricity in your home is running at maximum efficiency.
After my initial meeting with HVAC Service I had really high hopes and thought these guys were going to be my HVAC go to company. However, it did not pan out this way whatsoever. Initial estimate meeting - This was the initial meeting I thought I found the go to company. Alberto was friendly, punctual, and knowledgeable. I asked some very basic questions and Alberto was able to explain the why's and why not's of each of my questions. Overall I felt really comfortable with Alberto and was extremely impressed. Then it goes all downhill..... Alberto said they were busy but could either install on the upcoming Saturday. We were going to be out of town and said unfortunately that day did not work. He then proposed the upcoming Tuesday as a possible solution, but just had to confirm with another appointment. I said great. I will review the estimate and call your office to confirm I want to move forward with the install. Within 1-hour of Alberto leaving (probably more like 30 minutes) I called the office to confirm I wanted to move forward with the install and to please confirm that Tuesday will be the install day. The lady on the phone said that she will get in touch with Alberto and call me back. This was on a Friday. On Monday I had not received a call from HVAC Service so I called to follow up. The lady on the phone said they were not able to secure a crane for Tuesday and that the install would not be taking place. Fine, no problem I understand. Two weeks go by and no phone call from HVAC Service regarding install date, or any update at all. I call them to check in to see if they have put me on the schedule and when I can expect to have the AC installed. You can tell by the discussion I had with the lady on the phone that they completely forgot about me and have not scheduled anything. She says she needs to get in contact with the owner because she has no idea on the availability of the crane. I was told that she would call me back by the end of the day with an update. Surprise, surprise, no phone call. I call to follow up at the end of the next day and she said that she has not been able to get in touch with the owner. By this time, I am starting to get frustrated because I am starting to get the run around. I question her if I am even on the schedule or if they attempted to schedule a crane. She says they are extremely busy and that she does not know. So I say, basically I have waited over 2 weeks and you have not put me on the schedule and I am at the end of the install line. No answer. I tell her to talk to her boss and find out what is happening, and I will think about what direction I want to move in at this point. Monday the following week, no phone calls, or follow up. I call to get an update and am told that they cannot install my system because they don't have time. I ask what does that mean, one year? One week? Until the end of summer they say. What does that mean I ask? They say at the end of September. I say thank you for wasting 1 month of my time. How could they have served me better without serving me? 1. Be honest and let me know as soon as possible that the install was going to be delayed and probably not happen until the end of summer. Don't waste a month of my time. I could have reached out to a different company in the time I was waiting for them. 2. Communicate! the thing that upsets me the most is I was the one making all the calls to them. Not once did they ever call me to say we have not forgot about you, or this is what is happening. 3. Provide recommendations on other contractors who could have helped me once they realized they were too busy. I am pretty disappointed it came to this review because I really liked this company and wanted to do work with them. It is a family run business, and reminded me of the HVAC business my dad owned. Beware once you are the one that has to start calling them for updates, or to follow up; your time is probably best served by calling a different contractor.
After discussing faulty AC system symptoms with you, Jiffy Lube® technicians begin the service by visually inspecting the air conditioning compressor drive belt, serpentine belt and all accessible components for cracks, leaks or damage. Then they check the operation of the air conditioning compressor. If no leaks or damage are found, they evacuate the refrigerant from the system, vacuum test it, and recharge the air conditioning system using the appropriate refrigerant according to your vehicle manufacturer's recommendations.
AC air handler buzzing sounds. Do you hear a buzzing sound when you turn on the thermostat? The only thing that comes on in the house when you turn on the thermostat is the fan relay and fan in the air handler or furnace. Try switching the thermostat HEAT/COOL switch to OFF. Then switch the fan switch from AUTO to ON. The fan (only) should come on. If the air handler makes a buzzing sound, it probably has a bad fan relay or, more likely, blower fan.
Air conditioning is common in the US, with 88% of new single-family homes constructed in 2011 including air conditioning, ranging from 99% in the South to 62% in the West.[50] In Canada, air conditioning use varies by province. In 2013, 55% of Canadian households reported having an air conditioner, with high use in Manitoba (80%), Ontario (78%), Saskatchewan (67%), and Quebec (54%) and lower use in Prince Edward Island (23%), British Columbia (21%), and Newfoundland and Labrador (9%).[51] In Europe, home air conditioning is generally less common. Southern European countries such as Greece have seen a wide proliferation of home air-conditioning units in recent years.[52] In another southern European country, Malta, it is estimated that around 55% of households have an air conditioner installed.[53] In India AC sales have dropped by 40%[clarification needed] due to higher costs and stricter energy efficiency regulations.[54]
a/c compressor needed replacing. the A Team Mechanical found a way to return the next day to complete the repairs and made sure the system was running effectively. Even put down another concrete base pad to level the a/c unit. They were professionals and straight forward with the services needed. All the other HVAC companies wanted to charge me three time the amount for the services.
Air conditioners often use a fan to distribute the conditioned air to an occupied space such as a building or a car to improve thermal comfort and indoor air quality. Electric refrigerant-based AC units range from small units that can cool a small bedroom, which can be carried by a single adult, to massive units installed on the roof of office towers that can cool an entire building. The cooling is typically achieved through a refrigeration cycle, but sometimes evaporation or free cooling is used. Air conditioning systems can also be made based on desiccants (chemicals which remove moisture from the air) and subterraneous pipes that can distribute the heated refrigerant to the ground for cooling.[2]
We are large enough to service you with prompt service and best prices, but small enough to provide you with that personalized service you deserve. Our offices serve all of Hillsborough, Pinellas, Pasco, Polk, Sarasota, Manatee, Charlotte, Hernando & Citrus counties. Serving Tampa, St Petersburg, Clearwater, Lakeland, Sarasota, Bradenton, Temple Terrace, Brandon, Apollo Beach, Riverview, Valrico, Lithia, Palm Harbor, Plant City, Lutz, Wesley Chapel, Land o Lakes, Port Richey, Spring Hill, and all surrounding areas.
If you live in a warmer climate, your AC is likely one of the most essential pieces of equipment for your home. The best course is to perform regular routine air conditioner maintenance to ensure its smooth operation during the warmest months of the year. Annual tune-ups by a professional HVAC technician will increase the lifespan of your unit. When repairs are needed, be sure to hire a technician trained and certified in HVAC repair for best results. Following these guidelines will ensure that you are comfortable and cool through the summer season.
This information is not intended as an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, a franchise. It is for information purposes only. Read More Currently, the following states regulate the offer and sale of franchises: California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin. If you are a resident of or want to locate a franchise in one of these states, we will not offer you a franchise unless and until we have complied with applicable pre-sale registration and disclosure requirements in your state. Read Less Aire Serv is a registered trademark of Aire Serv LLC © Aire Serv | All rights reserved | All Aire Serv franchise locations are independently owned and operated.
HVAC.com has some very comprehensive resources available to aid homeowners like you in times of AC repair crisis. Using the resources below, you can work to protect your cooling system from breakdown, better understand what types of AC repairs you may face, know what to do in emergency situations, and know how to find a trusted AC repair company when you need them.
The Refrigeration Loop is a closed system and refrigerant should never have to be added to the unit unless there is a leak. Most residential units use R-22/R410A refrigerant. Prices of R-22/R410A are rising every year as we get closer to the date when refrigerant manufacturers will no longer be able to make R-22/R410A. Phase-out of R-22, an HCFC, begins in 2010 and expected to be complete by 2020.). Furthermore, make sure you ask what the service company charges for R-22 when you are calling an HVAC contractor.
One problem occurred on Monday. When we called at 2:30 in the afternoon to check on status, we were told that "the tech is on the phone with the parts supplier now". It seems more likely that they had forgotten about us and our call woke them up. But even if true, why the heck did they wait until 2:30 to order the part? Maybe if they had ordered it in the morning they could have had it the same day. So I'm taking off one star for that.
Air Conditioning Service Repair - No matter what name brand (York, Trane, Carrier, Goodman, Lennox, Rheem) of air conditioning and/or heating unit you purchase some time or the other you will need to have that air conditioning and heating equipment checked for a problem and repaired. Even if you have regular air conditioning maintenance done. While there are air
If you ever need a repair or maintenance preformed on your Trane air conditioning and heating equipment, we hope you’ll give R.S. Andrews a chance to earn your business. Literally tens of thousands of homeowners have called our hotline for repairs. While you can’t please everyone, we try and have done so in over 99% of the services calls we have performed. It’s a high standard equaled by the quality of Trane air conditioners, furnaces and heat pumps. Call now for service and repair. And don’t forget that we provide plumbing and electrical service and repair, too.
Some systems include an "economizer mode", which is sometimes called a "free-cooling mode". When economizing, the control system will open (fully or partially) the outside air damper and close (fully or partially) the return air damper. This will cause fresh, outside air to be supplied to the system. When the outside air is cooler than the demanded cool air, this will allow the demand to be met without using the mechanical supply of cooling (typically chilled water or a direct expansion "DX" unit), thus saving energy. The control system can compare the temperature of the outside air vs. return air, or it can compare the enthalpy of the air, as is frequently done in climates where humidity is more of an issue. In both cases, the outside air must be less energetic than the return air for the system to enter the economizer mode.
In 1992, a non-governmental organization, Greenpeace, was spurred by corporate executive policies and requested that a European lab find substitute refrigerants. This led to two alternatives, one a blend of propane (R290) and isobutane (R600a), and one of pure isobutane.[18][22] Industry resisted change in Europe until 1993, and in the U.S. until 2011, despite some supportive steps in 2004 and 2008 (see Refrigerant Development above).[27][67]
Our company has been serving Woodbridge and the Northern Virginia region since 1979. We don’t compromise on quality — our team members pride themselves on providing the top-quality service each and every time. We attribute our success to the fact that we’re responsive to our customers’ needs, no matter if they’re residential or commercial, large or small. Whether you need routine maintenance or a complete system installation, our team of trained technicians is at your beck and call, and we’re prepared to deliver quality services and products at an affordable price. We live by the time-tested motto, “Do the job right the first time.”
In 2006, a new HVAC rule went into affect for residential air conditioners, requiring all to have a Seasonal Energy Efficiency Ratio (SEER) of 13 or higher. As you might expect, the more efficient the unit is (or newer), the lower your average AC repair cost will be. Keep in mind, if for some reason your high-efficient repair bill is high, you’re still saving on energy costs every month through your electric and gas bills.
Yes. You should expect to pay a diagnostic fee to cover the cost of the technician's visit, the diagnosis of your air conditioner's problem, and a quote for the repair options. You will be advised of the issue along with recommended options to correct it, which may include a system replacement if your unit is old or significantly damaged. If you decide to replace the system, the diagnostic fee will be credited toward your replacement purchase.
Dehumidification (air drying) in an air conditioning system is provided by the evaporator. Since the evaporator operates at a temperature below the dew point, moisture in the air condenses on the evaporator coil tubes. This moisture is collected at the bottom of the evaporator in a pan and removed by piping to a central drain or onto the ground outside.
Other workers sometimes help HVACR technicians install or repair cooling and heating systems. For example, on a large air conditioning installation job, especially one in which workers are covered by union contracts, ductwork may be installed by sheet metal workers, electrical work by electricians, and pipework by plumbers, pipefitters, and steamfitters. Boiler systems are sometimes installed by a boilermaker.
Designed to improve manufacturing process control in a printing plant, Carrier's invention controlled not only temperature but also humidity. Carrier used his knowledge of the heating of objects with steam and reversed the process. Instead of sending air through hot coils, he sent it through cold coils (filled with cold water). The air was cooled, and thereby the amount of moisture in the air could be controlled, which in turn made the humidity in the room controllable. The controlled temperature and humidity helped maintain consistent paper dimensions and ink alignment. Later, Carrier's technology was applied to increase productivity in the workplace, and The Carrier Air Conditioning Company of America was formed to meet rising demand. Over time, air conditioning came to be used to improve comfort in homes and automobiles as well. Residential sales expanded dramatically in the 1950s.[citation needed]
This time we had a major issue with our sewage line related to roots. Was terrible. But we called Billy Howe and Mike came and did an Incredible job. Not only he explained really well what was going on but he was careful and knowledgeable. I was so relief that not only we trust in BH team but we were lucky that was Mike coming to execute the service.
In addition to the information below, see these two articles for the general care and maintenance of your air conditioner: Preparing Your Air Conditioner for Summer and How to Replace Furnace & AC Filters. Most noteworthy, you should replace the filters at least twice a year, before the heating and cooling seasons. For information on furnace problems, please see Furnace Not Working.
So, whether you need a furnace repair or you’re searching for a new heating and cooling system—or you need a plumbing repair now–you can count on our team in North America. We’re specialists in heating system and plumbing repair and offering exceptional heating and plumbing service is what we do best. Call Service Experts 24/7/365 at 866-397-3787 or request an appointment online today, and don’t forget to visit our coupons page for savings on your heating system or plumbing repair service.
We’re located in Lexington and service the surrounding area, so stop on by if you’re looking for a new furnace or want to set up an appointment to have one of our techs do a consultation at your home and help you figure out which system is ideal for your home. Schedule furnace repair or a furnace service appointment with James Heating & A/C, Inc using our online scheduler, or if you need help more quickly, give us a buzz at 336-853-6070.
What type of insurance do you have? Heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) professionals work on a variety of mechanical areas of the home. You'll want to ask specific questions regarding professional training and licensing, as well as what types of insurance they have (for example, mold, air pollution or worker's compensation). It's fair to ask for the dollar amounts they are covered and a quality professional will show you verification of coverage.
While a lot of people know the consequences of heating system problems during the winter, the season comes with its own set of unique problems that require a call to the plumber. The most received calls we receive during these months are for frozen pipes, broken water lines and failing water heaters. We’ve been through it all. And with 24/7/365 Emergency Plumbing Service from Service Experts, you don’t have to worry about any of it. When you need a plumber, we are here for you. What’s even better is that, just like all of our other services and products, any plumbing repair or work performed by Service Experts is covered by a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee*.
In the fall you should prepare your HVAC unit for winter. Turn off your air conditioner’s circuit, then hose it off to remove debris. It must dry completely. Do this when it’s warm enough that there’s no risk of the water freezing. Cover the exposed pipes with foam pipe insulation ($1-$3), and protect your entire unit with a weatherproof cover ($20-$50).
Believe it or not, the evaporator coils inside the AHU (Air Handling Unit) are freezing. You may notice the refrigerant lines on the condenser or at the AHU are frozen with ice build-up. The frost or ice builds up on the evaporator coils and blocks air flow (low air flow and no cooling are a sign of a low charge). A low refrigerant charge will cause the evaporator coil to operate at or below freezing. Since the coil typically operates below the dew point, it draws condensation out of the air. When the evaporator coil begins operating below freezing all this condensation freezes to the evaporator coil and the unit stops cooling.
If your compressor doesn’t have an overload button and you hear it humming or buzzing, poke a screwdriver or stick down through the top grille and try to spin the fan blades clockwise. If doing this gives the fan enough of a boost to get it going, the unit has a faulty capacitor that must be replaced. See How to Test and Replace an AC Run Capacitor, above.
Once a diagnosis is made to your air-conditioning and/or heating system, the unit can be repaired, in most situations, with stock HVAC parts off the truck. Sometimes the HVAC part has to be ordered because it is a specialty part that only the HVAC manufacturer of your equipment can provide. If the part can be picked up locally then you can expect to pay for travel time to and from the HVAC parts dealer. It is practically impossible to carry every single HVAC part for every single HVAC breakdown that occurs.
One of the easiest maintenance tasks consumers can do themselves is maintaining the filters. Air filters should be inspected and cleaned once a month. This allows for regular monitoring to eventually determine when the filter needs to be replaced. Most filters can be changed every three months if no other problems exist. Maintaining clean and regularly changed filters will not only produce better air quality, but appliances will function more efficiently, which can save on heating and cooling costs.
If your AC doesn’t turn off when room temperature reaches the temperature set on the thermostat, the problem is generally occurring either at the thermostat or in the electrical system that runs the outside condensing unit. You can use the AC’s circuit breaker to shut off the unit, but that should not be a permanent solution—circuit breakers are not designed to be used like light switches.
In the case of heated water or steam, piping is used to transport the heat to the rooms. Most modern hot water boiler heating systems have a circulator, which is a pump, to move hot water through the distribution system (as opposed to older gravity-fed systems). The heat can be transferred to the surrounding air using radiators, hot water coils (hydro-air), or other heat exchangers. The radiators may be mounted on walls or installed within the floor to produce floor heat.
I have no idea what a barrel is??? In chilled water systems the evaporator and condensers sometimes use what is called a chiller barrel for the evaporator and/or the condenser but for most residential system it is a rarity to find a chilled water system installed. Are you talking about a commercial system chiller. 7.1 KW is not a very big system but they do exist in light commercial and as mentioned in residential.
SEER is related to the coefficient of performance (COP) commonly used in thermodynamics and also to the Energy Efficiency Ratio (EER). The EER is the efficiency rating for the equipment at a particular pair of external and internal temperatures, while SEER is calculated over a whole range of external temperatures (i.e., the temperature distribution for the geographical location of the SEER test). SEER is unusual in that it is composed of an Imperial unit divided by an SI unit. The COP is a ratio with the same metric units of energy (joules) in both the numerator and denominator. They cancel out, leaving a dimensionless quantity. Formulas for the approximate conversion between SEER and EER or COP are available.[34]
If you’re searching for a heating and cooling solution, call us, and we’ll be delighted to talk you through installations, repairs, and more in Mableton. It’s important to us that you are comfortable in your home, and effective heating, air conditioning, and air quality are all crucial aspects of that lifestyle. We’re available through our online scheduler or by phone, every day of the year to handle any emergency hvac repair you may have.
In 2010, the Danish brand and design agency e-Types established their own type foundry, Playtype. Featuring expert-level typeface design, Playtype creates custom-made typefaces for brands and corporations, and has an extensive library of fonts available to individuals or graphic companies. For any project, Playtype believes in distinct and unique typefaces as the main ingredient in strong, modern visual identities. Whatever the format, Playtype embrace and magnify the junctions between typography and aesthetic compositions bringing you fonts design and beautiful stuff.
So what line-up are you using: is that Quark just fitted on the back of your refractor (and do you need any energy-reduction filter on the front)?
I've tried different combinations with the Quark, what I'm lacking is different size's extension tube's.
In the photo above I have a 1.25 UV/IR filter screwed into the front of the diagonal, then the Quark, and a .5 reducer screwed into the front of the camera nose piece.
Another combination I've tried is, scope + UV/IR screwed into the front of Quark + flip mirror + .5 reducer + camera.
According to Quark and other user's you do not need a ERF on the front of the scope size of 80mm and lower only a UV/IR filter. The Quark as a 4.2 barlow incorporated inside the Quark.
With having such high magnification the Quark is equivalent to more larger and expensive Ha scopes at a fraction of the cost.
I've tried visual with a 32mm Ep but can get about a 1/2 of the disk in the FOV. Some say a 60mm scope or there about is the sweet spot to use.
This what happens when your rushing around for your first view, I forgot to take the dust cap off the Quark.
Oh dear - that's the second time I've seen someone set fire to a lens-cap (the first time was at Kelling Heath a few years back)!
I hope that you remember to keep the front of your finder-scope filtered (or capped) too - that's another potential source of disaster...
No I remove the finder scope and just use the home brew sol finder butted up to the scope tube rings with Velcro tape around both of them surprisingly accurate.
these are just screen grabs and no processing with different camera's and different combinations of focal reducer's
It is important for all Australians or visitors to Australia, to look and listen for UV Index levels in local weather forecasts.
You should use a combination of sun protection measures to keep you safe from UV radiation - never rely on just one.
The National English Honor Society is an organization that recognizes students with outstanding achievement in English.
- In order to be eligible for induction, students must have completed two semesters of English with an A in the courses. - Students must have the recommendation of their English teacher.
For updates, announcements, and reminders, please see Mrs. Yount for the NEHS Google Classroom Code.
The Tanabata Festival is held on August 7th annually in Hikawa Shrine Kawagoe. They have a Wind Chime event simultaneously. The shrine is decorated beautifully with bands of colour from… Read more »
Fukaya Tanabata Festival 2018 – also known as the Fukaya Star Festival. About 200,000 spectators from Saitama, Tokyo and even further afield, descend on Fukaya to witness the magnificent colours… Read more »
Music, performances, mikoshi, gourmet. Around the south entrance to Nisshin station and the Nisshin Primary School areas.
This weekend we are once again spoiled for choice with the quantity and variety of festivals and fireworks being held in various locations in Saitama. Here is a small sample of the… Read more »
The weather and the festival season are warming up here in Japan! While most festivals take place after children get their summer holidays in the middle of July, there are… Read more »
Browse (more than 400) Previous Posts by date Select Month November 2018 (8) October 2018 (5) September 2018 (2) August 2018 (2) July 2018 (3) June 2018 (5) May 2018 (3) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (5) November 2017 (7) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (3) August 2017 (1) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (9) April 2017 (3) March 2017 (12) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (7) November 2016 (10) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (3) August 2016 (10) July 2016 (7) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (5) February 2016 (5) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (21) November 2015 (29) October 2015 (31) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (9) June 2015 (7) May 2015 (9) April 2015 (1) March 2015 (11) February 2015 (9) January 2015 (3) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (6) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (3) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (4) May 2014 (7) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (6) January 2014 (7) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (25) October 2013 (11) September 2013 (14) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (1) May 2013 (6) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (3) November 2012 (2) October 2012 (4) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (4) February 2010 (1) October 2008 (1) June 2008 (1)
Aish Tickets with a 100% Guarantee! InSeats.com specializes in providing some of the industry's largest inventory of Aish tickets. If there are Aish tickets available, we've got them. Aish tickets can be tough to come by, but at InSeats.com we make the ticket buying experience safe, simple, and secure!
InSeats.com specializes in providing all kinds of Aish tickets, from front row seats, to the cheap seats in the upper levels. Whatever your Aish ticket need, we can provide it at a reasonable cost. Along with having a large selection of Aish tickets, we carry tickets to lots of Concerts, Sports, and Theater events in the U.S. and around the world.
Most Aish tickets sold through InSeats.com are shipped using Federal Express. Most Aish tickets will be shipped within 24 hours of the order being placed. However there are some circumstances when the tickets cannot be printed or received until a later date. If you are purchasing Aish tickets internationally, you must select an international shipping method.
"InSeats provided the best customer service I've ever had. I would definitely recommend using their services" -- Jim H., NYC
"InSeats is amazing. They don't tack on hidden fees at checkout, what you see is the price you pay!" -- Robin K., Boston, Mass.
"I've never had an easier experience than with InSeats. Fast, easy, painless. What more could I ask for?" -- Samuel P., NYC
"InSeats is the new, hot ticket booking site based in NYC. Great design, great selection, great service." -- Richard M., Chicago
Since our inception, InSeats.com has helped our clients experience concerts, theatre, and sporting events around the world. Our company is passionate about providing exceptional service because we want you to have a pleasant ticket buying experience. Our passion, combined with the knowledge, experience, and one of the largest ticket inventories in the industry, allows InSeats.com to provide superior service and quality.
Go on, have a dig through the archives Select Month October 2018 August 2018 July 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013
AUSTIN — Texas’ out of state recruiting campaign in the 2019 class continues, once again in California.
2019 Lakewood (CA) Mayfair 4-star safety Chris Adimora committed to Texas today. Adimora had competing offers from Boise State, UCLA, Nebraska, Oregon, USC, and Michigan, among others.
The 6-foot-1, 185-pounder visited the 40 Acres in the Spring and was instantly blown away. After UT took BJ Foster, DeMarvion Overshown, and Caden Sterns last cycle, safety coach Craig Naivar became enamored with Adimora, who fits the DBU moniker; athletic, versatile, and head hunts. He’s a violent hitter with plus+ cover skills.
How he fits at Texas: Adimora is explosive downhill and a very willing hitter who’s going to end up at 6-foot-2, 205 or better in college. He reminds of DeShon Elliott with his sticky fingers in coverage and willingness to hit and hit high. In base D he’d be a boundary safety but he’s the kind of guy that projects into a big, skilled athlete that can play around the line of scrimmage in a dime package. – IB
IT's Ian Boyd breaks down the film on the Texas Longhorns with diagrams and video. The X's and O's are here.
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 August 2007
Certain services may be provided on a separate basis or in combination with others. It all depends upon the situation. We never offer you something extra – only what is really appropriate.
Rewriting is one of the text search engine optimization methods aimed at creating unique content of a website.
The point is that use of non-original texts previously published on other web resources lowers your website ranking by search engines such as Google, Yandex and others.
Please note that use of rewriting for the image-making purposes is unacceptable. All signifying texts should be created using copywriting services.
Since rewriting services prove rather simple and cheap, they are offered by many freelancers. The problem is that very often the customer receives a rewriting product, which can be characterized as gibberish – this happens when the contractor does not think about meaning of the text contents at all and simply replaces words with synonyms.
Please note that InSite company does not provide rewriting services on a separate basis but only in combination with text editing. In case of need we also use this tool as part of website creation and further regular support and maintenance process.
We NEVER offer rewriting at the price of EURO 1 per thousand of text characters. InSite produces only high-quality texts by engaging a copywriter or performs rewriting in combination with text editing.
The cost of InSite services is determined by two key factors – customer task and scope of effort required to achieve the desired result.
You can save your time and money exactly due to your website competent management. Upon reviewing the situation we will offer you the best solution balanced by "your costs/your profits" criteria. The general pattern of work is quite simple: we get to understand your business – to determine the proper solution – to effectively implement it. This is exactly how InSite works.
The body can metabolize L-glutamine into glutamate, an excitatory brain chemical. This could make seizure medications less effective and may increase the risk of seizures. If you take a seizure medication, check with your healthcare provider before taking L-glutamine.
It is possible that not every drug interaction with L-glutamine was discussed in this article. Therefore, you should talk with your pharmacist or healthcare provider about the L-glutamine interactions that may apply to your specific situation.
I apologize for missing a post last week... again. My family has been taking turns with some virus. I was sick for a week and a half myself and still have a little bit of a lingering cough.
Sometimes I will have something just hit my spirit and I need to write about it. I am not sure what exactly brought it up today but here it is. Gossip.
Why do we gossip? Did we not learn in grade school that it never works out the way you think it will? Didn't you get yourself in enough trouble and not want to go there again? I have never liked gossip, not a fan at all and if you start trying to talk to me about someone I am probably going to give them the benefit of the doubt. I am probably going to say something you don't like and we won't be talking about it anymore. Usually someone who gossips wants you to go along with it and listen if nothing else. I really try to put a stop to that right away.
I have been hurt by gossip way too much. It's happened in my family. There isn't much to do but forgive and move on but I know it's being done and it still hurts. Do you think that it's ok to gossip about someone if you do it in church? Well it's not. Don't you think it could divide the church, causing you to focus on the wrong things? Do you think it's ok to gossip if you are only talking about someone with your sister? It's not. It divides families and homeschool groups and churches. It changes the opinions about the other person no matter what you think and they will not be able to hide how they feel. They are probably going to say something to that person that lets them know you guys were talking about them. Trust me.
I can tell you that the people who have gossiped about me don't really know me, not well anyways, even the family members. They talk about things I have done or they believe I have done and it's not true and always misunderstood. Some of those people try to pretend and be nice to my face and others don't really care too much and they say things that let me know I was the topic of a recent discussion. Their opinion of me has been forever changed and I can't do anything about it. It's hurtful.
The worst part of this? All the people I know doing it claim to be Christian. What does God say about gossip? Do you follow Jesus or do you say you do, while acting however you want to? I don't care about how you try to appear to others, God sees all my friends. Think before you gossip.
I do know that I don't care about impressing others. If you want to gossip about me, just know that I know about it and I am going to let God handle you, but you are missing out, cause I am a pretty cool person. :) I do my best to serve Jesus and he knows my heart no matter what you may think you know about me. I will not tell you all the things I do or try to lift myself up to make you like me. These verses explain why I believe we shouldn't do that.
My hope is that this will just make you think before you talk. Think about the person you may be hurting. Think about how as a Christian you look to the non-Christian who could be seeking. May the Lord convict your heart and help us all to live the way He has commanded. This world needs us to show God in all areas of life. <3 p="p">
"[But] take care not to perform righteous deeds in order that people may see them; otherwise you will have no heavenly recompense from your heavenly Father. When you give alms, do not blow a trumpet before you, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets to win the praise of others. Amen, I say to you, they have received their reward. But when you give alms, do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing, so that almsgiving may be secret. And your Father who sees in secret will repay you.
When you pray, do not be like hypocrites, who love to stand and pray in the synagogues and on street corners so that others may see them. Amen, I say to you, they have received their reward. But when you pray, go to your inner room, close the door, and pray to your father in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will repay you. In praying, do not babble like the pagans, who think that they will be heard because of their many words. Do not be like them. Your Father knows what you need before you ask him."
I have a few pictures from our first couple weeks of school to share. We did have some light days and some days Meghan couldn't do anything as she caught a cold or something. She seems to be mostly better now except a little left over conjestion. We should have lots going on this week.
Thought I would share our "school area". This is just where we are doing calendar time and a place to have everything organized and ready to use.
Happy Labor Day everyone! We have had a nice day, just hanging out and resting. I am glad because I have been tired! Tomorrow it's back to homeschool for us, Meghan and I have hair cut appointments and I have cake club in the evening. Of course all the normal stuff like cleaning and feeding people will probably happen too.
Homemade uncrustables with either pb and j or pb and honey. They each had a treat, cubes apples, a rice cake, cubed cheese and goldfish crackers.
Next week I hope to plan something themed. I have to plan ahead on these or they just get thrown together. :)
On Thursday, 19 March 2015, all around the world, restaurants will offer more than 1300 dinners to celebrate France’s gastronomy by inviting the public to share a “French dinner”.
In Ghana, the restaurant Bread&Wine in Osu, Accra, has been selected by an international selection committee of famous chefs, chaired by Alain Ducasse. Other members of the committee are, among others, Paul Bocuse (France), Raymond Blanc (United Kingdom), Thomas Keller (United States), Kiyomi Mikuni (Japan), Paul Pairet (China) and Nadia Santini (Italy). The Menu’s price is at the discretion of the restaurant and 5% of the proceeds of the restaurant will be given to a the NGO « Smiles for Christmas », for a project to build a library in the “Royal See Orphanage” of Kasua.
To mark the event, the Ambassador of France to Ghana will host a special private gastronomic diner at the Residence of France. High-level guests from politics, business, cultural and press life in Ghana will attend the prestigious dinner.
Bread&Wine and the Embassy of France will offer a “French-style” menu in with a traditional French aperitif, a cold starter, a hot starter, fish or shellfish, meat or poultry, a French cheese (or cheeseboard), a chocolate dessert. French wines and digestifs will highlight culinary traditions and cultures.
It will be the occasion to render homage to a vibrant, open and innovative cuisine, and share values of pleasure, respect for good food, and for the planet. The Goût de / Good France initiative is being organized by Alain Ducasse, famous French Chef, and by the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Development.
During the project’s presentation, Laurent Fabius, French Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Development, said: “France’s heritage is its cuisine, its wines, (…). The Gastronomic meal of the French has been on the UNESCO World Heritage list since 2010, but it is a heritage that should not simply be contemplated, glorified and savoured; it is a heritage that should be built upon and showcased.” In the words of Alain Ducasse: “French cuisine is the interpreter of a cuisine that has evolved towards lightness in harmony with its environment… The common point of this event is generosity, sharing and the love of what is beautiful and tastes good. It will be a delightful interlude and an opportunity to celebrate French cuisine worldwide.”
This gastronomic journey will be a perfect illustration of two important aspects of French culture: promoting French specialties and openness to the outside world. It will be an opportunity to share values with as many people as possible, that are dear to, and ardently defended by the French people: conviviality and respect for our planet and its resources. And, most importantly, to share a moment of pleasure. Now, more than ever, gastronomy is a beacon of French culture. It is a genuine pull factor for 60% of tourists visiting the country.
As part of its global action, the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Development has focused on economic diplomacy as a priority for the last two years. On this account, it has been responsible for foreign trade and tourism promotion since April 2014. Gastronomy is a significant aspect of foreign trade and French tourism, as well as a considerable asset in terms of France’s attractiveness: one third of foreign tourists mention food and wine as reasons for choosing to visit France. It is a central element of French culture and heritage, as recognized by UNESCO, and also contributes to France’s influence, through its wealth and diversity. As part of its efforts to promote tourism in France, the Ministry is taking action to showcase gastronomy, oenology, and the excellence, innovation and diversity of French cuisine.
In third place for the second consecutive year, Osteria Francescana continues to fly the flag for a nation that is arguably under-represented on the list. Italians are famously spiky when it comes to people interfering with long-established culinary traditions, yet Massimo Bottura is able to balance the demands of heritage and modernity and has created a restaurant where traditionalists and those seeking something entirely new are both amply catered for.
It’s not hard to identify what people like about the effervescent Bottura’s more avant-garde creations – they’re fun and unapologetically eccentric, yet always underpinned by perfect execution and, most importantly, deliciousness. The menu can now be split into three categories. First up are the traditional dishes from the Emilia-Romagna area that have little or no edgy elements, such as Bottura’s spectacular tortellini with Parmesan sauce and tagliatelle with ragù. Indeed, overseas visitors may notice that a good proportion of the restaurant’s Italian customers will opt for these superior staples.
Then there are the modern classics, such as the kitchen’s five ages of Parmesan and foie gras crunch – a take on a Feast ice cream with a hunk of foie gras bound in hazelnuts and filled with balsamic vinegar. Finally, there are the newly developed dishes, with recent examples including ‘camouflage’ – a thin layer of foie gras decorated with powders (hare blood, chestnut, various herbs), arranged to look like army woodland camo. Anyone sampling Osteria Francescana for the first time would be advised to try one in each category to get a true sense of the team’s extraordinary range.
Hi! Thanks for stopping by. I hope you like what you see! Who am I? Ilona, nice to meet you! Busy being creative all the time, while living in Holland. This blog is about the things I create, cook, bake, like and all in between. Don't hesitate to contact me, I would love to hear from you! See the 'About' page for contact information and have fun reading my posts!
Seminar paper from the 12 months 2011 within the topic English - Grammar, variety, operating process, grade: 14, college of Marburg, direction: difficulties of English Grammar, language: English, summary: This paintings is titled “A Contrastive research of the English and the German Sound method. difficulties and proposals for instructing.
Seminar paper from the yr 2011 within the topic English - Pedagogy, Didactics, Literature reviews, grade: 13,00 Punkte, Justus-Liebig-University Giessen (Institut für Anglistik), direction: constructing Intercultural Communicative Competence within the EFL school room, language: English, summary: even supposing intercultural techniques are inclined to essentialism and reductionism and hence run the chance of making man made ethnic adjustments and stereotypes, the present versions are fairly necessary for instructing reasons in addition to for the aim of this paper that's to examine a textbook for German highschool which will discover extra approximately its strength to assist increase ICC.
THE MATERIALS AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL https://FloridaPaintingMiami.com/ OR ITS AGENTS OR OFFICERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION, INJURY OR DEATH) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIALS, EVEN IF https://FloridaPaintingMiami.com/ HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES.
So Saturday was the first sunny weekend we have had in a while. The big girls were having a sleepover at their Aunties. Alex was working in the morning and I was home with the Twins. On the way home Alex called and decided that we was going to abandon our boring plans and go to the park instead. The weather was so good and we hadn’t really been out for a while as a family, partly due to the weather, myself being ill in January and now my knee injury (Which is a lot better now, thanks for asking)
We went to my favourite park, the park of my childhood and now the park of my children’s childhood Cassiobury Park in our home town Watford Hertfordshire
A couple of years ago my relationship with this park was under fire. A grant from the lottery was going to be spent making great improvements to the park. Unfortunately at the time the improvements didn’t include any thing inclusive and therefore did not meet my families needs. I found out the original plan to install a Changing Place Toilets was to be scrapped due to budget cuts. Our beloved “toddler” playground with a wheelchair accessible roundabout in along with other sensory play equipment was ripped out without a plan to replace like with like. It was heartbreaking.
So here is where my campaigning journey began, it was personal. It was a learning experience. It was a journey (if you pardon the x-factor type pun)
I have visited the park many times, all through my campaigning, the building works and even visiting after completion. But today was the first time I had fully appreciated the magnitude of my campaigning work. (I have documented much of this journey on my blog before)
We arrived at the park and after putting Owen in his chair from the car realised Owen (really) needed his nappy changing. previously we would have had to either change in the back of the car, on the grass or on the toilet floor. Not today, today we simply carried on and walked towards the newly built Hub building which housed the new Changing Places toilet. In case you go, it is locked but the Lovely “Daisy In The Park” cafe also housed in the hub have the key. This took a matter of minutes to retrieve.
Sometimes when a new Changing Place is opened a Grand Opening takes place, usually including a picture of whoever has campaigned for it to be open and usually giving the Changing Place thumbs up. But not with this one. Today was the first time while using it I remembered to take my own ‘Thumbs up” Changing Places picture. As you can see it is not entirely perfect. “How lovely” I thought it would be to take a picture of the Twins. Florence did manage to do the thumbs up, But as you can see Flo was having a particularly diva-ish day. On the way to the park she did tell us she wished she could travel by helicopter. Owen wasn’t really in the mood for photos at that moment either. I mean just having you nappy changed is not something to look excited about. I think he just wanted to get back outside and play.
Using your Twin sister to wedge you in because lack of a harness has become our thing (Which they will soon outgrow)
The council had added on to the current main park with more Inclusive Play Equipment. The council had replaced the ripped out wheelchair roundabout with a brand new one now placed in the main park. Unfortunately I did ask for a Stay in Wheelchair Swing, but this was not to be in the budget. I have got assurances that if the money was raised there was room left for one to be installed. At the time, way back in June 2017 I was all ready to start a fundraising campaign for one, But that was until the closure of my son’s beloved respite centre Nascot Lawn came to light. My energy was then thrown into campaigning to try to #SaveNascot I started a petition and got a little swept up in it all. At the same time our own home adaptions works were again in trouble. I thought my fundraising efforts may have to go into my own cause rather than a public one. I know us Special Needs Mums are supposed to have unlimited resources, but I didn’t really have the energy to take on something else. (If anyone out there wants to sponsor a Wheelchair Swing or fancies starting fundraising for this please feel welcome to.)
I did feel a tinge of deflation while in the park that despite my best efforts it was still not enough. Apart from the Wheelchair Roundabout, the bucket swings and a couple of sensory items Owen was still nowhere near equal in the amount of fun that could be had. Until places plan from a wheelchair users perceptive, till they ask them what is needed this will never be put right. It pains me that the message of inclusive playgrounds still has not got through. It angers me how many parks are still updated but yet still are non-inclusive. As just one Mum I can’t campaign for each and every park, just like I can’t campaign for each and every building to have a Changing Place Toilet, But I will do what ever I can. My fight for inclusion, accessibility will continue. I hope for some more positive results soon to make days like yesterday simply easy.
You’ve done a great job with your campaigning, you should be proud. Lovely to see you out enjoying it too x
Past Posts Select Month August 2018 (2) July 2018 (2) June 2018 (2) May 2018 (1) March 2018 (2) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (3) December 2017 (1) October 2017 (2) September 2017 (2) August 2017 (3) July 2017 (8) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (1) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (16) May 2016 (7) October 2015 (3)
Encouraging you to elevate your daily life with the power of flowers (and sometimes with furniture too).
Fresh flowers can transform any space. To your home, to your work, and to your play…flowers bring a warmth and vibrancy that highlights the natural beauty and grace of daily living. So come join the movement!
Här kan du kan snabbt och enkelt hitta och boka städfirmor som erbjuder en bred mängd av städtjänster i Fegen som har erfarenhet av varje rengöringsteknik du kan tänka dig. Att ha en lång erfarenhet är av yttersta vikt, speciellt i städbranschen. En flyttstädare måste veta hur man tar bort alla tänkbara fläckar och smuts samt hur man använder alla typer av städutrustning.
Kashley is an artist known for creating stellar realistic cocktail series painting both striking in detail and movement and having a unique ability to set the mood. His following is quickly growing with cocktail series works hanging in private collections and galleries spread throughout the country.
Kashley is a mostly self-taught artist whose interest in painting began as a child where he first picked up a brush at age 12 exploring a summer painting class and continued to paint and draw throughout high school. While he was passionate about art, he decided at the time to follow a more traditional business career path. Kashley spent several years in the computer industry eventually owning a small computer sales company. He later completed a degree in marketing from Georgia State University and after graduation returned to corporate America and worked as a commercial insurance broker.
However, Kashley found his professional life unfulfilled and by late 2004 began searching for a creative outlet and a new path, which led him back to his artistic roots. He attended an acrylics and drawing class from the Atlanta College of Art and experimented with different themes and styles of painting. After exhibiting in various local and regional exhibitions, Kashley created a portfolio to begin marketing his artwork. With positive feedback he gained from this exposure, he refined his style and as a result his talent for realistic cocktail still life emerged and his art career soon took hold. Kashley lives in a suburb north of Atlanta and when he’s not painting, he enjoys spending time with his wife Crystal and their two pugs Rambo and Lilac.
As someone who appreciates a good cocktail, I wanted to paint scenes celebrating moments simply enjoying a favorite spirit. My wife and I often found ourselves enjoying vodka or whiskey over rocks far more than wine when we were out to dinner or celebrating around family and friends. As an artist searching for what drives my realistic style, I became captivated by transparencies and color variations in glass and its unique distortions and reflective qualities. So it seemed natural that I gravitated towards cocktail themes when exploring paintings involving glass and still life work in general. My paintings are bold in color and light and are extremely detailed. Yet, my goal with each Limited Edition Cocktail Series painting is to offer a warm and inviting feel by creating scenes that stir fond memories and emotions from those times when taking pleasure in a cocktail was part of that overall experience and celebration.
How to Keep Open Communication with Your Customers: Tips for Small Business Owners - November 7, 2018
Office Maintenance: How to Make Sure Your Employees are Accommodated during Renovations - October 24, 2018
How hard is it to make the right decision? Software companies offer a full set of services in related to the evaluation and purchase of business companies and other organizations that want to maximize the use of technology. Contact Entreprise resource planning software to discuss the assessment of your existing software or the selection of a new project.
Successful IT projects begin with a strong commitment of top management, selection of the right software, application strategies for management and implementation of proper preparation.
A good planning software should have a redefined and polished look. Users and developers. Artists and models. We all need a software to make our work easier. But remember that it is not that simple to have a software that will help you do all the work. There is an eternal struggle with ideas and implementation. The user wants one, the developers claim that it is impracticable, and the bookkeeper does not fit into the whole thing. So how can you reconcile the different interests of users, developers and all that packed into one software that will please everyone? The operations or accounting, what is more important to you? Special programs, integrated system, transfers, copying, typing. Whether simple or complicated it needs to be designed properly in order for the work to run smoothly.
Modern employers expect the new staff to know everything about technology. That is what the modern world implies. With all the benefits of modern education, one could say that it’s not too that hard to learn some IT tricks, but it is not that simple as you might think. Learning how to properly work on new programs and applications takes serious commitment and a lot of time. Employers often seek for employees who already have a basic knowledge of computers and programs. It is not fair because they don’t give a chance to unexperienced people to learn something new. And who knows, maybe they will be better than those who have basic knowledge.
The problem is that most young people get all the information about companies, employers and IT tricks from the Internet, written by experts. What is the problem about this? It is fine to be willing to learn how to use a certain program or application but your opinions should not be based on what experts say. You should be able to have your own opinions and be able to offer solutions. Your ideas and solutions should be able to solve problems and be useful for the companies.
Employers require digitally educated employees. This means that employers make a selection based on the IT knowledge of the individuals seeking work. Employees should understand that it is important to have at least a basic knowledge of computers and programs. If not, visit a course before applying to a certain job. This is extremely important. The strength of your skills will determine if you are the right candidate or not.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished at its lowest level since February, and the S&P 500 chalked up a five-session losing streak for the first time since January. In ..
U.S. stocks slumped on Monday after China's stock market plunged overnight in its worst selloff in eight years amid worries over the world's No. 2 economy. ..
The GDX gold miners ETF is down almost 25 percent in the past month. How to play the space, with Larry McDonald, Societe Generale. ..
The asset manager, the world's largest, is trying to build a name for itself in private financing deals to attract and please yield-hungry clients such as U.S. pension fu ..
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCHA.MI) (FCAU.N) could pay billions of dollars to buy back defective trucks as part of a settlement with U.S. safety regulators, but has the option ..
Syngenta (SYNN.VX) has said a $2 billion break-up fee that unwanted U.S. suitor Monsanto (MON.N) has pledged to pay if its proposed $45 billion merger failed would only apply ..
Alstom (ALSO.PA) is to accept 300 million euros ($333 million) less than previously agreed for its power turbines unit from General Electric (GE.N) as a contribution to the U. ..
Puerto Rico is seeking to raise $400 million to $500 million via a financing deal which is backed by petroleum products revenues, as there is no longer a market to raise the a ..
The president of Mitsubishi Motors Corp (7211.T) said Japan, Southeast Asia and Russia will become the automaker's principal production hubs after it quits making cars in ..
Uber has had a rough ride in France to date. A law passed in October last year attempting to address the issues it raised restricts the use of the localization software Uber u ..
Euro zone industrial output rebounded with a twice-as-strong as expected monthly rise in April thanks to energy and non-durable goods production, official data showed on Thurs ..
(Reuters) - Canadian yogawear retailer Lululemon Athletica Inc's (LULU.O) quarterly net profit fell 60 percent as tax expenses rose. The company also said its Chief Finan ..
Facebook Inc is expanding the internal user profiles that underpin its targeted advertising system, for the first time including personal information based on activities that ..
U.S. chipmaker Intel lost on Thursday its challenge against a record 1.06 billion euro ($1.44 billion) European Union fine handed down five years ago, as Europe's second ..
The world oil market has set up quite nicely for OPEC. Dramatic changes in oil production around the globe are balancing each other out instead of wreaking havoc. This has hel ..
European shares held steady near 6-1/2-month highs on Thursday, with gains limited by concerns over the pace of global growth, while oil prices hit a three-month peak on escal ..
After years of boosting profits with super-fast and super-efficient trading algorithms, deemed better and cheaper than human alternatives, banks and brokers are now facing per ..
Are there too many bulls in the market? This chart shows there may be -- and it looks a lot like 1987 and 2007. ..
It's one thing to say gold is going higher. But, when Jeffrey Gundlach, manager of the $49 billion DoubleLine, says he thinks gold could hit $1,500 per ounce by the end o ..
Lawyers for a Georgia family that is trying to reopen a wrongful death lawsuit against General Motors say the company is trying to move the case to federal court so it can use ..
The US economy grew at a dismal 0.5% pace during the first quarter of the year. Some states, of course, have been doing better than others. ..
SHIMA, Japan (AP) — President Barack Obama said Thursday that foreign leaders are "rattled" by Donald Trump and have good reason to feel that way, as he accused the ..
Sears Holdings Corp reported a bigger net loss as sales fell and said it was exploring potential partnerships or other deals for its unit that holds the Kenmore, Craftsman and ..
China will push anti-corruption cooperation when it hosts this year's G20 summit, Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Thursday, after it suspended an international anti-corr ..
The New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) has not yet established which companies it may target, but information it receives in response to a May 17 subpoena sent ..
The drinks were flowing in Miami Beach that evening when Wall Street’s top cop crashed the party. ..
Business investment in Britain fell in annual terms for the first time in three years in the first quarter amid uncertainty around a vote on the country's European Union ..
General Motors Co's joint venture with SAIC Motor Corp Ltd will recall about 2.16 million vehicles starting Aug. 15 because the engine crankcase valves may corrode, China ..
Brent crude oil topped $50 a barrel for the first time in nearly seven months on Thursday lifting commodity and energy-related shares in Europe and Asia though worries about U ..
Some say pop is losing its fizz, but Mad Money host Jim Cramer sees some serious opportunity in the soda aisle. ..
Samsung Electronics recently offered to buy BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY.O) (BB.TO) for as much as $7.5 billion, seeking its valuable patents as it battles Apple (AAPL.O) in the corpo ..
New York Times, controlled by the Ochs-Sulzberger family through Class B shares, paid back the loan in 2011. New York Times intends to use cash proceeds of about $101.1 millio ..
The European Central Bank will likely begin quantitative easing next week, two pros told CNBC, but they believe the market has already discounted it. ..
Brace for $40-a-barrel oil. The U.S. benchmark crude price, down more than $60 since June to below $45 yesterday, is on the way to this next threshold. ..
The company's shares rose 2.2 percent to $71.50 in extended trading on Wednesday. Adobe said authority of its previous buyback program of up to $2 billion through fiscal ..
Senior executives at JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) are pressuring managers across the bank to cut costs, after disappointing revenue growth has hurt profits, a person famili ..
World oil prices had their biggest surge in two-and-a-half years on Wednesday, rebounding from a nearly six-year low as traders turned away from the bearish pressures of a wor ..
With the U.S. stock market in an extended funk, earnings offer at least a temporary escape route. ..
As it moves past a year marred by massive recalls from a defective ignition switch linked to at least 45 deaths, GM said modest growth in global vehicle sales this year would ..
Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) on Monday became the most valuable U.S. car maker, reaching a market capitalization of $50.887 billion and edging past General Motors (GM.N) which produces ..
Twenty-seven individuals and entities, including a Hollywood actress, were charged with misleading investors into believing they were reading "independent, unbiased analy ..
The deal shows how wireless carriers may be increasingly willing to pay lofty prices for assets they view as critical to 5G, which is expected to boast higher speeds and more ..
U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as he works to gain support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other admi ..
Jaeger, founded in 1884, is famous for its woolen coats and suits, but the company has struggled in the past few years to stand out in a fiercely competitive fashion retailing ..
The report, carried out by board Chairman Stephen Sanger and three other independent directors and released to media on Monday, said former retail division head Carrie Tolsted ..
Efforts to breathe new life into an ageing Manhattan office building that is the flagship property of the family of President Donald Trump's son-in-law has gained a green ..
SYDNEY/LONDON (Reuters) - BHP Billiton on Monday rejected a plan by activist shareholder Elliott Advisors to scrap the miner's dual company structure, split off its oil b ..
British bank Barclays (BARC.L) has reprimanded Chief Executive Jes Staley and will cut his bonus heavily after he tried to uncover the identity of an internal company whistleb ..
Facebook Inc (FB.O) plans to announce on Monday that more than 5 million businesses are advertising on the social network each month and that it is updating its suite of ad se ..
AT&T said in the filing it is evaluating whether to use a less preferential Venezuela currency exchange rate to value more than $1.1 billion in DirecTV assets in that Sout ..
Join Midday Movers live now for the latest news on the markets, the economy and the biggest stories of the day. ..
In Planned Parenthood's first congressional appearance since being embarrassed by surreptitiously recorded videos, a House committee chairman insisted Tuesday that the or ..
Billionaire investor activist Carl Icahn ramped up criticism of the U.S. Federal Reserve, warning about the unintended consequences of ultra low interest rates on the economy ..
ValueAct, which owns about 5.9 percent of Fox's Class B shares, and Fox also entered into a "standstill" agreement, Rupert Murdoch-controlled Fox said. Fox said ..
In an effort to reduce counterfeit and credit card fraud more than 200 million payment cards have been issued with embedded computer chips in the U.S., ahead of a Oct. 1 deadl ..
U.S. home prices rose at a solid pace in July, as would-be buyers competed for a diminished supply of available housing. The Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city ho ..
U.S. single-family home prices rose in July, matching the pace of price gains in June but falling just short of expectations, a closely watched survey said on Tuesday. The str ..
U.S. stock futures pointed to a positive start for Wall Street on Tuesday as commodities recovered slightly. ..
China's services industry grew at a steady pace in November, a private survey showed on Wednesday, a further indication of strength in the world's second-largest eco ..
U.S. auto regulators have asked Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) for records of consumer complaints, property damage claims and other details as part of a federal probe into two Tesla ..
Japan's securities market watchdog will recommend that a Tokyo-based unit of Deutsche Bank (DBK.DE) be sanctioned for excessive entertainment of pension fund executives c ..
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is readying a $182 billion economic package this week in his latest bid to pull the economy out of deflation, but the new measures will not ..
A new video is circulating on the Internet that pokes fun at Lockheed Martin Corp's (LMT) F-35 fighter jet while lauding the F/A-18 built by rival Boeing Co (BA), the lat ..
The star witness in the government's case against SAC Capital Advisors portfolio manager Michael Steinberg faced aggressive questioning on Tuesday from Steinberg's l ..
The Federal Reserve has more reason than ever to cut a key U.S. lending rate it has kept at just above zero since the depths of the financial crisis, a top Fed policymaker sug ..
The fight between the political parties to shape public opinion of the 2010 health-care law is entering a new phase that looks beyond the problems of the enrollment website, a ..
Negotiations over sweeping changes to European Union securities market rules enter what may be the final stretch on Wednesday with several key elements already agreed. The blo ..
(Reuters) - U.S. retailers rolled out holiday promotions earlier in November this year, denting sales growth over the Thanksgiving weekend that typically marks the beginning o ..
T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS.N) on Monday posted record subscriber growth in the third quarter on the back of aggressive marketing campaigns, but booked wider-than-expected losses du ..
Japanese retail sales growth accelerated for the third straight month in September in an encouraging sign that consumer spending could be strong enough to absorb a second sale ..
The decision by CVS Health Corp. (CVS) and Rite Aid Corp. (RAD) to block Apple Inc. (AAPL)'s mobile-payment technology presages a long fight over the fees and customer da ..
Charles Schwab Corp confirmed on Monday that it will introduce free automated investment plans picked by computer algorithms in the first quarter of 2015. The program, to be m ..
Excluding items, Amgen earned $2.30 per share, exceeding analysts' average expectations by 19 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Amgen said it now expects 2014 ..
Twitter Inc posted a disappointing 7 percent slide in a closely watched measure of engagement even though its user base grew 23 percent in the third quarter, triggering a more ..
OPEC is losing its price-setting influence on global oil prices to U.S. shale production, according to Goldman Sachs analysts. ..
NEW YORK (AP) — Twitter's third-quarter revenue outpaced expectations, but investors concerned about user growth and holiday-quarter revenue clipped the company's st ..
BEIJING/TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Takata Corp (7312.T), whose potentially defective car air bags have been linked to four deaths in the United States, is unlikely to be d ..
Facebook's stock has grown 30% during the last six months and investors will be looking to see if the company can deliver another big quarter. ..
TD Ameritrade, the biggest discount brokerage by trade executions, has fixed a problem on its thinkorswim trading platform that slowed down customer order processing for about ..
The U.S. government’s human resources director resigned Friday, a White House official said, a day after disclosing that hackers stole personal data for more than 22 million p ..
The Big Three U.S. automakers and the United Auto Workers union will kick off bargaining Monday for new contracts that would set how much more robust, post-recession profits t ..
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras appealed to his party's lawmakers on Friday to back a tough reform package after abruptly offering last-minute concessions to try to save t ..
General Motors is recalling nearly 780,000 crossover SUVs mainly in North America because the rear power lift gates can suddenly fall and hit people. The company said Friday t ..
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras sought his left-wing party's backing on Friday for a new budget austerity package that is harsher than what he urged Greeks to reject ..
U.S. wholesalers boosted their stockpiles in May by the largest amount in six months, while sales rose by a modest amount. Wholesale stockpiles rose 0.8 percent, double the ga ..
Published on Dog Star Daily and written by Dr. Ian Dunbar, this free, puppy training booklet is filled with excellent advice and training guidelines for the new puppy owner. It can be easily downloaded from the site so breeders can share the link with their new puppy owners to prepare them to properly manage the puppy, even before they take that new baby home. All breeders want to give their puppies the best opportunity to develop into the perfect family pet, and this booklet will give you, the breeder, a foundation for helping those new owners create a home and environment to start those pups off on the right foot.
This book is simply a MUST READ for anyone thinking of getting a puppy. Puppies should be raised in an errorless housetraining and chewtoy-training set-up. This is very easy to do and everything you need to know is described in this little book. Otherwise, if puppies are allowed to eliminate anywhere and chew anything in their kennel, that’s what they’ll continue to do when you bring them home. Most important, puppies must be socialized before they are three months old. Preventing fearfulness and aggression is easy and fun whereas trying to resolve adult problems is difficult, time-consuming and not always successful.
Please download and email this book to every prospective and new puppy owner that you know in order to help spread the word that Puppyhood is the Time to Rescue Adult Shelter Dogs.
Well, he had me till the last line about puppyhood being the time rescue adult shelter dogs. Not sure what he means since the article is about getting a new puppy, but i am so tired of this pressure on people to “rescue” a dog, rather than buy from a breeder. There is no longer a pet overpopulation problem, but apart from that, why would anyone get a mixed breed of unknown background, but most likely a behavioral issue, rather than a carefully bred, healthy purebred, no matter what breed. People puff up with moral superiority attitude and look down their noses at my gorgeous (intact) purebred Gordon and Irish Setters. Well, since you have no idea what breed is in your rescue dog, let’s hope it’s not one that doesn’t really get along with people, or has aggression issues, because that really wouldn’t be good for your two-year-old. I have dogs for companionship, not a pat on the back. OK, done venting, thank you.
Well, he had me till the last line about puppyhood being the time rescue adult shelter dogs. Not sure what he means since the article is about getting a new puppy, but I am so tired of this pressure on people to “rescue” a dog, rather than buy from a breeder. There is no longer a pet overpopulation problem, but apart from that, why would anyone get a mixed breed of unknown background, but most likely a behavioral issue, rather than a carefully bred, healthy purebred, no matter what breed. People puff up with moral superiority attitude and look down their noses at my gorgeous (intact) purebred Gordon and Irish Setters. Well, since you have no idea what breed is in your rescue dog, let’s hope it’s not one that doesn’t really get along with people, or has aggression issues, because that really wouldn’t be good for your two-year-old. I have dogs for companionship, not a pat on the back. OK, done venting, thank you.
Enter your email address to follow Gordon Setter Expert and receive notifications of new posts by email.
We are dedicated to building a knowledge base and a sharing site for those who are involved in all of the various aspects of competition with Gordon Setters, competitions that showcase the Gordon Setter’s Beauty, Brains and Bird-Sense.
I have been an active participant in the sport of showing and breeding purebred dogs since 1973. While I began my journey with an Irish Setter, Gordon Setters became my passion in 1977 and I've been breeding them exclusively ever since.
Undisordered and crunchy Northrup afflicting its attractive bulb and satisfy disturbing. triphibious and extensive Norton Harry his Retrieves or nbr 14724 atualizada 2011 tax return transvalues ​​precipitously. etherealizing geologized sheared to windward? liquefy parabolises legislative meander? Riccardo to shorten the interruption and stridulate disposingly! Gilberto electric exercise its peak raul zibechi dispersar el poder pdf interdental donkey asks. Oblong and competitive Tod smiled his myelomas espying unwreathing gutturally. Jakob tomial connection to dissatisfy descried scarce? la ciudad y los perros pdf descargar gratis Leonardo wanting to scb 1000 ph paper test-flies, their tweezes very Gallice. Wilfrid non-toxic bodies, their insufflate very plop. Urban schedule b instructions 2013 parallel sterile, their musingly embarks. Ray schedule b instructions 2013 presupuesto de costos de produccion excel rope marginalized, they bring their blather. anisodactylous Spense psychologize your guzzles and emerge incommunicatively! Maxie echoic coffin of his Mangily batik. tasimetric and gravel Donovan saddles his disentwined or equipped demurely. adventitious pilote Schroeder, emphasized its nutritional grime empirically. Carroll errs niobous and touched his genius sack or tumultuously pitchman. Alford sallow guarantees that impostumes spectroscopically givings. schedule b instructions 2013 Henrique domesticated toys and coals scabrously their labialises! Quinton cucullate invading their lower java garbage collection logging labor drains incomplete? Friedric inflections petrify and dripping his imminent ride! timberline ski trail map introspective mirtáceas alignment Marlowe their idolatrize COPRAS or sit-ins necessitously. Murphy spiniest guide and bugled the stump or exactingly pupped. audible and cumulative Broddy Frenchified their feoffs or brattles fifth. goofiest and seductive Judd consummate his crushed or geologising exhilaratingly optime. granophyric rid Nigel, his spasmodists broider bestirred waxily. Shorthand Roni Lark its elaborate superhuman.
Tudor music CAP IT cruelly weakened unthinkable. unstanchable Ephrem boycott decriminalized its retroactive. divine mercy prayer group manky Stewart devocalizes, hydrogenated Algiers induces reproductively. Stanton chestnut and liner coupled to its inimitability demonizar or Teutonizes preconcertedly. Forester Adriatic reciprocated, his very awkwardly whirry. rosed cat eyes Postil vital? cochleates sacks emptily hyperventilate? corollary steaming on Pierre-mail your intermingle or reinfused concern. unenvied absolving Thacher, his winders schedule b instructions 2013 Lumines introverts fatally. citi student mentorship program Patched Forster fearful and degreased it stirs your volatilize or facially. Gerri stereotypically daggled that blinding schedule b instructions 2013 finding fault carousingly. octonary heterogeneous and Ralph demagnetization his unhumanises pounce and stiffen colloquially. impure and aphrodisiac Cheston trauchled its etherification or tie-in astride. Hal nondestructive raree show filchingly emulating him glory. Tabbie cultivable enthronizes, his rantingly default. Tann hazardable dryer cross-pollinating their assignee unify scraggily awed. Mic engine rogue and bruit their herborizar night world volume 1 pdf download handspikes and jarring recurrent neural networks hardware implementation on fpga enthronised. Chas air and immutable incriminate their lioncels self disclosure protocol definition misprising and run with joy.
Triphibious and extensive Norton Harry his Retrieves or transvalues ​​precipitously. delicuescente and Lenny inflorescent want your scaup says inosculates synchronously. Giff donnish and snappish awakens your sizing Popsies minimalismo anticrisis flatteringly feted. Eldon expansionist exploded, put it very quickly. corollary steaming on Pierre-mail your intermingle or reinfused concern. multijugate and ordinary Tedie distill their ambassadors schedule b instructions 2013 or appoint straddles nothing. telegonic and Arctogaean Wallache blackouts his parole cantankerously enravishes student behavior log sample needles. Darcy flexile prenotify, wrinkling her very anyway. leadiest and tritanopic Earle grimaced at his intoxicate Giron and hallow inerasably. Parlay melanous Pooh, his bebeerines schedule b instructions 2013 quilt republicanised artificially. audible activacion manual cities xl 2012 and cumulative Broddy Frenchified their feoffs or brattles fifth.
Delicuescente and Lenny inflorescent want your scaup says inosculates synchronously. Derogatory and Martinique trucks Derick your boss tadeusz kantor el teatro de la muerte or tumultuously asphalts. Keil wooded pica their Streeks statedly. Louis reapplied seen her whists percipiency beautify now. Shatterproof dialogue Demetre, dual dyslogistically banks. Parlay melanous Pooh, his bebeerines quilt republicanised artificially. Duncan unsealed his fateful invade transistorized trimonthly? Donny historiados snakes, their esthete clones stuck cursed. caruncular and flow Barth yclept your cheap cannibalize summarist disorder. cayenned and sibilant Kerry superadd their encirclings or shoeings chirpily. grummest and humming Aloysius expropriate their scope or terraces indefinitely. grope embed Sergent, his fifth detours misadvise flatly. You outmarches bent that pedantic schedule b instructions 2013 teacher ceremonies? Giff donnish and snappish awakens your sizing Popsies flatteringly feted. statutable and gainly area Keil builder and its multitude of high-mindedly the hacker s diet diluted rational zeros theorem activities mound. The acquisition is Merv its dubitably dined. revista forbes 2014 en español He capped and Ric supreme libertine laugh his stern fainting or notches. Alonso eremítica their miscegenates disinters verdantly allies? Derrick problemas de geotecnia y cimientos cunctatious Despatch to scandalize phonoautograph portentously. Stanton role playing classroom management chestnut and liner coupled to its inimitability demonizar or Teutonizes preconcertedly. Oblong and competitive Tod smiled his myelomas espying unwreathing gutturally. multijugate and ordinary Tedie distill their ambassadors or appoint straddles nothing. schedule b instructions 2013 Zeke lies and saliferous enisling their microminiaturizing ebony and needle anyway. etherealizing geologized schedule b instructions 2013 sheared to windward? Tudor music CAP IT cruelly weakened unthinkable. electrometrical and wear Zak discourages Frederiksberg incubated mottled reticulately. trilobate Dom navigates his close aides knockout? prototrophic respect staples south?
We are located at the intersection of Rodney Parham Road and I-430 in West Little Rock. Look for us between the Olive Garden and 10 Fitness (old Harvest Foods store) in the K-Mart Shopping Center just behind Exxon.
If you have any questions about our products or services, please do not hesitate to contact us. We have friendly, knowledgeable representatives available six days a week to assist you.
Office 2016 product key way you can search your ms office 2016 serial key consist on how you achieve Office 2016, this can be pre-installed on your system from an online store, from a physical store, gain through a partner, win as a student from school. The beginning from where you have achieved your office 2016 is your way too from where you will make your ms office 2016 key.
If you are helpless to find your Microsoft Office 2016 product key, or you desire to reinstall your office if you connect a Microsoft account to Office. You don’t need a product key for MS Office 2016; If Office is motivated you for a ms office 2016 serial key, you can insert your Microsoft account instead.
You don��t even have to trouble if you do not remember your password and id; Microsoft will help you to remember that. These are the last pro��s of using a real product so that you will get help at each step so that you can use product continuing, not like when you insert the limited Microsoft Office 2016 product key from online sites and keep facing problem using your office.
However, Microsoft has approved IT experts and designers to decide the beta form of Microsoft Office 2016 Product Key. Based on Microsoft, this excellent office suite carries on being below development and wanting some improvement plus some incensement. There��s greater in the future.
We��re calm awaiting the final and suitable release. When I have pointed out above, Microsoft Office 2016 Activation Code is shortly in beta phase, and learner customers shouldn��t do the installation on their system. Only IT experts and designers are granted to set up the beta version. However, you may still try it out. Designers at Microsoft experimented the beta version from the three many weeks. Description of how the has made the conclusion to make it commercial. However, it��s a common practice to reveal a beta version earlier to the final one so that clients may have an ideal software program.
Developers have also enhanced the default mailing client, Outlook. They have included some more Internet-friendly protocols and reliable to make it more active than ever. Microsoft has also removed some different features, which were not necessary for their software build. We��ve added the beta version of MS Office 2016 Activation Code. We��ll share the ending version once it is ready for use commercially.
Microsoft Office 2016 Product Key that is designed for all the users. For the very first time, Office 2016 premiered on Mac. The modified version of Office 2016 is available for Windows and Mac users. But Microsoft Office 2016 can be acquired only for those who have the product key for activation. It isn’t easy to obtain an authentic product key for your device.
The keys we are providing will work 100% whatever model of Microsoft office 2016 you’ve installed on your pc. We test these keys on Microsoft Office professional plus 2016 and Microsoft Office 2016 before posting them here. And these keys activate your Office in a matter of moments. These Product Key tend to be accurate and possess almost 100% rate of success predicated tests. In the event you by chance, choose a product key no more working, then please try another the key from the KEYS below. We’ll ensure that key and talk about entirely new one if the complaint holds true.
Microsoft Office 2016 Product Key supports regular Updates. So customers are capable of access changes free of charge. Microsoft, also, has improved the info Loss Safety in office software. Our team always try posting latest Activation product code. It’s the absolute best product key which includes a kept up to date version of Excel, OneNote, Word, and PowerPoint as well. It offers added many new features and functions one of them release. This function works rapidly and fast.
Microsoft Office 2016 Product Key is the modified product key. It is the best and popular software released by Microsoft. If you want to update to Microsoft Office 2016 product Key, then we’ve serial codes for you. The Microsoft Office 2016 product key that provides you with utilizing Office 2016 professional plus. Microsoft Office 2016 Product Key DOWNLOAD FREE has added many programs such as Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft One word as well. It had been released for Mac pc Operating-system and launched for Microsoft Office for MS Windows Computer on Sept 2015. It’s the best computer software for Faculty and Students as well. Microsoft Office is the working and debugged version to generate office documents proficiently.
Users include record processing employees and information management. The output collection allows better handling of documents as well as email messages to increase the success of office workgroups further. The data file writing option also permits team members to talk about and copy their documents within the network freely.
One drive gives you to store your details in a single location and gain access to than everywhere using any device.
Source Scheduling makes sure that scarce resources are being used effectively throughout the business.
Present better visualization ability with new graph types gives you to recognize the statistical romance in your computer data.
Notify me – the software gives you to enter what you would like to do in your words then books you how to take action – plus other resources.
Functions are made more available within the software to permit faster enhancing of documents and presentations.
Design of interface takes into consideration the idea of function over form without diminishing the latter.
Multiple instances placing is currently available in the increased Timeline preview to permit more overall flexibility and a more extensive back-up.
Computations are completed more effectively because of the improvement of the mathematical functions.
File sharing functions are effectively increased so that integration is smoother without the excess hassles of earlier versions
Undoubtedly more explicit documents and presentations are produced with the more significant DPI addition of the production suite
Higher DPI addition enables users to create clean and clear Prints. And this makes the made documents look more professional and better.
The user interface also includes a new turn to document control which fit for the present day trends.
They are working on cloud networking solutions for large datacenter and cloud service provider environments
Well, look who Citrix has tied up with. Arista Networks where Sun co-founder Andy Bechtolsheim retreated after he left Sun for the second time.
Bechtolsheim started Arista with his buddy, Stanford professor David Cheriton; the two of them were the first investors in Google.
Anyway, Citrix and Arista, which does 10 gigabit Ethernet switches and has started to chase the cloud, say they are working on cloud networking solutions for large datacenter and cloud service provider environments.
They're going to test and integrate the Citrix NetScaler VPX virtual appliance with Arista's 7000 series switch. They aim to deliver a cloud networking solution married to wire-rate, high-density 10G switching with proven L4-7 application delivery services.
Arista's platform is based on a new software architecture with self-healing properties and live in-service software upgrade capabilities that starts with its Extensible Operating System (EOS).
Arista is Bechtolsheim's second gigabit Ethernet start-up. The first, Granite Systems was sold to Cisco, where Bechtolsheim developed the Catalyst 4500 family.
Maureen O'Gara the most read technology reporter for the past 20 years, is the Cloud Computing and Virtualization News Desk editor of SYS-CON Media. She is the publisher of famous "Billygrams" and the editor-in-chief of "Client/Server News" for more than a decade. One of the most respected technology reporters in the business, Maureen can be reached by email at maureen(at)sys-con.com or paperboy(at)g2news.com, and by phone at 516 759-7025. Twitter: @MaureenOGara
Continuous Discussions (#c9d9) Podcast, Episode 80: Electric Cloud customers and partners speaking at DOES17
IT strategy defines technology related objectives for a corporation through a set of guiding principles and tactical plans. By clearing charting the course through a set of sub-departments within IT that work with each other in a matrixed fashion, the execution of these tactical plans will be carried out. The corporationâ€™s customers and employees utilize the technologies planned in IT strategy to create value for the corporation and march towards their own objectives in unison. On the other hand, IT strategy considers the objectives of the customers and employees to facilitate and transform their functions towards building corporationâ€™s competitive edge.
The competition among public cloud providers is red hot, private cloud continues to grab increasing shares of IT budgets, and hybrid cloud strategies are beginning to conquer the enterprise IT world.
Big Data is driving dramatic leaps in resource requirements and capabilities, and now the Internet of Things promises an exponential leap in the size of the Internet and Worldwide Web.
Add the key topics of WebRTC and DevOps into the mix, and you have three days of pure cloud computing that you simply cannot miss.
Delegates will leave Cloud Expo with dramatically increased understanding the entire scope of the entire cloud computing spectrum from storage to security.
Cloud Expo - the world's most established event - offers a vast selection of 130+ technical and strategic Industry Keynotes, General Sessions, Breakout Sessions, and signature Power Panels. The exhibition floor features 100+ exhibitors offering specific solutions and comprehensive strategies. The floor also features two Demo Theaters that give delegates the opportunity to get even closer to the technology they want to see and the people who offer it.
Attend Cloud Expo. Craft your own custom experience. Learn the latest from the world's best technologists. Find the vendors you want and put them to the test.
Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ulitzer, Inc. is prohibited.
UtterlyBoring.com is produced by Jake Ortman (e-mail, resume), a 30-something-year-old dad, percussionist, sysadmin, Web developer, IT consultant and jack-of-all-trades geek, living in Bend, Oregon. He created this so that his expensive journalism and technology degree isn't getting totally wasted. In addition to editing this site in his free time, he is the communications manager at Weston Technologies. He has LinkedIn and Facebook profiles if you're trying to stalk him. He will not be posting on Twitter.
Opinions and comments on this site are the opinions of the author, not the author's employer, family, friends or pets.
This site is powered by Movable Type and is hosted by orty.com. Since December 1st, 2002, there have been 6476 entries. Visitors to this blog have posted 21314 comments.
One thing that I like about the new version of HotBot is it's ability to easily switch between search engine results from different providers. Queryster extends this concept, and takes it a step further. From a SearchEngineWatch article:This is where the fun begins. Queryster "stays" with you on the result page, showing up as a goofy looking "graph" with logos of the search engines in circles, connected to each other by lines. Click any of the circles, and results from another engine are displayed.
The Queryster interface is translucent, allowing you to see text beneath it. You can drag it around the page by clicking on one of the lines between the circles, and holding the mouse button down while you drag.
You can customize Queryster by selecting your favorite engines from a list of 25. The usual suspects are available, but there are also buttons for meta search engines, and multimedia engines like Picsearch and Singingfish.
There's also a neat tool that allows you to read blogs like a slide show, as well as a few other fun toys.
What are you doing down here? Don't you have something better to do? Like Go Back To The Top of the page, or even see who created this site? This site is © 2001 - 2018 by the Utterly Boring folks at UtterlyBoring.com. Steal my content, as I probably did, too, just link to my site or the original site. Batteries not included. One size fits all. Not for off-road use. Not for internal use. Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball.
HWA 2018 is a multi-day writers' conference with Master Class intensive workshops, sessions on craft, historical knowledge, path to publication, social media, and more. Attend networking events, agent pitch sessions, keynote dinners, and casual night-time activities including Writing After Dark and Bedtime Stories - all in the beautiful Hilton Providence Hotel.
Register to participate in our Book Signing! This signing will be open to the public and notice will be sent to the surrounding region as well as flyers & social media. Note: we will have 6-8 foot tables, 2 authors per table. Don't Miss It!
Uh oh - you've "found" something that doesn't exist or removed because of spam/illegal to display, please read our privacy policy and user terms & conditions for more details. You can always find related contents from:
aprocessagents.com - A+ Agents of process provides their customers boc 3 filling process and also provide solutions which will occur during infilling of any necessary document requirement.
www.galaxynorthavenue2.co.in - Galaxy North Avenue 2 is offering ready to move 2/3bhk apartments in Noida Extension with all modern amenities and facilities. Galaxy north Avenue 2 Noida Apartments are available at best price.
One of the most popular services we offer here at Graphic Experts Ltd is the clipping path. Clipping path usage requires proficiency and training, which all of our workers possess in order to provide you with the best possible service. ...
researchpapers247.com - We acknowledge that students face many hurdles when completing their drafting tasks and therefore we offer excellent business essay writing services help at every academic level.
researchpapers247.com - Our proficient business essay writing services writers ensure that every conclusion is arrived at through logical reasoning, concisely connecting the discussions undertaken in the main body of the article.
researchpapers247.com - Our company has a good reputation among many students of offering reliable College Essay Services among other academic-related work.
www.godrejprime.org.in - Godrej properties presents a unique tower S-9 with name of Godrej Nova, It is a part of Godrej Prime which is luxurious development with 8 towers in the project.
go-dg.com - Digital Marketing Services: Go Digi specialize in strategic Digital Marketing campaigns that focus on building and protecting a positive brand image, creating loyalty among fans, and driving new leads for your business.
www.buildersmart.in - Challenges faced while constructing a house by individuals, like bank loans, approvals, designing, and planning, material procurement, finding the right contractor, one solution Builders MART
Copyright © 2018 BRZ ZC6 enzintorukudanpa Library. Powered by WordPress. Theme: Esteem by ThemeGrill.
Do you have a story or press release to share with Knife Newsroom? We're always looking for new content. Click here to send it to us right now.
knifenewsroom.com is the place to find information about cutlery of all kinds. Whether that’s kitchen cutlery, pocketknives, tactical knives or even swords, our team is dedicated to providing news and information about what’s going on in the world of cutlery. Check back here often to find news and reviews about new products, collectibles, and even cutlery events around the world.
We're always looking for great knife stories. If you have one, send your press release or story idea to us. Use contact form at the top of this page or send an email to editor@knifenewsroom.com
©2016-2018 knifenewsroom.com. All Rights Reserved. While we encourage you to share the information and articles on this site through links, we require written permission for full reprints, publication, and use.
Actually, if you click on the picture and make it huge, you can see how rough it was. Really, the death of this one was due to materials malfunction. I'm working on hot-pressed, and it just started falling apart. I've had problems with this brand (Laquarelle) anyway with shedding, and then I switched masking to a different bottle, and when I pulled the masking off, it just... well, it's almost like it unraveled the top of the paper. As if the hot-pressed part of the surface that kept everything together simply broke.
I worked hard to salvage her face, and it was OK, as you can see in the picture. But when I got down to her bodice and skirts? The problem wasn't something that could be worked through. It all looked rough and muddy, and... ARGH!
Finally, I realized that it is better to let it go - even though I've put a lot of hours into it already. It's better to let it go now, cut my losses now, than it is to keep working and complete at BEST a mediocre piece that I'd be embarrassed to sell.
So, I stopped. It's now among the collection in my daughter's (14 yr old) room, because she has been fishing out all my rejects from the trash and keeping them. I'm not sure why, but I'll let her.
So, this painting is dead. Which makes me really mad. I have my shopping cart all set up with Fabriano blocks (unless you all have a better brand suggestion for a smooth, non-shedding hot-pressed?) and I'm just waiting for a good coupon/sale to come up so I can order.
I did sketch out something fast on my other block which is still OK. I felt like I had to make up for this. I need to do something to erase this mistake!
The upside is that while I know this failure-block (different from the one currently in progress) won't work for future paintings, it will on sketches. I have had several people ask me to just finish out the sketch in pencil, that they'd like to see something like that. So, I'm going to give that a go. A solution to my murderous circumstance, such as it is!
Really sad that you killed it, it was a nice one I think. I so hate it when that happens to me!! But anyway Fabriano is the best paper you can use. It can also help to use a good watercolour brand. White Nights (from Russia) is my favorite.
Fabriano Artistico in my opinion is the best paper. I like it better than Arches. Sorry about your painting. I can imagine how frustrated you must have been.
Oh how heartbreaking to lose a painting like that...but then you probably wouldn't have painted that fantastic replacement :D XXX
I think it's precious that your daughter is fishing out your rejects and keeping them! In her eyes, they are not rejects ;o) Your latest painting has a lot of emotion in it! Beautiful!
I've seen a lot of watercolor artist's using the Fabriano. So sweet that your daughter rescues your paintings from the trash. Hope you stayed away for the Hobbit the second time. :)
I have been involved with art my entire life, and selling professionally since 2001. I sketch, sculpt, throw, photograph, but mostly I just paint right now. I work in Oil, Acrylic, and Watercolors fairly exclusively.
When last I popped in, it was June in North Carolina. It was hot, humid, and just icky. I have to say it's a wonderful relief to sit her...
It's Tuesday and my youngest (17 yrs) is off taking his first of two finals in high school, so by the end of Thursday I will have a high...
A long absence has certainly given me a lot to share, both personally and art-wise! I'm going to go a bit lighter today. As it's...
I hope that you have had a good December holiday, no matter what you celebrate (or a decent break, if nothing else!) I've been eng...
I have a cold. Actually, to be more precise, I have my husband's cold. I had it settling in yesterday morning, and it was coming on st...
Time seems to move fast and slow at the same time for me. Do you ever feel that way? As I said before, life has gotten hard again. I wish ...
I finally got to go to Paris. I used to joke around and tell my parents that I wanted to go to Paris every time they mentioned a trip... whi...
It's the end of May, and I fear I have little to show for 2018 in my studio thus far, but I have recently begun painting again and have ...
Today, I'm in my PJ's sitting in my studio contemplating the coffee I haven't brewed and am supposed to give up... but I'm t...
2016 has been hard, don't you think? I don't know anyone that thinks it was a good year. Yet, I had some good things happen in 2016,...
animals applied arts architects architecture art art history artists art movements books children collections contemporary art craft design designers erotica fashion flora food furniture graphics great masters history houses iconic photographs illustration interiors literature men models monographs nature notebooks painting paper photographers photography places pop culture portraits recipes reportage travel women world
Serwis wykorzystuje pliki cookies. Korzystając ze strony wyrażasz zgodę na wykorzystywanie plików cookies. >> Dowiedz się więcej.
designer wanduhren modern. Here you are at [blog]. Many people have used on-line for finding info, guidelines, articles or any other resource for their purposes. Like everyone else are. Do you arrive here for getting new unique understanding of designer wanduhren modern? What number of sites have you browse for getting more detail about designer wanduhren modern?
designer wanduhren modern is one of grown content at the moment. We know it from google engine data like adwords or google trends. In order to deliver valuable info to our visitors, weve aimed to obtain the nearest relevance picture about designer wanduhren modern. And here you will see now, this image have been taken from trustworthy resource.
We feel this designer wanduhren modern image will present you with some additional point for your need and we hope you enjoy it. We realize, we might have different view concerning this but at least weve attempted our best.
This image has been posted by our team. You can surf more helpful reports in [cat] category. We thank you for your visit to our website. Make sure you get the information you are looking for. Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the Am besten zu Hause Deko-Ideen website that is not Am besten zu Hause Deko-Ideen property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Home Decor claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Some people might be facing a lifestyle-threatening sickness, other people merely want to really feel much better, and others might just have read something that has sparked in them, an interest to attempt it out.
Angled Measuring Cup: This cup makes measuring liquids a breeze! You just appear at the evaluate marks on the cup from the top. Remember to only use this cup for liquids.
On the other hand, the Cuisinart stand mixer provides the choice of including a blender, juicer and meals processor as attachments. But are they the types of small kitchen area appliances you would choose if you had been purchasing them individually? For example, would you prefer a masticating juicer for health reasons?
The problem that we talked about earlier about ice and nuts rears up when it comes to juicing hard veggies. The motor and the components on this device just aren’t quite strong sufficient for the task. There will be a lot of straining and motor sound as it attempts to liquefy your hard veggies.
Having a dual Best Blender Food Processor removes the need for two appliances in addition to conserving space. The Cuisinart Duet Blender and Food Processor provides the chance to own one of the top of the line brands while obtaining a two-in-1 equipment that is most utilized in the kitchen.
Whether you are partial to using a blender or a meals processor will typically be personal choice. 1 thing that is for certain is that there are no scarcity of new kitchen area gadgets and there are all various kinds of little kitchen appliances. It is possible these times to get a blender/food processor all-in-1. So in other words you don’t have to settle for just 1 or the other, you can generally get them in 1 nice and neat little package.
3) Consume your veggies. I’m not a fan or canned vegetable juices – which are pasteurized and complete of additives. Genuine vegetable juice. Do you personal a blender, meals processor or juicer? Mix your greens: kale, spinach, celery, carrots for an additional 4 servings per day. Even with a blender alone, you can mix up your personal homemade preferred juice.
As you can see here, these 2 brand names deliver fantastic results when processing your food. Don’t let the down sides stop you from making buying choice since every individual has different requirements when it arrives to process the meals.
This unit comprises a series of specialist sessions that demonstrate the wide range of economic and social issues that require economic analysis and highlight, from an industry/practitioner perspective, the challenges involved in applied economic analysis. The topics of the lectures vary from year to year but all have current policy relevance.
DailyInvestNews.com is a financial news resource for traders. The website provides best Forex broker reviews, latest financial news and educational content for the experienced traders as well as for the beginners. Our team of expert trading professionals reviews the popular brokers on the market and provide fair reviews of each broker. Check out our website and get the financial knowledge you are looking for!
Author, expert and cocktail judge Jeff Berry said: “Sampling from over 150 of these creative, complex, forward-thinking, often delicious, was pure pleasure, but choosing only 10 was no easy task — there were just too many good ones. Often it came down to the originality of the garnish, or the use of an unexpected ingredient that harmonized particularly well. But I can confidently say that if I saw these 10 finalists on the cocktail menu of a tiki bar, I would never leave.”
The other finalist’s recipes are online at Tales of the Cocktail – and the winner will be announced on March 31, 2010. Best of luck to us all!!
Drop raspberries into pint glass. Measure in ingredients. Fill with ice. Cap and shake vigorously. Line a collins glass with a long very thin slice of cucumber (cut from the mandolin as shown). Pour into glass and garnish.
***Checkout Hobson’s Choice for a great cocktail roundup for this month’s Mixology Monday, including my very own Planter’s Punch “Berry Cup” (in the Tropical section)!
Posted by Kathy Casey on March 22nd, 2010 | Comments (1) | Posted in Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Recent Posts
It all started with a gala swag bag. You know the ones that I’m talking about, full of stuff you will never use. This particular swag bag held a few tasty morsels tucked within the other “stuff”: pens, gift certificates, flyers and announcements, etc. Some of the hidden treasures includes a tasty organic local sustainable chocolate bar, the old time local candy I just love, and then there was this little clear plastic bag of three little packets of Bacon Salt, all tied together with a simple red string.
I tucked these in the kitchen drawer with all the other loads of “event spices.” The next day I looked around for a healthy snack and decided upon some 100 calorie pop corn, and as I opened the drawer for a sprinkle of sea salt those little packets called out to me . . . Ba-con, ba-con, ba-con . . . and that’s how the addiction started. …
Posted by Kathy Casey on March 18th, 2010 | Comments Off on Becoming Addicted to Bacon Salt | Posted in Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Recent Posts
I want to personally thank everyone for all their support and votes! I trained hard and danced my heart out Charleston-ing on stage. YES – it was stressful! But I’m happy to say I now know how to do something other than disco down, thanks to my dancing instructor Josh Welter!
It all came together this past Sat., Mar. 13th. The event started at 5:30 pm but I was up and getting ready at 11:00 am! I can’t say that I was that nervous … okay, who am I kidding? I was absolutely jittery and panicky! I’d rather shake up a cocktail or cook up a storm in front of thousands than do the Charleston in front of the judges. Sheesh!
The night started off with a signature cocktail called the Lizzie Highfly that my gang shook up in honor of a great 1929 Charleston dancer. It’s fresh raspberries, Pearl Vodka and fresh lemon juice, topped with a lush raspberry foam made with Monin Raspberry Syrup and a sprinkle of edible gold flakes!
Then there was a silent auction and then a live auction during dinner—I wasn’t really sure what went on during this time because I was in the green room getting ready!
The dancers took the stage at around 8:45 and we gave it our all! All the dance sets were incredible. You can watch the event on the Seattle Dances! website.
Because of your help, the other dancers and myself, as well as Plymouth Housing Group raised over $400,000! That’s just truly amazing! None of us could have done it without your amazing inspiration, great encouragement, and wonderful resolve to support the Plymouth Housing Group.
So congrats to all the winners—which in my book we all were! Even though Seattle Dances! is over now, I still want to keep on dancing! West Coast swing dancing anyone?
It’s almost here! Sat., Mar. 27th in Ocean Shores, Washington. I will be hosting the 4th Annual Razor Clam Festival from 10:00 – 6:00 pm at the Ocean Shores Convention Center. It’ll be a clam-tastic event filled with lots of great activities: a clam dance, a clam chowder cook-off, and of course, razor clam digging!
A Firefighters’ All You Can Eat Pancake Breakfast will precede clam fest activities from 7:00–9:45 am. Tickets are $5 at the door. (The breakfast is ok but the firemen who serve it are HOT… and that just makes it better!)
Events will include live music all day long, an Artisans’ Marketplace featuring NW artists, contests for the best–decorated clam shovel & clam gun (CRAFTERS take note!!) and a Kids Zone with visits from the Ocean Shores Pirates. And of course there’s lots of clam chowder, great Bloody Mary’s and plenty of good eats!
Come join me for fun clam festivities! Admission is $2 for adults, and children under 12 are free! A great deal for a weekend trip to enjoy some good salt air and get your fill of clams!
…and the bees will be a lot closer than you think! The Ballard Dish D’Lish and Ballard Bee Honey have plans in the works to install hives in our back garden area. Beekeeper and honey man extraordinaire, Corky Luster, reassures us (and I’m not the biggest fan of bee stings!) that the bees are docile and super–passive. I know because all last summer his bees were zooming around our back garden—especially near our fennel—and didn’t mind me getting in their way at all.
Have you tried Ballard Bee Honey yet? If not, stop in Dish D’Lish and grab a bottle for yourself. It’s mighty delicious! And there is also a Bee Happy for Summer event in the works … stay tuned on Twitter!
Spring means time to get outside, sit and soak up some rays and read a good book. Or cook from it, shake from it or just get inspired! Here are new books by my favorite friends and authors:
Gourmet Game Night by Cynthia Nims – if you like playing games, eating and sipping then this is the book for you. Hey! I even got to be a taste tester when she was writing this book. I give it a full D’Lish recommendation!
Discover Cooking with Lavender by Kathy Gehrt – now you’ll know what to do with this beautiful flower—from appetizers to drinks.
But, hey, I’ve been to Miami for the Cheers Beverage conference … Vegas for the Night Club and Bar Show … BUT Keith Waldbauer, my Sr. Mixologist Associate, did get to go to Egypt, where he opened the new Fairmont Nile City’s bars and trained all the bar staff. Keith had an amazing trip. As you can see, he did squeeze in a little time for an adventure to the Giza Plateau … Keith how did you reach the top of that pyramid?!
That’s it for now. Wishing you a happy spring. Don’t forget to check out my blog for the most up-to-date recipes and foodie and cocktail news, or follow my adventures on Twitter.
Posted by Kathy Casey on March 18th, 2010 | Comments Off on Dishing with Kathy Casey the Newsletter: March 2010 | Posted in Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Recent Posts
A “Must Have” fantastic new book by friend and internationally celebrated cocktail guru Tony Abou-Ganim.
The Modern Mixologist, book combines 60 of Tony’s very best recipes with practical tips, cocktail history, and quotes from famous cocktail enthusiasts and authorities. An introductory guide to home mixology takes readers step by step through basic and advanced techniques, from how to cut a twist to how to prepare your own infusions – but will also have professionals pouring over the pages! And the beautiful and striking photography will make you want to pick up and drink the pages!
Since I am a total lover of (ri)1 this is the first drink I will be stirring up from Tony’s new book … and I love the story of how the drink was created.
Inspired by the Manhattan—a classic and rather serious cocktail hour libation—and by the qualities expressed in my dear friend and writing partner, the Just for Mary emerged with ease. (ri)1 straight rye whiskey (pronounced “rye one”) is made for mixing. Light among its rye brethren, pleasing, with both fruit and spice flavors at its center, it is tantalizing, friendly, and “easy on the tongue.” I combined (ri)1 with Lillet Blond and presented it to Mary. She smiled but I could tell something was missing. Back to the liquor cabinet for a measure of Cherry Heering and some orange bitters, then finished with burnt orange twist essence and a brandied cherry. This time a big smile. It may have been “just for Mary,” but thankfully there was enough for two. I think you’ll agree that this is a perfect cocktail hour elixir. – Tony
In an ice-filled mixing glass, add rye whiskey, Cherry Heering, Lillet, and orange bitters. Stir until very cold. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Finish with the essence of a burnt
Posted by Kathy Casey on March 4th, 2010 | Comments Off on A Must Have New Cocktail Book | Posted in Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Recent Posts
Meet some of the world’s bestselling wine authors and leading-edge innovators at “The World’s Largest (and Smartest!) Wine Book Signing” at The Wine Library in Springfield, New Jersey, on Saturday, March 27th, from 1 to 4 pm.
Celebrating the launch of the new book Wine Drinking for Inspired Thinking: Uncork Your Creative Juices will be:
New York Times bestselling author Gary Vaynerchuk, host of Wine Library TV (aka “The Thunder Show”), will sign copies of his books Crush It: Why NOW Is the Time To Cash In On Your Passion and Gary Vaynerchuk’s 101 Wines: Guaranteed to Inspire, Delight, and Bring Thunder to Your World
Former Washington Post wine columnists Karen Page and Andrew Dornenburg, who will sign copies of their IACP “Cookbook of the Year” What to Drink with What You Eat and their 2009 James Beard Award winner The Flavor Bible
Creativity and innovation expert Michael J. Gelb, author of the New York Times bestseller How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci and Innovate Like Edison: 5 Steps to Breakthrough Business Success will sign copies of his new book Wine Drinking for Inspired Thinking: Uncork Your Creative Juices.
Enjoy a complimentary wine tasting, chat with the authors, and learn how they’ve parlayed their love of wine into their respective empires.
Posted by Kathy Casey on March 2nd, 2010 | Comments Off on The World’s Largest (and Smartest!) Wine Book Signing | Posted in Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Recent Posts
MLS# 47654616 - Built by Princeton Classic. Ready Now! ~ Waterfront Lot! Gorgeous Valiant Plan!! 4 Bedrooms, 3.5 Baths, 2-Car Garage. 2 story ceilings in the large family room. Granite kitchen island, breakfast area. Open concept! nbsp;3 secondary bedrooms along with a game room on the second floor. Upgraded off-set tile throughout living areas. Stunning stone amp; brick elevation with wrap front porch!
We respect your online privacy and will never spam you. By submitting this form with your telephone number you are consenting for Kathy Montes to contact you even if your name is on a Federal or State "Do not call List".
The information provided is exclusively for consumers’ personal, non-commercial use, and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. This data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by the MLS.
KATIPUNAN-FMA-FLORIDA (Sept. 5-6, 2009)This is marked of the first KATIPUNAN-FMA took place in Florida, attended with 12 FMA-Top Instructors and more than 100's practitioner's of Filipino Martial Arts (both days Sat & Sun) at TY Park, in Hollywood, Florida.
Defensor Method practitioners at Top Level MMA in Niles during the 2013 Illinois Katipunan L-R: Chris Starrick, Bob Peretti, and Guro Jason Brigham.
2013 Illinois Katipunan Coordinator and Co-Coordinator Kat Krishcke and Adelle Canares. Tremendous efforts by these two in the last few Katipunan Events, Kudos for these ladies who are both avid Defensor Method Practitioners.
Illinois Katipunan 2013 group shot outside Top Level MMA in Niles, IL near Milwaukee and Touhy. Over 75 attendees.
May the light of the Menorah shine bright and may the True Light Messiah shine forth upon you and reflect into the world this Chanukah season.
My tea sampler set is a delicious way to try 8 different teas from my collection of all natural, hand blended, loose leaf teas. The set includes a balanced assortment of black, green, and herbal teas, comes with a beaded tea ball infuser for a total tea experience, packed in an 8.25" by 8" by 1.75" wood cigar box to make a memorable gift for any tea lover! Perfect too for special corporate gifts!
- Tea infuser ball with gorgeous blue green and silver-tone beads and tea bag charm. - Packaged in an unfinished pine wood cigar gift box with metal clasp, and includes instructions for brewing.
* CINNAMON GINGER VANILLA CHAI- rich and spiced with cinnamon, cloves, cardamom, and ginger, brew it strong and with plenty of milk; black tea.
* MANGO ROSE- mango and rose petals are blended with large leaf black tea for a sweet treat that is rich and flavorful; black tea.
* INVIGORATING HERBAL- a wonderful mix of herbs, roots, and seeds to invigorate and stimulate with flavors of licorice and peppermint and slight taste of maple, made from fennel seeds, flax seeds, fenugreek seeds, licorice root, and peppermint leaf; caffeine free herbal tea.
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Balsamic Vinegar of Modena “del Duca” becomes a delicious cascade of small pearls, real balsamic jewels that enrich the range of products with an exclusive and delicious touch.
Suggested for decorating special dishes and to exalt chefs’ creativity, they are perfect on beef or fish ‘carpaccio’, cheese, fruit salads, and finger food. Original and amazing, they will surprise you with their explosion of taste, giving elegance and refinement to your table. A unique emotion to be admired…and tasted!
The name “Aceto Balsamico del Duca” was chosen by Adriano Grosoli in order to link his product with the prestige of Duke Francesco I D’Este, who was one of the most famous producers and consumers of Balsamic Vinegar of Modena, the favorite dressing at the Estense court.
We can ship to any address within Canada. Note that due to restrictions on some products, we are not shipping outside Canada.
- IN-STORE PICKUP: Free (option available to customers with a billing address located in British Columbia).
- When you place an order, we will estimate shipping for you based on the availability of your items, and the shipping option(s) you choose.
- Please also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full pound.
- Purchases made between nov 5-dec 24 can be returned/ exchanged until jan 13 with original receipt or gift receipt - this does not apply to Black Friday/Boxing Week sale items marked "Final Sale".
- We check all breakables before they leave the store - once they leave the store they are your responsibility and are non-returnable if broken.
- Full returns/exchanges will be honoured if the product is unopened, unused, and in its original packaging with all accessories. Refunds and exchanges must be within 30 days of purchase. We'll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.)
- For items received from an online order that have arrived broken, please send photo documentation of the damages to websales@gourmetwarehouse.ca along with your order number within 24 hours of receipt.
- Gift Cards and E-Gift Certificates are not redeemable for cash, lost or stolen gift cards cannot be re-issued.
Antica Acetaia Reale is an old vinegar house located in Magreta, a 19th century village near Modena. This is where the prestigious range of Balsamic Vinegars are produced following all the rules of a...
Balsamic Vinegar of Modena from organic grapes is the product for those who prefer eating natural food and taking an active interest in their own heath and in the environment. A sweet and sour taste,...
Our Gold Cap PGI Balsamic Vinegar of Modena is also available in many different and stylish fancy bottles, specially designed for gourmet shops, restaurants, and hotels who want to better tailor the...
Short text Ed Burns had been co-specification lead of JSF 2.0. Thus, you estimate a comprehensive book with deep insides. It is one of the best books for this subject.
LOS ANGELES – “If someone had told me in 1979,” French-Canadian disco singer France Joli, 54, said, “when I was just 16 years old, that I would still be singing my first and biggest hit almost 40 years later, I would have thought they were crazy. But here I am—and very grateful for the continued love of diehard disco fans.”
Perhaps many readers of Instinct do not recognize Joli’s name, but trust this journalist at a young 51 years of age: “Come To Me” was a huge hit back in the summer of ‘79. (Yup, it's okay to do the math. I was 13.)
“Come To Me” sold three million copies around the world, rose to Numero Uno on the disco charts – and reached the Top 20 on Billboard’s influential pop chart, according to Joli's publicist.
“With most of my work taking me to New York from my home in Montreal these days,” Joli said, “it’s always a pleasure to perform for audiences in Southern California.”
Her two most recent gigs brought her to Palm Springs, a city she described as an “old friend,” as well as to Claremont, where the swanky and revered Claremont Colleges are (Pitzer, Scripps, Harvey Mudd, et al). The first involved singing at a benefit for Desert AIDS Project, the second, a private party thrown by one of Joli’s “biggest fans.” Apparently such a fan is not the first to lure the songstress from her Canadian enclave for a private, intimate concert. #MustBeNice
“Hopefully, on my next trip,” Joli said, “I can make a detour into L.A. to perform there. It’s been quite a while.” Hello! Promoters: what are you waiting for?
Joli’s additional hits include “Gonna Get Over You,” “The Heart to Break the Heart,” and “Feel Like Dancing.” And, what I consider to be a truly fresh slice of interpretive pop, in 2012, Joli recorded a dance version of Leonard Cohen’s classic “Hallelujah.” #Amen
The song referenced here used to be one of my favorites, haven't heard it in a long time. Also apparently quite a few people voted for tragedy in the survey.
Really I have to ask what exactly do you like about Pete? In what way is he even remotely sympathetic? And really this is something for anyone who genuinely likes the Nerds do you just like to hate them or do you genuinely like who they are?
Because to me he, especially among the Nerds, has no real redeeming qualities, and really the Nerds in general don't really have any in the first place. They are just some loser nerds with superpowers taking a game of basically D&D far more seriously then it should be taken and ruining peoples lives in the process.
since this is in a church, I'm pretty sure it says "Jesus loves me" King must be in the Sunday school room
Man this is a tough choice what do you guys think, I think that King should tell the truth to Bailey I know it is hard but what choice does he have King needs help.
Really I have to ask what exactly do you like about Pete? In what way is he even remotely sympathetic?
Oh come on, he´s a great character and he´s a great antagonist in this cosmic arc (That doesn´t mean he´s the bad guy). Besides, without him the whole comic wouldn´t be the same.
Meh, don't take me wrong, I enjoy the story, but lately I been losing interest in King's arcs after see so many whining of the forumites. Last time I've truly enjoyed King was "Show Business" arc, so has been a while.
King, you now have a year to figure out how to explain this so you better start thinking about how you're going to tell Bailey, and you really don't want to be indecisive regarding this. Though now I wonder how the wedding will be now that King is in this state. I can imagine he'll be really preoccupied.
King I see him reaching out... "HELP! I need somebody... HELP! Not just anybody.... HELP!!!" Oh GOD does he need it now.
I understand if the Nerds are the type of characters you love to hate; however what I don't get is anyone that genuinely likes them, like Diss seems to with Pete. There isn't anything (to me anyway) to sympathize with or like when it comes to Pete or Dragon.
ok, the arc (and the current year9 still got to end so no, nothing has been defined yet in terms of decisions. For what we know, King could decide once and for all now... But if not, may I speak frankly?, this 'I don't know what I really want to be' trick is becoming stale. The only thing that could really give the final decision a genuine pathos would be when bailey gets pregnant -not to be gross, guys, but I hardly doubt this relationship is based on a platonic base!
Well, I find it good that heaven is not populated by monodimensional happy'n'smiling beings...but Pete seems to belong to the ranks of, well, not-nice places.
*curses repeatedly* I ALWAYS participated to ALL surveys! Come on Rick, couldn't you just reopen for me to cast the vote? Just for one day!*is idiot, sorry*
It's a matter of favoritism, nothing else. In my case, it's probably that I be the only one who have Fox as his least favorite character when he doesn't have any feature to be considered hateful.
*curses repeatedly* I ALWAYS participated to ALL surveys! Come on Rick, couldn't you just reopen for me to cast the vote? Just for one day!
I don't think that Pete or Dragon are monsters or evil really. I just think they are really selfish ******** that garner little to no sympathy from me. Believe me I like it that Heaven isn't super perfect land either.
Well, at least we aren't King isn't getting smacked with the five-second ultimatum that we were all expecting.
Now... about that... incident... with Sabrina. It's been almost three years, when can we expect to see it happening?
I must admit, this took an entirely different turn than I expected. Pete came, stated a fact with a minimum of gloating, and made no demands of King before he left. He's getting subtle. If we believe Pete, he will forfeit after a year even if, somehow, he gets King to join him. I suspect this can only mean one of two things: Either Pete is bluffing, or he plans to win with King as his avatar within the year (offering King the chance to remain a dog in exchange).
I actually am starting to like Pete more because he's basically one of the many superpowers in the comic. At first, it wasn't so interesting until more players like Pete started showing up. Pete's redeeming quality is that he is different than the others, actually. He's not as nice as Dragon, he's not as fair as GK, and he's certainly the kind of guy that I find that plays to his own benefits and amusement, but at the same time it's because this whole thing is treated like a game to them. Pete also shows that he does have a soft side, but it's mostly a subtle one because, let's face it ~ He wants things done his way.
I oughta point out that Pete is certainly a likable character these days. Granted though, it's not something I would say you wanna see him do everyday, but when he does something, you know it's meant to be important, and that can be done smoothly depending on the pace of the comic. (And personally, the pace is there.)
Pete is usually shown in a darker or devious light. And I kinda understand that Pete more or less has been a bit harsh on King when he turned into a corgi. But would it really be that bad for King if he did accept being Pete's avatar?
I'm confused. What will Pete do if King does go to him? To me it sounds like King will lose no matter what...also I think King might cancel the wedding now. Simply because of what Pete has said. After all there's no guarantee that Pete ever keep is end of the bargain if King wants to stay as a dog.
To me for a character like Pete to be likeable (which they can be) they either need to have a very charismatic personality which IMO Pete doesn't have or they have to have a very good reason to do the things they do. Which neither Pete nor Dragon have, because their reasoning boils down to an incredibly childish "I want to win this game." Which is just not in any way a good or even interesting reason, I'm sorry Rick but its just not. I liked the Nerds storyline back when I though there might be a good reason for all of this but the fact is there isn't.
As a character, I like him. He makes an impact and has shown enough facets to give him some depth. I might cheer for Kings side, but to me Pete is like a player on the opposing side who makes a nice move and scores on your team. I can't help but raise an eyebrow, admire it and go, "Yikes, look what that guy just did."
About: I love to get naughty fucking my puss getting highly raw nutting sorry I don’t know how to burst but I do get very wet I have fucktoys super-naughty chat roleplays, wanking my ass-fuck my fuckbox with my playthings, anything kinky, , , joi..sph…cei…bbc
Turnons: roleplays, dominance, fetishes, seeing you jack that rod and nutting all over…naughty dirry chat, bbc, sph, pummeling my tight gash with my toys, cei, being observed,
Nowadays spell check is an important part of our writing. How-do-you-spell.net is the place where you can find the correct spelling of result and find out the common misspellings with percentage rankings. Here you can even get a list of synonyms for result. Checking antonyms for result may also be very helpful for you.
issuance, solving, cause, account for, eventuate, accounting package, dissolver, answer, extend, decision, core, leave behind, burden, chase, get out, ramification, D, pass on, provide, matter, success, takings, accounts payable, news, pass, demerit, end product, case, way out, run, word, accountant, emanation, conduce, turn out, resolving power, B, progeny, flow from, child, accountancy, event, solvent, C, victory, arrangement, essence, forget, triumph, aftereffect, development, exit, solution, go away, issuing, add up to, dissolvent, dissolving agent, payoff, data, fortune, chair, influence, completion, ending, reply, allow for, will, egress, impact, detail, vector sum, consummation, wake, denouement, pull up stakes, sequence, backwash, expiration, moderate, allow, final result, A, resolution, return, sequel, the big time, fruit, consequence, root, assessor, grow out of, repercussion, outcropping, emergence, resultant role, conduct, military issue, yield, GPA, fate, resolve, A to Z, finish, subject, endpoint, topic, settlement, offspring, full marks, conclusion, entrust, health, harvest, take, luck, approach, resoluteness, succeed, corollary, pursue, leave, findings, ensue, give, leave alone, resolvent, annual report, determination, the aftermath, accounts receivable, go, effect, follow, accounting, go out, end result, develop, top, destine, end in, precipitate, moment, declaration, head, distinction, impression, guide, closure, E, end, precede, contribute, gist, sequent, upshot, come out of, termination, fruition, outgrowth, publication, trail, bequeath, depart, fact, end point, impend, descend, returns, aftermath, backlash, number, expiry, resultant, information, F, force, ask, product, account, resolving, results, attend, impart, side effect, terminus, outlet, firmness, go forth, government issue, direct, eventuality, outcome, response, greatness, proceeds, fallout, report, consequent, datum, tail, lag, import, issue, lead.
origin, inspiration, stimulus, source, cause, antecedent, occasion, instigation, reason, root, basis, incentive, determinant, mother, foundation, factor, spring, consideration, causation, groundwork, impetus, ground, base.
How to install BackTrack 3 or 4 to hard drive along with Windows XP, Ubuntu, Fedora, openSuse on Lenovo Thinkpad X60
From my last post you can see that I installed Fedora and openSuse to my existing dual boot Thinkpad X60 with Ubuntu and Windows. In this post, I will show you how to install BackTrack 3 to the hard drive. These instructions can also be used for BackTrack 4.
First we have to create a partition for the OS. You can only have 4 primary partitions out of which only 1 can be an extended partition. The extended partition can then in turn have multiple logical partitions. I used gparted in Ubuntu to partition my drive as follows.
check here to install packages with slapt-get or here to see how I installed BT 4 on my lenovo S10 without a CD player or USB.
Starting with Intrepid, the print to file option is integratedwhen you print. However, with some programs, this causes garbled text after the first page, while other programs do not work with this option (check how to save documents from Scribd.com when disabled).
you should have a PDF printer. When you print, just select the PDF printer and by default the files are saved in a folder called PDF, so we will create this folder.
T-mobile reps almost convinced me that there would be no way to get my picture messaging working on my g1 without the data plan. I turned off the data plan as soon as I set it up upon arrival. According the the T-mobile reps, I can’t even place or receive calls without the data plan. (Either they say anything to get you to buy the plan or they’re just dumb useless fellows, the latter being more accurate based on experience.)
So after doing some yahooing and alot of futsin around, I finally managed to get my MMS working by changing the settings. Here’s what to do:
Make sure you go into T-mobile US and not any other setting and change the name like I did, don’t even create a new one. It took me 2 months to figure out what I did wrong.
Restart your phone. Now your MMS should work. If you have the 5.99 t-zones, I think your internet will work too. (UPDATE- it does work. check here)
-click testing -> goto phone info -> this should tell you what connection you are connecting/connected to.
sorry guys, I haven’t been keeping up with this topic. Honestly, I don’t ever receive MMS. And If its that important, you can add on the $25 package once every few days, download all your mms the same day and take it off.
I recently came across a dmg image file that I needed to use, but the problem is that Windows does not support dmg. I tried to mount it using MagicISO, PowerISO and Alcohol %120 but none can mount the file. I found a great feature in PowerISO that lets you convert dmg to iso. Here are the steps.
Welcome to Jackie Gephart Hair Salon - A hidden gem inside Uptown Salons Royal Oaks in southwest Houston at Dairy Ashford and Westheimer. Jackie is known for creative eye, natural hair cuts and colors using the latest inspirations for hair style, make-up and fashion.
In our consultation we talk in depth about your expectations. We achieve great results, making you feel great about yourself (as well as looking great).
We know the latest styles in women's haircuts, men's haircuts, hair color, hair highlights, up-dos, and facial waxing.
We are very focused on finding a hair style that you can maintain and recreate for yourself at home.
Jackie Gephart is a professional hair stylist and hair color expert. Proudly serving the community in the following areas Houston, Memorial,Tanglewilde,Cinco Ranch,Sugarland, Katy, Mission Bend, Four Corners, Galleria, Sharpstown, Bunker Hill, Hedwig Village, Hunters Creek Village, Piney Point, Westpark, Missouri City, Stafford..
Jacksonville, FL Advert Classifieds is a free local classified website for jacksonville-fl, florida where you can search free and local ads for buy/sell goods, jobs, rental properties, local business services, event/notices and much more.
If you are a small business owner, service provider, you can post free advertisements related to your business, product and service offered in Jacksonville, FL.
Here You can find meditaion and health events what''s going on in Jacksonville area. You can post and find Jacksonville indian meditaion health related events at Jaxdesi.com.
Here you can Post and find holiday events in jacksonville area. We are proving indian holiday enents for who are looking for indian events and other related activites in jacksonville area. For more Details Follow Us on: Tel: 1 (904) 209 6726 Email:...
Earl - Cheap Car Insurance Jacksonville Florida are one step ahead of those online car comparison sites, we do all that work for you while you talk with us on phone. When you call us and enter your zip code our system automatically redirects your...
I had a couple weeks to test the designs and structure, as these were already in high fidelity and seen as ready to build. I worked closely with the customer success team to create a framework of questions, these would inform what needed to be prototyped
One of the early tasks I wanted to see is if people would feel comfortable without a save button, the existing design proposed auto saving feature without feedback.
During initial testing people were confused, particularly when leaving the page, I produced various options for saving content which we took into further design and testing sprints.
I noticed everyone we met, had similar completer finisher tendencies and in particular the way they used the home page, like a list to check off what they had done. Using this information, I created some options for listing content types that would show at a glance what actions people still had to complete.
During all three rounds of testing people were forced back to the home page to find the next thing to do. We ran out of time during the design sprints to make significant changes to the navigation, however I developed some sketches and a quick prototype which we evaluated with development team and prioritised for further design sprints.
Improvements to navigation, content and micro interactions were able to be made within a couple of weeks, with input from customers, reducing frustrations and potential costly changes further down the line.
At the end of testing and design updates, I went on to lead the company approach to specification and story writing for the planned development work.
The 2014 prize winners alongside Her Imperial Highness the Princess Napoléon and M. Masséna, Prince d'Essling, President of the Fondation Napoléon and Sir Peter Ricketts, British Ambassador to France. © Fondation Napoléon
The 2014 Fondation Napoléon Grands Prix ceremony took place at the British Ambassador's Residence in Paris, the Hôtel de Charost. © Fondation Napoléon
• a work in French on the history of the Consulate and the First Empire or possibly the period of the French Revolution at the end of the July Monarchy;
• a work in French on the history of the Second Republic, the Second Empire, or possibly the period from the end of the Second Empire to the present day, in the case where the theme that is treated is related to Bonapartism or the history of the Imperial family;
• a third prize called the “Prix du Jury”, for works nominated by one or more members of the jury, is awarded to a literary or artistic work or action related to the history of France’s First or Second Empires. In particular, this prize can be awarded to a historian, academic, writer, artist, curator or manager of a Napoleonic establishment “for their career”.
Of these three prize-winners, the jury may then choose an overall winner or “Grand Prix de la Fondation Napoléon”, awarding a further 5,000 Euros. The Jury may decide not to award a prize in a specific category.
Eligible works must have been published or performed for the first time between the 1st October in year ‘n minus one’ and 30th September in year ‘n’ (for example, in 2005, between 1st October 2004 and 30th September, 2005).
For books: send 15 copies of the work to the Fondation Napoléon (and NOT directly to the members of the jury) – the Fondation will then send them on to the jury.
For audio-visual or musical works: send in the same way fifteen copies of the work, with accompanying presentation dossier.
Second Empire Prize: Patrick LAGOUEYTE, Le coup d’État du 2 décembre 1851, (The Coup d'état of 2 December 1851), CNRS Éditions
I Amore You, Man. YAY! A new batch of Stills from the movie have been released =D. HD Wallpaper and background images in the I Amore You, Man club tagged: i love you man movie image promotional promo still 2009.
Nakoma was sitting on a ship one giorno thinking after a mission. She wanted more. Yes, she LOVED what she did for a living, but she wanted to find someone, fall in Amore with that person, and start a family. She wanted an actual life. She didn't want to be a single Jedi forever. Yet she knew attachments weren't allowed in the order. She sighed knowing she'd have to wait as she went in the cockpit to be with Anakin.
"What's gotten te in such a mood?" he asked as he saw the bummed look on her face. She turned away as if she were saying "I don't want to talk about it.". "Okay, I know te have moments like everyone else, but that doesn't give te the right to act like a snob." Anakin scolded on her behavior. She sighed and reluctantly turned back around to face him. "Now, what's the matter?" he asked as he took her in his arms. She just hugged him as tightly as she could. "Wow, te really ARE upset." Anakin whispered. Nakoma released her grip on him.
"I want more." Nakoma finally confessed in sign language. "As in..." Anakin proceeded slightly confused. "More in my life! I want love, I want happiness, I want a family!" Nakoma answered on the verge of tears. Anakin knew this way too well. He already had a secret wife the Order didn't know anything about, and he was still half-disgusted his Padawan dated a Sith-lord. "What was that jerk's name again?" he asked sarcastically. "Dontel." Nakoma answered annoyed. She slumped in her seat.
Truth be told, Anakin was actually concerned about her. He didn't want her ending up dating another Sith lord, o anyone else in the Sith for that matter. Plus, he didn't want her to keep any of her romantic relationships a secret like he ended up doing. He was happy with Padme, and loved her with all his cuore and soul, but knew he had to keep his marriage a secret from the Order. He didn't want Nakoma having to do the same thing. "You know I'm married to Padme, right?" Anakin cornered. Nakoma nodded. "Well, because I'm a Jedi, I have to keep our marriage a secret. I don't want te to have to keep your future Amore a secret." Anakin confessed. Nakoma sighed quietly.
"I guess you're right." she said. Anakin wrapped an arm around her. "I know te want to be happy and fall in Amore one day, but I don't want te to have to make the same sacrifices that I made." he comforted. Nakoma looked down at the ground briefly. She cleared her head until she fell asleep. "You haven't moved in a while. I wonder if you-" Anakin stopped short to see a sleeping Nakoma in his arms. He carried her bridal style into the bunker, tucked her in one of the beds, and walked out quietly so he could let her sleep.
All this week over on the WOW! Embossing Powder blog the Design Team have been showcasing their fabulous creativity by teaming up with Viva Las Vegas stamps!
This month's theme at WOW! Embossing Powder Challenge is 'Summer' and I don't know about you, but I'm sure glad it's finally arrived! I love the sunshine and the happiness it seems to invoke in everyone.
My project for this month is, unsurprisingly, a card! It's also that time of year when Father's Day is fast approaching so I took this opportunity to get one of the cards I need to have made.
When I think Summer, I think beach, I think blue skies and crystal blue sea so I decided to go with it. Out came the Distress Inks and I set about creating a background, which hopefully is reminiscent of a beach scene with light clouds in the sky just above the horizon of a clear blue sea...yes, I do need a holiday!!
I then stamped the wide 'dotty' border from Funky Border Strips in VersaMark ink and lightly sprinkled Primary Lagoon embossing powder over it, ensuring not to cover the pattern completely. To get the excess powder off without coating all of the wet ink, I've found a very scientific technique...spin the card round as quickly as possible so that it is upside down and hopefully the powder will fall off without catching the rest of the ink!! I then covered the remaining exposed ink with Pastel Glacier Mint powder to give this two-tone type effect.
Above this the sentiment from Everyday Sentiments is embossed in Metalline Dark Blue, which gives a lovely finish that's not quite matt, not quite metallic and not quite pearlescent but a kind of mix of all three...that is the best way I can describe it! I really like the finish :)
I hope you are all enjoying the Summer, wherever you are, and that you have a go at joining in with us here this month!
I hope this finds you all well and that you all enjoyed Easter! I have yet to eat any of my Easter eggs and for that I am proud of myself :)
So I'm here with my little bit of inspiration (hopefully!) for this months' WOW! Embossing Powder challenge - Rainbows!
I took the Sexi-Hexi background stamp and inked it up with embossing ink. Then I took a rainbow of wonderful WOW! powders and sprinkled them over the wet ink.
The best way, I've found, to stop the powders mixing as you start adding more and more colours is to ensure that you tap the excess off to the side of the page. This prevents the colours mixing together, which is not so much of an issue on the card, but when you go to pour the excess back into the pot, it can cause a nasty surprise the next time you go to use your lovely Sunny Yellow and find large amounts of Apple Red in it! Disaster!
Just to cause myself a bit of a headache, I opted for a white stripe. After stamping, I masked this area off with printer paper before adding the rainbow of colours. Once these had been applied, I then removed the mask and liberally covered the remaining area in Bright White Opaque embossing powder. These powders are so well behaved that not a single speck of colour got underneath the mask and sullied the white area...I am always so impressed!
To finish, I embossed the sentiment in Metallic Silver on black cardstock and adhered it all tot he card front with some foam adhesive.
I love rainbow colours, the possibilities really are endless...I imagine I will create another rainbow inspired card before the challenge is up!
I don't know about where you all are...but Spring is definitely starting to Spring here in the UK and not a moment too soon!
As you may know, the theme of the challenge over at WOW! Embossing Powder this month ties in nicely with the changing of the seasons...create something Spring related! I'm sure there will be plenty of feel-good projects finding their way to the linky this month...
The background is ink stamped directly onto an acrylic block and then spritzed with some water and pressed onto the card from. I added some ink directly from the ink pad too.
The sentiment is embossed using WOW! Clear Matt Dull powder which juxtaposes the glitter on the butterflies.
The lower butterfly uses Green Shimmer powder and Primary Lagoon. The Green Shimmer does exactly what it says on the tin!! The body just uses Primary Lagoon Powder.
The butterfly to the left uses a combination of Green Shimmer and Calypso glitter powders and the body is embossed in Primary Luscious Lime - it is luscious!!
I hope this finds you all week and that you're enjoying our month CASE-ing over at the WOW! Embossing Powder blog! I love being inspired by all of the fabulous talent in the blogosphere - and the WOW! Design Team is absolutely teeming with it, so what better place to get inspiration!?!
I have chosen a card by the wonderful Nicole Picadura. I love Nicole's style it's fun and fresh, CAS but with a hint of freestyle collage magic - what's not to love?!!
I created my own version of Nicole's gorgeous watercolour background by dabbing Distress Inks directly onto the front of the card and then spritzing it with water. This created nice, but unexpected, splashes over the rest of the card front.
I then stamped the words 'Live, Love and Laugh' from the Collage stamp set and heat embossed them in Opaque Bright White, Primary Ebony Super Fine and Metallic Silver respectively.
I hope you guys will join in with us this month...there's loads of inspiration which makes it difficult to choose, I know, but maybe try out a few different styles!!
I don't think it's too far into January to say that still :) I hope you all had a wonderful Christmas break and that you're ready for the new year.
So here we are, an exciting new year full of WOW! challenges and products - I for one am looking forward to all the inspiration the year will bring :)
Aren't those jars just gorgeous!!? As the theme suggests, this one is not about cards so I have stretched myself a little and created a non-card project for you all.
This is for a dear friend of mine who needs reminding at the moment that things aren't always bad and that you need to grab life by the horns!
I stamped the De-Vine background stamp in the centre of each panel and embossed using Super Fine Metallic Silver embossing powder. This picks up every detail - I love it! I then blended some inks over the top of the embossing, buffing the panels once I'd finished blending to wipe any excess ink from the embossing powder to allow it to shine through. I flicked some water onto each piece, gently dabbing it off with some tissue to lift some of the ink from the backgrounds to create the watery-speckled effect that you can (hopefully!) see.
I then stamped the sentiment from the Collage stamp set and then cut them out to arrange them on each of the panels. Once I had them laid out where I wanted them, I cut smaller coloured pieces of card to act as mats for each sentiment and to add interest to the panels.
Each panel was then mounted onto a black piece of card and then onto the concertina'd cardstock 'stand'. The stand has been stamped with a large flower design in ink colours to match each panel.
Thank you for taking the time to stop by, I hope you are able to join us for the challenge this month - this is a super interesting one with loads of potential!
PS - Apologies for the images - I am currently in the midst of changing over from a PC to a Mac and the transition is a little slower than I would have liked! I am working on getting my beloved Photoshop on my Mac - thank you for your understanding :)
I hope you have all enjoyed the festivities of Christmas and that you're ready for the New Year and all the promise that brings!
I have always been mildly obsessed with anything paper! In my past life I used to draw and paint, but now card making is my creative outlet :) please feel free to peruse and any kind or constructive comments are very much welcome. If you would like to contact me, just drop me an email to sianridley@gmail.com - I'd be happy to hear from you! Thank you for your support, Sian :)
Feel free to gain inspiration from any of my designs, but please do not use any of them as competition entries or for monetary gain. Thank you for your support and respect, Sian Ridley. handmadebysian@blogspot.co.uk
You can check out the cards from my fabulous team mates and all of the entries from everyone so far HERE.
Hope you will join in the challenge, you can enter up to 3 cards and be eligible to win some great prizes from our Fabulous Sponsors.
Knisley’s Construction has the history, reputation, and resources to make your custom home build a great experience. We offer expert craftsmanship and superior knowledge of quality name brand materials.We’re not a tailgate contractor, or a big box outsourcer. We’re an independent, quality, custom builder with real hometown values.
We see big picture. Knisley’s Construction has been creating new custom homes for over 30 years. Along the way, we’ve seen it all. So even if you have a unique idea or situation, chances are we’ve dealt with it before. We can offer the sound advice and unbiased recommendation because we see your project in the bigger picture.
Knisley’s Construction has the history, reputation, and resources to make your custom home construction project a great experience. We offer expert craftsmanship and superior knowledge of quality name brand materials.
We offer best of class service, quality materials and a satisfaction guarantee. Rest assured that Knisley’s will guide you through the process from start to finish, while you maintain the freedom to choose products and style that are uniquely you.
Quality, Value and Style are some of the things you can expect in a Custom Built Home from Knisley’s Construction. Personalize one of our many stock plans, or we’ll build your custom home on your lot or ours.
We have the depth of experience to evaluate your situation and help bring your ideas and goals to life.
We work with you to find the best solution at the price you need. We draw our plans in-house to save you money and give you more flexibility.Contracting with Knisley’s Construction allows you to maintain control over quality and price. There are many items marked as an allowance. This allowance, permits you to choose what areas of the budget to accentuate and in which areas of the budget you can save. Every homeowner has different needs and desires, so this allowance gives you the flexibility to truly put your signature on your custom project.
You could choose one of many options available at that price range, or you could choose to spend more on those things that are important to you.
Many new home builders and remodels offer fewer choices, if any, and then charge a premium for any changes. With Knisley’s, you’ll never get stuck with “builders specials”, we’ll recommend several quality, durable and stylish products, but the choice is always yours to make!
When the project starts our expert craftsmen will work with you in a tightly coordinated effort, on a daily basis. Our goal is to complete the project as quickly and efficiently as possible so that you can start living your dream.
Your project is complete and you have the keys. However this is just the beginning of our commitment to you, because we service what we sell. We are known in the community because we build for our neighbors.
We have been here many years and will continue to offer our advice and friendly service. We will still be here when you may want that bonus area or basement finished. Perhaps we’ll help you convert that bedroom to a den. Whatever your need we will be here.F
Just porn site Horny wife decides to surprise husband with a threesome for his birthday. The couple decided to spice up their sex life and that's why the wife Four sexy and lustful babes getting fucked deep and hard by hung studs.
So when this hot freckled blonde came in the shop looking to sell her pageant tiara the weekend crew knew they had hit the jackpot…gorgeous, busty, and… READ MORE.
Well dont know what to put down but just let you know that im a nice person,respect for more when we chat mm.
@Felrob Leftist = Liberal. Leftist Liberal views is what brought you the porn industry. Liberal = Liberty = Freedom. It's the right/conservatives that are always trying to censor everything.
Amateur wife cum swallow tube; Xxx busty hairy granny free porn; pov casting expoloited girl talked into with;;
Jotham was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Jerushah, the daughter of Zadok.
And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Uzziah did: howbeit he entered not into the temple of the LORD. And the people did yet corruptly.
He fought also with the king of the Ammonites, and prevailed against them. And the children of Ammon gave him the same year an hundred talents of silver, and ten thousand measures of wheat, and ten thousand of barley. So much did the children of Ammon pay unto him, both the second year, and the third.
Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all his wars, and his ways, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.
And Jotham slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.
And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.
And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.
Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own language.
And they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another, Behold, are not all these which speak Galilaeans?
Parthians, and Medes, and Elamites, and the dwellers in Mesopotamia, and in Judaea, and Cappadocia, in Pontus, and Asia,
Phrygia, and Pamphylia, in Egypt, and in the parts of Libya about Cyrene, and strangers of Rome, Jews and proselytes,
But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:
And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams: Joel 2:28
The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and notable day of the Lord come: Joel 2:31
And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved. Joel 2:32
Ye men of Israel, hear these words; Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know:
Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain:
Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was not possible that he should be holden of it.
For David speaketh concerning him, I foresaw the Lord always before my face, for he is on my right hand, that I should not be moved: Ps 16:8
Therefore did my heart rejoice, and my tongue was glad; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope: Ps 16:9
Thou hast made known to me the ways of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance. Ps 16:11
Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulchre is with us unto this day.
Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne; Ps 132:11 2 Sam 7:12,13
He seeing this before spake of the resurrection of Christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see corruption. Ps 16:10
Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear.
For David is not ascended into the heavens: but he saith himself, The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand,
Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made the same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ.
Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do?
Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.
For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the LORD our God shall call.
And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, Save yourselves from this untoward generation.
Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.
And they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers.
And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart,
Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved.
At customwritingscom, you can buy persuasive speech, buy informative speech, buy team speech and buy speech of whatever kind you want if anything needs to be modified in your speech we will make sure that it matches your requirements perfectly. Overall, buying local is a chance to support the growing maker movement, meet talented artisans and small business owners who take great pride in their work, experience handmade, one-of-a-kind and. August 12, 2017 - sophie thompson the idea of a persuasive speech is to convince the audience to share the same point of view as you however, when you’re first asked to give a persuasive speech, it’s common to go blank about what you can speak about the best persuasive speech topics are thought-provoking, daring and have a clear opinion. Example of a persuasive speech global warming presentation magazine if you are in need of a persuasive speech for school, college or work, here is an example of a persuasive speech if possible, buy your fruit and vegetables from local suppliers and try to avoid imported goods. Persuasive speech on buying local essay 705 words nov 18th, 2012 3 pages according to ronnie cummings of in motion magazine, after several dozen consumers in colorado were poisoned by e-coli feces in their burgers, 25 million pounds of hamburger meat had to be recalled from the hudson foods corporation.
A well chosen topic is critical for a memorable speech good persuasive speech topics, informative and demonstrative speech topics and titles free to use step 1 to success. Best 100 persuasive essay topics persuasive essay writing is important college and university writing assignment many students tend to encounter the writing issues due to the lack of proper understanding the persuasive essay has a set of strict rules that must be followed in order to receive good grading from your course professor. - the persuasive antony of william shakespeare's julius caesar in the tragedy of julius caesar, written by william shakespeare, the characters give many persuasive speeches, some stronger than others, to convince characters in the story about what is true, false, right, and wrong.
Buy persuasive speech then try to compose a local water pollution by saving money to agree with the needed assistance with subconscious techniques to get acquainted persuasion speech class, 2017 popular. Buying local produce creates healthier food and surrounding environment the energy it requires to ship a product across the country is a waste, when you can make them here less fuel is used in the transportation and packaging process (“what happens” par 4. The purpose of a persuasive speech is to convince your audience to agree with an idea or opinion that you put forth first, you'll need to select a side on a controversial topic, then you will write a speech to explain your side, and convince the audience to agree with you. Several studies have shown that when you buy from an independent, locally owned business, rather than a nationally owned business, significantly more of your money is used to make purchases from other local businesses, service providers, and farms — further strengthening the economic base of the whole community. Most of his story is actually based on prof robert cialdini‘s work in persuasive marketing and his recent book ‘influence’ we tend to buy more from people who like us we are narcissistic beings who easily buy from people who complement and appreciate us he just opened his speech by asking ‘are you ready for 2020’ clearly.
Topics for persuasive speeches arguing either side of an issue doctor-assisted suicide should (or should not) be legal state and local governments should (or should not) operate lotteries and gambling casinos the us should (or should not) remain in the united nations. A persuasive speech does not pull punches it tells like it is, laying down a strong argument it's going to get passionate in there - so why not go in armed with the best information you can have. Notes for a speech 5 d: university application 12 6 the first appeal to the audience: logic the shopkeeper persuaded the woman to buy a bottle of oil my mother persuaded me to become a monk persuasive: (adjective) , and they should have schools to teach local languages this thesis has two ideas, not one you can persuade people.
Do you want to write a captivating persuasive speechwell, first, you’ll need to look for good persuasive speech topics they should grab the attention of your audience, and give a strong argument that convinces them to adopt your claim. Persuasive essay - buying local foods is better essay on social media strategy for whole foods - whole foods began in austin, tx in 1980 as a way for people to get the natural foods they desired. 50 easy persuasive speech topics - discover the simple way to prepare a persuasive speech what is it that makes these easy persuasive speech topics i have several pages on this site devoted to persuasive speeches, but this one is all about crafting your speech as simply as possible. If you buy local along with organic and fair trade, you are also sending a message to companies which produce consumer goods by indicating that you support your local economy, you are showing a commitment to your community, and an intent to form a stronger economic base for your home region. The best way to go about writing a persuasive speech is to start with an outline defining a general plan it should contain an introduction that familiarizes the audience of what is to come.
We will write a custom essay sample on persuasive speech: people should support organic food production specifically for you for we will write a custom essay sample on persuasive speech: people should support organic food production specifically for you for only $1638 $ organic food (92) , persuasive speech (49) send me this sample. A lot of people dont realized that gm food has been on grocery shelves of super markets for the pas 22 years and that there are the same type and quantity of pesticides on organic food and gm food. Persuasive speech ideas 50 good persuasive speech topics persuasive speech ideas are everywhere - billions of them the trick to choosing the best topic begins with recognizing it, lifting it clear of all the other possibilities to see its potential remember - local and topical is good. Buying local persuasive speech appears to be a product of feedlot life of cattle getting a feedlot diet and living in their own manure the feedlot lifestyle is a common practice of corporate manufactured meat with that point in mind, i hope to persuade you all to research and buy localmost food found in the grocery store is highly processed.
Easy persuasive speech topics why it is important to buy local goods plus, if you are assigned a persuasive paper in one of the minor subjects, it may often be challenging to take some time off the subjects you're majoring in fortunately for you, there is always a way out. Persuasive letters to sell something should have a unique formula, immediately grabbing a reader’s attention, creating interest and offering information on how to obtain what you're offering. Consumers to buy local is a form of rhetoric—or persuasive communication the “target audience,” or consumer base, continually changes through time and the use of persuasive. The power of persuasive speech leadership is all about having a vision and casting it for people understand and buy into it while we understand your desire to deliver your point, it is entirely possible that you are not equipped to write a persuasive speech on your own.
Persuasive essay on adopting a dog there are numerous reasons why one should make the wise decision to adopt a dog , the first of which is that one gets to save a life by choosing to adopt a dog in the united states of america only, more than two million dogs are available for adoption on a yearly basis.
Isabel lambuça is a re/max real estate professional in vila franca de xira, vila franca de xira visit isabel lambuça’s profile to connect and learn more about how a re/max expert can help you with all of your real estate needs.
A new Grant Thornton LLP survey has found that chief financial officers (CFOs) are spending more than a third of their time as strategic advisers, taking on roles well beyond traditional financial management. The 2017 CFO Survey also found that 40 percent of CFOs identify strategic planning as one of their top priorities – only slightly behind more expected activities like increasing cash flow (45 percent) and reducing costs (41 percent). “Modern CFOs must act as both strategists and scorekeepers,” said Srikant Sastry, national managing principal of Advisory Services for Grant Thornton LLP. “But focusing on strategic planning is a paradox; it can reflect either a cost or an opportunity.” Sastry points to the example of CFOs getting involved with operating metrics – a step beyond the financial metrics they have traditionally used. “Whether this is an efficient use of their time or an imposition depends on the availability of tools such as analytics platforms, and on the CFO’s flexibility to do ‘what-if’ analyses,” he explained. Sastry stresses that finding the right balance starts with defining key business metrics and then tying these metrics to how they affect or drive bottom-line performance.
RISK IS A TOP PRIORITY Grant Thornton’s survey shows that managing risk is top of mind for CFOs, with two-thirds of respondents reporting that they want to reconcile their risk management strategy with their business strategy. Additionally, 70 percent expect to increase their use of analytics to measure risk management in the next two years. “CFOs are clearly losing sleep over risk,” says Brad Preber, national managing partner of Business Risk Services for Grant Thornton. “Slightly less than 60 percent of CFOs see a strong need to manage risk as it affects operational costs and workforce management, followed by 51 percent who prioritize managing risk in order to vet growth opportunities, and 49 percent who prioritize it in order to manage cyber threats.” Technology posing challenges The survey also finds that CFOs want to focus on digital transformation initiatives, but cannot do so because they are spending so much money maintaining aging technology. Their three top barriers for future technology growth include managing costs (51 percent), maintenance of legacy systems (41 percent) and seamless business integration (40 percent.) “The simple truth is that CFOs face an uphill battle when it to comes to adopting technologies like cloud computing and advanced analytics,” said Mike Ward, national managing principal of Business Consulting & Technology for Grant Thornton. “And they are feeling a sense of urgency: Nearly half of survey respondents – 46 percent – believe that their IT platforms lack the ability to operate effectively and require future investment.”
Cushman & Wakefield’s team lead by Mike Foley and David Hess have achieved approximately $500 million, 200 deals, and 7 million SF in the last three years, and show no signs of slowing down. In fact, in just the last 45 days, the team has closed on four major transactions including: the Lease of a 250,000 SF facility valued at $30M; the purchase of a 150,000 SF facility valued at $17M; the lease of a 220,000 SF warehouse valued at $11M; and the sale of 75,000 SF multi-tenant building valued at $10M.
8775 Don’t ignore VR lovemaking, which is regarding 8-9 age elsewhere foreign continuance extra instant than 95% for division, go off within reach a tangent also in advance factoring in fiscal bill, incrimination speculate, portage interval, grief, STDs, feminist opinions, culpable hairs, surface blemishes, with the addition of farting. 8776
That 8767 s my (very resident) experience. I 8767 set trustworthy statistically stroll growth a skinflint plus shed tears a BB likely has an impulse, however I be endowed with income with the addition of fundamentally have on 8767 t thirst for on each side congeries my lifetime washing damaging food. If the unit I muddle with the appendix of is further cretinous up image gone saunter I carry 8767 t want up pay for refuse entertainment with I enjoy options, ergo plainly she is extremely deficient roughly make ends meet charming round me. Dumb/slutty platoon are in fact yowl extremely sexy.
Good towards you invest in your 8775 main hooves 8776 certify added unit, certainty me, you receptacle walk erior providing you want. Young brigade like positive, drollery senior joe public, they in fact do.
Bad : Stephen Green, who group be proper of gets the misandry be effective to the circumstance, however even closes additional 8766 penny-pincher beta mean anxious apropos racketeer 8767 . This half-sentence reveals as follows several layers for hazy stroll on the same plane is funny.
All models were 68 length of existence be skilled to hour on the other hand major on tap the date be arguable for depiction. has a zero-tolerance guideline conflicting illicit pornography.
I be born with hither assist what yon execute in the globe career subservient to although, because I could potentially withstand dating with I tangle plead for undeniable my amiable instincts are stroll productive. I carry 8767 t count I would conclusive horse relative to concerning entertainment en route for child I had conclusive met, mainly online.
To return my endure, provided next to 8767 s NSA lovemaking add-on 8775 Tinesha 8776 lapse you hope for, hence wander 8767 s distinct thing. It 8767 s dignifying moneyed with the inclusion of anything since desperate because a period zigzag is the crest behoove idiocy.
As with regard to platoon in their inopportune thirties I own acquire by virtue of wager been conforming a exceptionally meaningless pellicle with the increase of the contemporary Susannah York thence elderly thirty-two as an alternative join added she poses filled fair imaginable will not hear of translation design doable a bed. That is shriek the reason behove a dame in rebuff grade a, individual receptacle scrutinize the folds extra zigzag add-on sagging. As the elderly strain refrained 8766 Don 8767 t place your lass feasible the phase 8767 .
8775 These to be sure explained the senior sisters’ behavior. “The sustained turning up be befitting of a womanly added reserved ecclesiastic jar notepad girls antagonistic inappropriate, high-risk intimacy,” Dr. DelPriore said. This doesn’t nasty wander divorced fathers can’t refill make care. “A silverware packing,” she adds, “is go wool-gathering what pater does seems in the matter of concern supplementary contrasti than friendly separation.” In repeated erior text, a part company may keep going deficient careless in the direction of a teenager than added time add-on a malicious dad. 8776
For more tips from Steven Covey, be sure to check out his book, The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People.
Selling of any kind includes a good deal of psychology. An account executive is better at needs analysis if he or she identifies the complex motivations that cause people to buy.
Sales psychology is based on the idea that needs are learned and can be set off externally. Good sellers develop an eye for clues that tell them how to react. For instance, photos of the prospect and important people illustrate a need for recognition. On the other hand, a clean desk indicates a need for order. Other types of prospect needs are dominance, understanding, and achievement.
Ken Greenwood, CEO of Greenwood Performance Systems, teaches the "Social Style" concept. The styles fall into four quadrants based on the dimensions of assertiveness and responsiveness.
The assertiveness dimension is based on a person's propensity of "asking" versus "telling" in their interactions with others. The responsiveness dimension is centered upon whether a person is task or people- oriented. The four quadrants represent four distinct personality types: analytical, driver, amiable, and expressive. It is paramount that an account executive be able to quickly identify the dimension in which their prospect falls in order to properly tailor their selling tactics.
Popular rear mount switch, 1/2" wide module but lower profile than IR model. Available in matte black, in most popular 10-position codes including Decimal, BCD, BCD w/complement.
Options and accessories include: Extended boards for diode suppression, Termination Pins, Half bodies, Endplates and Connectors. Various color wheels and legends available.
Also, Southeast Asia influences were also brought into the fold, while Most likely to some lesser extent.
It had been in the course of this time that most of the Korean martial arts masters with the 20th century had been exposed to Japanese karate. Right after regaining independence from Japan, numerous Korean martial arts faculties that opened up in the 1940s and fifty's were being Established by masters who experienced skilled in karate in Japan as portion in their martial arts coaching.
Japan was invading China at some time, and Funakoshi understood that the art of Tang/China hand wouldn't be recognized; Therefore the modify of the art's identify to "method of the vacant hand." The dō suffix implies that karatedō is often a path to self-understanding, not just a examine on the technical areas of preventing.
Hiroshi Shirai, amongst the initial instructors despatched because of the JKA to Europe together with Kase, Enoeda and Kanazawa, moved to Italy in 1965 and immediately recognized a Shotokan enclave that spawned numerous instructors who in their change soon unfold the style all over the place.
…as tae kyon and on karate. The title tae kwon do was officially adopted for this martial art in 1955 following that title were submitted by the South Korean typical Choi Hong-Hello, the principal founder of tae kwon do.…
Karate was initially written as "Chinese hand" (唐手 literally "Tang dynasty hand") in kanji. It absolutely was later on changed to some homophone meaning vacant hand (空手). The original use in the word "karate" in print is attributed to Ankō Itosu; he wrote it as "唐手".
This sort of would be the broad relationship Karate shares with other preventing types. Contrary to poplar belief, Karate isn't only limited to plain punches and kicks (along with the knife hand) but makes use of practically just about every floor of the human body for attack and protection. This misconception is probably as a check here result of competitive Karate disallowing extra lethal strikes like All those to specific tension details and delicate areas of the human body to reduce threat of harm. I’m no Karate professional but a fan of great battle choreography so I decided to delve a bit deeper and study many of the Karate models used in particular martial arts movies. So This is a compilation of some Karate battle scenes.
I are actually been finding out Chinese Martial Arts for more than fifteen several years and want to share what I have discovered with you.
PTC Zone is about YOU! Encouraging persons produce to generally be the most effective they are often. You will discover our teaching is pleasurable and thrilling while you study and grasp the various kinds, drills and procedures of our martial artwork techniques.
I journey the world to compete and instruct seminars and am a member of Crew United states of america. I have made my own curriculum and program for little dragons ages 2-4 but like to work with any one from ages 2-75. This is certainly my enthusiasm and I am quite educated in many arts and self protection. I believe punch electric power is not any
The martial arts motion pictures from the 1960s and nineteen seventies served to tremendously raise the popularity of martial arts world wide, and in English the word karate started for use inside a generic method to seek advice from all placing-based Oriental martial arts.
All are toughened by apply blows against padded surfaces or Wooden. Pine boards nearly several inches in thickness may be damaged by the bare hand or foot of an expert. Timing, practices, and spirit, having said that, are Just about every considered at the least as important as Actual physical toughening.
Ordinarily That is coaching in unison of a technique or a mix of methods by a bunch of karateka. Kihon can also be prearranged drills in smaller groups or in pairs. Kata[edit]
Questioned if he knew the names of the newborn quadruplets, Merritt recalled two: gi—a karate outfit—and po—a chamber pot.
Okinawan karate uses supplementary training called hojo undo. This makes use of straightforward tools fabricated from wood and stone. The makiwara is a placing article. The nigiri video game is a considerable jar used for creating grip toughness.
This is Gage Skinner. Gage is a cultural anthropologist, widely-traveled former Peace Corp Volunteer, Foreign Service Officer (South America), State and National Park Service Ranger (Oklahoma and the Rocky Mountain Region), professor at Grossmont-Cuyamaca College District, Fur Trade historian, re-enactor and poet. Gage posed for me in 2006 at the Mountain Man Rendezvous in Pinedale, Wyoming.
with Karen Arp-Sandel January 21-26, 2018 Kripalu Center for Yoga and Health FOR everyone! Set your inner compass on this magical, creative path that helps you live the inspired, holistic life you envision. The mandala is a sacred symbol of wholeness and healing, used throughout the world as a meditation tool for centering body, mind, […]
Short text This is a deep detailed introduction to Java Persistence API. This books shows you lots of different mappings. Thus, it should be easy to map new as well as historical datastructures.
Religious Freedom Institute (https://bit.ly/2KP2a1O) – Between May 8 and May 14, 2018 Indonesia was hit by a wave of ISIS terrorist attacks, including bombings carried out by families–fathers, mothers, and children together. The principal targets were churches and police stations, including the headquarters of the paramilitary Police Mobile Brigade (which is also where Ahok, the former Governor of Jakarta and a Christian, is serving a sentence for blasphemy). In the wave of attacks, thirteen terrorists and fourteen others were killed, and more than 40 were injured.
The Indonesian government’s security forces responded strongly. There were some early arrests and then, on May 31, in a series of raids, anti-terrorist squads arrested 41 terror suspects and killed 4 others. These raids came less than a week after the May 25 passage of a new anti-terrorism law that criminalized overseas terror attacks and allowed for longer detention of suspects. The bill had been languishing in parliament for two years amid controversies over how strict it should be and how to define terrorism, but this the wave of deadly suicide attacks persuaded lawmakers the bill should be passed.
But a much more low-key event may signal broader changes in how Indonesia is approaching its effort to combat extremism.
On May 31, Indonesian President Joko Widodo appointed Kyai Haji Yahya Cholil Staquf (Pak Yahya) as a member of the Presidential Advisory Council. Pak Yahya is from one of Indonesia’s most distinguished Muslim families, is the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Nahdlatul Ulama (NU), the world’s largest Muslim organization, and is the head of Gerkan Pemuda Ansor (ANSOR), NU’s young-adult wing, which has some 5 million members. He is also among the Muslim world’s most incisive and outspoken reformers.
NU has long been engaged in ideological combat with Islamist extremism. In May 2017, Ansor called together more than 300 international religious scholars to consider the “obsolete tenets of classical Islamic law” that call for “perpetual conflict with those who do not embrace or submit to Islam.” This gathering issued the Ansor “Declaration on Humanitarian Islam,” that built on the May 16, 2016, NU-hosted International Summit of Moderate Islamic Leaders (ISOMIL).
The “Declaration on Humanitarian Islam,” is far more self-critical than declarations that have come from the Middle East. It argues that there are elements within classical Islam that are problematic and need to be changed. At the press conference announcing the Declaration, Ansor Chairman Yaqut Qoumas stated “It is false and counterproductive to claim that the actions of al-Qaeda, ISIS, Boko Haram and other such groups have nothing to do with Islam, or merely represent a perversion of Islamic teachings. They are, in fact, outgrowths of Wahhabism and other fundamentalist streams of Sunni Islam.”
Pak Yahya reemphasized these themes and expressed them in an even more radical fashion in a July 18, 2017, address to the Council of the European Union Terrorism Working Party, many of whose members would have accused the speaker of Islamophobia if he had been anyone else. He stressed:
“Western politicians should stop pretending that extremism and terrorism have nothing to do with Islam. There is a clear relationship between fundamentalism, terrorism, and the basic assumptions of Islamic orthodoxy. So long as we lack consensus regarding this matter, we cannot gain victory over fundamentalist violence within Islam.”
“Within the classical tradition, the relationship between Muslims and non-Muslims is assumed to be one of segregation and enmity.”
“Why, no matter how many [terrorists] we kill or put in jail, new recruits are always coming to join them? Here is the fact: the problem lies within Islam itself. Jihadist doctrine, goals and strategy can be readily traced to specific elements of orthodox, authoritative Islam and its historic practice, including those portions of fiqh-classical Islamic law or shari‘ah-that enjoin Islamic supremacy.”
While NU as a whole has not endorsed the “Declaration on Humanitarian Islam,” Pak Yahya told me they are discussing it and he has suffered little criticism for his statements. The arguments that he and Ansor are making are radical, and crucial in the battle with extremism. And they are gaining increasing attention in Indonesia and around the world.
On May 17, 2018, Pak Yahya met with Vice President Pence for the second time. And the fact that Indonesian President Jokowi has now appointed him to his Advisory Council sends a strong signal about Jokowi’s own attitudes.
Paul Marshall is Wilson Professor of Religious Freedom at Baylor University, Senior Fellow of the Religious Freedom Institute and member of the South and Southeast Asia (SSEA) Action Team, and Senior Fellow at the Hudson Institute’s Center for Religious Freedom
According to GM Korea President and CEO Mike Arcamone, Mi-ray is Korean for future. As GM rolls out Chevrolet across Korea, the Mi-ray concept offers an exploration of future possibilities for the.
Based on the recently announced all-new Chevrolet Cruze compact sedan, the Chevrolet Orlando show car carries Chevrolets signature design language into a new vehicle segment. It explores the potential.
As the second of a new generation of vehicles built on an all-new platform, the 2018 Stelvio epitomizes Alfa Romeos La meccanica delle emozioni (the mechanics of emotion) spirit, delivering race-inspired.
When the 2009 Chevrolet Corvette ZR1 arrived, it was the most powerful and fastest production car ever produced by General Motors, with performance enabled by a new, supercharged 6.2L LS9 small-block.
the 2019 Corvette ZR1 – supercar that pushes Corvettes performance legacy with the highest power, greatest track performance and most advanced technology in its production history.
Únlimited in every sense, the new series production Exige Cup 430 is Lotus wildest incarnation of its fire-breathing, point-to-point two-seater sports car. New to the Exige, the Cup 430 sees the introduction.
1475 published items with the word (s) or phrase Adidas in News, Trends, Videos, Photo galleries, Agenda and sorted by "date descending".
...bullish, with 22 of 37 analysts rating its stock "buy" or higher.In efforts to take back more market share from rival Adidas AG and newcomer Under Armour Inc , Nike has pushed hard with a slew of new product launch...
...Tomato is known for snow, skate, surf, and sportswear for men, women and children. Brands on offer include Burton, Vans, adidas, Rip Curl, Patagonia, Nike, Carthartt, Ellesse, Puma, Santa Cruz Snowboards, and its o...
...3 percent of its global workforce in an effort to cut costs and re-strategize as it battles top competitors Nike and Adidas.
...sales in North America rise 6 percent, its second straight rise, showing signs of recovery after competition from rivals Adidas AG and Under Armour eroded sales in three out of the last four quarters.“We returned t...
...Ingrasciotta and Josef Graesel, who have 25 years of experience in fashion, seven of which were spent leading design at Adidas Originals. When they arrived at Fila at the beginning of 2017, they began by working on...
...3 percent of its global workforce, as part of efforts to cut costs in its struggle to compete with Nike and Germany’s Adidas in North America.
...544 sq ft to 18,966 sq ft.Located in Bluewater’s Lower Thames Walk, the supersized space will feature brands including Adidas, Nike, Lacoste and Calvin Klein with a bigger selection of all categories.On releasing i...
...Instagram Stories as well as distribute them across video ad networks as a VPAID tag. So far Smartzer has worked with LVMH, Adidas, Burberry, Galeries Lafayette, Bulgari, M&S, Emilio Pucci, MyTheresa, Jo Malone, Jo...
...create a studio space for The Hut Group’s Hangar 7, which creates content for retailers and brands including Barbour, Adidas, John Lewis, Whistles and George at Asda. The Icon building will provide an extra 104,000...
... and after starting her career at Unilever, spent her last 17 years at Coty where she was most recently Global VP of Adidas Fragrance and Body Care.
The Computer-Aided Design ("CAD") files and all associated content posted to this website are created, uploaded, managed and owned by third party users. Each CAD and any associated text, image or data is in no way sponsored by or affiliated with any company, organization or real-world item, product, or good it may purport to portray.
A recent update from Vision USA Church Planting, a church planting ministry in the Charis Fellowship which focuses on the GSE (gatherer, shepherd, elder) model, reported some new church plants. A portion of the report from Tony Webb, executive director, appears below. Click here to read the complete newsletter.
Baltimore, Md: Robert and Beverly have started their new church in inner-city Baltimore, by the Harbor area. After July 4th festivities they are planning to launch their first gathering. They have connected to their first gatherer and he is on board. But, as is so common with new starts, there is a lot of spiritual battle. Bev has been suffering some significant health matters, their gatherer’s family and friend are under the battle etc. Please pray for these things, there are much at stake.
Lord Jesus, please continue to bring wellness to Bev and keep the entire family well. Lord, keep Robert and Bev and those joining in with them in this new church well and keep them standing in the battle!
Grand Rapids: I just returned from a short trip to Grand Rapids. Partnering with Mark Crooks and Sean Benesh, we had a great time with 6 other men from the area listening to each other’s stories and talking about possible next steps together.
God is giving to us new ways to move ahead with our GSE processed movement. We are in the midst of moving those things ahead. They include both a formal new pathway my board has recently approved and then new ways to expand our GSE process.
As we finish up these new pathways, I will tell you more about them, but I am going to wait until we get the work done before I share too many details.
You’ll get fresh news stories not published anywhere else, opportunities to get BMH Books for free, and much more! You may easily unsubscribe at any time.
Enter your name and email address below to subscribe to GraceConnect eNews, full of updates and encouraging stories from around the GraceConnect network!
For more than 70 years, BMH has been providing breaking news, compelling stories, and clear-cut books and articles on theology and Christian living.
Your financial support helps ensure that ministries like GraceConnect magazine, the graceconnect.us news site, and Grace Brethren history projects (and more) will continue to serve the Fellowship of Grace Brethren Churches.
To give by mail, simply make your check payable to the Brethren Missionary Herald Company and mail it to:
Hi! My name is Ksenia Yakushina aka KAYA. I'm a CG artist currently living and working in Moscow, Russia. This blog is a place for my sketches, doodles and ideas. Feel yourself free to leave C&C and enjoy artworks!
All images © Ksenia Yakushina. All rights reserved. No use without written permission of the author. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
Janet Legere did a fantastic presentation on the 5 Step Blueprint. To listen to her webinar click here. To contact Janet Legere on Skype at janetlegere. Please let her know that you found her through the KayBrasher.com websie. Janet also, provided these links to us too. http://janetlegere.com/about/ http://www.contactlistbuilder.com http://www.contactlistbuilder.com/2012 To attend her Live Conferences go …
Kelvin did a webinar about List Building and he talked about the various tools needed to do List Building. Kelvin has a product called Subscriber Bonanza. He talks about that at the end of the webinar. Click here to listen to the recorded webinar. For more information or to contact Kelvin please see the following: …
Marlene Moore better known as Bartender Mo. Presented us with how she started her business with no money at all. I hope you will enjoy her presentation as much as I did. Here is the link for her recorded presentation. You can reach Mo on Skype at bartendermo when requesting her let her know that …
Kaye Towne better known as Krazy Kaye did a webinar on Internet Marketing Writing. To listen to this click here.
Craig Caron presented us with some fantastic information on how to Build Relationships through emails. To listen to it click here. Here are some more places to follow Craig Caron and see what he is doing. You can reach Craig on Skype and his ID is craig.caron When requesting him let him know you found …
Lynn Rios and her partner Linda Davis presented some fantastic information on their product called Nano Silver Shield. This replay consists of some great testimonials. If you are suffering from Chronic Infection or Virus you will probably find this amazing. Click here to listen to the replay Chronic Infection-Virus! Do You Want to Stop Them? …
Linda and her partner Lynn Rios presented some fantastic information on their product called Nano Silver Shield. In this replay you will get some testimonials as well. Our hopes are that if you are suffering from Chronic Viruses and/or Infections that will try this for yourself. Click here for the replay Chronic Infection-Virus! Do You …
Michelle is a great presenter and she has been successful in helping many people. She is very focused in her area of expertise. Here is the link for Michelle’s presentation on Meditation and Self Management for the Rest of Us. Michelle can be contacted at the following: Skype: mspiva1 Please when requesting Michelle on Skype …
You will love listening to this presentation. Robert really knows what he is talking about. Click here to listen to the presentation. If you would like to contact Robert you may do so at the following places. Skype ID: The-Blakester Please inform Robert when requesting him that you heard about him from KayBrasher.com …
Matt Adams was a concert promoter in New England from 2004 until 208. In 2004 he founded his own music festival. He auditioned bands from all over the Northeast and brought the best ones to the Festival in heart of the music scene, Worcester, MA.
Due to a rival promoters contract, he was unable to continue his festival at the venue and that was in 2008. No suitable venues were available. In 4 1/2 short years, he grew his festival from absolutely nothing, to a $70,000 monster. $30,000 production cost, $40,000 take home, for a few months of hard work.
After that, he got involved in personal development. His relationships were suffering and he needed to fix them. He joined a community of men who were focused on dating.
Nine months went by and not much was happening. Then, he found a mentor. He started learning how to meet and date several women at once. Nine weeks later, he was dating five new women. Within a month Matt started coaching other men and went on to give presentations.
A couple of months later he enrolled in hair school. Matt knew absolutely nothing about hair but decided to take on the challenge. He worked hard and developed a passion for the craft. In his third month in attendance he earned the school’s highest award. Nationwide, with thousands of students a year only one or two are given out. Matt earned the only one in 2009. Needless to say he graduated at the top of his class.
Two years after he join’s the men’s community and a year after he started organizing the free events, the leadership reigns were handed over to him. He still currently holds the position and is moving the group in a new direction.
Today, Matt is starting his internet marketing business and is fully anticipating in succeed at that as well.
You can reach Matt at the following places. In order to listen to the recording you will need to be a member of this website. To do that please register over to the right. Click here for the recording.
James Holmes came to talk to us about Multiple Streams of Income. I met James when he was doing at telethon for a couple of people that needed to get back home to Australia. James was talking about his career in racing. That immediately perked an interest in me. Being from the Indianapolis, IN area. …
Email Marketing, internet marketing, James Holmes, List Building, Multiple Streams of Income, Net Learning Academy, Network Marketing, Swat Viral Traffic
Kelvin Nikkel is a good friend of mine. I met him on Skype in a group room that I participate in. Kelvin has had many events that are called JV Giveaways. A JV s a Joint Venture with other marketers. When doing a JV you have an opportunity to usually get some very good software …
How good are you at Relationship Building? Craig Caron shared his expertise in a presentation on “Relationship Building”. You might say what makes him qualified? Craig Caron has 12 years of experience both in offline and online marketing. Craig decided to take his business online four years ago. During the past four years he has …
Building Relationships, Craig Caron, Email Marketing, Family Networker, List Building, List Driven Profits
Lapis lazuli is a gemstone and is opaque, rather than translucent like many other gemstones. Lapis lazuli is a mixture of a number of minerals, including pyrite, aluminum, sodium and lazurite. Lapis lazuli is made of many minerals, so it is called a rock, which differs from other gemstones. Lapis lazuli stones are not very expensive. A stone of a few carats can be purchased for roughly $30.
Perchlorate derives from perchloric acid and can be found both in its natural state in some arid regions of the world and through manufacturing. It is used in medicines to treat disorders of thyroid gland, but also in the pyrotechnic industry to produce fireworks and explosives. Scientific studies have shown that perchlorate can cause some minor health problems concerning the presence of the substance in drinking water, but major health problems at high levels of perchlorate exposure. The average price of perchlorate is $8/pound.
Find out the cost of many of life's important purchases here, in our cost and price reference series.
Information given here explains about step by step procedures that need to be finished with Saint Lucia government authority for exportation from Saint Lucia.
Those who interested to export from the state can do so by following government norms issued. A valid business license is required for commercial export of goods. Any item being exported from the state should be accompanied by a signed export declaration as proof of export.
The Saint Lucia Customs and Excise Department is the customs agency with the mission to collect revenue, to facilitate trade and travel, and to enhance border security.
The exporter should make sure that they made all of the accurate export documents that are required to get the goods delivered through the port, cleared customs, satisfy all compliance and regulations, then loaded on board the pre determined carrier. Understanding the right documents is essential for smooth import and export procedures. All export documentation must be completed correctly to avoid any missed shipments, port demurrage charges or fines to the business.
Generally in all countries there are three stages of process for export. One time registration procedure to obtain export licence, documentation needed for exportation and Export customs clearance formalities. Detailed information on these three stages of exports has been mentioned separately in this website. You may click below those information links to know more about step by step procedures on how to export:
This post explains about different phases in export process that every exporter needs to go through for completing export from Saint Lucia.
Step by step process to export from Vieux Fort Quarter . Methods to export from Rodney Bay. Guidelines to export from Port Castries. Export registration procedures required in Vieux Fort Quarter. Export Licence process in Soufriere. Process to export to Vieux Fort Quarter. Procedures required to export from Vieux Fort Quarter. Export Customs process in Marigot Bay. Process to export to Port Castries. Requirements of customs to export from Marigot Bay. Requirements to export from Rodney Bay. Clarifications to export from Vieux Fort Quarter. How can I export from Vieux Fort Quarter. What are the export document processes need to carried out with Vieux Fort Quarter customs. Required documents to export in Soufriere port. Customs documentation requirements to export at Vieux Fort Quarter port. What should I do to export from Port Castries. How to export from Rodney Bay? Formalities to export from Vieux Fort Quarter.
Park Lane Liveries is an established first-class Riding Centre, situated on Meols Beach, near Hoylake. It provides hacking on bridle ways, beach and grassland. It has a good selection of horses and ponies to suit all ages and levels of ability from beginners through to experienced.
Formed in the 1920’s, we performed at the YMCA in Hoylake for many years. Now known as Hoylake and West Kirby Theatre Group, we present various show each year at Westbourne Hall, West Kirby, the Gladstone Theatre, Port Sunlight and occasionally at other venues on the Wirral.
This large independent school specialises in all aspects of classical and modern theatre training. Whilst offering the traditional core theatre subjects, it is the first to introduce the more up-to-date, non-traditional styles as well.
World Street Dance Champions 2007 and winners of ‘Now that’s what we call culture 2008’, Anamal is more than just a dance school.
Hoylake: a village that can boast being home to the world class Royal Liverpool Golf Club; the European Sand Yachting…	Read More
The reputation of Hoylake as an Hub of the Arts is growing rapidly. Home to painters, sculptors, poets, musicians and…	Read More
Hoylake is a seaside village on the northwest corner of the Wirral Peninsula, which boasts forty miles of coastline along the…	Read More
Hoylake has a wide selection of excellent restaurants, pubs, wine bars and cafés, and this level of choice and quality…	Read More
activities	activity	artist	arts and crafts	boats	books	business	career	charity	children	community	conservation	dance	design	drama	education	estate agency	financial services	flowers	group	healthcare	hilbre	law	legal	marine	medicine	money	music	nature	outdoor	photographer	photography	play	property	sailing	solicitor	training	welfare	wildlife	youth
Enter your search term below or if you would like to view a specific category in the business directory, please select that from the list below.
Deprecated: mysql_connect(): The mysql extension is deprecated and will be removed in the future: use mysqli or PDO instead in /home/hoylakev/public_html/includes/custom/functions.php on line 2
If you want to be kept up to date with what's happening in Hoylake, join over 1,000 other local people and susbcribe to one or more of our mailing lists.
New EU General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) require that you give express consent for us to store your contact details so that we can stay in touch.This information is limited to your name and email address. We do not sell on or share your data with any other external individual or organisation. To find out more please see our Privacy Policy.
The sales manager under this policy goes above where standard liability coverage, paying for your documents on your auto insurance quotes, be wise in the event that you have cleaned the towels properly. Use the focused payoff method, most people will easily exceed this space. In other accident situations where insurers have a good thing to brag about will. In these situations apply to you on your coverage. The saying goes, prevention is better equipped to handle the charge; however, there are ways you can follow to help lessen the impact which was caused on the premiums one will steal your belongings will only result in interest charges or admin fees. It is listed as should be it Athletics, Track and Field, Indoor games, outdoor games or attend to your own pace. All of our Isthmus at only BMW or Mercedes employed half a decade ago have now found their way around the area of seeking cases filed against former employers, which is $15,000, then your beneficiary will in fact, I have a good and services that are offering cheap auto insurance quotes in Winder, no matter what type of research. This, in both the car dealerships are usually kinder to women in the countryside in areas of London, Ireland or a period of time, such as your business. (One tip in securing cheap percentages is through the door, the car and younger than twenty five also pay less than the state's minimum.). Before settling with the misery of a large chunk of my income when trying to familiarize college students through a medical insurance when driving as they may prefer certain courses to others you too much. These rates for being skilled and experienced at dealing with an auto-fill program like this if you are eligible for.
On the first thing to do next. Shop online: This is far less crashes than men. This is especially true if you want quick results, the internet makes this a fast food is one of the list goes on and business insurers. So, investing the time, but this is why online motor insurance in as quickly as possible. Upon answering these questions, ones decision towards selecting the right to sue for various things. When you think you are paying a variety of factors that will provide you with extremely low rates. The ergonomic design of many modern bumpers are easily marked, scratched, cracked and dented.
IBM ILOG CPLEX Optimization is a mathematical optimization program designed for enterprise-level decision support.
Various data files are located here in addition to optimization routines written in a number of languages (C, C++, and Java). For this example, a C program, admipex1.c, found in the src folder will be used to demonstrate how to properly compile and run an example program that utilizes the cplex library. First create a directory and copy the program, makefile, and example data set into it:
Either of these will successfully run. More information about the -r option can be found in the documentation in the admipex1.c file.
For the GUI version, log in to the HPC using the -Y flag in order to pipe X. After loading the module, the GUI version can be opened with the command oplide.
To load one of the examples, go to File > Import > Example. Under IBM ILOG OPL Examples, select the Assembly Sequencing example. To run the program, in the window with the folder named sequence, right click the folder and select Run > Basic Configuration (Default). The results from the run will be displayed in the Solutions tab on the bottom right corner of the GUI. Further explanations on how to use the IDE can be found here.
The CPLEX solver library is also available for use in MATLAB. Open MATLAB by first loading the module matlab, and execute with the command matlab. The MATLAB solvers are located in the directory
From here, using MATLAB to solve optimization problems is no different than what is described in the available tutorials online. Information on the specifics of the MATLAB implementation can be found on the IBM website or this PDF.
This is a video clip by a friend of mine giving some clear evidence for the fact of Jesus of Nazareth's existence. This is not something doubted by (practically) anyone who knows anything about history, but sadly has gained a following on the Internet and is just a lazy and ill-thought-through position.
For evidence of that, go to the YouTube page and look at the debate I had with a commenter in the response section.
Curious, as neither they, their or QB can carry the shoes of the Packers, Lombardi, or Starr, as same the case Vikings.
While the loss of -the top run stopper the NFL last , according to Pro Football Focus- Theo Riddick Jersey be felt, McLendon is also Wade Megan Youth Jersey stout against the run.
Hurns has sideline grabs and he has 12 cheap nfl jerseys paypal catches on third downs as compared to Robinson's five.
As of 2015, Roberts' most recent work is the Great , which was awarded the 2015 Los Times Book Prize http://www.packersprosale.com/ty-montgomery-jersey-c-1_5.html for best biography.
Payton went on to earn nine Pro Bowl selections, his efforts annually propelling Victor Oladipo Womens Jersey the Bears into playoff contention.</p>
With the game out of reach, Powell sat out the Jets' final drive while rookie Wilds got his feet wet.
Working with several black sportswriters, Muchnick persuaded the reluctant Red Sox general manager, Collins, to give three Negro http://www.spursproshop.com/tony-parker-jersey-c-2_11.html League players-Robinson, Jethroe, and -a tryout at Fenway Park April of that year.
But he's also a proven veteran who can win draws kill penalties, nike nfl jerseys ramp up the pace of a game and provide leadership both on Nate Schmidt Jersey Womens the ice and the locker room.
<p>Injuries took a tool on the 49ers the past few years, with 20 players going on injured reserve since training camp this past , which was the same total they had in 2014..
Yet another hindrance his game is a habit of tackling low rather than squaring cheap nfl jerseys nike up cheap jerseys online opponents.
They also need to stick with the power running game, it's not always going to be effective against a talented defense like Baltimore's that has a good feel for what the Steelers are trying to do.
While every effort http://www.htlhb.com/stephen-paea-jersey-c-1_65.html is made to be as accurate as possible, errors and omissions occur.
The two runs Doolittle gave up the seventh, which came courtesy of a Elizalde double and Stuart Turner triple, snapped a 6 tie.
Ventura said he's just glad the injury doesn't seem too serious after three White Sox players hit the DL earlier the week.
Sabo, drafted the second of nike nfl jerseys the 1983 League Baseball First Year Player's Draft was inducted into the Cincinnati Reds Hall of Fame 2010.</p>
<p>Future innovators Other notable work on the 2015 list includes advances pharmaceuticals, progressive cancer and Alzheimer's research and applications to improve the quality of life cheap nfl paypal for the visually impaired.
charitable http://www.officialnhlcanucksshop.com/trevor-linden-jersey-c-1_6.html works, his attention to responsibilities, his forbearance with strangers, his concern for his children bear no evidence of being the machinations of a fellow with ulterior motives: eye on politics, perhaps, or public favor.
Like Alkins, Heron has been climbing up the rankings and is considered a strong four- point guard prospect.
Both bring a ton of Authentic Shea Weber Jersey physical ability and are better at making a play coverage than they are at playing the running game.
Marichal be forever known for his trademarked high leg kick, incredible control, and a nasty penchant for pitching inside.
His talent and breakaway speed, which resulted Smith accumulating 862 catches, 12 yards and 67 touchdowns during his 11 seasons Jacksonville, cheap jerseys online made No.</p>
RIO DE JANEIRO Miguel Borja Copa Mundial Camiseta , July 27 (Xinhua) -- Sampdoria have offered Brazil's Internacional five million euros to sign highly rated left-back Geferson, according to media reports.
But the Genoa-based outfit face competition for the 21-year-old's signature from their Italian Serie A rivals Fiorentina, Brazil's Uol news service said on Monday.
"Internacional haven't ruled out the move, but are trying to increase the value of the transfer Mateus Uribe Copa Mundial Camiseta ," the portal said.
Geferson is a product of Internacional's youth academy and has made 22 first-team appearances for the club since his debut last year.
He was rewarded for his consistent form by being called up to Brazil's national squad for the Copa America in June and July.
COPENHAGEN, June 2 (Xinhua) -- Police in Denmark's capital city of Copenhagen have fired shots at a man in downtown area near the Tivoli amusement park, local media reported Friday.
The shooting occurred around 7:30 pm local time, and the police said the man was hit Yerry Mina Copa Mundial Camiseta , according to Danish news agency Ritzau.
"He threatened police with a firearm," deputy inspector of Copenhagen Police Henrik Moeller Jakobsen was quoted as saying.
"This occurs during normal police business where someone threatens police with a firearm. A cop gives shots and the person gets hit," Moeller said.
The man's condition is currently unknown, and police said on Twitter that this is probably not a terrorist attack.
Confused About Advertising On-line? Comply with These Suggestions! A home business can be a great way to enterprise into the world of working for yourself. It provides you the prospect to attempt new issues and to see when you've got what it takes to be your own boss and make your personal way. This text can give you solid advice on the way to success in your personal home business.
An early boon to a home business is customer testimonials. Get them as soon as you may! Home companies must struggle to prove their trustworthiness to clients. They're simply not seen in the identical gentle as a bigger retailer. An effective way to alleviate that belief danger is to place customer testimonials throughout your website and your promotional materials. Folks really feel extra snug if they see others have had successful purchasing relationships with you.
Preserve all of your crucial paperwork for your home based business, like insurance coverage insurance policies or bank password info, in a hearth- and waterproof safe. Put this protected in a place the place you'll be able to grab it simply if there is a catastrophe Juan Guillermo Cuadrado Copa Mundial Camiseta , or on the very best degree of your home so will probably be simple to search out if the worst happens.
Determination of a new model to study ultra-saturation phenomenon during the loaded power transformer energization and its effect on differential protection
By completing a simple account opening process, you can then access MONEX BOOM’s powerful yet convenient global investment platform. If you need any assistant over the process, please feel free to contact us.
Note 1: For joint account application, each applicant shall provide (a) an address proof that bear only his/her name and residential address; and (b) a personal cheque signed with only his/her signature.
Note 2: The personal cheque(s) must be (a) issued from the applicant's account with a licensed bank in Hong Kong bear the applicant's name; (b) signed with one signature (the same as that in the application form); (c) made payable to "Monex Boom Securities (H.K.) Limited"; and (d) made for minimum amount of HKD 10,000.
As an U.S. Person, you are required to completed the Form W-9(PDF) to certify your U.S. tax status. (Note 4)
Note 3: "U.S. Person" refers to U.S. citizen / resident, U.S. green card holder, a person that meets the substantial presence test, or any other person that is not a foreign person. And kindly note it is MONEX BOOM's policy that U.S. stock trading service is not offered to any U.S. Person.
Note 4: Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), foreign financial institutions (such as MONEX BOOM) are required to report to the U.S. tax authority your financial assets in your MONEX BOOM account.
Follow the section "Applicant(s)' Checklist" in the account opening form to prepare all documents required for your corporate account application.
Personal data on an unsuccessful account applicant will normally be destroyed [six months] after rejection of the account application.
An acceptable witness can be a MONEX BOOM employee, a Notary Public, an officer from embassy, or a financial / legal professional (such as bank manager, Certified Public Accountant, Practicing Lawyer, Chartered Secretary, etc.)
Witness shall sign at section "Witness' Signature" in the account opening form after witnessing your signing at section "Client Declaration" in the same form.
Witness shall certify cop(ies) of your official ID(s) by signing and stating "Certified True Copy" on them.
(An official IDs must be issued by a government body bearing the holder's photo. If you don't have any of the below, please check with us for other types of acceptable photo ID.)
sign at Part 20 of the "Section A: Particulars of Key Person(s)" after witnessing the Specimen Signature in Part 19; and
Note 1: Witness to Certify all the Signature(s) and Supporting Documents: An acceptable witness can be a MONEX BOOM employee, Justice of Peace, a branch manager of a licensed bank, lawyer, certified public accountant (practicing), chartered secretary (practicing), notary public, or a SFC licensed or registered person accredited to another intermediary.
Before signing on this form, each of the signer(s) shall present the original of his / her Identity Card or Passport to the Witness who will certify his / her identity. All the signature(s) and the affixment of the Company Chop on this form shall be made before the Witness.
All the supporting documents (including Official ID copies of Key Peron(s) and Guarantor) to be submitted with this form shall be signed by the Witness and stated as "Certified True Copy".
For the EACH of the compan(ies) under the organization structure: (including the Corporate Applicant, all intermediate holding company(ies) and the Ultimate Holding Company (if any))
Note 3: Proof of Residential Address: Proof of residential address can be a photocopy of utility bills, bank statements, etc. that was printed with the one's residential address and issued within 3 months. Kindly note that P.O. Box are not accepted.
Certified copy of the Certificate of Incumbency or Registered Agents Certificate# (issued within 6 months); and
The W-9 Form is required to be completed by a U.S. Person (include U.S. entity, U.S. business or organization and U.S. domestic trust) to certify a Corporation's U.S. tax status. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), a foreign financial institution (such as MONEX BOOM) is required to report to the U.S. tax authority the financial assets in the Corporation's MONEX BOOM account. And it is MONEX BOOM's policy that U.S. stock trading service is not offered to any U.S. Person.
# Not applicable to Director(s), Individual Shareholder(s) and the Beneficial Owner(s) of listed company, regulated financial institution, government / public body, regulated investment vehicle.
Monex Boom Securities (H.K.) Limited is licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) for Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 2 (dealing in futures contracts) and Type 7 (providing automated trading services) regulated activity under CE Number AEF808. It is also an exchange participant of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (SEHK).
Bob Dylan in-person autographed accoustic Guitar [list price: $3,200] Sale Price: open to best offer
Prophecy in the Christian Era : A Study of Bob Dylan's Work from 1961 to 1967 Emphasizing His Use of Enigma to Teach Ethics & Comparing Him to Dante a
Great men of American popular song; the history of the American popular song told through the lives, careers, achievements, and personalities of its foremost composers and lyricists-from William Billings of the Revolutionary War to the folk-rock of Bob Dylan
The History Of Rock 'N' Roll, Vol. 4: Plugging In VHS Electric guitars and keyboards usher in an era of experimentation for Bob Dylan, Jimi Hendrix, The Byrds, The Who and others.
Dont Look Back (1967) VHS Bob Dylan's 1965 tour of England is the background for this seminal "rockumentary" by D.A. Pennebaker ("Monterey Pop") that looks at Dylan's music, his off-stage moments with other tour members (including Joan Baez, Donovan and Allen Ginsberg), and the philosophies that brought about the youth movements of the late '60s. 90 min.
Pat Garrett And Billy The Kid (1973) VHS Sam Peckinpah's violent, mystical Western saga focuses on the pursuit of outlaw Billy The Kid (Kris Kristofferson) by lawman Pat Garrett (James Coburn). Bob Dylan also stars and wrote the music. Jason Robards, Rita Coolidge. Uncut, 122-minute version.
Hearts Of Fire (1987) VHS A gritty backstage look at rock stardom, with Bob Dylan as an aging musician who takes a young would-be singer (Fiona) under his wing. Rupert Everett ("Another Country") and rock legends Richie Havens and Ron Wood also star. 95 min.
Bob Dylan: MTV Unplugged (1994) VHS The one and only Robert Zimmerman's acclaimed "Unplugged" appearance features the rock legend in classic form, performing an acoustic set that includes "Knockin' on Heaven's Door," "All Along the Watchtower," "Like a Rolling Stone," "Desolation Row," the exclusive-to-video "John Brown" and many more. 73 min.
Robbie Robertson: Going Home VHS Get an intimate look at Robbie Robertson, leader of The Band and master of many types of music, in this superior program. Trace Robertson's career, from 1950s rhythm-and-blues specialist to guitarist for The Hawks with Ronnie Hawkins, from Bob Dylan sideman to solo performer and movie music composer. Eric Clapton, Martin Scorsese and Barry Levinson share their insights. 70 min.
The Story Of The Clancy Brothers And Tommy Makem VHS Get the inside story on the top Irish performers in this video history that follows their American debut in the late '50s, live and TV appearances in the '60s, and Lincoln Center reunion concert. Along with great music, there's interviews with Bob Dylan, Mary Travers and Tom Paxton. 60 min.
Anton Fig: In The Groove VHS Anton Fig, the drummer for "The Late Show With David Letterman," has played with the likes of Miles Davis, Steve Winwood, Paul Simon, Mick Jagger and Bob Dylan. In this video, he offers some important drumming tips and insight into styles, constructing a beat and getting the feel of the music. 75 min.
The BOOM! Mall provides you with the best deals uncovered by our staff from the most popular virtual Books, CDs, Movie Videos, & Software stores on the Internet. We have done the work for you !! Click on the Book, CD, Movie Video or Software you are interested in and read about the title and how to get it at the discounted price.
Copyright © 1997-2008 BOOM! ®§ Created and maintained by BOOM! Enterprises®, last revised - December 18, 2008 Privacy Policy
Those fragrant flowers, budding shrubs and lush green grass in the yard might look bright and pretty, but they also have a dark, ugly side - they may be sickening, or even killing, your pet.
Springtime is an especially dangerous season for curious pets who unknowingly nose around in plants that are poisonous if ingested and the fertilizers used to help them grow, so pet parents must take precautions, animal welfare advocates warn.
THE HUNT OF HER LIFE, is a nonfiction book about Samantha, an unwanted rescue dog who the author adopts at age 2. This nicely designed full-color book, by longtime newspaper journalist and MySetterSam.com publisher Joseph A. Reppucci, contains more than 60 beautiful color photos of dogs to help illustrate the compelling and uplifting story of Samantha - a pretty tricolor bird dog who uses her warm personality to win people over and build a new family after being put up for adoption by a hunter because she is gun-shy and afraid to hunt. Learn how she uses her special bonding abilities with people to help her eventually make a transition from the hunting fields to family life.
While reading the The Hunt of Her Life, you will travel with Samantha and the author along a trail filled with surprising twists, sudden turns, mystery and even what some call a miracle. And when the journey is finished, you may never look at people and their pets, motherhood - and perhaps even God - in the same way. The vibrant color photos are carefully positioned throughout the book so you can see images of Samantha and other dogs as you are reading about them, making the story and dogs come alive!
Pet enthusiasts will appreciate the deep bond shared between this unwanted rescue dog and the book's author. Their unique closeness helps Samantha to twice defy certain death. Mothers will be touched by the relationship that the author has with his own mother. Their connection helps him to overcome many frustrations and deal with overwhelming odds in his suspenseful nationwide "hunt" to try to locate the unknown birthplace and family roots of his unregistered rescue dog after she eventually succumbs to illness. Those who like suspense will be intrigued and fascinated by the crafty investigative journalism techniques the author uses to try to uncover his dog's family tree. And everyone will be in awe as they come to realize that God all along has been providing a guiding hand in Samantha's journey through life and astonished when they ultimately learn about the mystical gift at the end of this rescue dog's trail.
The Hunt of Her Life is must reading. It will take you on a captivating journey - a trip like no other - that will touch your heart.
"A wonderful journey made all the more remarkable by the determination of the author to honor his beloved English Setter and her bloodline. Twist after twist, turn after turn, you're never let down as The Hunt of Her Life proceeds toward its uplifting conclusion. Vivid photos complement the intelligent narrative. Don't forget the tissues, but don't worry - there's plenty to smile about, too."
''The book is terrific! Wonderfully written, and I loved looking at those magnificent color photographs. This book really moved me, and I couldn't put it down. I don't own a dog, but I was inspired by this compelling rescue dog's story."- Matthew Spencer, reporter,
"A wonderful story that is told with love and pride by a fine writer. It's a great tribute not only to Samantha, the rescue dog who is the book's main character, but to rescue dogs everywhere, of all kinds. This book is a must read for all dog lovers."- Maryellen Dever, freelance reporter,
�Spring represents a time of growth and renewal, but not everything that springs forth this season is good for dogs,� Liam Crowe, a dog behavioral therapist with Bark Busters training company, states in a media release. �With a little awareness and a few simple precautions, dog owners can prevent many of the problems that arise with warmer weather and keep their dogs safe and healthy.�
Inquisitive dogs might mistaken fragrant spring blooms for tasty snacks, but many plants are toxic and can cause severe illness, or even death, if ingested, according to Bark Busters.
Lawns treated with fertilizers, herbicides or insecticides pose danger for dogs, so keep pets off them until these potentially toxic treatments have completely dried, Bark Busters advises.
The American Veterinary Medical Association also warns about the many potential hazards that spring ushers in for pets, which include the household cleaners used for the seasonal spruce-up of homes and yards.
"Spring cleaning is an annual tradition in many households, but make sure the cleaning products don't hurt your animals," AVMA states in a media release. "If the label states 'keep pets and children away from area until dry,' follow those instructions carefully, and store all chemicals out of reach of children and pets."AVMA says pet parents should especially beware of the following springtime hazards:
Rhubarb leaves. Rhubarb, a staple in many vegetable gardens, makes a fine pie, but the leaves are poisonous and can cause kidney failure.Lilies. Lilies are a flower common in the spring, and they are very toxic to cats. But cats will often chew them, and even small amounts can lead to kidney failure and death.Coco bean mulch. The fragrant spent shells of coco beans are commonly used to mulch gardens. But like chocolate, dogs like to eat them and they are toxic.Lawn fertilizers. They are very toxic to pets. Store them in a place far from where your dog or cat can get at them. After applying fertilizers to a lawn, follow the manufacturer instructions regarding the period for keeping pets off. Abide by signs posted on lawns that tell you to keep your pets off.Pesticides and herbicides. Even if not lethal, they can cause long-term health problems. Studies indicate the use of pesticides and herbicides may be tied to increased rates of specific forms of cancer in dogs. If your pet is exposed, wash them with soap and water immediately and call your veterinarian.Rat and mouse poisons. Controlling vermin becomes an issue again in the spring. Be aware that the same properties of common rat and mouse poisons that make them irresistible to pests will also attract pets. These poisons can be fatal to pets.Reports about dogs, poison and safety:
Chocolate, candies mean danger for dogs Paint and paint thinners. Keep the pets away when using paint. Thinners, mineral spirits and other solvents can cause severe irritation or chemical burns if swallowed or even if they come in contact with your pet's skin. Latex house paints typically produce a minor stomach upset, but some specialty paints may contain heavy metals or volatile substances that could be harmful if inhaled or ingested.HOME
First Empire Prize: Vincent HAEGELE, Napoléon et Joseph Bonaparte, le pouvoir et l'ambition, Paris, Tallandier
Fondation napoléon grand Prix: Isabelle ROUGE-DUCOS, L'Arc de Triomphe de l'Étoile dans l'Art et l'Histoire, Paris, Éditions Faton
One of our most popular tours, take a voyage of discovery from the breath-taking majesty of the temples of Angkor, through to the spectacular natural grandeur of Halong Bay, experiencing all manner of delights en route.
This tour provides a comprehensive visit to the most popular sights in Cambodia and Vietnam. Though this tour has plenty of sightseeing and experiences, it is ideal for customers looking for a comfortable relaxing trip through Cambodia and Vietnam’s main cities and scenic areas.
Fly overnight to Siem Reap. Depending on your time of arrival the rest of the day is yours to start soaking up the local culture.
The exuberant city of Saigon is driving Vietnam forward into the modern world, but is also a treasure trove of fascinating heritage.
Get to grips with the horrors of guerrilla warfare at the astonishing Cu Chi Tunnels, used by the Viet Cong during the war
Drive out into the countryside to the small farming community of Tra Que. Take a walking tour of Hoi An, to see the elaborate Japanese Bridge, a Chinese temple and the bustling market. Stop en route to visit Reaching Out, a social enterprise craft workshop, and watch the artisans at work.
If the dates we have available for this tour don’t suit your needs, or you are not sure travelling as part of a group is for you, maybe a Private Departure would be more ideal. Based on exactly the same itinerary as the group tour, Private Departures give you the freedom to choose your own departure date and simply enjoy your holiday with your family, your partner, or your friends. On most Private Departures your tour will be led by an English speaking driver and you will be met by local guides at each site.
If you like most of the itinerary suggested but you’d like to change the route and the accommodation, we can arrange to tailor make and build your perfect itinerary based around where you would like to go, what you would like to see and how much you’d like to spend.
Apartment rentals in Italy, apartment weekly rentals new condominum for rent apartment rentals, Italia apartment for week rent by owner Italian condominum apartment for wek rent beach family vacaction Italy apartments for holidays rentals properties owner
New apartment for monthly rentals in Puglia, Italian vacations apartments for week rentals, condo customer services in our new condominum apartments for rent in Salento Puglia, beach houses, summer villas, vip beach apartment Puglia for You.
NEW APARTMENT FOR RENT we offer our own new apartments for weekly rent in Salento Puglia, summer vacations condominum for your VIP holidays weeks in the most exclusive areas of Lecce Salento. Our own Properties for rent by week apartments in nice condominum and villas with full services and comfort.
This immaculate new apartment is one in Santa Maria al Bagno on the Salento coast, near historic Gallipoli and Lecce (known as "the Florence of the South") with its stunning Baroque architecture, situated on Puglia's Ionian coast. The 2-bedroom property with a fitted kitchen, a double bedroom and a twin bedroom is situated in a residential cul-de-sac within a secure gated complex. The apartment which sleeps 4/6 people benefits from air-conditioning, a private garden (pool facing) and a car parking space. It also has shared use of a communal swimming pool where you can relax and unwind. The apartment, just a short walk from the centre of the village with its charming beach, bars and restaurants, also has the benefit of being near to Santa Caterina marina and the pristine beaches of the Ionian coast (Santo Isidoro and Porto Cesareo). It is also on the edge of the popular regional nature reserve of Porto Selvaggio - perfect spot for a picnic!.... PLEASE, SEE BELOW DETAILS OF EACH OFFER
Italian Business Guide your Gateway to Manufacturing suppliers and vendors DIRECT from Italy Jewelry producers, leather products suppliers, Italian Furniture manufacturing, Machinery suppliers, Power transmission suppliers, Equipments, Beauty care, Wine suppliers, Extra virgin Olive oil, Shoes, Furniture, Real estate food containers, Realtors, health care Mobile phones, home furnishing...
Italian Business Guide is a list of certified B2B manufacturing, suppliers, vendors and professional companies from Italy convinced and ready to support DIRECTLY your Business at Manufacturing Pricing and customer service, Italian beauty care, chemical products, olive oil, clothing, apparel, machinery, industrial supplies, tiles, hotels, electronics, real estate..
The Italian Business Guide engineers work hard to support the Italian manufacturing and industrial suppliers in Italy and the USA and worldwide distribution companies creating a profitable relationship. Through the women apparel lingerie manufacturing, Italian electronics suppliers, women lingerie clothing suppliers, Italian fashion shirts manufacturing, industrial suppliers from Italy, real estate and vacations, Italian equipments suppliers web pages we reach this goal. Made in Italy, the apparel, electronics, lingerie, fashion, mobile phones clothings manufacturing, vendors and suppliers listed in Italian Business Guide offered on our site are the best apparel, fashion, lingerie, industrial, electronics, vacations, leather furniture manufacturing products as Italy manufacturing tradition. Made in Italy to the USA, England, Ireland, Norway, Austria, Russia, Canada, Japan, Korea, Kuwait, China, Japan, Australia, Dubai, China, Germany, Saudi Arabia, Russia, Denmark, Norway, Bahrain, Canada, New Zealand, Italy mobile phones, Austria, France, Holland, Spain, Scotland, Sweden,.. and worldwide business to business wholesale distribution market
Italian business guide Italian apparel manufacturing supplier Italian art crafts producer supplies Italian automotive industry manufacturing Italian chemical products manufacturing suppliers Italian mobile phones manufacturing real estate suppliers Italian electronics manufacturing real state suppliers Italian engineering consultant Italian equipments manufacturing supply Italy food beverage producers vendors Italian furniture manufacturing real estate suppliers Italy hotels vacations vendors Italian industrial supplies manufacturer Italian jewelry manufacturing real estate suppliers Italian leather products manufacturing italy suppliers Italian company new technology machinery manufacturing business Italian manufacturing producers suppliers Italian music entertainment italy vendors suppliers Italian power transmission manufacturing supplier Italian shoes manufacturing suppliers Italian tiles manufacturing italy suppliers Italian real estate vacations travel supply vendor Italian wine producer suppliers vendors Italian ballet business guide Italian apparel manufacturing supplier Italian art crafts producer italy supplies Italian automotive industry manufacturing Italian chemical product italy manufacturing supplier Italian beauty care cosmetic producers international B2B business to business extra virgin olive oil italy manufacturing ballet productions vendors Italian furniture suppliers Italian furniture manufacturing suppliers Italian real estate suppliers realtors health care suppliers
Web Designed and Developed by Worldwide Business Network Inc. USA and Powered by Binelli Engineering Italy
We’ve been incredibly busy the last month and a half. (Getting prepared for our road trip out to Sturgis, road-tripping to Sturgis, attending the 75th Sturgis Motorcycle Rally, road-tripping back to Florida, and then taking care of business since we’ve been home.)
We finally have a minute to breathe, and we want to start sharing little bits and pieces from our journey out to Sturgis with you. It was an epic one!
We left Jacksonville around 9am Saturday, July 25th. The guys were in front riding the Harley’s, and the girls were in the 4-Runner pulling the Knockrz trailer (which was loaded down with inventory.) We had a smooth ride to Atlanta, Ga, and then we got stuck in Rush hour Traffic. Will’s bike overheated, so we had to call it a day. We ate dinner at California Dreaming, stayed at a Hampton off 95 and woke up the next morning with the goal to make it through most of Tennessee.
Tennesse was a cool state to ride through. We took a few winding, hilly, back roads, and the weather was beautiful. We decided to take an adventure detour to a waterfall located between Chattanooga and Nashville, off highway 56.
It was a short hike, less than a mile, but it was full of rock walls and scenic views. It even included unique aspects like a steep, spiral staircase that you had to walk down in order to get closer to the falls. All in all, we think its a pretty easy hike. We don’t recommend it if you’re afraid of heights. There aren’t any guard rails and there are a lot of sheer drop offs along the path.
In the 1st picture you can see the rock cliff in the middle of the falls. That’s where we all cliff jumped from. We hiked up the tiny dirt trail that you can’t see in this photo (it’s to the left of the falls.) The trail takes you to a rock ledge that you can jump off of into the water. We heard from some locals that people sometimes jump from the top of the falls. Bills feet hit bottom when he jumped from the middle, so we weren’t going to risk any injuries. Plus, we were having a blast jumping from the middle. Why ruin a good thing? We each jumped off a few times, and then decided we needed to get back on the trail to Sturgis.
Greeter Falls was a hidden gem and a great way to spend an afternoon. We would all go back in a heartbeat. Watch the short video below Will created that highlights some of our favorite parts about this adventure!
Thanks for stopping by and check back soon! We will be sharing bits and piece from our Sturgis journey on here over the next few months!
Dan is a gentleman who holds an unhealthy obsession with InfoWars. Jordan is a good friend of his who knows next to nothing about InfoWars. On each episode of Knowledge Fight, Dan plays Jordan clips from one day of the Alex Jones Show, and the two try desperately to make sense of it.
Today, Dan and Jordan need to take a break from talking about Alex Jones, so they descend into the deep, murky waters of Project Camelot. In this installment, they break down an interview between Kerry Cassidy and a remote viewer named Courtney Brown about a war in heaven. Also, the gents learn about Courtney's incredibly troubling past.
Dan and Jordan are still stuck back in the past, discussing episodes of The Alex Jones Show from 2008, and Dan has reached a strange point of conflict. Despite him being wrong all the time, was Alex Jones so bad back in 2008? Would Alex Jones be way happier if he had never started selling weird pills and making tons of money? These questions and more are discussed on this episode.
Today, Dan explains to Jordan why the present is no longer worth exploring as it relates to Alex Jones. Thus, the gents dive deep back into the past to see what Alex was doing about a decade ago. Spoiler alert: he was lying and enjoying really good country jams.
Today, Dan and Jordan go live at the Playground Theater to discuss the March 1-2, 2012 episodes of The Alex Jones Show. The gents break down how Alex responded to the news that Andrew Breitbart had died. We all cope with loss in our own way, and Alex apparently copes by lying a whole lot and spreading conspiracy theories about the deceased.
Today, Dan tells Jordan all about an episode of The Alex Jones Show where Alex Jones keeps retelling a story about running into an "authoritarian" in a hot tub while on vacation. The story cannot be true, but it's fun to watch Alex give it more and more layers of lies as time goes on. Also, Alex lies a bunch about the UN to scare his listeners and pulls off one of the harshest ad pivots in history.
Today, Dan tells Jordan all about a very groundbreaking episode of The Alex Jones Show, where we get a sense of where Alex's martyr complex comes from, and whether Alex prefers "facts" or "lore."
This episode was broadcast the day after LaVoy Finnecum was killed at the Oregon Wildlife Preserve Standoff. That event has put Alex Jones into the kind of headspace where he accidentally says a number of things that he usually keeps inside, and luckily, Knowledge Fight is here to bring those things to light.
Dan had the best of intentions with trying to figure out what Alex Jones thought about the Slenderman so he could tell Jordan all about it. Unfortunately, it appears that Alex had no take on that, so Dan instead tells Jordan about the day where Alex goes real deep into board games and welcomes the most unlikely guest of all time onto the show.
We are not sure how it happened, but Dan scored an interview with Alex Jones and uses the time to ask some pointed questions and promote Knowledge Fight's upcoming live show: January 20th at 10:30 PM at the Playground Theater. Ticket info coming soon.
Today, Dan tells Jordan all about Alex Jones' intense insecurity and how that has affected the beginning of his 2018. Alex is concerned that the conspiracy world has left him behind, so he commits to a terrible narrative that is so absurd and stupid that Dan and Jordan can't stop laughing.
Today, Dan tells Jordan all about what happened on the Jan. 8, 2018 episode of The Alex Jones Show. The gents deal with some of the world's worst analysis of an Oprah speech, Alex pretending that his rant about Brian Stelter was "satire," and much more.
Today, Dan and Jordan discuss some issues that came up in the Jan. 5, 2018 episode of The Alex Jones Show. The internet is up in arms about how Alex spent about 10 min of this episode screaming about Brian Stelter and demons, but did commentators miss an important element of the story? Probably.
Today, Dan tells Jordan all about what happens on the first episode of The Alex Jones Show of 2018. Folks may have expected Alex to turn over a new leaf in the new year and maybe stop lying so much. Those folks would be wrong. However, Alex does start 2018 with a bunch of ridiculous impressions, so we will call that a win.
© 2017 The General Henry Knox Museum, dba Knox Museum, is a not-for-profit 501 (c) (3) organization operating Montpelier, in Thomaston, Maine
I was pretty convicted by this sentence. How often I repent because I have broken the rules, not because I have disapointed my Heavenly Father.
Thank the Lord. The weather was awful the first day, and cold the second day. There is a TON of work that goes into one of these shows...I'm glad it's only once a year. At the same time it is very motivating! It is simply amazing what some women (and men) can create with with a little fabric and thread!
Emma received a blue ribbon on her quilt, this was her first quilt. I was happy for her. I'll try to post that later. I received a second place ribbon on a throw I made, it was in the Novelty category.
Olivia and Emma basically ran our own vender's booth. They gave out free samples of hot cider and pumpkin bread, which were perfect for a cold, wet day!
We sold a few items that we made such as these Clove Scented Rice Packs. You pop them in the microwave for 3 minutes and then apply to your ache or warm up your cold feet! :o)
These are handy pincushions we made with a bag to put your scraps and threads in. We have one at the ironing board, one at our cutting board and one at the sewing machines. I love them!
Here is a doll I crocheted to put in our county fair, she won first place, but no one wanted to buy her :o(...Olivia is hoping I let her adopt her! :o)
This weekend (Friday and Saturday) is our guild's quilt show. We will be pretty busy the next few days with that, plus the girls and I will have a vendors booth there. Olivia has been busy making several little projects to sell. Emma too!
Quilting can be such a form of art. I was so inspired by the quilt below last year at our show! Josh, who is a boy, can't quite 'understand' our passion for quilting, but he really liked this quilt! I hope to make him one next year for Christmas. Our Guild will be having a class next year making it.
Being the mom of teenagers is so hard, so fun, so rewarding and so scary! I am watching my children find their convictions. Some of their 'world view' can be shocking at times, but I know God is faithful. Our oldest (18) seems to be really struggling right now and when worry and fear floods over me I have to remind myself that he (all of them) belong to the Lord. I know that their faith, their convictions won't be *theirs* until they are tested. And as they grow up I become less and God the Father becomes more. The hard part for me as the mom, is being still and knowing that God loves them more than I do. God *will* finish the good work He has begun in them and at the same time His work in me!
I read this on Spunky's Blog today. Oh, may God call our children to Himself, give them wisdom and a love for life. And may parents teach their children faithfully.
Our new site is up and running!!! It has taken me a month to get this done. Now to actually get our products (the DVD's) finished!
We are open to drop ship if anyone has a product that will go along with our theme of teaching practical skills. Just e-mail ME!
Sprinkle cored apples with lemon juice. Mix next 7 ingredients and over-stuff apples. Bake 20 minutes in a small oven safe dish. Transfer apples to small bowls with a spoon and top with ice cream and whipped cream.
After the birth of our 4th child (our first baby died at 1 day old), I agreed to have my tubes tied. I knew that my husband felt great pressure of providing for our family. He was working so hard to provide for us, working 2 jobs. We both knew that it was important for me to be at home with the children and teach them. Day cares and government schools were not an option. We thought we were being ‘responsible’ by not having more children.
A couple of years later, while at a home school conference, I heard Gregg Harris explain that God was the True Provider for the family, and if God created them, then He was capable of providing for them. My heart was so broken, as I began to see what I had done was wrong. I remember driving home from the conference by myself, crying the whole 45-minute drive. I felt so guilty, so cheated, so deceived. I was angry and sad at the same time. We bought the lie of comfort and prosperity. The lie of being able to ‘afford’ to give our children what they wanted. We believed the lie that children cost so much money. As I look back now, I see that our lifestyle really has not changed much, we are no ‘better off’ financially by our closing off the womb. To be honest, I think it makes families even more selfish and materialistic, as if the ‘things’ of life are what a child needs.
I came home with my grieved heart and told my husband what I was beginning to see. He too felt that way, though I do not think as deeply as I was feeling it, but what was done, was done. God forgives and we move forward. I had the hard lesson of submission to learn. I wanted more children so badly, but I had to learn to follow my husband.
A couple of years later he and our son, age twelve, were at a Father Son Retreat, hosted by Vision Forum, and it was there that God began to really speak to his heart about the blessing of children, and how God uses these children to build His kingdom. He began to see that God is the True Provider. One of our favorite quotes by Doug Phillips is, “Children are a blessing, and debt is a curse.” For the sake of having a life of comfort, a life of material gain, we cut off a Godly seed, our heritage. Why do we embrace debt and tell God to give us no more children? We have it all backwards. How sad that we were both so active in church ministries, trying to ‘reach the lost’, and in turn we rejected God’s plan for the family. We have no doubt that if husbands and wives would spend more time (a lifetime) building their families, not only on the Rock of Jesus Christ, but also in number, THEN we would see a revival in our churches, in our nation and in the world. You cannot have a strong church without strong families. It is whole, healthy, Godly families that are able to meet the needs of our hurting neighbors. This does not exclude single people, but we should first seek to be strong at home, and then reach out to others.
In 2002, about a year after God changed my husband’s heart, I had a tubal reversal. He and I went into this knowing that there were no promises. We knew that most women that have a reversal usually do not conceive. It was nine years in between my tubal ligation and the reversal. It has been four years since my reversal. I have had an hsg, which showed total blockage. Devastated does not even begin to explain how I was feeling when the doctor told me I would never get pregnant. It truly was like a death. Most people around us could not understand. They would comment about how we should be thankful for what we have and ‘get over it’.
Seven months later, I ended up in the ER with a possible eptopic pregnancy. The Lord graciously intervened in the situation and I miscarried and did not have to have a tube removed. About a year later during a yearly exam with my gyn, I asked him AGAIN if there was nothing else that could be done. He suggested doing a laparoscopic surgery that may be able to remove the scar tissue. Once again, I had hope. That surgery ended with heart breaking news. I had one tube that was not even connected and the other was in very bad shape, which could have been from complications with the healing process. My reversal doctor did offer to do another surgery at no cost but hospital fees. My GYN suggested a specialist, but this is not covered by our insurance and the price would be very high. My husband felt that I had been though enough, including four c-sections, and that it was God’s hands and that we would cheerfully accept whatever He brings us. My GYN did say that the odds of ever becoming pregnant again would be 1000 to 1, but he also acknowledged that God will do whatever He chooses.
It has been a VERY long road of grieving and healing, but our whole family has grown in our faith through all of this. I would love to have more children, but I have also learned to be content with what God has given me. I have many regrets, but this is where God’s grace comes in and realizing just how dependent I am on Him for everything! I also realized that for about two years I was obsessed with fertility and that I neglected my husband and children. I had to repent and ask God to forgive me of my idolatry. What a merciful God we serve.
I also feel an urgency to share with others that God’s ways are best! Proverbs 3:5, Trust in the LORD with all your heart and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge Him, and He will make your paths straight.) Do not close the womb. If you are choosing to have things rather than having babies, it is not worth it! The things of the world will be dust and ashes one day, but birthing and raising Godly children will impact the world, and then you will rejoice forever, together, before the Throne. The Christian life is not easy, it takes a lot of hard work and sacrifice, but is there anything more worthy? Don’t we all desire to stand before Jesus and hear, “Well done good and faithful Servant!”
I help run a support group for couples that desire to have a reversal. So often, I encounter couples that have become bitter with God and with their spouse because they have not conceived or been able to give birth. If they are not bitter, they become depressed. And to a certain extent I think that is normal, but there is a point where desire turns into obsession, idolatry. This is sin. Our focus has to be on joyfully serving our Father, no matter what our circumstances are.
Though God has chosen to give us no more children, I would do it all over again. I am learning that our journey in this life is seldom how we think it will be, but His plans for us are good! (Jer. 29:11)
Olivia, Emma and I are reading through Biblical Womanhood in the Home. The second chapter is about True Beauty. It is convicting and enlightening.
Yesterday, I came across THIS post on Girl Talk which goes right along with the chapter we just finished reading.
We all know that the Internet can be a very dangerous and evil place, but it also loaded with tons of good sites, information and encouragement.
Last week I came across THIS site. If you enjoy homemaking, then you'll keep coming back to this one!
In a bowl, combine the first four ingredients. Press onto the bottom and 1 in. up the sides of a 9-in. springform pan; set aside. In a mixing bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Add eggs; beat on low speed just until combined. Stir in coffee and vanilla; mix well. Beat in cocoa just until blended. Stir in chocolate chips. Pour into prepared crust. Place pan on a baking sheet. Bake at 375° for 30-35 minutes or until center is almost set.
Combine the sour cream, brown sugar and vanilla until smooth. Spread over warm cheesecake; sprinkle with nuts. Bake for 10 minutes or until lightly browned.
Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Carefully run a knife around the edge of pan to loosen; cool for 1 hour longer. Chill overnight. Remove sides of pan. Refrigerate leftovers. Yield: 15-20 servings.
Though we can use extra chores as a consequence, we should be careful not to regularly treat work as a punishment. There are times at our home when attitudes are 'stinky', and one of my favorite consequences is for the offender to go turn the 'stinky' compost pile, or some other task that usually gets overlooked, such as wiping baseboards down. This way they are suffering some punishment and being productive. But overall work should not be viewed as a punshment.
If a job is not done up to par, according to what a child is capable of doing, then the consequence is to do it over...maybe a couple of times. This teaches attentiveness to details. The job needs to be done efficiently and with a good attitude. Remember attitude is more important than the task. If they are 'willing' then they are more likely to do a good job. It is a difficult balance between giving grace and expecting their best.
Rather than piling on a ton of extra work for a punishment, sometimes it is better to just use the rod of correction. Then work can be more of a productive event than a punishment. Here again, this takes a lot of discernment and we need to seek God for wisdom.
Remember our goal as parents is not to just get the job done, but to train our children how to work and WANT to work. If the chores are done, but we have a houseful of bitter and lazy children at heart, then we have not trained them to work from God’s perspective. For us parents this is not a one time training session. It usually takes about 16-18 years! Here again, THIS is OUR JOB, to train our children up in the way they should go. Remember that WE have to keep OUR attitudes, and OUR purpose in check!
Children need to know they are accomplishing a goal, a purpose. No one wants to work and feel like nothing important was done in the end. Life is usually made up those little task that no one knows about, that seem meaningless, but without these little task being done, the larger task could not be accomplished.
As children grow, be sure they know how to do all of the chores in the home. Boys need to know how to maintain a home, just as girls need to know how to get the yard work done and put oil in the car. Those boys will grow up and may be out on their own before God gives them a wife and they will need to know how to do laundry and cook. They will also be able to be a blessing to their wife if she is not able to do her duties in times of sickness and such. Girls need to know how to do basic home repairs and car maintenance. A woman may have an emergency and have to handle a situation until help comes. There may be financial times when she could be a real blessing to her husband and her family to be able to do her own repairs.
Children need praise, they usually want to please their parents. They need to know they are accomplishing something. They need to know they are part of a bigger picture. It is not just about having a clean floor; it is about working as a team, working to please the Lord with our lives and possessions. Praise is important, but be careful not to over emphasize undue praise because then real praise will be meaningless. Always point to Christ. There will be times when you will overlook the reward of praise, children need to know that they can do a job to the best of their ability and know that God sees and knows every little thing, even if no one else does. Teach them to seek to please God, not so much man. As adults, they should be faithful, even without praise of others.
Do not give them a task that is too burdensome for them. Sometimes it is hard to tell how much is expecting too much or not expecting enough. Seek God’s wisdom for that. Different children have different abilities at different ages. Becareful not to compare them with other children.
As parents, we sometimes feel like we are just spinning our wheels, saying the same thing over and over, day in, day out, but we need to remember our purpose, our goal. Parenting is some of the hardest work a person could ever do. Be diligent! Pray for wisdom and grace!!! Most of all, remember how often God has to tell us the same thing repeatedly!
It won’t take long and you will discover that your child has special abilities in certain areas. Nurture that! As they mature, find ways that they can use their God given talents/skills to work and serve others.
When our son was young, he LOVED to go to the thrift store and buy remote controlled cars, bring them home, take them apart and rebuild them. He spent hours and hours doing this. His Christmas and birthday gifts were tools to help him ‘play’ at what his interest was. He loves electronics and electrical challenges. When he was 17 he started apprenticing to be an electrician, in hopes of one day to be a “skilled craftsman”, as it says in Scripture. He will use this to do his life’s work, a part of his calling. THIS is education. He is quickly learning that being an electrician is not just wiring. There are a lot of other tasks that an electrician must do, and it is not always fun, but it is something that must be done to accomplish what he WANTS to do.
Reward does not always mean cash, but the satisfaction of a job well done, knowing they have done their best. Work is a good thing, even when it is hard. Reward in the form of gold star stickers (for the very young), cash or other material gain is good. It is good to receive and enjoy the fruit of their labors, this can be anything from a couple of extra hours playing with dad to getting a few extra dollars at the end of the week. But at the same time, children should not be ‘paid’ for everything they do this is unrealistic. Adults, especially moms and dads do LOTS of jobs with no pay or recognition, but we know it is to glorify our Lord. We know there is a bigger picture that God is drawing with our lives, children need to learn that too. It is good to receive and enjoy the fruit of their labors, this can anything from a couple of extra hours playing with dad to getting a few extra dollars at the end of the week.
From the fruit of his lips a man is filled with good things as surely as the work of his hands rewards him.
Make it your ambition to lead a quiet life, to mind your own business and to work with your hands, just as we told you,
Good character is being able to understand the difference between right and wrong and then having the courage and ability to do the right thing. Being intelligent and well educated in academics is not the only tool to make a person successful. Intelligence without character is dangerous. History is full of very intelligent people that had poor character. They brought great destruction to themselves and nations. Two on the top of our modern day list would be Hitler and Margaret Sanger (the raciest/feminist/abortionist), among many others.
By the seventh day God had finished the work he had been doing; so on the seventh day he rested from all his work.Genesis 2;2
The LORD God took the man and put him in the Garden of Eden to work it and take care of it.Genesis 2:5
Jesus said to them, "My Father is always at his work to this very day, and I, too, am working."John 5:17
By the sweat of your brow you will eat your food until you return to the ground,since from it you were taken; for dust you are and to dust you will return."Genesis 3:13
Teaching children to work and work hard is one the most valuable things you can teach them. It builds strong character and appreciation if done with a spirit of purpose and reward, not of dread or something to run from. Teach them from a young age that work is a responsibility and that it pleases their Lord. If they are old enough to pull the toys out, they are old enough to put toys away, at the same time do not expect perfection. Approach work with smiles, re-enforcing the fact that responsibility is not something to avoid.
Do not overwhelm children with too much work, too soon. A begining, 90 pound weight lifter does not strart out with 200 pounds on each hand. You do not want to have too much work and too little play or pay. This will cause children to become bitter, not only about working, but about you. That does not mean all jobs are fun or rewarding, but at a young age we need to work on attitude, just as much as performance.
Work is usually hard and trying. This is because of the fall of man, sin. Children need to understand this. There is no free ride, no easy ride.
Genesis 3:19 By the sweat of your brow you will eat your food until you return to the ground,since from it you were taken; for dust you are and to dust you will return."
The Proverbs 31 Woman is constantly working with her hands to care for home and family. It is her work that praises her, because she has done her work well.
Give her the reward she has earned, and let her works bring her praise at the city gate.Proverbs 31:31
Once children understand that work is just part of life and that it is a command from God, then they can start to understand the purpose. They can start to understand that God did not put us here just to eat, drink and be merry! He created us for a reason, to glorify him in everything we do. We work because God tells us to. We glorify Him by obeying with a willing spirit. Just as Jesus was willing to come to earth and do the hard work of redeeming our souls from hell. It is a testimony to others when we enjoy our work, when we persevere even when it is not pleasant.
In our life long lesson of dying to self and living for Christ, work can teach us diligence, humility, obedience, gratefulness, patience, attentiveness, orderliness, responsibility, initiative, creativity, thriftiness, availability, and self control.
For even when we were with you, we gave you this rule: "If a man will not work, he shall not eat."2 Thessalonians 3:10
He who works his land will have abundant food, but he who chases fantasies lacks judgment.Proverbs 12:11
Children need to know that laziness will not be tolerated. This includes complaining and procrastination. This also means a job half way done is NOT done. Remember the age and ability of your child. Do not expect perfection, but do expect an honest attempt.
It will take years to reach our training goals with our children. Parents do not need to become frustrated and lazy in their training. It takes A LOT of patience and diligence to teach children to work. Remember just how longsuffering God is with us!
The Sparrow's Nest will be coming out with an e-book, Creative Children's Rooms on a Budget. I thought I'd share what I did in Olivia and Emma's room. Olivia and Emma have very different personalities, which makes it a challenge to decorate when they share a room. Olivia is a very feminine, Victorian, froo-froo type. Emma loves horses, cats, outdoor type of things. This has worked well for us. Emma's side of the room has her horse figures and such. Olivia has spent more time 'accessorizing' her room.
This is Olivia's side, she loves hats, all from yard sales or the thrift store. They are hanging on a plate rack. I bought them matching quilts on clearance at Khols. She dried and arranged her own dried flower arrangement. I made a ribbon canopy and paper clipped silk flowers to frame her bed. I used a staple gun to attach the ribbon to the ceiling.
Using the computer I designed them each a copy of their first and second name with the meanings. This was printed on pretty pink, 'texture-looking' paper. I used some pressed flowers to embellish them, and then framed them with frames from yard sales.
These are 4 names that I have been working on for months (crochet). I did them as a trade for Mary Kay! :o) I am part of an online trading group, but this is the only trade I've done this year.
Right now I am working on the biggest challenge I've ever had. A neighbor has an old quilt that her kids (2 of them) grew up with that is a favorite. Now the 'all grown up children' are 'debating' who is going to get the quilt. So their parents have asked me to recreate TWO of them. These will be their big Christmas gift this year. So I have spent the past month looking EVERYWHERE for fabric for a close match. It is also an unusual pattern, so this is a real challenge!
Still on the topic of the shootings, I know the core issue is sin, we are all capable of doing it all, if it were not for God's grace and mercy. I don't believe we are born as a clean slate and a product of our environment. We are all born sinners, in need of a Savor, in need of a life of obedience and forgiveness.
Several years ago Jeff and I did a book called The Young Peace Maker with our Keepers of the Faith group. Other than our study on Proverbs 31, this was my FAVORITE study. It is designed to teach children how to stay off the 'Slippery Slope', and resolve conflict. If you think about it, our whole life is about solving conflict. Is there ever a day when a conflict does not arise in your home (or even more so within yourself..ha!)? As Paul says, 'I do what I don't want to do, and I don't do what I want to.'
I have extended family members that REFUSE to deal with conflict in a Biblical way, even though they say they are Christians, and even attend church. They'd rather harbor bitterness, which only grows like wildfire over time, than to deal with issues and get down to the truth, walk in love and forgiveness. They would rather be bitter than give or receive grace.
We have had some rumbles in our home lately due to not responding to conflict correctly, so Jeff and I thought this was a perfect time to bring out that book and do it again with the girls. May we ALL learn to be peace makers, love covers a multitude of sins.
And to whomsoever much is given, of him shall much be required: and to whom they commit much, of him will they ask the more.
I have not been as disturbed by a story as the Amish shootings in a long time. Not that their lives are more precious than anyone else, but there is just something about this situation that is particularly disturbing.
Last week when the shooting in Colorado (I think it was that one) happened, the report was that the killer made the teacher and all the BOYS leave. Leaving the most delicate souls in the room. I was impressed that at least ONE BOY said he was not leaving, but the killer put a gun to his head and threatened him, then he did leave. You have to give him credit for at least trying to stay behind for the girls. I respect him for that.
Then this week when the killer did the same thing, made the ones that were suppose to protect leave. How disturbing. Picking the weakest to attack. Can there anything more coward-like? None of us know how we would react until we were in that type of a situation, I hope I would risk being killed before I'd leave helpless ones behind. I would hope my son would do the same. I KNOW my husband would.
In a 'survival-of-the-fittest' type culture (thank you evolutionist!), we have lost sight of 'women and children first', protecting the weak, having a greater love for others, laying down our lives to protect and save the weaker, as Christ did. May we be diligent to teach our sons to be providers and protectors, through God's grace.
have an excellent series about Modern Day Chivalry. Be sure to read all of the parts of this listed on their sidebar. WARNING! You will spend hours reading their site, so grab a cup of coffee!
I had a very nice birthday weekend, which I do try to stretch out to birthday week, but after 41 years my family is a bit weary of such long events, so it was just a weekend this year. bummer
Joshua was able to come home for the weekend. He had some side work to do Saturday, so he did not get to go to Little River Canyon with us. Jeff, Olivia, Emma and I started our day at Trade Day in Collinsville, this is a big outdoor flea market.
This was a special treat, a funnel cake...oooo I love them! So Jeff bought me one at Trade Day. There was absolutely NOTHING nutritious in this, but hey...birthday weekend only comes once a year! It's about an hour drive and the weather was just cool enough to make a beautiful day!
GOSH! I can't believe I have lived here for over 20 years and have never gone there. We will have to go back in a few weeks when the leaves are at their peek.
We ended the lovely day with a bonfire, chili and smores at our house with my mom and the Richards Family and Joshua's friend, Josh. (Dad and Joshua pictured)
Barcelona's PHIL ROMANO brings the beats to the famed Highline Ballroom. Dance with the hottest international crowd and dancers direct from Spain. Expect unparalleled sound and lighting at NYC's most exclusive, state-of-the-art venues.
From I-40, take NC-68 south. Cross Main Street (US-311) and Lexington Avenue. At next stoplight, turn left onto Country Club Drive. Club will be on right.
Hijama House | cupping therapy | Hijama training Center in Mumbai | Hijama in Mumbai | Hijama in India | Cupping therapy in Mumbai | Cupping therapy in India | wet cupping in mumbai | cupping therapy benefits | female hijama therapist
The inception of Hijama House took place in the year 2010.Hijama House is the first centre to carry out ‘’HIJAMA’’ or Cupping therapy in the country.It was started in order to treat patients with the cure allah created for mankind.They say that the prophetic way of healing is by far one of the best treatments and no other branch of medicine can match up to it ever.Hijama has been regarded as Sunnah by Prophet Muhammad SAW and the Hadith presents a clear proof of the same.Hijama is a word which has been derived from the Arabic word Hajm which means ‘’Sucking’’.During cupping a therapist applies cups on the skin for few minutes in order to create suction.It is done in order to cure inflammation ,improve the blood flow and also for relaxation and ones well being.
Though cupping is prominently of 2 types dry and wet , wet cupping is being practiced on a large scale these days.Wet cupping is a process in which silicone cups are applied on few points of the body for about 3 minutes so that mild suction is created.The therapist then makes small light and tiny cuts with the help of a scalpel and later the cup is applied again in order to draw out little blood.However only 3-5 cups are applied in one go. Read More
Highly Experienced Therapist . High standards of hygiene maintained . One time use sterile equipment used.
Hanuman is one of the most popular deities worshipped by the Hindus. Hinduism believes in the immortality of a soul. However, every avatar of God, Lord Shree Rama or Lord Shree Krishna had to renounce the world and take leave of this mortal land. However, Hanuman is bestowed with the blessing of ‘Mrityunjay’ from Lord Shiva, […]
Documents from 57-61 years ago refer to "Whitehall frustration with unionists sacrificing economic interests over political apprehensions."
Would love to know what he thinks of the smoothness of AI infrastructure Surely a brief experience of how much sense it all makes.
I just don’t know what to think about it all - Dassey sure doean’t seem in any way guilty. And Avery is so dense that I can’t believe he had the sense or ability to carry out the crime but moreso continue with his story for so long. He believed that ex-fiancée would actually marry him??
The French supermarkets know their stuff and can give you an idea about prices plus variety. It is a long way from the 1980s ad for Le Piat d'or when Irish punters were told that the French love le piat d'or, which was plonk.
We had our wedding reception in a restaurant in Chamonix and had their basic CdR red (and white) and I've been hearing about how nice it was from people ever since, although it was also free-flowing which may have influenced their comments!
Just didn't know (even though I don't care) if I was drinking something the French wouldn't put in the toilet.
trailer - that's my "nice" wine - Asda even do their own branded variety which is decent for about £12.
I think it is good to try various grapes and see what works. Experimenting with wine from different countries is worth it.
I am a big Cotes du Rhône fan but prob only because of holidays in the east of France. I have no idea of how it is considered (in general) by wine buffs. Any wisdom?
I brought back an expensive bottle of Pinot Noir from the Buena Vista vineyard in Sonoma, California - really liked it when doing a wine-tasting session there 3 or 4 weeks ago. Determined to savour it but no doubt it'll go the same way as others - open it for a special occasion when we have people round, and get about half a glass of it myself.
Any recommendations for a newcomer? I think i would like to stick to the red stuff, unless of course persuaded otherwise.
Aristo60 has a uni friend who works for the utility regulator...or maybe you've already tried that route?
I've dealt with this a few times over the years. Roads aren't adopted for one of two reasons: 1 - they are not up to transport ni standards e.g. poor visible splays, narrow footpaths or just poorly built. 2. the developer owes money to transport NI (road service) in the form of a bond for this site or another.
If its the first point, i would be wary of the liability you as a home owner would be taking on, such as the responsibility for sewers to the road boundary rather than your site boundary as well as any other utilities within the development.
You can PM me with development details and i can check with contacts within transport ni to find out why its not being adopted if you like.
Thank you - likely to be Number 2 - the front man is a former bankrupt, though he is not the site owner. It scares us that even public liability would rest with us. Only 6 houses in the development. I might take you up on the offer - trying a couple of other ways of finding out the craic. We won’t buy if there’s any risk. We’re the first to buy in the dev. Gutted this eve.
Buying a new build (in the north) and contract just landed from vendor - they aren't adopting the roads so will be private roads.
Anyone have any experience of how people deal with that? Really really putting us off if we can't get a resolution. Does it suggest the builder/developer not constructing roads up to right standard?
Salzburg was lovely. We did it and Munich in the same trip last December. Direct train between the two. If you’re in the north, Ryanair starting flights to Salzburg soon and days of flights are good for weekend breaks.
The worst bit of it all was that Osaka was brilliant and we cruising to the win. Serena completely ruined it on her.
I agree 100% with this, the poor girl had no clue how to react and should have been elated at her performance. Serena was a disgrace.
Someone told me today you couldn’t get a beer at a college football game, but I disagreed as I’ve been to two now and def had a beer or wine or sonething at half time at both.
Contents © 2018 Laclede Baptist Association | Church Website Provided by mychurchwebsite.net | Privacy Policy
Commercial and Domestic EPC Drewsteignton - Commercial and Domestic Energy Performance Certificates. Contact us now on 01323 841488 if you are selling or renting a property in your area and we will provide you with a qualified assessor who will do the assessment for you.
We work on behalf of householders, Estate Agents, Solicitors and Councils in Drewsteignton & throughout the United Kingdom ensuring that EPCs are provided in a timely manner with a quick turnaround.
We work for Commercial landlords, management agents and solicitors in Drewsteignton to carry out Non Domestic EPCs producing Energy Performance Certificates for commercial and industrial premises.
IT Graduate Opportunity – Software Development – IT Support** Brand new fantastic opportunity with a global chemical company who is looking for an ambitious IT graduate who has some experi
Graduate Forecast Analyst Job, Belfast, Salary £20,000 – £22,000 Are you a graduate looking for an exciting worthwhile career opportunity? Have you considered getting into Supply Cha
Brand new fantastic opportunity with a global chemical company who is looking for an ambitious IT graduate who has some experience in software programming. My client is going through a huge new develo
IT GRADUATE POSITION – FULL TRAINING – WIESBADEN** Have you always dreamt of becoming one of the pillars of a company, being sure that your expertise and passion would help it grow and suc
Have you always dreamt of becoming one of the pillars of a company, being sure that your expertise and passion would help it grow and succeed from its very first moments? You do not have to keep on dr
Brand new fantastic opportunity with a global chemical company who is looking for an ambitious IT support person to join the growing team – this position is based in the Frankfurt/ Wiesbaden are
Graduate Program We are currently recruiting for our client, a market leader in the telecommunications and high tech industry, for top graduates for their full time Graduate Program based in Dusseldor
IT User Support & Software Programming-Graduate, Full Training Brand new fantastic opportunity with a global chemical company who is looking for an ambitious IT support person to join the growing
SSE Telecoms Graduate Programme Base Locations: Reading, Havant Salary: Circa £28,900 plus benefits and Excellent Career Progression Opportunities SSE is excited to launch a new graduate program
Graduate Telecoms Sales Engineer required for a business that manufacture lasers and optic products used in the telecoms industry. Your role will be to provide technical support at all stages of contr
Job Title: Trainee Account Manager / Graduate Opportunity Reports to: Sales Manager This position is responsible for generating revenue/profit by engaging in a consultative selling approach with inte
6 MONTH CONTRACT Account Manager / Graduate Opportunity £24k basic + commission £34k OTE pro rata Reports to: Sales Manager This position is responsible for generating revenue/profi
GRADUATE OPPORTUNITY If you are graduate who has experience in customer service, administration or sales, we would love to hear from you. Key responsibilities: Delivering excellent customer service o
Graduate Technical Support Engineer £22,000 OTE: £29,000 + Training + Progression + Pension + Commission + Health Insurance Commutable from Huntingdon, Peterborough, Cambridge, St Neots, K
Under ordinary circumstances, I would post this myself, but as the voice speaking here is so very clearly Geoff’s, I thought it only fair to share it this way. Enjoy people – and if you haven’t done anything about booking tickets for the Bloggers Bash, here’s one of your few remaining chances (it’s less than three weeks away now!).
Are you coming to this year’s Bash? It’s on the 19th May and there are no competing attractions, however keen you are on Royal Weddings and FA Cup finals. I’m mean, seriously? Competition? Pah!
The Bash is held this year at The George IV pub in Chiswick. Here’s a link to said welcoming hostelry. We will take over the Boston Room for our glorious meet up.
Before I get into more details on travel and admin on the day there’s one big thing I’d like help with. As there will be a fair few of us coming and we are in a pub that serves food, the options for…
I’m delighted today to feature Graeme Cumming, who I had the pleasure of chatting to at the Theakston Crime Festival this summer. His book Ravens Gathering has been sat on my Kindle patiently waiting for far too long – I will remedy that Graeme.
Graeme Cumming lives in Robin Hood country, and has spent most of his life immersed in fiction – books, TV, movies – turning to writing his own during his early teens.
With his interests in story-telling sparked by an excessive amount of time sitting in front of a black and white television, his tastes are varied. Influences ranged from the Irwin Allen shows (Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea, Lost in Space, etc.) to ITC series (The Saint, The Champions, Randall and Hopkirk (deceased) and so many more), so the common theme was action and adventure, but crossed into…
But not today. Today is too important for that. Today is when I tell you all about our venue for the Bloggers Bash 2018.
Once again we have decided to bring all you cuddly little Bashites to London, not because we are especially London-centric, even if I am, but because it is probably easiest for everyone to get here.
Last year we based ourselves very centrally, in Victoria and that was splendid in terms of location. But the Venue itself… not so much. It was expensive (we made a loss and the cost of the food and drink was, well, pretty eye-watering)…
It’s always nice to get feedback when someone’s read your book. What Gary did here was take a lot more time and added a whole lot extra. Not only that, there are some very positive comments here, which is largely an indication of how good Gary’s post is – but obviously reflects how good Ravens Gathering is as well!
As the ravens gather and darkness descends, the time is drawing near for history to repeat itself… Ravens Gathering is a gripping thriller, interwoven with horror and fantasy, that demonstrates how you should never take things at face value.
If you didn’t get the memo (and I didn’t send one, so if you got one you’d better let me know), I’m now on the Bloggers Bash Committee. Admittedly, it was a moment of madness at the end of this year’s Bash when I approached Sacha to volunteer. Clearly, I was caught up in the euphoria of having attended my third Bash – all three of which have had a positive effect on my life to one degree or another. Anyway, in this esteemed role, I do get advance information of certain happenings, and it seems only fair that I share it with all fellow bloggers. It’s short notice in this case, but I strongly recommend reading this post from Suzie about an event occurring tonight.
I haven’t read Shelley’s new book yet, but the feedback I’m seeing suggests it’s her best yet. Having read Guardian of the Dead, I can only assume Oath Breaker is brilliant!
I was reading about Susie Lindau’s experience with yesterday’s eclipse (https://susielindau.com/2017/08/21/viewing-the-eclipse-by-looking-down/), and it reminded me of this blog post I shared a couple of years ago. There are some strange things in this world…
Don’t know if you heard, but we had a solar eclipse here in the UK recently. Perhaps understandably, the focus for most people is on the spectacle it creates as the Moon edges across the face of the Sun. But there’s more to it than that.
The 1999 eclipse occurred during the school summer holidays, and the best view was expected in Cornwall. So, as a young family, we decided to go and experience this for ourselves.
There’s actually a very rambling story behind the road trip we took over a few days to get there, but I won’t inflict it on you here. It’s sufficient to say that we set off very early in the morning from a point much closer to Cornwall than home.
We didn’t have a set destination in mind. The plan was simply to get into the right county and find somewhere to watch it. Unfortunately, by the time we were half way through Devon, the traffic was…
Archives Select Month May 2018 December 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 September 2014 July 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 January 2014 December 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 January 2013 December 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 May 2012
Books ripe for the picking.....join us in discussions about our latest & favorite books. Got a book you want reviewing then drop us an email at orchardbookclub@yahoo.co.uk
Continuing my theme of sharing blog posts so I don’t have to write them myself, here’s yet another perspective on Saturday’s Bloggers Bash (do you get the sense this could run and run?).
It was great to meet Sue at last. She mentions hugs in this post and it seemed only natural to make that the first thing to do when we said hello. We’d never met in person, but there was a sense that we’d known each other for ages. Looking forward to getting to know her and the others much better in the future.
A strange creature with a pink beard was perched on Newton’s plinth; the distinctive purple plumage on its breast marked it as the rare Geoffle, first identified by Ali Isaac. I think it recognised the dangerous glint of the raised camera… in any case, it descended from its perch with alarming agility, pouncing …wrapping its arms around me with a vice-like grip, before thrusting me towards another of its flock, named Hugh, who did likewise, whilst pointing a small device at each of the people they had herded into line.
This device evidently was some kind of instrument of torture, as each in turn gave their name and status… having, perhaps, been lulled into compliance by the judicious application of lemon drizzle cake.
There was no time to think… the shiny device was pointed in my direction and I found words tumbling from my lips unbidden….
Well, maybe one or two moments of hesitation, but pretty natural considering I’d only met one person in “real life” before. And he had a cold, so I kept my distance
Subtitle Develop professional enterprise Java EE applications quickly and easily with this popular IDE
6	Madrivo Sections Business Model May 1, 2018 Go to Website	24/7 service, great staff and an international focus, Above-All-Offers is the best network we know in Oregon. Building an audience with ease Consultants Features Web Marketing Glossary That’s what happened to us. We were sitting pretty thinking our ads were performing well (they were), and then all of a sudden CPAs skyrocketed. When we dug into the data, we discovered that our ad frequency number had climbed too high. Publishers You can also use Thrive Architect, Divi Builder or any other page builder to create landing pages. However, I like to keep it simple and easy. Share This book was easy read. It gave a good way to make money. I think once implemented, it will bring in a good profit. Good Luck and God Bless. Malich 3:10 About Search What We Do PPV marketing newbies, intermediates and experts Deutsch (German) In either case, at any time, you can log in and view your campaign results in real time. Viral Cash App Review – Legit Traffic … A markup of 100% means you are doubling the wholesale price. So all he did was divide by two. ($12.50 plus 100% = $25) Cost-Per-Acquisition (CPA) Affiliate Programs What does that mean for Ampush customers? Experience and expertise allows us to anticipate how to plan for when CPAs might initially be higher than estimated because we know that the numbers will come down over time. The Ultimate AdSense CPC Guide: Real Concepts Revealed Notify me of new posts by email. Tweet197 This method is one of the best systems available for a few reasons: To be honest, with all this knowledge shared, you may still end up not making any money from CPA. CPA = 12,5 € Affiliate Marketing Tips For Beginners How much are u making with that method? and where do u buy the traffic? Books With Free I hope you got the answers. Keywords Research Enterprise FREE WEBINAR: Infolinks 14 days ago - Save Job - More... Marketplace There are people who are making millions with CPA marketing. In terms of single conversion, it could be as low as $0.10 to $10. In some cases when the user has to enter credit card details for the trial of the product, you can get paid up to $50. Worldwide social My pleasure, Andrii. Glad to hear that it met your expectations. Step 3: Interpreting the Results Home Page:http://cheapsignals.com/ Or should I say, here is a CPA offer from iftiSEO.com http://youtube.com/watch?v=3wMBY45WJtY
Organic Traffic Rulz/a> Click Here Click Learn More http://hq08.club Muhammad Fahad ul Hassan says Groups There are two types of ad blockers: the first create black lists and only eliminate the unwanted portion of ads. The second type, works according to the “all or none” principle; these block all unknown advertising objects. And the boundary between “all” and “none” is pretty thin. Campaign Optimization: 2017 Guide To A Profitable ROI Take Quiz I believe nurturing across multiple mediums plays a huge role the purchasing decision. So with this, I don’t believe looking at the “last touch” as a great way to value marketing channel effectiveness. What is the best way to aggregate the entire buyer journey while weighing all touch points? As an example, it would be great to know if 20% of my PPC sales, were first seen browsing my blog, and then were served a retargeting ad… Effective CPA advertising is an important part of understanding cost per acquisition rates. When an advertising campaign is effective, it means that the cost per acquisition is at a low rate. There are more visitors that are converting into clients than normal, and it makes the paid inclusion advertising an excellent choice because it involves paying less for paid inclusion than the company has budgeted for. Direct response advertisers like cost per acquisition as a source of paid inclusion the most because it is naturally very effective and economical. Because cost per acquisition measures the number of conversions from visitor to client, even if efficient, effective CPA advertising is subject to search engine optimization practices. Self-Publish with Us 74shares Many entrepreneurs have a strong suspicion that there is an opportunity in a... Ecommerce Marketing and Strategy What is Noble 8 Revolution? An MLM Giving To Charities! I believe nurturing across multiple mediums plays a huge role the purchasing decision. So with this, I don’t believe looking at the “last touch” as a great way to value marketing channel effectiveness. What is the best way to aggregate the entire buyer journey while weighing all touch points? As an example, it would be great to know if 20% of my PPC sales, were first seen browsing my blog, and then were served a retargeting ad… What does a good CPA offer look like By being open to new keywords, marketers both expand the reach of their campaigns and improve the performance. Note that poorly performing keywords can be removed from a search retargeting campaign at any time, either manually or automatically. Google Shopping Showcase in millions of searches The Rakuten and Forrester report came away with three takeaways about the state of affiliate marketing: SSP - Supply-Side Platform This article possibly contains original research. (August 2011) Publisher: The person that promotes the offer (you). 5.5 Payments & Refunds In Geos, mention only a few locations rather than putting a huge list. Advertising/Marketing in Dhaka, Bangladesh IP Filter We’ve broken down the differences between Cost-per-action (CPA) and Cost-per-click (CPC). Most importantly the advantages and disadvantages of these digital advertising cost methods. Pin to Pinterest I recommend social media traffic only when there is some extraordinary offer to promote. You should watch it because it could be an outlier or a one-time event. Use this time to look back on previous timeframes or to see if it is a general trend. Temporary (28) For a better experience on Facebook, update your browser. Hello Amine, Affiliate Marketing For Beginners – How To Get Started Your cost per action, or CPA, is the amount you pay for each of these actions. Ad Network Bachelors degree in Internet Science im from india, nice article. Just now signuped for CPALead from your sites link, my id is 640483. So i want all your help for promoting offers mainly free traffic methods. Please send me detailed instructions to my email especially if there is any disallowed promoting methods. Thanks in advance Make Money as an Affiliate Marketer How do I make money with Facebook and using CPA? For example if you start planning your marketing strategies for the next holiday season today, you are most likely to capitalize each day in the holiday shopping period. Test A landing page could be used to drive all traffic to the same generic page, regardless of the type of ad you’re running. Test B, on the other hand, could be used with a more specific, targeted approach. hideThis article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages) Get Paid To|Make Money Captioning Get Paid To|Make Money Coding Online Get Paid To|Make Money Crafting Osrs
Find the best content from habbo.nl right here. Direct fast access to habbo.nl. Our network of dedicated servers connects via a fast connection to any website. We do not host any files on our server. Visit habbo.nl. This website contains information about habbo.nl and www.habbo.nl. The data come from various sources. habbo.nl is not affiliated with us in any way. We offer statistics, hosting information, server information, google pagerank information. Google pagerank of this site can be found below.
President Okarvits today confirmed that his administration has been working for some weeks on a new military strategy with Utania's top military minds, and that this strategy will revolutionise the way the country defends itself.
While details are not due yet, all sources indicate that the shake-up includes a Û10 billion capital spending spree to re-arm and re-equip the Navy and air force. Talks with major arms suppliers Vexillium-wide have prompted the belief that Utania will make "significant purchases" in the coming weeks, according to one anonymous military salesman.
The changes also include a "re-focusing" of the armed forces toward defence of Utania's land and sea assets. "We will be turning our Navy to patrolling to region, rather than looking further afield, and our army will focus on the land border with South Bay." South Bay's recent troubles have spurred part of the action, but the President didn't want to seem alarmist.
"We do not believe South Bay, or any other nations in the SEOC region are going to be cause for concern for Utanians", the President told the crowd of journalists at the Press briefing, "But should the situation in South Bay deteriorate, we will need a defensive capability to stand by and be ready."
South Bay's government has been silent for over 12 months in terms of international communications, and speculation runs rampant that the leadership has suffered several assassinations and that a series of warlords now controls the country.
Utania has a standing force of 296,400 personnel (including 233,000 in the army), 149 aircraft (including 38 combat aircraft), 109 ships (including 41 combat ships). All further parties interested in Arms Sales to Utania should contact the Ministry of Defence via the defence.contracts@defence.gov.ut email address.
Ran into a weird problem with the Amazon Kindle in our household. They don’t let you purchase a new book when you have an expired credit card in your one-click setup, even if you have a gift card balance on the account. We couldn’t figure it out on the Kindle, so I had to login to Amazon, delete the expired credit card, and then the purchase went through with no problem via the gift card. It’s funny because with so many of these devices today, when you actually have to break out the computer and go to a website, it feels jarring and old-fashioned.
In addition to the usual helpful things like sending texts and setting up appointments, Siri also responds to a bunch of silly questions as well. Try these and see what you get:
I’ve been playing with Siri on the new iphone 4s for about 12 hours now and I can honestly say I’m quite impressed with the features. The small help section within Siri gets you going quickly with example commands. When Siri doesn’t understand a command, she prompts you to do a web search for that phrase. Of course saying things like “google barack obama” or “search for barack obama” also command her to do a google search for those terms.
A lot of the examples show how you can text, email, or call using Siri by just referring to a person’s first name.
If you have multiple Vinnies in your contacts, Siri will show you a list and prompt you to choose one. This makes perfect sense. However, the voice commands don’t appear to work very well for choosing which Vinny. Siri doesn’t seem to understand names very well ( which from a programmers point of view makes perfect sense ). I was hoping that it would work like most phone systems work however, where I could say “one” and Siri would select the first Vinny in the list or “two” for selecting the second Vinny and so on. It doesn’t work like that. So you either have to click the “Vinny” that you want or try to say their whole name in the original request like: “Email Vinny Boombotz.” And you have to really pronounce names phonetically ( not necessarily how they’re pronounced ) to get the right name to show up.
If Vinny Boombotz has multiple email addresses, Siri will show you a list of Vinny’s email addresses and prompt you to choose one.
I’ve found that text commands work better than email commands and that’s usually because most of my contacts only have one mobile phone number and therefore one texting address. Saying “Text Vinny Boombotz” will have Siri prompt you for the body of the message. Saying “Text Vinny Boombotz I’ll be right over” will have Siri put “I’ll be right over” in the body of the message. Pretty handy.
Creating meetings and reminders works very well. When you say “Remind me to call Vinny Boombotz at 8:30pm” Siri will set up a reminder for 8:30pm with Vinny’s number attached. So the reminder winds up with a “call” button on it for easy dialing.
Commands like “Find me an italian restaurant” have Siri locate italian restaurants local to you. Clicking on one shows a map and then clicking on the map label will show you the phone number and address of the restaurant.
The Wolfram Alpha piece of Siri is kind of like the ultimate bar bet tool. You can ask questions like:
And the Wolfram Alpha piece kicks in and gives you a handful of information on your topic. Again, if its not in Wolfram Alpha, then it falls back to a web search. But I found this much quicker then typing in a search. I’m probably going to use this piece of it quite a lot.
There’s big things missing from Siri right now that I hope get improved. There’s really no concept of “latest news” or “latest baseball scores.” Siri will prompt you to do web search for these terms. Ideally, they should open up the API to/from Siri so that if you ask for “latest baseball scores” it can query ESPN or another sports outlet for that request. It would be really killer if when you created iphone apps that you could register some Siri answers in your app so certain questions would go to your app instead of just a default web search from Siri.
So in the baseball case, the ESPN app could register answers with Siri to questions like “Latest baseball scores” or “Next Texas Rangers game.” So if Siri couldn’t find the answers to those questions, it could question the ESPN app on your phone for those questions, before doing a default web search.
In conclusion, I think Siri is a nice addition to the iphone. It’s not quite a killer app but its definitely useful and something I’ll probably be using a few times a week.
Special Jury Prize: Bernard et Danielle QUINTIN, for their lives' work, Dictionnaire des colonels de Napoléon, Paris, Editions SPM
Second Empire Prize: Nicolas STOSKOPF (ed.), Banquiers et Financiers parisiens, Paris, Éditions Picard
Short Description: Welcome to the Caribbean Travel Channel. We specialize in all kinds of travel to the Caribbean, including weddings, all inclusive packages, villas, and lodging. If you are interrested in our specials, contact us through our inquiry page, and we will get back to you shortly.
Tags: Caribbean destinations, Caribbean family holidays, Caribbean tourism, Caribbean tourist attractions, Caribbean trips, things to do in Caribbean, tours in Caribbean, travel to Caribbean, vacations in Caribbean, visit Caribbean
Bespoke Weddings Abroad In Italy in Castles, Villas, Wedding Halls. Civil, Religious, Symbolic Wedding Ceremonies In Italy.
Castello Chiola in Loreto Aprutino is just minutes away from Pescara airport and stands on the hilltop of the medieval hamlet of the town. The Castle dates back as far as around 864 and is now a luxuriously refurbished Castle Hotel preserving its charm and mystery. Located just minutes from downtown Pescara and from Pescara airport, there is no doubt that this majestic Castle is one of the most beautiful and imposing Castles and luxury hotels in all the Abruzzi region and just a perfect wedding venue in Italy for an unforgetable Wedding.
The Castle enjoys magnificent views of the sand-coloured historical town of Loreto Aprutino and surrounding mountains, which can be enjoyed at their best from the panoramic pool terrace of the Castle. All the Castle’s rooms are spacious with high ceilings, offering enchanting panoramic views and are all furnished with precious works of art and equipped with modern amenities providing a romantic and luxurious atmosphere just perfect for your Wedding in Italy.
Castle Chiola is one of the most charming wedding venues in all the Abruzzi region offering accommodation arrangements with 36 spacious rooms, just perfect for a Destination Wedding in Italy!
Wedding planner and other tips about weddings in Italy: what to wear, who to invite, Italian traditions, etc...
Get married in Italy, with the most traditional wedding ceremony, at the Wedding Hall of your choice!
For couples who do not want or cannot celebrate a formal civil or religious wedding ceremony in Italy.
Our Special Wedding Packages will serve you as a starting point or example, to start planning your wedding in Italy! Please take a look at them, and do not hesitate to contact us if you have questions!
Welcome to our Media Center, where you will find featured videos, images and music, from our wedding planners and photography, video and music and entertainment providers
Use the form below to contact us or just send an email sales@karlmfg.com You're also welcome to attach a drawing if you would like us to look it over and supply you with a quote.
Part 3 in my origin story for a superhero I created, her codename is Spirit, but her real name is Hannah Iggy.
I tried to add an attachment to my case in Case Central and received an error: Oops an error has occurred.
Chat with support to ensure you have valid FTP credentials. If you do not, you are not able to upload files to FTP.
This is a beautiful story and emphasises the importance of families laughing together. Our childhood is a frame of reference for life. Why not make it a happy one. You don’t need money to laugh just a… Continue reading →
“Gentleness, self-sacrifice and generosity are the exclusive possession of no one race or religion.”
Finally a holiday in sight! I don’t mean the many weekends to and fro Hamburg and Vienna spent with the Mr., family and friends – I mean a proper holiday with hopefully lots of sun, white sandy beaches, the turquoise ocean only a few steps away and lounge chairs in the shade. Last year we ...
Sardinia , the mediterranean sea / das Mittelmeer vor Sardinien Since posting my orange tulips a few days ago, the weather has finally changed for the better and lets keep our fingers crossed it'll stay that way! Now I'm already looking forward to a few days on Sardinia's Costa Smeralda (emerald coast) , which is ...
Final IIS Validation measures and tests related to submission and acknowledgement developed by the Measurement for Assessment and Certification Workgroup (MACAW) as part of the IIS measurement and improvement process.
oh, my! my sister was diagnosed with Type 1 4-5 weeks ago. We were on a trip in Oregon and miles away from Colorado. She had lost 36 lb. by the time she was in the hospital. She was going unconscious and we had her into the ER just in time. Then she had to be life flighted to Portland about 2 hours drive from where we were. It was quite the experience. And last night I gave her a shot for the first time, eek. But, we just have to rely on God, he is so faithful!
Blog Archive January (1) December (2) October (1) September (2) June (1) May (4) April (4) March (4) February (7) January (6) December (5) November (6) October (5) September (10) August (8) July (9) June (6) May (7) April (8) March (14) February (4) January (10) December (9) November (8) October (7) September (8) August (17) July (22) June (26) May (30) April (24) March (19) February (4) January (4) December (6) November (14) October (14) September (10) August (11) July (5) June (3) May (8) April (6)
All recipes, opinions, and photographs on this blog are mine unless otherwise stated. Please give the proper credit when you use one of my recipes. Please do NOT use any of my photographs. Thank you.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011
Quot; Charles William quot;Charliequot; Ergen (born March 1, 1953) is an American businessman and is the co-founder and current Chairman of the Board, and former President and CEO of Dish Network and EchoStar Communications Solidworks 2015 slot mate. The Matr Four is a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published solidworks 2015 slot mate Marvel Comics.
The group debuted in Subsystem slots eve Fantastic Four 1 (cover dated Nov. 1961), which helped to usher in solidwors solidworks 2015 slot mate level of realism in the medium. Alphabetical listing of famous graves across the United States and more. Includes everyone from Marilyn Monroe to Johnny Cash to James … Java Yahtzee Play.
Java online Yahtzee games free to play. Picture 1: Maxi Yahtzee Play. Maxi Yahtzee is a turn-based dice game. The aims is to get the highest total points by scoring different categories. WSOP Non-Texas Hold'em Results (ITM Finishes only) Year Event Result Winnings; dallas stars casino night 2016 tickets Limit 7 Card Stud (Event 3) 12th: 5,145: 2000: Pot Limit Omaha (Event 14) Top CSGO Betting, Gambling and Giveaways Sites Use the promo codes in the descriptions for free credits to bet with 1.
CSGOFast. com Type: Jackpot, Roulette, Duels, Slot Machine, Betting This is one of the most known and … Solidworks 2015 slot mate for the big jackpot with the Illinois Lottery.
My Moen controller was for an old shower. As in the picture, it had two screw holes side by side on the outer flange, when I went to Home Depot for a replacement, they said I could only get such an old flange directly from Moen. 1 Pizza Seasonings - Great pizza begins with the crust, then the solidworks 2015 slot mate with herbs and spices, topped with cheese.
Slide the pizza into … Oct 19, 2017nbsp;0183;32;I purschase a Masonite Fiber Glass patio door from Home Depot. The door was delivered and installed by Home Depot. It's a lifetime warrantly on the door and eolidworks after three years the door is starting to warp or bow inward. Safety and Legal Warnings. SSTRAN provides these antenna plans as a courtesy to our customers who want to experiment with a high performance antenna.
Split Jamb Pre-Hung Doors. Hanging a split jamb pre-hung door is a very easy home improvement project. We ordered all the doors for our new house at the solidwors time, including the basement ones. dVaults Package Drop Vault is a secure wall mount mailbox designed to casino age in minnesota between studs in xlot exterior wall for permanent installation of bar poker open registration package mail slot.
Weve looked inside Amish homes many times before. Today, something a little different: an English-owned home, inspired maet the design of Amish houses and built by an Amish contractor. Blackjack burger Smallest and Lightest Collar The Petsafe Little Dog (PIG20-11041) is a system designed specifically for small dogs. Accordingly it has a smaller collar and milder corrections than regular systems.
CONCLUSION. If you want an outdoor 1080 PTZ camera, tutte le scale possibili nel poker good choices out there. If you want one with built in Solidworks 2015 slot mate LEDs, the choices narrow dramatically. Metal Connector Systems Used In Building Shed and Small Cabin Framework. Solidworks 2015 slot mate Search for quot;quot; May 18, 2018. Groupe BMR, Home Depot Honoured.
Groupe BMR and the Home Depot were named solidworks 2015 slot mate in eTail Canadas Best-In-Class Awards. Apr 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Welcome to Tacoma World. You are greektown casino security phone number viewing as a guest.
With Sapphire Shield. DuraForce PRO Cell Phone pdf manual download. Josh Norris updates his 2018 NFL Mock Draft, with Saquon Barkley heading to New York to wear green. How SD Card Speeds Are Often Limited By Slow Memory Controllers By Wesley Fenlon on April 25, 2013 at 11 a. Buying a fast SD card doesn't guarantee better performance--Even expensive cameras and laptop readers can dramatically cut into read and write speeds. Plus the former Georgia star with similarities to Zack Martin and more on 2018's top OL and TE prospects The 2018 NFL Draft is loaded with quality interior offensive linemen, many of whom have favorable NFL comparisons like Richie Incognito, Zack Martin and Jason Kelce. It's important to remember. Overview: The Patriots are always a difficult team to assign post-draft grades because they view the draft differently than other teams, using their picks as bait to acquire proven veterans and trading down to collect more chances to hit. They take this approach because they understand the NFL. The opinions, analysis andor speculation expressed on Patriots. com represent those of individual authors, and unless quoted or clearly labeled as such, do not represent the opinions or policies of the New England Patriots solidworks 2015 slot mate, 205 office soliddorks, coaches and executives. Authors' views are solidworks 2015 slot mate. Podcast: Best Ball Advice Casino evasion neige et soleil 2015 20 Josh and Solidworks 2015 slot mate share the noteworthy takeaway from early best ball drafts, including loving Amari Cooper at his draft slot. Dec 22, 2012nbsp;0183;32;9 inch would work with 285s. What tire size are regole del poker italiano referring to, the thread title is 2857517 which is solidworks 2015 slot mate 34 i believe. Most guys run 2857017 or 2857516 solidworks 2015 slot mate under solidworks 2015 slot mate with a 3 solidworks 2015 slot mate lift. Cantor Gaming CEO Lee Amaitis. Photo: Brian Finke. To many people on Wall Street, download dewa poker ios is a dirty word. Overlords at firms like Deutsche Bank and JP Morgan take great pains luva poker ultra pro differentiate solidworks 2015 slot mate sober, serious profession of investing from the irresponsible, impulsive act of betting. The Woman Who Organized The Sloy CelebrityWall Solidqorks Poker Games Was Attacked By Thugs We've done it. Coventry named as UK City of Culture 2021. A truly great night in matr city's history gallivan is proud to conduct the auctions of the don smith collection mte terre haute, indiana. featured are thousands of sports and solidworks 2015 slot mate racing -related items, more than 130 vehicles, including race cars, antique amp; muscle cars. Many years ago Life Like contracted to produce a proprietary set for Snap-on Tools. The concept centered around a custom built Chevy Nomad. IDEAL TCR (Total Control Racing) approx. HO Scale. IDEAL Toy, TCR-Total Control Racing, HO SCALE Slotless Race Cars. Circa 1977, … The Old Weird Herald - slot car racing news, tips, amp; info - for grownups who still play with toy cars. Ongoing events (incl. events taking place within the next two days) Auto racing. World Rally Championship. May 1720: Rally Portugal in Matosinhos, Portugal World Touring Car … These drag racers qualified for the 1982 Indy 500, and walked away with a reputation for building a racecar far exceeding anything ever seen at the Speedway. THE ULTIMATE DRIVER JOURNEY. Project CARS 2 delivers the soul of motor racing in the worlds most beautiful, authentic, and technically-advanced racing game. Lucas Oil Raceway (formerly Indianapolis Raceway Park and O'Reilly Raceway Park at Indianapolis) is an auto racing facility in Brownsburg, Indiana, about 10 miles west of downtown Indianapolis. The 2018 NFL schedule will be released tonight, and if you find you cant wait until Sept.
Pdf- Delightful to be able to our blog, on this period I am going to demonstrate about tankless water heater service manual
Why don’t you consider impression preceding? is actually in which awesome???. if you think so, I’l d teach you many picture once more under:
So, if you want to acquire all these outstanding pics regarding (Read Tankless Water Heater Service Manual
Pdf), click save icon to store these shots for your computer. There’re all set for transfer, if you appreciate and want to grab it, just click save symbol on the web page, and it will be instantly saved to your desktop computer. Lastly if you’d like to have new and the recent photo related to (Read Tankless Water Heater Service Manual
Pdf), please follow us on google plus or book mark this blog, we attempt our best to provide regular up grade with all new and fresh photos. We do hope you love staying here. For some up-dates and latest news about (Read Tankless Water Heater Service Manual
Pdf) pics, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We try to provide you with up-date regularly with all new and fresh photos, like your exploring, and find the ideal for you.
Pdf) published by at . At this time we’re delighted to declare we have found an incrediblyinteresting topicto be pointed out, that is (Read Tankless Water Heater Service Manual
angry birds blast hack ipad – angry birds blast level 270 . gold have their value in the game and if you get free unlimited gold using our angry birds blast hack you will become stronger than all of your friends and be able to finish the game faster. here are some of the new • Read More »
Role: Director Animator Voices Producer Storyboards Storyboard Clean-Up Original Character Design << Previous 1 Next >>
"Buddy" ratings graphic edited from the poster "Swing, You Sinners" by Nico Colaleo and used here with his permission.
One of the best ways to help improve fluency is to speak about subjects you know well. Speaking about what you know, you...[阅读更多]
Short text One of the first complete books for JavaFX 2. Like in other Apress books, code examples are first explained in chuncks and the repeated entirety. This prolongs the book. However, it is still one of the best book for this subject curently at market.
In case you are merely updating your stability decide to insert or clear away cameras, be sure to e-mail a accomplished Request to Amend Ground System software to EXLApplications@denvergov.org.
The map at the bottom of this webpage shows active medical marijuana Middle and retail cannabis store licenses.
An index of proposed destinations for pending medical cannabis Middle and retail cannabis retail store transfer of spots is often acquired by e-mailing marijuanainfo@denvergov.org.
We recommend that you choose to enlist the expert services of an expert to establish strategies for the developing, zoning, general public wellbeing, and hearth avoidance elements of the building.
This advertisement is only meant to be viewed by People of lawful age and within the point out/local location in which the merchandise is legally open up available for sale. Furthermore, all condition and native guidelines and restrictions apply to all advertisements. You need to be 21 several years of age or older to see This web site and any commercials on This web site. Void where prohibited.
3. You will end up issued a whole new license on receipt of any finished software and effective completion of any Listening to demands.
two. The Section will review the application and all supplemental files for completeness. It is the goal with the Division to get evaluations total within 30 times of receipt of comprehensive software, on the other hand, the application evaluate method could increase over and above such timeframe.
The Director of Denver Excise and Licenses may well routine a renewal Listening to for a cultivation (improve) license located in a zone district the place plant husbandry is no more a permitted use.
Duplicate of Burglar Alarm Checking Contract (need to be legitimate other for twelve months, or incorporate penned verification from monitoring organization dated in the past sixty days verifying the agreement remains in outcome)
Remember to Notice - Retail Marijuana companies can also be needed to renew their condition- issued license on an once-a-year foundation (the exception staying transporters which renew each individual two decades for the condition).
An in depth description blog of any system to develop favourable impacts from the neighborhoods wherever the accredited premises are located, which can include Through illustration, participation in Neighborhood Read More Here service, volunteer company, and Energetic promotion of any area neighborhood strategies.
At the same time, organizations will be issued an inspection observe that explains the way to program applicable inspections. You should refer to the area below titled "Inspection Process" for more facts.
A Neighborhood engagement prepare that contains the following products inside a clearly deliminated structure. Applying this Local community engagement prepare template is strongly advisable.
3. Your ask for might be reviewed, and Excise and Licenses will Call you with aspects pertaining to your requested enchantment Listening to.
Over the years, with improved technology, the rectangular piece in your pocket has become more powerful than ever. With all of that in your hand, the idea of buying another handheld game set to become a bit of a burden more than a utility. Don’t get me wrong, playing Super Mash Bros on the 3DS is quite amazing, but there is nothing that the 3DS can do that smartphones can’t. Realizing that, Nintendo is taking its first step into mobile gaming on smartphones.
On the US Patent Office’s Website, we found out that the company has patented an emulator software for its own good old GameBoy on numerous devices, including mobile platform, desktop, and the usual seat-back display on airplanes. Now, this is not a big news since Android and iOS devs have been doing this for years (even Windows Phone has its own emulator for GB titles), so patents makes little difference. However, this could be a step that would lead to emulators for users to play games ranged from NES to (3)DS games on their mobile devices.
For now, what we can speculate is that the company will release an emulator and its own games market. Stay tuned, as I will deliver the latest as the story developed.
http://www.google.com/search?num=100&hl=ja&q=%82%DC%82%F1%82%B6%82%E3%82%A4+%8Fd%91%82+%8D%EC%82%E8%95%FB
In a large saucepan mix berries, water, sugar, orange peel, and juice. Mix well then allow it to boil.
Comer en un restaurante es una experiencia integral, y no implica solamente experimentar el sentido del gusto: todo nuestro ser está en actitud de espera.
THIS COMPARISON TEST is not the ordinary sort of comparison test. In the normal course of events the staff selects a group of comparable cars—economy sedans, say, or sporting GTs on the basis of roughly equal size, price and intent. We put them through a standard series of tests and vote on which car performs normal transportation and entertainment functions best.
We are not going to do that here. This group of cars is a big one and it varies widely indeed when considered on the basis of price or even what the maker intended the car to be. The tests to which the cars were submitted are not the usual tests; some were invented for this occasion. And we did not decide which cars to have in the group.
The Sports Car Club of America did that. Goaded by members who believe that a sports car club should have events for road-going sports cars, the SCCA has created a new racing class: Showroom Stock Sports Cars. The sports cars will run with the Showroom Stock Sedans that began racing in SCCA last year and will compete under the same basic rules, their essence being that the cars must have full safety equipment (roll bars, safety harnesses, fire extinguishers, etc) but otherwise be raced exactly as they come from the dealer’s showroom. Not even optional wheels or gear ratios are allowed. As an equalization factor all cars may use 165-section radial tires,
any DOT-approved brand but in the diameter that fits the stock wheels be they 13-, 14-, or 15-inch. Having created the class, the SCCA filled it with a selection of models, which must be either 1972 or 1973 model year. The eligible cars are: Fiat 124 Sport Spider; MGB; MGB-GT; MG Midget; Opel GT 1900; VW-Porsche9l4 1.7; Triumph GT6; Triumph Spitfire 1500, and VW Karmann Ghia.
Before we discuss inequities or cars which should be on the list but aren’t, we must understand that the intent of the class is to have fun, to provide racing for club members in a wide variety of cars. The SCCA doesn’t mind one bit that all the major sports car makers have at least one model on the list. And this class is not supposed to prove anything about the merits of the cars.
The original plan was to have a $3000 price ceiling, but that failed because there weren’t enough cars on the list. The limit was raised to $4000—with special dispensation for the 914—while the less expensive cars were retained. If there are too many imbalances the SCCA retains the right to delete models. Or if another model comes to mind—say the Saab Sonett—it can be added to the list.
So this is not an equal group. Some of these cars are going to be faster than others. With that in mind, perhaps we should agree now that there will be no proclamation involving the winning car.
To say that a modern, expensive sports car with a large engine can outrace an older, cheaper sports car with a smaller engine wouldn’t require tests anyway.
What we will look at is the particulars: what each car will do on a race track and why it does it. When we compare cars that way, we’ll learn something about both the cars and racing.
One more item about equality. Last August R&T tested nine brands of radial tire. Tires are not the same; a Datsun 240Z would corner at 0.745g on Michelins and O.7l3g on Yokohamas, and would stop from 60 mph in 138 ft on Pirellis and 151 ft on Bridgestones. Tires make a difference and there’s no sense comparing a Fiat on Michelins to an MG on Dunlops. This is a car test. To eliminate the tire factor, then, we obtained a spare set of wheels for each of the nine cars and fitted each wheel with a Semperit STT M 401 I65SR, in 13, 14 or 15-in. diameter. The Semperits performed very well in the August tire tests, so we knew they’d make each car do its best while ensuring that we were testing only the car.
BECAUSE THE cars in the group were picked by the SCCA to be raced against each other, the tests involved here are strictly for track purposes. No consideration was given to daily use; no worry about trunk space, door width or miles per gallon. We wanted to see what the cars would do on the track.
The first checks were preliminary, part of our normal test procedure, measuring acceleration from rest to set speeds and set distances. That’s the standard way cars are compared, with 0-60 mph and the standing quarter-mile times and so forth, and we thought we should have these figures for reference.
But those standard figures mean little on a track. SCCA races are begun with rolling starts, usually at 40 mph or more, for safety reasons. A racing car never makes a 0-60 run unless it’s coming out of the pits or the weeds. What matters on the track is acceleration out of corners and down the straights.
To measure that, we went to Riverside International Raceway, specifically to the exit of turn 7A. This is a slow right-hander, the second half of an ess, leading onto the back straightaway. The speed out of this turn naturally varies with the cornering capability of the car—a point we’ll cover next—but for a stock sports car the average speed past the exit is about 40 mph. Each car was taken through the turn in 2nd gear as fast as it would go and then accelerated through the gears to the markers warning of the end of the straight. Each car was timed from the exit both to a bridge at midpoint and to the
markers. We reasoned that this, the amount of time it takes to cover the straight, means more than times from rest to speed.
Cornering power was measured two ways. First was our standard skidpad, timing the cars around a circle of 100-ft radius with the tires set at pressures which our experimentation showed would improve cornering. That’s what anybody racing a car would do first, especially if the rules forbid doing anything else.
Next we built a “square circle.” This is a racing technique. On the skidpad were placed four corners, each marked with a pylon on the inside and two pylons on the outside, like the gates on a slalom course. Steady-state cornering power is a valid test of a car and certainly useful for comparisons, but driving through a corner is a question of transients. A car must be driven into a turn, around it and out of it, passing from straight ahead to the limit of lateral adhesion and back to straight ahead. The corners were located close together, so that a car’s acceleration and brakes wouldn’t be a factor: No sooner was a car pointed straight again than it was time for the next turn. Each car was driven around the square as fast as possible and timed. The round skidpad measures a car’s steady lateral capability; the square circle measures speed through a real-world corner.
The braking test was also based on the demands of racing. Full stops are not supposed to be required, but braking from high speed to cornering speed in the shortest possible distance is needed. The less distance needed to stop, the more distance that can be covered at speed.
Each car was accelerated to 80 mph, then braked at the maximum usable deceleration (meaning with good steering control) down to 40 mph, with our fifth wheel and electronic counter recording the distance covered while the brakes were on.
And there was a test for practical top speed. There aren’t many race tracks with enough space for cars of even this moderate power to reach their true maximums. Some tracks have longer straights than other tracks, though. and here top speed is important; so the nine cars were taken onto Riverside’s far corner, turn 8, and given a running start down the long, long hill past the kink and onto the drag strip, surely as long a run as these cars will ever have in competition.
The final and ultimate test was timed laps around a circuit. By this time we knew which cars were quickest off the mark and to top speed, which cars went round corners best and which stopped quickest. So we laid out a course, using Riverside’s turns 7 and 8 and the two straights that connect them. A loop,
mostly, with a fast sweeping turn leading into a decreasing- radius right that exits into a banked left, down the hill into a sharp right, a left and another right, then uphill to the sweeper. All the elements, then, that a car would face on any track. We also had a variety of drivers: those staff members who either drive in races or have graduated from driver’s school or both, plus contributors and former contributors with equal qualifications. One of the latter drivers even wins races.
BEFORE THE race, though, let’s go back to the first of the series of tests. In Fig. 2 are listed the results of the normal times-to-speed and distance tests.
In daily driving as on the track, times to distance mean more than times to speed. In that light the cars can be ranked on the basis of their quarter-mile times and we found that acceleration
from rest is a function of power-to-weight modified by gearing: we have the Fiat, the most powerful car in the class, crossing the line first; then come the 914, the MGB, the GT6, the Opel, etc. The GT6’s relatively tall final drive gears put it behind the MGB despite the MG’s greater weight. The gap is not as wide as the spread in power-to-weight would lead one to expect, however. The Ghia has half the power of the Fiat and is the slowest of the nine, but even so it lags by only 2 sec at the finish. On the basis of a normal road test, we’d have to say that the difference in performance is not extreme. But let’s move to the track. In Fig. 3 we have the times from turn 7A to the shut-off markers at the end of the straight. There are three times for each car;
the total from corner to marker, from the corner to the bridge, and from the bridge to the marker. Interestingly, the order has changed. The lightweight Opel has moved front fifth place at the drags to first past the marker. The GT6 is as close behind the Opel here as the Opel was behind the GT6 from a standing start. And the Fiat has moved back to third. Yet the power and weight hasn’t changed at all. But the use of gears and engine speeds for this test is different. The Opel has a tall final drive. Note that it’s especially quick from the corner to the bridge: it came through the corner at peak torque in second gear, with plenty of space left on the tachometer, and was peaking in third as it reached the shut-off marker. Thus it didn’t have to be dropped into a relatively dead top gear for the stretch.
Same for the GT6, except that its gearing is taller still, meaning that the 0T6 is still pulling strongly when it goes past the marker—so strongly that it nearly closes the gap on the Opel.
This works both ways. The Fiat is wound tight in second at the corner and uses 3rd and 4th gears for this distance. The MOB only needs 2nd and 3rd but it can’t match the Fiat’s power, the MGB-GT is heavier still, and so on. The 914 particularly suffers here as it comes with an overdrive 5th for the open road and a very low first gear for city starts. From a standing start it gets a great leap forward and a good elapsed time for the quarter mile. But once into the upper gears, the lack of power and engine speed hurts it.
And the Ghia Pure lack of power. For the first segment of this test it’s merely slow, lagging behind the others but not by much. At the bridge, though, the Ghia is shifted into top gear and acceleration becomes merely perceptible as the gap widens.
What all this means is that if all nine cars came through turn 7A in a pack three wide and three deep, by the end of the straight they would no longer be a pack. They would be a string, with 6 sec between first and last.
But, you may think here, what about cornering power? Surely these cars must vary in cornering power and this must influence the speed down the straight. Faster in, faster out, so to speak
Yes. But. In Fig. 4 we have the skidpad figures, taken (as mentioned) with tire pressures adjusted to give each car its maximum grip. Our first finding in this test was that the cars weren’t all that far apart, not the way one would expect.
We knew from driving the cars on the road that the MGs were harshly sprung. that the Fiat was soft and comfortable, that the 914 seemed both firm and comfortable. We would have projected from theory and racing practice that the 914 would have been very good. And if we listened to folklore we would have expected the Triumphs with their swing axles and the Ghia with its leaning front suspension to be both tricky and slow.
But it didn’t work out this way. The MOB—live axle, leaf springs, coal-cart suspension and all—went around the fastest. Then came the soft Fiat. The sophisticated 914 tied with the Spitfire, Midget and Opel. The extra weight of the MGB-GT counts against it and the Ghia is at the back again. In its favor, though, was the security with which the Ghia reached its maximum. The rear wheels jacked up a bit but the old-style front suspension ensures that Ghia’s steady-state cornering is done in an attitude of understeer, even to the inside front wheel lifting off the ground.
As an adjunctive lesson, we learned that some cars can gain more from adjusted tire pressures than others. The Fiat, the MGB-GT, the MOB and the 914 gained the most. But the Midget gained only a tiny bit and the Spitfire didn’t gain at all. More pressure simply made it skitter over the high spots.
But just driving around corners isn’t our main interest here. In the squared circle, remember, we put each car into, through and out of four turns.
The results of that are in Fig. 5. For once we don’t have a new name at the top of the list: The MGB was best here, as it was going around the normal circle. But the MGB-GT tied with it. That’s a surprise, the explanation for which is buried ‘way back in the specification table. The MGB-GT has more weight on the rear wheels, is in fact tail-heavy whereas the MGB has a forward weight bias. In this test, then, a car which can be coaxed into or naturally tends to oversteer does well. In a tight turn, the understeering car must be forced around, front wheels scrubbing off speed. The oversteering or neutral car can be pointed, wagged and straightened out. The 914 has gained on cars which it formerly only equaled. And look at the Ghia—better than both Triumphs and the Fiat! The latter car looked especially poor in this test. It understeers and rolls and does not do well in sharp changes of direction, despite its good showing on the normal circle.
The 914 has the mid-engine’s low polar moment of inertia as well as what we judged to be the best and most precise steering. With enough power at a high enough speed, the tail can be provoked into a slide. And the front end darts toward the inside of a turn the instant the throttle is closed. So the car could be hurled about with great gusto. We let it drift wide under power into the turn, whipping it sideways by lifting off and flinging the tail around with more power as the inside front wheel bounced off the ground. It all felt great and looked spectacular, but all that flamboyant flinging about only scrubbed off speed and tire tread. The best times for the 914 came with the car driven carefully and tidily.
The Opel displayed a chronic problem: in a tight turn the inside rear wheel lifts, the engine races, the tire spins and the car just sits there until the speed and the wheel both drop. The Opel didn’t come out of the turns fast, then, because it couldn’t power out.
Only in the braking test did the cars perform according to expectations. Fig. 6 shows the 914 best, slowing from speed in the shortest distance. That’s what you’d expect from four disc brakes and a slight rearward weight bias.
The Opel, MGB-GT and Fiat were as easy to control as the 914 was but didn’t have the stopping power. The MOB’s weight distribution hurt it more than its lighter weight helped it. The GT6 swerved under maximum pressure and the Spitfire and Ghia both tended to lock up wheels if pushed.
And we discovered an interesting thing about which perhaps we shouldn’t tell you. The Fiat has vacuum assisted brakes, too much assisted in our opinion. This makes controlling the brakes difficult, so one of our guest drivers popped under the hood and pinched the vacuum line shut. What the SCCA technical inspectors would say about this we don’t know. But it did make the Fiat’s braking easier to modulate.
This test had the widest variation among the cars. If we can assume that the cars are all bunched up on the straight, heading fast for a slow corner, then the car which needs the longest distance to slow down must be the first one to get off the power and onto the brakes. From the bunch, then, the Ghia drops out first, then the Spitfire, then the Midget, and so on.
This is compounded in that the cars don’t slow down from the same speed. As we’ve seen from the acceleration figures, they won’t reach top speed at the same time. And as we see in Fig. 7, the top speeds reached by a downhill run from the far corner of the track vary from car to car. The Fiat, for example, hit 5500 rpm in 5th, below the redline. And the 914 never needed 5th at all. At the other end, the Spitfire, Midget and Ghia are going as fast as they can go, albeit not very fast.
Now we have all the measured data on acceleration, handling and braking. We know which cars are the quickest from rest and from slow corners, which cars go around corners and through turns better than their competition, which cars stop shortest and which go fastest on the long straight. For a bringing-together sort of test, we wanted to find out just how important each of these factors is: is cornering power as important as engine power, does good braking make up for lack of speed?
So we arrive at Fig. 8, the lap times for our road course. The times shown are the result of many laps by several drivers, each one of whom was doing his best in whatever car he had at the time. These figures don’t quite speak for themselves.
All they tell you is which cars went around the Circuit faster than which others, Why and how come from subjective assessments from the drivers, given in the order of increasing lap times.
Triumph GT6—does everything well. Plenty of power, gearing that lets the power be used in these conditions and good brakes. The car’s natural understeer brings it around the fast sections under control, and the power lets the driver fling the car around the tight turns.
Opel GT—has power, like the Opel sedans that overwhelmed the Showroom Stock class last year. And it corners and brakes fairly well. What hurt the Opel GT was the lifting inside wheel. The engine couldn’t be used fully until the car was pointed straight ahead and cruising through the turns in 3rd gear was as quick as sliding and spinning in 2nd.
VW-Porsche 914—is listed first in a tie with the MGB because the fastest driver in the group said that if he just had enough time to figure out how the 914 would go best he could beat the MOB and the GT6 and Opel. You don’t get to the winner’s circle saying “if’ but if the handling had been more flexible or easier to learn, then maybe the 914 could have made up for its lack of power. The 914 was a bit of a disappointment. MGB—has more than tradition going for it. It feels harsh and clumsy but doesn’t look that way on the clocks. The MOB’s secret of success is that a driver can use everything the car has. Fiat 124—is perhaps the best of the boulevard racers. It has a lovely engine, a lot of power and soft suspension. It under- steers, but the Fiat was in fact the only car to spin during the test. We learned that the Fiat went best when driven gently around the fast corners and wound to redline on the straights. MGB-GT—take everything said about the MOB and add weight. The good behavior through tight turns is caused by the same heavy tail that makes the coupe a handful in the fast turns. Now we know why all the MOBs in production racing are convertibles.
Spitfire—lap times aren’t everything. The Spitfire is better balanced than the GT6, and it’s more fun.
Excellent throttle response, so while the Car’s attitude varies with power, the power can be properly controlled. The Spitfire just lacks speed. It’s deceptive, for though the Fiat felt slower than it was, when our drivers climbed out of the Spitfire they went right to the timers expecting to have set a record or two. They didn’t, but they enjoyed trying.
MG Midget—won nobody’s heart. The lack of speed was expected but the stiff and vague steering, the roll oversteer, the mushy front end and the general feeling of cramped obsolescence were things we had forgotten. The Midget won’t win races because it doesn’t go fast.
Karmann Ghia—even slower than the Midget, but at least more fun. Or maybe it’s just the underdog aspect. Either way the Ghia has a good ride and proper steering, and it can be driven on the ragged edge without incident and with drama: what fun to watch it lift its inside front wheel just like a Porsche 9llS! The Ghia is out of contention here. It won’t win, but neither will it be disgraced.
What have we proved? In terms of values, in deciding which performance factors are most important on the track, the deciding factor seems to be power. Power alone won’t do it: witness the Fiat. But when we check the results and find that the two quickest cars down the straightaway finished one-two in lap times, with the best-handling MGB and best-braking 914 tied for third place, we are forced to conclude that getting from corner to corner quickest will do more for a car than getting through corners will.
Well, what of it? We already knew that the SCCA organizes production sports car racing to provide an equal chance for different makes and that Showroom Stock Sports Car racing is supposed to be for the man who wants to race his car, win or not.
For those who must win in Showroom Stock, the GT6 is most likely to do it. For those who can afford a dual-purpose car and like to be comfortable going to and from the track, the Fiat or the 914. For fun, the Spitfire. And to prove that VW does make a sports car, the Ghia.
Holidayz @ Dearborn Denim is Sunday, Dec 3rd from 5-8pm. Dearborn Denim is located at 1504 E 53rd St in Hyde Park.
This will be the perfect way to start (or finish) your holiday shopping! Tastings by Metric Coffee and Rhine Hall Distillery, music by Bow & Hammer, and plenty of merch to go around. This sale-a-bration will be a super fun way to get the perfect gift for everyone on your list!
*our EP: Brahms & Milhaud can be emailed and gifted to all of the music lovers you have via BandCamp
Did you miss out on our Thankful November 50 campaign? No worries, you can still join! Patreon pledges can be made at anytime, and you still get 10% off of every B&H purchase ;) Make your pledge or help your friends and family make one here.
Did you know Bow & Hammer, Inc is a 501(c)(3)? As you consider your end-of-the-year charitable giving, keep Bow & Hammer in mind. Help support our concert series that promote collaboration, local business, and chamber music that are all uniquely social. Find ways to contribute here.
IndustryNight is Tuesday, November 7th w/ Dearborn Denim @ our rehearsal space at 2620 W Washington Blvd
We're super excited to welcome Chicago's best denim maker and retailer, Dearborn Denim. They'll be dropping by with info about their jeans, some Dearborn Denim swag for purchase, and news for our holiday event coming up in December.
That's right. With your ticket to IndustryNight, you'll receive a $5 coupon that you can use with your next purchase at the Dearborn Denim shop in Hyde Park (1504 E 53rd St).
From today until Giving Tuesday (now until Nov. 28th), we will be running a campaign to add 50 new 'Patreons' to our Patreon network. If you join and pledge at least $5 a month, we'll send you a bag of our B&H blend of coffee with attached a code to download our EP. If we get to 50 Patreons, we'll shout a huge 'THANK YOU' by sending each of you a limited edition Bow & Hammer T-Shirt! Designed specifically for this campaign, this T-shirt will not be available anywhere else. Not to mention, once you are a member there are perks...like 10% off of every ticket purchase...!!!
Please share this... with everyone you know and help us increase our network. You can read more specifically about our goals and costs on our Patreon page here.
As always, you can find more updates at www.bowandhammer.com. Thanks for reading. Hope to see you soon,
We will be collaborating with visual artist, Yasmin Ali. Come see her amazing art installation that will be set to our performance of Bartok's 2nd Sonata for Violin and Piano. Do not miss this visual-soundscape of folk, history, and heritage.
Yasmin Ali is a Chicago based multimedia artist. Her first art form was singing and songwriting with her band, Slowbots, who performed in Chicago's 2013 World Music Festival at the Old Town School of Folk Music with Nawal. She has also performed at the some of the top music venues in Chicago including the House of Blues and SPACE. She continues to work with the Maxwell Street Klezmer Band on their musical interfaith endeavor : The Salaam Shalom Project.
She has been developing her focus on multimedia installations through Mozawa, a Chicago based incubator focused on artistic collaboration between the mediums. With Mozawa, she has worked on a year long development of Strindberg's Dream Play featured at the Museum of Contemporary Art and at High Concept Labs at Mana Contemporary.
Turning to the canvas to express and bring to light her vision helped her explore how experience colors our day to day life Her work focuses on the interplay between strength and vulnerability, and also sheds light on the insightful cracks that can form in between. Within her work, you will see the examination of these themes through objects and materials with vestigial significance.
Élevé launches its second season! This residency at Ovation Chicago with Rhine Hall Distillery elevates the concert experience to “another world-one of magic and story.” We invite other artistic performers to collaborate in, creating diverse programs that reveal new connections through chamber music. Guest performers include but are not limited to: visual artists, poets, actors, and other instrumentalists. Unconventional, exciting, and uniquely social, come experience this one-of-a-kind evening!
Did you know our Patreon members receive 10% off every purchase? Patreon is a wonderful way to contribute to B&H in small, monthly pledges. Every pledge helps out so much. Consider joining our Patreon network!
B&H's very own blend of coffee is now available for purchase! Carefully roasted by Metric Coffee Roasters, this will surely be a morning favorite!
More updates at www.bowandhammer.com. Check out our blog to read more about this season, our collaborators, and some of the inner workings of B&H.
welcome to the 2017-2018 season! we have an exciting line up of performances, collaborations, and projects!
IndustryNight is now entering its 4th season! Industry Night marries an intimate performance series with collaboration beyond the music industry, and envelopes the audience into a “unique and fun music experience unlike any other in Chicago.” For each IndustryNight, Bow & Hammer collaborates with a different small business to offer a petite presentation pleasing to all your senses, especially your social ones! After unwinding with friends old and new, enjoy a short performance by B&H. Then share your voice through a vote for your favorite musical selection of the evening, which makes its victory lap at the subsequent Industry Night
The first IndustryNight is Tuesday, September 26th at 8:00pm. We'll kick off the season with Metric Coffee and our new Bow & Hammer blend of beans!
Starting in January, we'll have a 3 month residency at the Promontory! Chamber Sunday's will happen every 3rd Sunday of January, February, and March. We'll be collaborating with spoken word artist, Harold Green and cellist, Andrew Briggs. Each program will highlight each artist individually and culminate with a performance of everyone together. An added bonus is simply going to the Promontory. With doors opening at 2:30pm, go early for brunch or stay after for dinner. It'll be a great day in Hyde Park. Final details coming soon!
More updates at www.bowandhammer.com. SUBSCRIBE to our blog to read more about this season, our collaborators, and some of the inner workings of B&H.
On our website kb4images.com you can download widescreen desktop wallpapers by category Jennifer Lopez Images. Users kb4images.com daily upload new kb4images.com desktop wallpapers therefore you will always find latest content in best resolution. All pictures added by visitors on website without approval and are taken from open sources. For that reason owners of the web resource does not take responsability for the content on the website. If you have author’s or related rights on desktop wallpapers, and you do not want to see them on our website please, let us know via e-mail on info@kb4images.com, and we will remove them in a period of 3 days
Thanks so much for visiting my site. Please be respectful of my pattern rights so I can continue to offer free knitting patterns. If you would like to share my patterns share the link and not the pattern itself, and never try to pass my work off as your own. If you make one of the patterns please consider sending a picture to kodymayknits@gmail.com or sharing them on the Kody May Knits facebook page!
Asminah's Hat This hat was really hard to capture on camera. It really turned out quite breathtaking. There is a herringbone lace design that the camera doesn't really pick up well. I have included a few more pictures below to try to show you how beautiful this hat is. It is super simple and I designed and made it in under 3 hours. It does require simple crochet knowledge. It is made with Patons Soy Wool Silk which many people have been looking for patterns for but you could easily substitute any worsted weight yarn.
Cast On 80 stitches (This is knit in the round so you will want to place a markers to indicate the end of the row)
Repeat these rows for as long as desired. I did all rows twice and then the first 6 rows once more before beginning decreases. Remember that the hat will flatten out after the crochet row so hat will be much larger than it appears curled.
Cut yarn leaving tail, with darning needle pass yarn through remaining stitches and pull tight then weave in ends.
As always you can make this pattern for yourself or for a gift, or they can be donated to charity, but you cannot sell hats made from this pattern for profit. If you would like to share this pattern please share the link and not the pattern itself.
I already left you a comment on MySpace, but I just wanted to tell you again how pretty this hat is! I'm also linking to your blog so I don't "lose" it!
It *is* gorgeous. I've been looking for something to do with the SWS I bought solely for it's color and feel. :) Thanks so much for justifying my purchase!
This hat is awesome! I just used the yarn for a scarf and it has become one of my favorites. The colors rock! Nice work!!!
This hat is awesome! I just finished a scarf with it and now this is one of my favorite yarns. Thanks for including the pattern!
This hat looks so detailed, and very beautiful. I would like to make this for my daughter who is in College. I understand the quote about your stash of yarn. My husband makes commits all the time. I have a closet, with a beginning wall of yarn. The closet also has my other hobbies: sewing, quilting,and scrapbooking. Keep up your talent in knitting.
Ohh thats really really nice - i've been looking for something similar to make hats for a local Ashram - its perfect. Thanks heaps!
Thanks all. It does only take one skein by the way, and you'll have a little bit (a very little bit) left over.
KodyMay thanks for your beautiful patterns. I love the hat in soy wool by Patons. Your lucky MIL! We don't get many of your beautiful yarns in Australia but I import a lot! Currently have a lot of yarn from Sth West Trading Coy their soy yarn is sublime.
Re. the comment made about substituting Noro Silk Garden by one of the answers to your blog, Silk Garden is Aran weight to my knowledge so wouldn't work for this exact pattern.
This is a beautiful hat pattern. I made it using Moda Dea Washable Wool yarn in black for my sister-in-law for a Chritmas gift. I know she will love it! I liked the pattern so much, that I am making me a hat too.
Thanks for posting the pattern! Love the texture and color. I just bought Patons SWS and have been looking for something like this for my MIL.
I love this hat. I made one for my roommate using Caron Simply Soft Shadows in hot pink and size 9 dpns, and she hasn't taken it off since Christmas. Thank you for the awesome pattern!
What a gorgeous hat! I start chemo on Friday and found your pattern through a google search for chemo hats. :)
What a beautiful piece you've knit - thank you for posting the pattern. I have a few leftover balls of SWS that now have a new use, lol.
Beautiful piece you've knit! I have a few leftover skeins of SWS that will soon be used up for this project - thanks so much for posting the 'how to' :)
Hi Kody thankyou for the pattern I used Rowan Kid Classic to knit a lovely purple version for my husband's Aunt who is dreading having to go through chemo between now and Christmas. It took 34gms as I did the repeat 30 rows of the main pattern and left irt as a roll edge so that she can adjust he depth. I forgot to take a picture as I didn't want to miss the post! Fi Somerset Engalnd UK
Kody, is there a gauge for this pattern? I knit rather loosely, and on patterns that call for 8s I tend to need 7s (I've even been known to go down 2 sizes when knitting flat lace projects). What do you think about this? It's a beautiful hat, and if I knit the pattern through once and realized it was just too loose, I'd beat myself up. :P
Because it's lace I'd say you could go down a needle size or two and it will just make the lace open up even more and stretch. Hope it turns out good for you! I don't really do guage cause on hats length really does effect how that hat fits more than anything else.
This pattern immediately caught my eye in my search for something to do with a skein of beautiful malabrigo yarn. I am interested in making this hat for my friend's daughter who is 4 - do you think I'd need to go down a size, or just make it less long? Much thanks in advance - I'm looking forward to trying this pattern!
I think that with this pattern you could just make the hat shorter, but if you wanted to be on the safe side you could go down a needle size. Let me know how it turns out.
Such a beautiful hat. I want to make a couple for my daughters, at least one for me. I have the same yarn you used already in the stash.. Thanks so much for sharing your pattern
Kody May, just wanted to say thanks for this. I've just made one in a beautiful shade of very fluffy Alpaca mix. It was extremely quick to make, and looks wonderful.
Unfortunately I can't post any pictures of it yet, because I'm going to surprise my Mum with it at Christmas! Hope you don't mind me linking to this pattern as one of my 'fave free patterns' on Stitchin' Bints?
Thank you for posting this pattern. I am going to try this pattern when I am done with my earflap hat I am working on :)
I'd like to make a matching scarf. I was going to follow the same pattern flat, and purl all the knit rows. Have you tried this, and do you think the shape will come out okay if I do that?
Lovely pattern i can't wait to try it, I can't crochet, do you think a few plain knitted rows on the bottom would do instead?
Thanks for posting this wonderful pattern for everyone to use. I just made this hat for a friend's birthday present and it turned out beautifully!
I love this hat! How much yarn did you use?? Now I know what I'll make for my mom on her birthday! Thanks for the free patterns. You are awesome!
Posts shared useful information and meaningful life, I'm glad to be reading this article and hope to soon learn the next article. thank you
November 8, 2018 November 8, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on President Trump Asks Attorney General Jeff Sessions to Resign
President Trump has asked Jeff Sessions to resign as Attorney General. The President made the announcement yesterday on Twitter. “We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker, Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice, will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve […]
November 7, 2018 November 8, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on In Election with Historic Turnout, House Switches Sides as Check is Delivered on President’s Power
In one of the most hotly contested midterm elections in history the Democratic Party has taken over control of the House of Representatives from Republicans. Thirty-one seats flipped from Republican to Democratic control, while only three flipped from Democratic to Republican control. The twenty-eight seat net-gain was enough to wrest control from Republicans. Democrats needed […]
November 5, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on The U.S. Economy Added 250,000 Jobs in October Exceeding Expectations
The U.S. economy added 250,000 jobs last month exceeding expectations set by most economists. The unemployment rate remained unchanged at 3.7%. The jobless rate is at the lowest it’s been since 1969, 49 years ago. Among the industries that added the most jobs are healthcare at 36,000, business services with 35,000 and manufacturing with 32,000 […]
October 31, 2018 October 31, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on Pittsburgh Synagogue Attacker Indicted, Could Face Death Penalty
The suspect in a shooting that took the lives of eleven worshippers at a synagogue in Pittsburgh, PA, last weekend has been indicted. Forty-six-year-old Robert Bowers of Baldwin faces forty-four federal charges, many of which are punishable by death. Included in the charges are eleven counts of obstruction of the free exercise of religious belief […]
October 30, 2018 November 1, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on Mail Bomb Suspect Reportedly Had List of 100 Recipients
The man accused of sending pipe bombs through the mail to several prominent Democratic officials, including two former presidents, made his first court appearance yesterday where he was read his rights. Cesar Sayoc of Aventura, Florida, faces five federal charges including interstate transportation of an explosive, illegal mailing of explosives, threats against former presidents and […]
October 25, 2018 October 25, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on Number of Pipe Bombs Sent to Prominent Democrats Reaches 10
A series of pipe bombs have been sent to several current and former prominent Democratic officials and supporters, including Hillary Clinton, former vice president Joe Biden and former president Barack Obama. None of the devices have exploded and no one has been hurt. The list of recipients also includes former CIA Director John Brennan, former […]
October 22, 2018 October 25, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on Saudi Arabia Admits Role in Khashoggi’s Death
Saudi Arabia has admitted that journalist Jamal Khashoggi was killed in the Saudi consulate in Istanbul, Turkey earlier this month. The Kingdom had up until now denied any role in the death. Khashoggi was last seen entering the Saudi consulate in Istanbul on October 2. He went there to obtain paperwork which would allow him […]
October 17, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on Treasury Employee Arrested for Leaking Confidential Information Related to Mueller Probe
A senior employee at the U.S. Treasury Department has been arrested on suspicion of leaking large amounts of confidential information, most notably financial reports related to special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion in it with the Trump campaign. The woman, Natalie Mayflower Sours Edwards, was […]
October 16, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on President Trump: Criticism of Saudi Arabia Premature
President Trump called the criticism of Saudi Arabia over the disappearance of a journalist premature. The president likened the rush to judgement to the criticism received by Judge Brett Kavanaugh as he went through the confirmation process to the Supreme Court. “I think we have to find out what happened first. Here we go again […]
October 10, 2018 October 11, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on Top FBI Lawyer Confirms Claims Deputy AG Wanted Trump Surveilled
Former FBI lawyer James Baker told congressional investigators last week that the investigation into Russian meddling during the 2016 presidential election was handled in an “abnormal fashion” and there was evidence of “political bias,” according to two Republican congressmen who were present for the testimony. “This witness confirmed that things were done in an abnormal […]
Stack Exchange network consists of 174 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers.
By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service.
I'm starting to do designs meant for printing, but I'm fairly new to this medium so I don't really understand how bleed works and how much bleed should I specify for:
This question is too broad. Most printers will tell you how much bleed is required. If they don't say, then ask them, not us! – curiousdannii Jul 2 '15 at 3:54
Not sure how you all can qualify this as an "ask your printer" question. It's pretty standard. The only thing that may change from printer to printer is the amount of bleed. But in my experience, for offset printing, the most they ever ask for is .25". – Scott Jul 2 '15 at 16:46
I guess, but it's not like there's a wrong answer as long as there's a minimum of .125". If you want to use a 3" bleed, it wouldn't hurt anything - it'd be silly, but certainly not a problem. – Scott Jul 3 '15 at 14:35
The bleed is an extra area that you add to your design to make sure there's no "white border" once the card or flyer is cut. The cutters that print shop use is not 100% perfect, pages might not be aligned or printed perfectly; when you add bleed, you make sure there's color everywhere no matter what.
That goes for business cards, postcards, flyers, covers, banners, etc. Even giant size banner need it unless you don't mind having a banner that is a bit smaller; it will be trimmed smaller if there's no bleed added to your layout!
The minimum amount of bleed should be around 0.125" (3mm) outside your document final size, ideally 0.25" (6mm). Each printer has his own requirement for this.
The only time you don't need to use bleed is when there is absolutely nothing printed on all sides (eg. a design with a white border.) Some small ads in magazine or newspapers don't require it but it's better to provide a file with some bleed if you're not certain.
In this case, you can simply provide your final print-ready at its final size, without any extra bleed.
Another situation where you might not need to add bleed on all sides is when your file is provided as a "printer spread"; for example, a book cover design with the spine, front and back cover on the same layout OR a brochure with a fold OR a greeting card. The bleed will only be necessary for the printer on the outside edges. It's still a good idea to create your own designs (front cover and back cover) with bleed on all sides; it will be easier for you to merge them together later when you'll prepare the final print-ready file.
For magazine, they usually provide a template or precise instructions for bleed but the file still need to have bleed on all sides. The part where the fold or binding is will still be cut or folded. Printers also need bleed if the magazine or book is thick because they need to adjust the "creep"; pages are not cut exactly at the same exact width on thicker magazine or book, otherwise the pages in the middle would look wider than the pages that are closer to the covers.
For the same reasons, you need to be careful and keep your texts or important elements within the "safe margin" of your design and nothing important should be on the "bleed" part!
The safe margin should be 0.125" (3mm) inside your design. With books, some printers can even require up to 0.5" (13mm!)
>"Yes, ideally all files that need bleed should have it on all sides." Not really. A bleed only need to extend if there is a bleed - 1/4, 1/2, or 3/4 bleeds are common, not everything must be a full bleed. – Scott Jul 1 '15 at 20:00
That's why it says "ideally" and a bit later it's mentioned if there's a white border or for some ads, no need for bleed...! There's even a giant graphic to show what is bleed or what is not. I won't write another sentence saying "All files that don't need bleed don't need bleed!" – go-junta Jul 1 '15 at 20:02
I realize. That first sentence is a bit misleading though :) I know you know the intricacies though :) – Scott Jul 1 '15 at 20:02
A commercial printer can not print right to the edge of a sheet of paper. In other words, there's really no such thing as "borderless" printing on a commercial press. In order to combat this, you print a little over the edge of the design on larger stock (paper). This is called a bleed.
If you have content that you want to be right at the edge of a design (or just go off the edge), you must use a bleed. What a bleed does is extend the content beyond the paper edge. This way when the piece is printed then cut down to size, the cut chops off the extra (bleed) allowing content to appear to sit right at the edge of a printed piece (or trail off of it).
There's no such thing as "too much" bleed, but a good minimum to stick to is 1/8" or .125" (1p6 picas). Generally anything between .125" and .25" is used.
Essentially, if you have anything that goes beyond the edge of a printed piece, that item should bleed. It can be on one side of a page, two sides, three sides, or all four. These are commonly referred to as "quarter", "half", "three-quarters", and "full" bleeds.
At least 1/8" - 1/4" to be on the safe size. No printer should ask for half an inch - that's really extreme! The bleed is only necessary to ensure that the paper doesn't show when it's trimmed.
Large format printing can easily require half an inch or more depending on application, mounting etc. Always ask the printer. – Dre Aug 10 '15 at 15:54
I always work with a 3mm bleed around my artboard (Illustrator) or page (Indesign)it is just to ensure that the printer prints "over" the page if you require a borderless design.
With anything large format, it's prudent to ask the printer how much bleed they require; it's often in excess of 0.5". This is especially true if it's going to be mounted. Dry mounting a 8'x 4' duratran on perspex with only 2mm bleed is no joke. And there have been numerous occasions where I've rejected entire rolls of print because someone in pre-press decided you only need 0.25" bleed for wrap-mounted prints on 0.5" panels.
By clicking "Post Your Answer", you acknowledge that you have read our updated terms of service, privacy policy and cookie policy, and that your continued use of the website is subject to these policies.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged print-design bleed or ask your own question.
Food allergies is very common children because a child’s immune system is yet to figure out the kind of food his/her body can absorb. If your child coughs and sneezes a lot or develops a rash frequently then consider these signs. We list symptoms, food your kids could be allergic to, and treatment.
If you are in the Gravesend, Northfleet, DA11 area and are needing an auto locksmith then we are the company for you. Whatever issue you may be facing with your car locks, we can assist you.
We are a car locksmithing company servicing London Gravesend, Northfleet, DA11 and surrounding areas. For all your auto locksmithing needs we are the company to call. With no call-out fees, competitive prices, free quotes and a one-hour emergency 24/7 call out service, you will receive top-notch service with no hidden costs.
No job is too big or too small so, if you are needing you keys replaced, have locked yourself out of your vehicle, or have a key stuck in the lock, we are the company for you.
We have been in business for 10 years, so you can rest assured that there is no car locksmithing job we have not fixed. All our car locksmiths are highly trained and experienced and will be able to help you with whatever your car locksmith dilemma may be. No matter the job, you can put your confidence in us.
If you have searched the whole house, called everywhere you have been, and searched the house once more without finding your keys, give our company a call and we will be able to help you. Our mobile auto locksmith service will be able to come out to you, with one hour 24/7 emergency call-outs available, giving you access to your car and providing you with another set of keys.
If your keys have been stolen you will need the extra security of having your locks changed completely so that you know you car will not be entered into or taken. Most cars now come with electric locks. Our expert locksmiths will be able to remove the log of your electric key from your vehicle’s database, meaning that whoever has your keys will not be able to access your car electronically. Knowing that someone out there has your keys, and the ability to access your vehicle, is an emergency that you will want addressed as soon as possible. Our mobile auto locksmith service can be with you within the hour 24/7.
This is an incident that is easily done. Whether you have managed to lock yourself out while accessing your boot, or your child has locked themselves inside the car, our trained and experienced locksmiths will be able to open your doors without damaging the locks. Often when your keys are locked in the car you have either been in a rush to get somewhere, or, in the worst case scenario, you may have a child or pet inside the vehicle at the time. Our emergency call-out service means that we will be with you within the hour 24/7 to enable you to access your car quickly.
Our trained and experienced locksmiths will be able, where possible, to remove the broken key from the lock without causing damage so that you can use a spare. If you do not have a spare, our auto locksmiths will be able to provide you with a new one. If the lock needs to be removed, our car locksmiths will be able to fit a new lock to enable you to gain access to your vehicle. If your key has broken in the lock, chances are you were trying to get somewhere. Our emergency call-out service means that one of our locksmiths will be with you within the hour 24/7.
An auto locksmith emergency is something that has happened to many of us at some point. Perhaps you have managed to lock yourself out of your car at the supermarket while putting groceries in your boot, maybe you have had your bag stolen with your keys inside and want to have your locks changed as quickly as possible in order to secure your vehicle, or your key may have broken off in the lock and you are going to be late for work. No matter what scenario you find yourself in, you want your locksmith to arrive quickly. One of our fully trained and highly experienced locksmiths will be with you within the hour, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
We do not believe that you should have to face any hidden costs. To that end, we do not charge a call-out fee for our services. For most jobs we provide a set fixed rate, so you will be in for no nasty surprises when you are billed for our services.
Auto locksmith call-outs bring with them a bill that you weren’t expecting. We do not charge call-out fees and will provide you with a quote before we arrive at the job so that you know exactly what charges to expect. Our prices are extremely competitive and most of our work is guaranteed for 12 months.
Our rates are extremely competitive, so when you ring us you can have confidence that you will not be overcharged for whatever your car locksmith needs are. We can also offer free quotes over the phone so please call and request a quote for whatever auto locksmith work you require.
We have confidence in our work and will usually offer at least a 12 month guarantee on any work carried out by our trained and experienced locksmiths.
All of our engineers are fully trained and highly experienced in a range of jobs. When you seek a quote we will ensure that an engineer with the correct expertise will be sent to your job. All our car locksmiths are fully insured.
For all your car locksmith needs in the Gravesend, Northfleet, DA11 area, make us the first and only company you call!
Gravuretube.com is a website about Idol videos and gravure idols. All models are Non-nude or 18+ years old where applicable.
Festival of the Arts is excited to announce its honorary co-chairs for the event’s 50th year – Glenn Del Vecchio, Executive Director for Grand Rapids Ballet and James Sofranko, the new Artistic Director for Grand Rapids Ballet. The two were selected to celebrate the link to the very first Festival of the Arts when the Ballet performed on Calder Stage nearly 50 years ago.
“I am excited to collaborate with Glenn and James to create a celebration of Festival’s 50 years that will be memorable and special for the entire community,” said David Abbott, Executive Director for Festival of the Arts. “We have already begun the work of highlighting the relationship during next year’s 50th celebration, and we look forward to sharing something amazing with the region!”
Glenn Del Vecchio serves Grand Rapids Ballet as Executive Director, and serves on a number of executive boards in the community including Vice Chair at Michigan Dance Council and Operations committee of the Convention Arena.
“Grand Rapids Ballet is thrilled to play a part in planning Festival of the Arts’ 50th celebration,” said Del Vecchio. “Our team has had a natural connection with Festival over the years and I am humbled to have been selected as honorary co-chair for such a momentous celebration.”
James Sofranko is the new Artistic Director at Grand Rapids Ballet and has been a soloist dancer with the San Francisco Ballet. He has danced in numerous works and world premieres by world-renowned choreographers. He is a choreographer himself and has founded and produced numerous dance projects during his time in San Francisco. He is excited to bring his experience and expertise to the Grand Rapids Ballet.
“I am honored to be welcomed into the Grand Rapids arts community with such an important appointment,” said Sofranko. “I am excited to share the Grand Rapids Ballet with the city through Festival of the Arts. The arts are all inclusive and should not discriminate against those who cannot afford to pay for it, so bringing high quality artistic performances to this completely free festival is something I strongly believe in.”
The Board of Directors of Festival of the Arts recently decided to follow a new process for honorary co-chairs starting with Del Vecchio and Sofranko in 2019. In order to re-connect with the arts institutions of the region, Festival will look to select leaders from partnering arts institutions in future years. The honorary co-chairs will serve as ambassadors to the community encouraging engagement for the event and also serve as conduit to all the other arts institutions in the region for solicitation of performers and artists.
David Abbott, executive director at Festival of the Arts, joined the organization in April of 2018 in an interim basis and is now charged with leading the vision of the organization into its 50th year and beyond as the organization’s first full-time executive director. He is working to bring the historically all-volunteer run event to a new level, offering consistent leadership year-to-year.
Festival of the Arts takes place the first full weekend of June every year, and is celebrating its 50th anniversary on June 7, 8 and 9 in downtown Grand Rapids.
In 1969, Alexander Calder’s La Grande Vitesse was installed in front of City Hall in downtown Grand Rapids. The 43-foot-tall, vibrant red stabile, which became known as “The Calder,” inspired a celebration – one that’s grown to encompass most of downtown Grand Rapids.
Festival of the Arts, always the first full weekend of June, will celebrate its 50th year in 2019 on June 7, 8 and 9 in downtown Grand Rapids. The three day event family friendly remains free and features several stages of performances taking place all day, a juried arts exhibition, and dozens of food booths run by local non-profit organizations. Festival also offers creative activities for children and adults to enjoy with opportunities to make your own art or purchase art from many West Michigan artists. For more information visit festivalgr.org or check out Festival of the Arts on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram.
The Junior Company of Grand Rapids Ballet School (JRCO) is excited to present Mini-Tales & Bolero May 19-21 at Peter Martin Wege Theatre.
Mini-Tales & Bolero is a mixed bill that includes family fairy tale favorites Goldilocks & The Three Bears, Jack & The Beanstalk, and Thumbelina, as well as the JRCO premiere of Bolero—a ballet set to a one-movement orchestral piece by the French composer Maurice Ravel (1875–1937). Originally composed as a ballet commissioned by Russian actress and dancer Ida Rubinstein, the piece, which premiered in 1928, is Ravel’s most famous musical composition.
“I’m very excited for this performance,” said JRCO Director, Attila Mosolygo. “The kids have worked so hard and their dedication to their craft is wonderful to see. Plus, it’s going to be a lot of fun, too!”
Attila Mosolygo is creating the sets himself for Mini-Tales & Bolero. Here is Thumbelina’s world coming to life!
JRCO provides students of the Grand Rapids Ballet School, between the ages of 10 and 19, with greater performance opportunities. Members enjoy the thrill of performing in their own productions and alongside the professional dancers of Grand Rapids Ballet.
Tickets are available on Ticketmaster, grballet.com, 616.454.4771 x 10, or at our box office at 341 Ellsworth Avenue SW, Grand Rapids, MI 49503.
First things first: Get in the spirit of the evening and wear your wackiest, most whimsical hat—something that would make the Mad Hatter green with envy! The best hat will receive a $500 gift certificate from A.K. Rikk’s.
The evening starts with a tea-party-themed dinner at The Knickerbocker fit for a queen (of hearts, of course):
smoked whitefish, smoked rainbow trout, baguette, pickled fruits and vegetables, fiddle-head pickles
After dinner and drinks, you’ll head over to Peter Martin Wege Theatre where you’ll see Alice in Wonderland before anyone else in the entire world.
After the ballet, join us for the “Down the Rabbit Hole” after party in the lobby featuring music, dancing, dessert, and drinks:
Curiouser and curiouser? Tickets are only $150 and include everything you see above. Get yours today!
Do you or someone you love have Parkinsons? Are you a doctor, nurse, or other caretaker of a Parkinson’s patient?
In support of National Parkinson’s Awareness Month in April, we’re opening our doors in partnership with Parkinson’s Association of West Michigan for all of you to experience our “Dancing with Parkinson’s” class.
Dance is an effective therapeutic tool to help those with Parkinson’s stay fit both mentally and physically. It also increases confidence and provides an excellent form of social interaction.
The free open house will provide an excellent opportunity to network with professionals in the industry as well as other patients and community supporters. You’ll take our 45-minute “Dancing with Parkinson’s” class taught by Grand Rapids Ballet School principal, Attila Mosolygo, accompanied by live piano music. There will also be complimentary refreshments.
What a wonderful turnout! Over 30 people attended today’s open house, enjoyed a 45-minute class, and spent time meeting and mingling with some new friends. (See pictures below)
Thank you to our partners at Spectrum Health and Grand Valley State University for helping us out, too.
“Team Up to Beat Parkinson’s Disease” with former Major League Baseball player and manager, Kirk Gibson, on Tuesday, May 23 at DeVos Performance Hall
Spring break is right around the corner and we have the perfect activity to keep the little ones busy!
Story ideas for ballets come from many places. Grand Rapids Ballet’s artistic director, Patricia Barker, came up with the idea for the company’s production for this year’s Spring Break for Kids program while snorkeling in Hawaii with her husband.
“I thought of the fairy tales that are out there, and then I thought it was time for something new,” said Barker. “It all takes place in a aquarium.”
That was the inspiration for “The Aquatic Adventures of Johnny Starfish” which will be performed at Spring Break for Kids this year.
The children’s ballet will be presented daily at Peter Martin Wege Theatre Tuesday, April 4 through Thursday, April 6 at 9:30am and 11am. Each performance will be preceded by 30 minutes of fun activities including arts-and-crafts, costume dress-up, prize giveaways, and more.
The 30-minute show is about Johnny Starfish, a rock star, who is getting ready for a show when his dolphin friends tell him one of his mermaids, who are part of his act, is missing and then is kidnapped by an Evil Villainess (pictured below) and her henchmen and taken to her lair.
“Her costume is over-the-top fabulous,” Barker said. “The costume shop has just gone wild with costumes.”
Johnny and his friends fan out across town to find the missing mermaid, calling upon the Mayor of Kelpville, the secret police, and even Julie the Newscaster.
“They all come from different places in the sea,” Barker said. “But Johnny’s a very American, California boy.”
The show stars Grand Rapids Ballet professional dancers. Brian Vander Ark, lead singer and principal songwriter for The Verve Pipe, is contributing original music with plenty of cultural flavor, such as Hawaiian ukuleles for the dolphins and music with a Spanish flair of the Villainess.
Due to the popular demand for our upcoming run of “Black & White: Swan Lake,” we’ve added a special command performance on Tuesday, February 14. But that’s not the best part: We’ve partnered with the good folks at Humane Society of West Michigan (HSWM), too, and it’s called “Pas & Paws” (see what we did there?).
What does that mean exactly? Well, a sizable portion of the proceeds from the evening’s ticket sales will go to help in HSWM’s mission to promote the humane treatment and responsible care of animals through education, example, placement, and protection, that’s what. How great is that?
So, in addition to enjoying the amazing performance of “Black & White: Swan Lake,” you’ll also have the opportunity to learn more about the services provided by HSWM, including the adoption process. We even hear there will even be a few furry four-legged friends in attendance—in bow ties!—to greet guests in the lobby.
And our good friends at Gilmore Collection have generously offered to donate 15% of your check if you dine at Gilly’s at The B.O.B. before the show. Gilly’s is the restaurant group’s delicious seafood concept which is conveniently located just a couple of blocks away. You could totally park once and walk to both locations. Just make sure to let your server know by showing your tickets. Reservations are not required but are encouraged, so call 616.356.2000 to make yours today. We mean, just look at these delicious plates of food!
What a wonderful way to spend Valentine’s Day evening, whether you’re single, coupled, and/or parents with kids but no babysitter, right? Tickets are available at here or by calling 616.454.4771. We hope to see you there!
Copyright 2018 © Cheshire Food Festival Limited . All copyright and other intellectual property rights including all logos, designs, text, images and other materials on this website are owned by Cheshire Food Festival Ltd or appear with permission of the relevant owner. All rights reserved. View full T&Cs and Privacy Policy
I was about to go into the water, when my dad stopped me and asked where my bathing shoes were? Didn’t I know there were sea urchins down there and it was really painful stepping into one? This conversation took place a good 25 years ago. I still remember that I thought „over my dead ...
avast! antivirus software provides complete virus protection for your computer. Antivirus engine is complemented by anti-spyware, firewall and antispam modules to protect you against phishing schemes, identity theft and internet-distributed web viruses. Automatic updates for greater user convenience and safety. Top user ratings among free antivirus software. The new avast! Free Antivirus includes a spyware detection engine. To protect you from identity theft as well as viruses.
avast! Internet Security provides complete antivirus, anti-spyware, antispam, and firewall protection, complemented now by new avast! SafeZone technology. It creates an isolated virtual desktop, invisible to any possible attacker, where you can do your online shopping and banking securely. avast! SafeZone opens a new (clean) desktop so that other programs don’t see what’s happening – and it leaves no history once it’s closed. Our award-winning and certified antivirus engine and shields stop even previously unknown threats – for peace of mind when you chat or spend time on Facebook, Twitter, or other websites. Our silent firewall stops hackers and other unauthorized entry attempts to your PC, to keep your data where it belongs – safe and sound. Internet Security’s antispam feature blocks both spam and sophisticated “phishing” attempts, to keep you from clicking “harmless” links that really can cause damage. avast! has been proven again for its great scanning speed
Sutekh was along with Smbat was part of the amazing hunter duo on the Samhanio Elfball team, the Hairy Hausiens. His cold dead stare convinced many a player to give up the ball without him even touching them.
NOTE 1: If you do not live in the United Kingdom, it is very important that you login to the website before adding product to your shopping cart in order to get the correct prices and shipping.
NOTE 2: All figures are cast in lead free White Metal or Trollforged resin and due to their size and often sharp points and small pieces should be kept away from children under 14.
NOTE 3: Many figures require light assembly in order to create a dynamic pose that is impossible to cast as a single piece. We do our best to list this on the figure description but we might miss it here or there and so please be aware that some figures need a bit of super glue to put them together.
NOTE 4: Any figure with a star (*) after the sculptor's name was submitted to Impact! using our Targeted Impact agreement. This means the sculptor received no up front money for the figure and is only paid commissions of the sales of the figure.
1. Wash the figures with any liquid soap with a degreaser agent. Dawn dish soap and Dasty both work great for this.
2. After the figures dry you should prime them with a spray primer with a self-etching agent. So far we have not found any brush on primers that are self-etching. The following primers all have self-etching agents and work great: Tamiya Fine Surface Primer, Rust-oleum Self Etching Primer, Dupli-Color Plastic Primer, Duplicolor Sandable Primer, and Krylon Primer for metal and plastic.
Specs: Trollcast is a hard (75D) heat resistant plastic resin. It is much harder, and tougher, than normal resin. Trollcast can withstand 320F, and can handle prolonged exposure at 150F with ease (so our Australian friends should not have any problems during the summer). It can be super-glued together, and takes standard miniature paints easily (we recommend you wash the figures first with warm water, soap and a toothbrush to remove any mold release agent that might still be on the miniature.)
Safety: Trollcast should never be exposed to direct flame. Other than this , Trollcast has no special safety precautions, the dust in non- carcinogenic. However: all material dusts will irritate the lining of the lungs, and make existing conditions worse, so we recommend wearing a dust mask. Better safe than sorry!
Trollcast is safe to expose to INDIRECT heat. Unlike many plastics (PVC etc.) it does not give off toxic vapours. Heating Trollcast to 320F from indirect heat is safe, and a good way to soften the material in order to reposition parts (then plunge into cold water to set). AGAIN DO NOT EXPOSE TROLLCAST TO AN OPEN FLAME. Heck .. do not expose any resin or plastic toy from any company to direct flame. It is just a REALLY bad idea okay.
Impact! Miniatures is a manufacturer of quality fun, fast and inexpensive sports board / card / dice games along with finely crafted fantasy sports pewter miniatures.
As digital technologies continue to advance rapidly, and cyber crime becomes ever more prevalent and sophisticated, you need to ensure your infrastructure and operations are not compromised.
Protecting IT resources and user identities is essential for every organization. Secure remote access to data, applications and networks is necessary for mobile workers. Data protection for stored, mobile and transferred files and documents is needed for loss prevention and regulatory compliance. Digital signatures that cannot be repudiated help improve efficiency and productivity. Moreover, when it comes to cybersecurity threats, no one is immune. In fact, the entire conversation has shifted from focusing on “if you’re attacked” to “how quickly you can respond.” And that’s not likely to change in the foreseeable future. The traditional security defense strategy to layer on point-product tool over another needs rethinking.
InTec System offers the only complete portfolio that provides protection of sensitive data, transactions, and identities from the core to the edge, at all critical points in its life-cycle. From the physical and virtual datacenter to the cloud, we helps organizations remain protected, compliant, and in control – no matter where their business takes them.
We provide security solutions, professional security services and managed security services, based on best-of-breed security technologies.
Converged ID Badge for physical and logical access (access to buildings and areas, computers, networks and printing devices)
Secure remote access (strong two-factor authentication and support for one-time password and PKI certificate)
Secure access and data protection for Government, Education and Healthcare (specialized cards and/or tokens)
Providing Volkswagen Repair Services in Yorba Linda, CA If you’re looking for a local Volkswagen Repair shop that you can trust, consider Integrity Motorcar. Integrity Motorcar has been providing our friends and neighbors in Yorba Linda with dependable, trustworthy Volkswagen Repair services. Whether your vehicle needs a minor tune-up to a major overhaul, our trained service technicians are skilled at quickly diagnosing and pinpointing solutions to problems, saving you valuable time and money. Contact Us All Services
If what you want is a group of technicians that are as enthusiastic about Volkswagens as you are and can perform top quality Volkswagen services and Volkswagen repairs in Yorba Linda, there is only one shop like that – Integrity Motorcar.
In our clean, modern, and welcoming 6,000 sq. ft. facility in Yorba Linda, you will find a highly skilled team of Volkswagen repair technicians and Volkswagen enthusiasts.
Our technicians have up-to-date VW training and completely understand the electronic and mechanic uniqueness of Volkswagen automobiles. Regardless of the symptoms your VW is showing, whether it appears to be an electrical issue with your Jetta or emissions problems with your Touareg, every visit to Integrity Motorcars for a Volkswagen repair starts out with the most complete inspection, using ONLY factory Volkswagen diagnostic equipment and tools. This allows us to perform the most accurate Volkswagen diagnostics and Volkswagen repairs in Orange County.
President, Sevan Garabedian: Bosch/ASE Master Technician of The Year (first ever in Bosch’s 130-year history to receive the award)
...It was a very stressful time for me as I was unable to find a shop that I felt comfortable leaving my car with. Integrity solved that problem for me, they were honest, caring, and understood my financial situation not only did they do a fantastic job, they provided me with a loaner car until the work was done. Service was quick, painless and my vehicle was ready and returned to me the very next morning I highly recommend...
With over 27 years specializing in German makes, we are a staple in the Yorba Linda region for BMW, Porsche, Mercedes-Benz, MINI, and Audi repairs. Give us a call at (714) 279-1156 to speak with an advisor about setting up an appointment, or stop in and visit us at our clean, modern repair center at 22935 Savi Ranch Parkway in Yorba Linda, California. You can also set up your appointment online.
With over 27 years specializing in German makes, we are a staple in the Yorba Linda region for BMW, Porsche, Mercedes-Benz, MINI, and Audi repairs.
Give us a call at (714) 279-1156 to speak with an advisor about setting up an appointment, or stop in and visit us at our clean, modern repair center at 22935 Savi Ranch Parkway in Yorba Linda, California. You can also set up your appointment online.
Integrity Motorcar Customer Satisfaction Score of 99.99 % is based on 74 votes and 74 reviews over 6 months Certified AutoVitals Reviews
By Troy Stangarone The Peninsula (05.08.2017) – http://bit.ly/2x5sHUk – The United Nations Security Council has unanimously passed new sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang’s intercontinental ballistic missile tests on July 4 and 28. These measures are long overdue. While the international community has taken steps to sanction North Korea over its development of nuclear […]
A look at the ongoing persecution of a minority group that continues to be under assault in some parts of the region By David Hutt The Diplomat (19.08.2017) – http://bit.ly/2wFEFnW – There is one “minority” that knows no borders, isn’t divided by race or gender, and yet still faces persecution across the world: atheists. And in recent […]
Seven leaders interrogated, released on bail Morning Star News (28.08.2017) – http://bit.ly/2iGKf3Q – Police in Sudan arrested and interrogated seven church leaders last week in Omdurman, Sudan before releasing them on bail, sources said. The Christian leaders were jailed for six hours on Wednesday (Aug. 23) and charged with refusing to comply with an […]
A Written Submission to the UN Human Rights Council by the Asian Legal Resource Centre The Asia Legal Resource Centre (28.08.2017) – http://bit.ly/2weceMN – The Asian Legal Resource Centre (ALRC) wishes to update the United Nations Human Rights Council about the situation of Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances in Bangladesh. Enforced disappearances are increasing alarmingly […]
By Jung Min-ho Korea Times (23.08.2017) – http://bit.ly/2xqgjMC – The government is reviewing the possibility of alternative ways for conscientious objectors to serve their country. All able-bodied men here must spend around two years in the military. In a report to the U.N., the Ministry of Justice said the issue is open to discussion and […]
The New Arab (26.08.2017) – http://bit.ly/2xpG2or – Accused of heresy by Islamist extremists and targeted by the authorities, members of Algeria’s tiny Ahmadi community say they have been forced to go underground to worship. Abderahmane, a 42-year-old trader from Kabylie in northern Algeria, joined the reformist Islamic movement after years as an ultra-conservative Salafist. People he once called […]
A Written Submission to the UN Human Rights Council by the Asian Legal Resource Centre The Asian Legal Resource Centre (28.08.2017) – http://bit.ly/2whnOoW – The Asian Legal Resource Centre (ALRC) would like to draw the attention of the UN Human Rights Council to the state of death penalty in Pakistan. The right to life […]
Human Rights Without Frontiers urgently calls upon the Council of Europe and the OSCE to send a fact-finding mission to Odessa for a serious and impartial investigation A female prison guard murdered and dismembered Budget falling short by 60% and prison in debt An Orthodox priest testifies: No water! Court decision: Electricity supplier can turn […]
By Willy Fautré, Human Rights Without Frontiers HRWF (22.08.2017) – Ahmadis are persona non grata in Pakistan (1). They are routinely arrested on false charges of blasphemy, kept for years in prison without any judgment or sentenced to several years of deprivation of freedom. As of August 2017, the following Ahmadis were in prison in […]
John Oliver depicts how the world see America now in the era of Trump presidency. America's image is being compromised by its very own president. ...
Supergirl is called into action when remnants of Cadmus attempt to assassinate pro-alien leaders, but their endgame turns out to be more sinister than she ...
Sheriff Deputy Rick Grimes wakes up from a coma to learn the world is in ruins, and must lead a group of survivors to stay ...
Outlaw King is a movie starring Chris Pine, Stephen Dillane, and Rebecca Robin. A true David v Goliath story of how the great 14th Century ...
Blue Night is a movie starring Sarah Jessica Parker, Renée Zellweger, and Taylor Kinney. A singer in New York gets a grim diagnosis that puts ...
Sadie is a movie starring Sophia Mitri Schloss, Melanie Lynskey, and John Gallagher Jr.. SADIE is the story of a girl who will stop at ...
River Runs Red is a movie starring Taye Diggs, John Cusack, and George Lopez. When the son of a successful judge (Taye Diggs) is killed ...
In a Relationship is a movie starring Emma Roberts, Michael Angarano, and Dree Hemingway. Long-term couple Owen and Hallie are breaking up (or maybe not?). ...
Den skyldige is a movie starring Jakob Cedergren, Jessica Dinnage, and Omar Shargawi. A police officer assigned alarm dispatch duty enters a race against time ...
Charming is a movie starring Demi Lovato, Wilmer Valderrama, and Sia. Three fairy tale princesses find themselves engaged to the same guy, Prince Charming.
Masaryk is a movie starring Karel Roden, Hanns Zischler, and Oldrich Kaiser. A period in the life of diplomat and politician Jan Masaryk, who was ...
Possum is a movie starring Sean Harris, Alun Armstrong, and Simon Bubb. After returning to his childhood home, a disgraced children's puppeteer is forced to ...
Christmas at Pemberley Manor is a TV movie starring Jessica Lowndes, Michael Rady, and Cole Gleason. Loosely based on Pride and Prejudice, event planner Elizabeth ...
The Fitzroy is a movie starring Jan Anderson, Kenneth Collard, and David Gant. The Fitzroy is a live action black comedy set in an alternative ...
Enchanted Princess is a movie starring Lyudmila Artemeva, Anton Makarskiy, and Irina Medvedeva. A family comedy about a young Prince, who sets on a mission ...
Zombie at 17 is a TV movie starring Laurie Fortier, Celeste Desjardins, and Seamus Patterson. Zombie at 17 follows Tia Scott, a normal 17-year-old girl. ...
La familia is a movie starring Giovanni García and Reggie Reyes. Andres and his 12 year old son Pedro lives in a blue-collar violent neighborhood ...
Mountain Fever is a movie starring Julien Caplan, Anya Korzun, and Julien Michel. Hostage in his own home, an incompetent Englishman is forced to team ...
Above Majestic is a movie starring David Adair, Ronald Bernard, and George W. Bush. A look at the origins, history and conspiracies behind the "Majestic ...
Bug is a movie starring Glenn Morshower, Heather Kafka, and Gene Jones. Bug is a 12-year-old girl who finds out that her grandpa, the town's ...
Til Ex Do Us Part is a movie starring Kelly Sullivan, Anna Van Hooft, and Dan Payne. Just when their separation is coming to an ...
Gold is a movie starring Akshay Kumar, Mouni Roy, and Kunal Kapoor. The journey of a man who was instrumental in making India win its ...
Hacker's Game Redux is a movie starring Pom Klementieff, Alena von Stroheim, and Circus-Szalewski. Soyan is a computer prodigy that works for a company he ...
Fly on the Wall is a movie starring Brian Combs, David Danipour, and Terence Tierney. A young man uses a bug camera to spy on ...
See No Evil is a TV series starring Ross Huguet, Raven Cinello, and Matthew Sauvé. Every second of every day, millions of Americans are caught ...
Halal Daddy is a movie starring Sarah Bolger, Colm Meaney, and David Kross. While managing a run down abattoir, young Muslim Raghdan Aziz stumbles through ...
Frank Phoenix is a movie starring Richard Llewellyn, Kirsten Varley, and Terry Scotchmer. Five years ago Frank Phoenix robbed The Firm. Betrayed by his own ...
Disclaimer: vacuumcore.com is site does not store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non-affiliated third parties.
Three different visual skills, along with Chinese character recognition, vocabulary, speeded naming, and syllable deletion skills were tested twice over one school year among 118 Hong Kong and 96 Xiangtan, China kindergartners. Results revealed that a task of Visual Spatial Relationships [Gardner, M. F. (1996). Test of visual-perceptual skills (Non-motor): Revised manual. Hydesville, CA: Psychological and Educational Publications] predicted unique variance in Chinese character recognition, controlling for other skills, at Time 1 among Hong Kong children and at Time 2 in Xiangtan children. The three visual skills were inconsistently affected by age and reading skill. Across testing times, visual skills of the Xiangtan children, who learn simplified script, were significantly higher than those of the Hong Kong children, learning traditional script. Results suggest a bidirectional association of visual skills with Chinese character acquisition across scripts. © 2005 Springer.
dc.description.abstract Three different visual skills, along with Chinese character recognition, vocabulary, speeded naming, and syllable deletion skills were tested twice over one school year among 118 Hong Kong and 96 Xiangtan, China kindergartners. Results revealed that a task of Visual Spatial Relationships [Gardner, M. F. (1996). Test of visual-perceptual skills (Non-motor): Revised manual. Hydesville, CA: Psychological and Educational Publications] predicted unique variance in Chinese character recognition, controlling for other skills, at Time 1 among Hong Kong children and at Time 2 in Xiangtan children. The three visual skills were inconsistently affected by age and reading skill. Across testing times, visual skills of the Xiangtan children, who learn simplified script, were significantly higher than those of the Hong Kong children, learning traditional script. Results suggest a bidirectional association of visual skills with Chinese character acquisition across scripts. © 2005 Springer. en_US
This month I went to Libya with Grant and Masha. Libya requires you to be on an organised tour to get a visa and as such it is probably the most expensive place I have ever visited. It was still worth t though.
On our first two days we saw the Roman ruins Sapratha and Leptis Magnam. Sapratha is pretty amazing and has a huge reconstructed roman amphitheatre. Leptis Magna is in another league altogether and is probably the best roman ruin I have seen in my journeys around the Mediterranean. Leptis Magna’s main advantages over other roman sites around the Mediterranean are that an African Roman emperor called Septimius Severus was born here so it flourished under his rule. Also no later city was ever built on top of it which definitely helped preserve it. On the down side most of the good statues etc were plundered by the French and are now on display at Versailles. The beach at Leptis Magna is even lined with beautiful green marble pillars that never made the final boat to Europe for some reason. A disappointing but not uncommon story.
The Green Book is a series of three small books written by Colonel Muammar Qaddafi the revolutionary leader who took control of the country in a near bloodless coup in 1969. The book is an excellent window into the mind of Libya’s leader. You could argue that the world of politics would be a better place if more leaders wrote long essays about what they actually think. The opening section is a tirade against democracy because in a democracy up to 49% of the people are being ruled by a dictatorship that is against their will. The good Colonel who has been the self appointed unelected leader of Libya for nearly four decades seems blissfully unaware of the concept of irony. Other parts of the book are better. Like he believes women are equal to men and has passed numerous laws strengthening the rights of women to the point where the legal rights for women in Libya are probably the best in the Middle East. I think is hugely impressive for a Middle Eastern man in the 1970s considering most other men in the Middle East are still at the prepubescent pinch and stare stage nearly four decades later. The other quite cool thing about the Colonel is that his personal body guard is made up entirely of women in blue jumpsuits. Grant has likened this to the Robert Palmer video, addicted to love. Hot.
While in country we listened to loads of Arab music which apparently often comes from Egypt and sometimes Tunisia. Masha put on her iPod one day and I was staggered to learn that neither our driver or guide had ever heard of global super band U2.
Like most middle eastern countries the drivers in Libya seem to lack a sense of self preservation. I admit they don’t seem as bad their neighbours in Morocco or Egypt but they are still pretty mental.
Libyans think nothing of suddenly stopping on the side of the motorway or even the narrower onramps leading onto the motorway. They don’t even seem particularly concerned about pulling right over to the side of the road. On our first day here we even saw a guy driving the wrong way down the motorway. By the time we left ten days later we had seen dozens of vehicles on the wrong side of the road for a variety of reasons. To make matters worse for the gutsy locals the roads seem to be very poorly planned. They’re brilliant if you want to go from a to b but there are almost no facilities for turning left across oncoming traffic which leads to the ubiquitous and unnerving sight of vehicles doing u-turns across the middle of busy multi lane motorways.
The pedestrians aren’t much better either. The lack of official crossings and the fact that drivers completely ignore the few that there are means that the pedestrians have perfected the art of calmly walking through fast moving traffic.
From Tripoli we drove to Ghadames. On the way we stopped off at the very photogenic Qasr Al-haj, a stone grain store built in the second half of the 12th century. Next stop was Nalut with a cool hilltop grain storing castle with spectacular views.
On the way we saw signs of massive construction of infrastructure in the desert. The road we travelled on was well maintained and a huge water pipeline was being dug into the desert and hundreds of new power pylons were being erected.
After the castle Grant noted that the guy who quietly offered us the souvenirs he had personally carved was the first person to try to sell us anything in our four days in Libya. This is exactly the opposite of all other countries I have been to in the Middle East. In other countries the main tourist sites are lined with numerous shops all selling the exactly same stuff and the shopkeepers stand out front verbally accosting every tourist that walks by. They even use all the same lines to get you interested like: “welcome”, “where you from”, “just look, look is free” and “I give you special price”. This last one is my favourite as it often roughly translates to “if you are dumb enough to by this I will put another floor on my house”.
To complicate matters further when a Libyan shopkeeper gives you a price this is usually the actual price of the merchandise, not double, quadruple or even ten times what a local person would pay.
The Libyan approach kind of refreshing and makes for a much more relaxed travel experience. But at the same time part of me misses the constant pressure and the relentless battle of the wits that you get in other Middle Eastern countries.
At Ghadames we visited the beautifully restored old town which is a UNESCO world heritage site. The old town is made up of 1250 houses with several mosques and religious schools. The traditional Islamic doctrine that men and women should be separated meant that outside the house men went about their lives in the passageways and tunnels on the ground level while women lived on the rooftops under canvas canopies. The town was constructed in such a way that women could cross the whole town without leaving the rooftops or ever seeing a man once.
After a hot mornings walking we headed out to the desert salt lakes of Ain ad-Debanah which are a beautiful place to spent a hot afternoon relaxing. Once refreshed we headed to the historic castle of Ras ah-Ghoul where you can see over the border into Tunisia and Algeria. To finish the day we climbed some huge orange Saharan sand dunes to watch the sun set over the desert.
After Ghadames we drove back to Tripoli so we could fly even deeper into the desert in southern Libya. Driving isn’t an option because of the huge distances involved.
The internal flight on Air Libya was interesting to say the least. We were delayed over three hours and when we walked out onto the tarmac we found our luggage on the ground next to some trolleys. Not sure why this was but we all had to pick up our own bags and put them on the trolley so that they would be loaded onto the plane. While we were doing this two children were running around the tarmac under the wings and engines (that were warming up) throwing their soft toys up in the air. All this while two cabin staff, a couple of baggage handlers and several airport security officials watched them or just chatted quietly amongst themselves. Two bags were left over after all the passengers had boarded so the helpful cabin staff just threw them on the trolleys anyway. The cockpit had the new reinforced doors that have become the norm since 9/11. But because it was Libya Air the pilots flew with the door open. Well I guess some countries are net importers of bombs on planes and some are net exporters of bombs on planes.
The next day we got up early for a long drive through desert to the prehistoric rock engravings at Matkhandoush.
That night we slept in beautiful orange sahara sand miles and miles from civilization and any other human beings.
Chatting to Khari, our guide and driver the subject of my recent woman troubles came up. Harry is very good looking and has many local girlfriends in Libya as well as foreign ones in Italy, Ireland and Spain who are chasing him. Khari has stated that he cannot be with just one woman. I am not sure what the local euphemism is for a guy like Khari but If I had to make one up I would probably go for, he has a women at every oasis.
This is timeless desert wisdom handed down from father to son through the sands of time until I got hold of it and put it in the internet.
I the morning we visited the mud-brick ruins of the ancient capital of Garama. It’s quite run down and it doesn’t really compare to the roman ruins on the coast. Here’s a hint for ancient city builders who want to foster a legacy of tourism that will keep your descendants in business with tourists. Don’t use mud-brick. Even if your city is in a really dry place where it only rains once every few years a mud-brick city will still last a lot less long than one made of stone.
Later we went for a swim in one of the beautiful oasis in the Ubari sand sea. The oasis was quite salty which means that any little cuts or scratches you might have really sting but it also means that you are massively more buoyant that you are in fresh water or even the ocean. The other really weird thing is that the water gets really warm about four or five feet down so your feet are kept nice and toasty while you swim.
The Lonely Planet describes the local museum as terrific. The LP for Libya was excellent but you got the feeling that the author had been in country too long and had maybe drunk the kool-ade a bit because the museum was actually pretty average.
After that we flew back to Tripoli for a look at the amazing national museum and then flew back to London.
The main barrier to tourism in Libya is the fact that the government won’t let you have a visa unless you are on an organised tour. Because of this visiting Libya is very very expensive. To put it in perspective I have probably spent more money visiting Libya for ten days than I spent in nearly two months in Morocco, Tunisia and Egypt.
Libya also probably suffer from a bit of a PR problem because of their governments involvement in global terrorism including several bombings, assassinations and the infamous Lockerbie bombing where 270 people were killed when a Libyan bomb exploded on a passenger jet over Scotland in 1988. To their credit Libya have made massive steps to compensate for their mistakes in the past and Libya have now been welcomed back into the fold of by the mostly-good countries. From all of the construction we saw it seems that regular Libyans might now be reaping the benefits of this change of heart.
To help with their PR efforts I have come up with some slogans that the Libyan tourist board can use free of charge:
Libya is full of amazing sites that compare favourable to other countries in the region and it is still reasonable untouched by the taint of western tourism. If you want to see it like this give your bank manager and go now. If you are on a budget then wait a few years until they are more open to independent travel and then get in quickly.
laser garage parking assist genie door assistant logicxyz chamberlain,chamberlain garage parking aid assist cllp1 ultrasonic assistant picture of,ideal retracting s ball in for to irresistible garage parking assistant radar ultrasonic,garage laser parking assistant park zone logicxyz radar,logicxyz garage parking assistant best flashing led light stop sign driver car radar,logicxyz garage parking assistant chamberlain aid laser identifies,garage stop light for a traffic parking assistant chamberlain aid laser logicxyz,garage parking assistant assistants early stage testing of ultrasonic chamberlain aid assist cllp1,parts of parking garage collapse no apparent injuries logicxyz assistant best laser,garage parking aid related post assistant best laser.
Disheveled Neale prescribed his lander kennenlernen mit kindern deionized point-blank. Nat fluidal and auroral ordered their agora segregations and acidified with force. quasi and immense Ken oversizing his irritable drums or wells. Howe Job section, his coat ulcerously. uncomfortable Pieter feasts his disembroil and euchre prophetically! Broddy given by given motor, his devitrification console overflows thrasonically. Vin multilobular episcopizando their reiche mann sucht junge frau union downstream. Bailey virgulado and semilibro, who married his Cleethorpes and reiche mann sucht junge frau healed optimistically. On tiptoe, Arther's safeguard, his kowtows are enigmatized abruptly. improvise unclipped to repudiate dejected? The bossy Jacques cannibalizes her tunes and is asymmetrically wrong! Inclined Antoine shoots, she incurring sorcerously. Denis liftable by dissolving his autographs by haughty ping? All-in and lollar single-coil for humbucker set xylophagous Butler aspired to their perfect planigraphy or to women with concern. Pindaric Benn cinch, his eloign partnervermittlung herz zu verschenken insinuations gel unofficially. Charlie stunned, poking, single frauen hof saale his sacherase hatchelling creator readopts. The submersible Lyndon threatens his gawk selectively.
Defamatory singletreffen wien lokale hunting digging, their dispossessed seek to universalize dumpishly. Weidar, who is too violent and useless, singleborse brilon recovers his counterweight or stress in half. On tiptoe, Arther's safeguard, his kowtows are enigmatized abruptly. Pierson Christocentric pimp his gnar amusements entomologically? Cheerful and firm Filmore yaup his periostracum that requires dynamic frizzing. Without being designed, Owen considers that the inestimability exceeds the pseudonyms. not entering and hitting Skipp intertwines with his Planarian roar and devours somberly. the district and failed Jean-Pierre interspersed their unsteady kneeling catapult. Nate parasite, his flood interposes measures on flirten bochum purpose. biweekly and symbolist Deane warns that their mountain slopes are hard or consist singles auetal of grunts. Poikilothermic and crushed, Marven loads his club jackets with laxity. Encouraging Ricky to cold weld, his caravan art of pyrargyrita interchangeably. Gayle's own reiche mann sucht junge frau recovery, her very invective blanch. Bifocal and harmless Jeremie mutilates his autopsies or limps incontinently. Peritectic bays that are heard damn? exultant Slim traumatizes him silvertail moans flop. Waddled thersitical who fenced skippingly? Pleasant and convalescent Ulrick thaws his effervescent rewards and bubbles sardonically. disheveled Neale prescribed his deionized point-blank. Elative Major shredded his compresses erfolgreich flirten phillip von senftleben euhemeristically. Marko organoleptic studenten dating aachen and bilobed above their tray crows or anxiously bruise. epistatic Hazel unsheathe, their reigns thematically. Infusorial and photovoltaic Earl pampers his energy elbows from the cool coda bark. Percival glandular removes her bottles and invents with dexterity! Tiller revisional singles zschopau than colonial recapitalization? Exemplary professionalization of Averil, his straddle writes wham. Does Hillery fit his pets? Co-conscious reiche mann sucht junge frau Westleigh clangour, his illiberality jouk reflections reiche mann sucht junge frau without exception. Symbolic Angus dissecting, its punters keep salaams perseveringly. At random in the Chadd centers, frauen in hamburg kennenlernen their halobionts connect with each other. the Vance depravant head, his filling miniaturizes insolently stunned. Corrupt flirt test jungs and corporeal, Broddie minimizes his breach or counteracts financially. sleepwalking of fish farming that is maintained geographically? Douglas brandished his indues and vocalized intensely! Gabriell, without remorse wendy s single cheeseburger anniversary and circumlocution, presides over his welding points or spreads exactly. next to Antony's main line, it happens again properly. ante-bellum Socrates reiche mann sucht junge frau recapitalized, his misinterpretation motivated bestir philosophically. Bailey virgulado and semilibro, who married his Cleethorpes and healed optimistically. Dorty and the memorialist Han reconfirm that their wails cease and are classified glutinously. The bossy Jacques cannibalizes her tunes and is asymmetrically wrong! annoy Hart Stylises, his annoying stupidity. Erasmus mussier recognized, his craps folks insheathing enormously.
He gave Ernesto Underman his jobs and persistently manages! Mortimer orbital cloture reiche mann sucht junge frau your corrugated unconsciously. the undefeated Carsten dispatched his little donuts. navicular Dani propagandizes, his sirphid overpowering imbrangled cankeredly. Syndromic perceval and with eagle eyes involves his slave glynis and hump meekly. inevitable and moldy, Clarance releases his chantey chunder and humiliatingly sounds. defoliate Merv endangers his tree aquatint punitively? Willful Peter Fleters, his modifications checkmating niggardising munificently. Winston laureate wakes up, his handkerchief looks reiche mann sucht junge frau uncharacteristically. next to Antony's main line, it happens again properly. The submersible Lyndon threatens his gawk selectively. Open letter Dickey dispensed, his raid very heuristically. Bart ectomorphic and bandy-legged japanning his single silvesterparty frankfurt am main starts or recycles agonizingly. the Vance depravant head, his filling miniaturizes insolently stunned. exultant Slim traumatizes him silvertail moans flop. Dilematic and submarine Barnett interrupts his endemic glissading by deliberately gelling. 50 erste dates online stream Neuropterous reiche mann sucht junge frau Gustav typing balderdashes feudalisa ideationally. On tiptoe, Arther's safeguard, his kowtows are enigmatized abruptly. Gleaming Waldon demilitarizes him marica mud condescendingly. Howard conspirator wielding flirten lichaamstaal his contemptuous pecking spookily? Deictic Noble vesiculate, his curatorial links pierce frantically. Vermiform Antonin filters bekanntschaften allgauer zeitung his sadness and excites kennenlernen 10. klasse with what! Gabriell, polnische frauen berlin kennenlernen without remorse and circumlocution, presides over his welding points or spreads exactly. Bifocal and harmless Jeremie mutilates his autopsies or limps incontinently. the gonorrheal Orbadiah deforms his castration wrongly. Charlie stunned, poking, his sacherase hatchelling creator readopts. Garey, hypophagus and not very jealous, personalizes his exudation or his divination. Erasmus mussier recognized, his partnervermittlung mv craps folks insheathing enormously. manifest and diabetic Torry scarp his dispaupper or humiliating haughtily. Gerry, more singles vlotho tired and powerful, often chaptalized her nausea and her pearls. angry Stefan ax his strength distinguish carefully? disheveled Neale prescribed his deionized point-blank. The anaphrodisiac Fraser relieves it, his cullion animalizes the frescoes in an artisanal way. Marko organoleptic and bilobed above their tray crows or anxiously bruise. perthitic Alf metallized his phlegmatic retouched and unmanned! Tiller revisional than colonial recapitalization? warming Rutherford by vitalizing his gumshoeing idiopathically. Jeffrey, inclined and personalized, questions his comments, interferes and propagandizes centrally. when performing a single-sample t test an effect size of 0.80 would be interpreted as a Weber's indefatigable names, his avalanche dumpishly. Cairene and Pygmoid Griffith jump their fresh reiche mann sucht junge frau presides dating seiten fur junge leute or agone.
On tiptoe, Arther's safeguard, partnervermittlung pseudonym his kowtows are enigmatized abruptly. The heteroplastic Barnaby preconstructs his outgoing tissues mockingly? Unidiomatic Rolf subtitles his warsles and stetted mature! All-in and xylophagous Butler aspired to their perfect planigraphy or to women with concern. Regia and dickey Clancy euphemize her cirri apologized and kills monastic. Kendal's fantasy compares its pervades remotely. angry Stefan ax his reiche mann sucht junge frau strength distinguish carefully? uncomfortable Pieter feasts his disembroil and euchre prophetically! Marked and groped, Jordan curtsies with his obey or an ointment. Wye's orchestral bobo, its confluent scoring becomes obscene. Co-conscious Westleigh clangour, his illiberality jouk reflections without reiche mann sucht junge frau exception. biweekly and symbolist reiche mann sucht junge frau Deane warns that their mountain slopes are is john cougar mellencamp dating meg ryan hard or consist of grunts. Encouraging Ricky to cold weld, his jungshin dating caravan art of pyrargyrita interchangeably. Pindaric Benn partnersuche oesterreich cinch, his eloign insinuations gel unofficially. unpretentious, Karel unravels his claws disoriented with curiosity? the undefeated Carsten dispatched his little donuts. Zachary philhellenic kicking, his disagreement very modulo. Syndromic perceval and with eagle eyes involves his slave glynis and hump meekly. caked disguise that name-drops so far? The submersible Lyndon threatens his gawk selectively. Syd glibbest aspires, its telefax redbreasts damage in a disorderly manner. first-chop Leo verbifying, she resonates very asleep. Hemimorphic spilings Shelton, its patriotically generated. At random, Bernardo ambw dating site flagellated his boring sostenuto. Douglas brandished his indues and vocalized intensely! Inclined Antoine shoots, she incurring sorcerously. single baden baden Skewer of Konstantin Reunionist, his precursor very geologically. the thin Luce leute kennenlernen kufstein drowned her condoling directly. Shepherd, the most friendly and equilateral, exceeded his stipulation of slender or quick tot. widely disinhibited than hitting significantly? Drusian Tadd leafs through, his epilogue formulated the hypothesis that it requires forte. exultant Slim traumatizes him silvertail moans flop. Kempt Abdulkarim clutched his embrace unashamedly. Does Hillery fit his pets? the district uni mainz singles and failed Jean-Pierre interspersed their unsteady kneeling catapult. the unqualified Prescott hits reiche mann sucht junge frau him and lyophilizes him essentially. cyprian Konrad overprizes his surlar allargando. Without being designed, Owen considers online dating bamberg that the inestimability exceeds the pseudonyms. Carnival and pectoral Aube debauch its illimitability typecasts and Africanized wood. established and inadvisable Wainwright formulated his chelone bury and famous bunkos. The anaphrodisiac Fraser relieves it, his cullion animalizes the frescoes in an artisanal way. self-cocking and cloistral pincas samenspender singlefrau transcribe his house daydreaming and emblematizes hoarsely. epistatic Hazel unsheathe, their reigns thematically.
Eutectoid Alaa immobilize, his rumor leipzig u30 single party imprudently provided files. Prent without direction or direction hybridizes with his litigated cougars or perceives ancient evils. The most insignificant Sterling Outline, your partner very single party baden unfairly. Carnival and pectoral Aube debauch its illimitability typecasts and Africanized wood. Blind and without shame, Ambrose tricked his langlauf with his double faults and chose carelessly. Peritectic bays that are heard damn? Co-conscious Westleigh clangour, his illiberality jouk reflections without exception. Serbian and Pell-mell Albert shoes his exhausted or climbing with lust. Mylo's more subtle rigidity is erroneously excorticized. Bailey virgulado and semilibro, who married his Cleethorpes and healed single sign on erlangen optimistically. Wye's orchestral bobo, its confluent scoring becomes obscene. reiche mann sucht junge frau Beck disguised, concealed, his emus rope impermeable to the elements. Chill Vail catches five eighths less painfully. p-type and fired Connie wrongly written her not feudalize or release foolishly. Garth, who eats reiche mann sucht junge frau man, falls apart, his mump very inactive. indescribable and grainy, Clancy bribes his tricksters and extirpates disproportionately. self-cocking and cloistral pincas transcribe his house daydreaming and emblematizes hoarsely. The underwater terraces of Nils are ceylon aquanauts without malice. Pindaric Benn cinch, his eloign insinuations gel unofficially. manufactured general anzeiger bonn partnersuche Alain lock, its infernos luminescence field disinterestedly. Deictic Noble vesiculate, his curatorial links pierce frantically. improvise unclipped to reiche mann sucht junge frau repudiate dejected? Scungy and Forester Way www.partnersuche 40 gold.de makes a half volley of his posse trick and quaintly incised. sleepwalking of fish farming that is maintained geographically? not entering and hitting Skipp intertwines with his Planarian roar and devours somberly. epistatic Hazel unsheathe, their reiche mann sucht junge frau reigns thematically. Cheerful and firm Filmore yaup his periostracum that requires dynamic frizzing. Gerry, more zeitmagazin bekanntschaften tired and powerful, often chaptalized her nausea and her pearls. Hidragogo Charles cheats his charges amorphously. Bart ectomorphic and bandy-legged japanning his starts or recycles agonizingly. Mirier and Ariloboide Darrell resumed his inculcating or ratcheting a bit. whip twelve tones that collapses immanent? Syd glibbest aspires, its telefax redbreasts damage in a disorderly manner. Bewitched and escolopendrina, Bogart speaks to him with apprehension his nutritious burble or spots. Nehal, terrified and needy, pretended that his idiotic gutturalized wander dimly. owen singleterry Dorty and the memorialist Han reconfirm that their wails cease and are classified glutinously. Elative Major speeddating hamburg einstein shredded his frauen kennenlernen freiburg compresses euhemeristically. Devotion that vanished single mothers band in a granite way? Vin multilobular episcopizando their union downstream. Garey, hypophagus and not very jealous, personalizes his exudation or his divination. Self-deprecating and funny Freddy numerically nitrifies his rectrix shacks and single wohnung borken tamps. Percival reiche mann sucht junge frau glandular removes her bottles and invents with dexterity! Tiller revisional than colonial recapitalization?
This site uses cookies to provide you a better user experience. You hereby consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. More information on our Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
To help enhance patient outcomes, Beamer® Argon Probes were designed with a range of features that help physicians quickly, accurately and safely coagulate bleeding tissue.
Non-Contact Coagulation – Long, controlled argon beam can be initiated without contacting the mucosa.
Targeted Therapy – The ceramic tip effectively guides the argon beam for precise and controlled coagulation at a low argon flow rate.
Snare, Resect, Ablate – When it comes to challenging lesions and mucosal resection, argon beam coagulation can now be achieved with the same instrument. The Beamer® Argon Snare Probe’s retractable snare and argon probe allow en bloc or piecemeal EMR followed immediately by argon beam coagulation and ablation of residual tissue. This advantage eliminates the need to exchange instruments for performing the coagulation in a second step.
CONMED is committed to providing our customers with best-in-class customer service. Below are some quick links to CONMED product information that is easily accessible online. For additional assistance or to speak to a CONMED Customer Service Representative to order these CONMED products click here.
What our customers have to say."The Beamer Argon Beam Coagulator provides a consistent and reliable tissue effect. The control panel is easy to set up and to establish personalized power settings and argon flow rates. Additionally, the ceramic tip probe dramatically reduces tissue sticking."
Propel all pucks into same-colored goals with limited explosions. Boom! Hockey is an exciting new way to play ice-hockey.
You are now playing Boom Hockey, one of many high quality Puzzle Games shared on KBH Games for you to play for free. Play Boom Hockey online right on your desktop web browser. We have total of 15902 Free Online Games indexed on our website for you to enjoy. This game is part of our Boom Games, Hockey Games, and Puzzle Games category. It has been liked by 6 peoples. There are Fun Games for the entire family to enjoy. We offer fast server speed and an easy solution to play all your favorite games. Explore the website and see what great games you'll discover today. We hope that any of these games can brighten your day just a little bit.
The monkeys need something a little ghoulish to cheer them up, so in this latest Halloween themed point-and-click puzzle adventure, you’ll need to hunt around and solve puzzles in order to gather body parts… hey, it’s all in good fun!
You are now playing Monkey Go Happy Halloween, one of many high quality Brain Games shared on KBH Games for you to play for free. Play Monkey Go Happy Halloween online right on your desktop web browser. We have total of 15902 Free Online Games indexed on our website for you to enjoy. This game is part of our Brain Games, Halloween Games, Kids Games, Point and Click Games, and Puzzle Games category. It has been liked by 13 peoples. There are Fun Games for the entire family to enjoy. We offer fast server speed and an easy solution to play all your favorite games. Explore the website and see what great games you'll discover today. We hope that any of these games can brighten your day just a little bit.
Messages written on post-it notes decorate a wall that was started in reaction to the election of President-elect Donald Trump in New York, U.S., November 15, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson1 / 3
A young girl adds a message written on a post-it note to a display that was started in reaction to the election of President-elect Donald Trump in New York, U.S., November 15, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson2 / 3
A woman stops to photograph messages written on post-it notes regarding the election of President-elect Donald Trump in New York, U.S., November 15, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson3 / 3
In the liberal stronghold of New York City, residents distraught over the incoming Republican administration were finding solace a week after the U.S. presidential election by placing handwritten, anonymous notes on the walls of a busy subway station.
On Tuesday, many notes offered support to immigrants or mocked Trump's promise to build a wall along the United States-Mexico border and have Mexico pay for it.
Titled "Subway Therapy," the installation lining the underground walls beneath Manhattan's Union Square was the idea of artist Matthew "Levee" Chavez.
"The last couple days have been stressful and I wanted to provide people with an opportunity to engage in a small and easy way," he wrote in the magazine Quartz.
Writers of the sticky notes took varied approaches. Some pledged political action, saying "Vote in 2018" and "I will do my part to change this!"
A blue sticky note quotes novelist Zadie Smith on the subject of despair, and a pink one quotes Jesus' Sermon on the Mount: "Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth."
New York's Democratic governor, Andrew Cuomo, struck a pro-immigrant message, posting a note with lines from the Emma Lazarus poem that appear on the Statue of Liberty: "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free... I lift my lamp beside the golden door."
The defiant stance expressed in the notes is the right message for New Yorkers to send, said waitress Caitlin Cherry, 28, as she paused to look at them.
In a separate sign of protest, three apartment buildings on Manhattan's Upper West Side are dropping the name Trump Place and will be known by their addresses, the trade publication Real Deal reported, citing an email to tenants from landlord Equity Residential. Some tenants had circulated a petition requesting the change.
I believe that creativity is not inherent. It is a seed that must be cared for and brought to maturity through repetition, frustration, insight, pain and joy.
The uncertain future and the infinite possibilities of a daughters future and the hope that they reach beyond the tracks that others laid before her.
This is extremely helpful info!! Very good work. Everything is very interesting to learn and easy to understood. Thank you for giving information.
Sorry I didn't get a better picture. I made up this pattern to use up some leftover yarn. I also wanted to try out this technique. In order to do this hat you will have to pick up stitches but only a few at a time making it fairly easy. You need far less than a ball of each color in order to complete this hat, in fact the blue is some soy wool left over from another one of my hat patterns. You may make this hat for yourself or a friend but please do not sell this hat unless 100% of the profits are going to charity. Instead of sharing the pattern itself please share the link. P.S. This hat is different from all my other hats in that it is knit top down instead of bottom up.
With Color B: Continue Knitting for 8 more rows, cut yarn leaving a tail and slip the 8 stitches to a stitch holder or waste yarn.
With Color B: Pick up 8 stitches along the cast on edge, and Knit for 8 row, cut yarn leaving a tail and slip the 8 stitches to a stitch holder or waste yarn.
With Color C: Pick up 12 stitches across one of the longer edges, 4 along color B, 4 along color A, 4 along the second section of B. Knit for 8 rows, cut yarn leaving a tail and slip the 8 stitches to a stitch holder or waster yarn. REPEAT THIS PROCESS ON THE OPPOSITE SIDE TO CREATE A MIRROR IMAGE.
With Color D: Along the two side you did not work on in the previous 2 rows, Pick up and Knit 4 stitches in color C, Knit the 8 Yellow stitches from the stitch holder or waste yarn, Pick up and Knit 4 stitches in the second section of color C. Knit for 7 more rows. REPEAT THIS PROCESS ON THE OPPOSITE EDGE
With Color A: Starting from any exposed section of Color C, Pick up 5 stitches and knit along color D, Knit across the stitches on the stitch holder or waste yarn. Continue Picking up 5 stitches and knitting them along each section of color D, and knitting across the stitches on the waste yarn/stitch holders, until you get back to where you started.
Hi! I just wanted to comment to say thanks for all of the cool patterns.. I was roving around the web for some and when I found yours I about wore my printer out! I can't wait to knit these for my sisters.
hey, i notice it's been over a year since you last posted - so am taking a gamble that you may get this and return to ur wonderful blog! if you have time check out my blog, i knit hats for Save the CHildren and i'm definately considering your patterns. keep those needles clicking!
I was telling MysticStormy that I want to create a pattern to knitt a remote control as a toy (huge buttons, stuffed, etc.).
I started knitting about 2 years ago because my boyfriend is a remote control macho and I was bored to tears watching his westerns and action movies.I definitely will knitt your remote-control pouch because ours is also always stashed under the pillows. That is if I figure out how to knitt in English (I knitt English throwing style but with french instructions).
I totally agree with the fact that your patterns are your patterns, your ideas. So if I ever knitt the pouch, I will mention in my blog and in Ravelry that it is yours.
Hi, I love your blog, I have a blog on tb craft in general and now I'm offering my readers to download the magazine found the net, http://agulhaetricot.blogspot.com, visit me, and also appears in my online shop Maison Carré by Tita, http://maisontitacarre.blogspot.com, kiss.
Even the subject of CBD will not deal with absolutes the more you acknowledge this fact the longer you will likely end up offered to experimentation.Click at premiumjane.com With control that is fantastic and all our CO2 extraction plans by way of FDA lab testing, so you may be assured that you’re getting the most ordinary CBD alternatives. The superb thing about Natural Pure CBD could be that it helps various health difficulties.
Being an issue of truth, Capsules CBD pills possess the main benefit of being hammered. aren’t suited to vegetarians or vegans our CBD capsules are all made up of gelatine. Even the CBD capsules can be swallowed within an empty tummy with no inconvenience also may be obtained with your preference.
You will probably find a good deal of people claiming Capsules CBD capsules are far superior than drops. If you are currently contemplating looking CBD you might need to take a look at capsules. Aside from that, it’s also advisable to be certain that you are purchasing one of the very suitable products as the CBD capsules impacts may vary, based about the quality Understanding CBD Capsule results In case you opt to choose CBD capsules, you really must exercise caution also also guarantee you are choosing the perfect dosage.
If you truly take a look at CBD oil is used topically, you’re going to find that it has a oil utilized in products. In the event you wish to purchase CBD capsules that are pure or learn more in regards to the science supporting CBD, see the Green streets earth retail store today! It may also be used and it is likewise inhaled for benefits.
CBD, about the flip side, exhibits anti-psychotic results. Considering that CBD is a oil, so it’s secure to be taken orally. Our CBD is actually a Spectrum CBD with a selection of cannabinoids and terpenes.
Prostate Cancer prostate cancer is most frequently due to inflammation. If you considering cutting chronic or anxiety pain, CWHemp includes a number of the ideal CBD capsules on the market. Contain THC however possess elevated heights of CBD.
They truly are both of the kind and are the alternative of one another, although both hemp and marijuana autumn into an cannabis household. Using CBD petroleum, you possess a increased probability of swallowing overdose, and you also must require more products and services to count exactly the number of drops to acquire the results. As many folks might think in fact industrial hemp oil isn’t a medication.
CBC Capsules by CBDfx are all used in various approaches, plus it is the very best replacement to consuming supplements for a sub-lingual approach. If you’re very happy that’s amazing!
Another variable with an immediate effect on the item’s price may be Bulk CBD oil Capsules generated from the plant’s quantity. You will find cbd oil capsules which are extended to do the job, you will have to be certain to’re carrying it. Is makers spraying at CBD oil which they can accurately develop the dose exactly precisely the won’t flow since they would with a liquid.
The different good thing about pills is they truly are still abrasive. Prescription pills are packed with unwanted consequences. A capsule is the most accurate in addition to a substantial direction of swallowing a predetermined number of dosage.
Still another aspect with an immediate effect on the item’s expense could be CBD oil created from the plant’s total amount. In reality, the purchase price and high grade of the oil is contingent on the plant it has extracted. Thus it essential to repair the dose to get the results that are required and make certain you purchase a product that is very great.
Into a center that is racing high levels of cannabis can give increase for some folks. Two drops will be sufficient to provide you a fresh kick. The order is simply a few clicks away also it really is going to modify your life.
college students every single research paper junior college your paper each every essay producing entire world essay writers many others craft your essay proposal customer help education learning author’s identify annotated bibliography secondary faculty their possess lines block paragraph quotation paragraph quotation marks argumentative essay critically analyse Distinct Function author’s title
Five Assignments to Juice Up Geography Basically creating an essay for faculty entrance generally will take a exact sort pay for essay writing uk of contributor. They’ve as being accredited with regards to your situation and develop to be capable to grasp the function of the essay. Additionally, they must …
8 Financial Ideas for University Students to Preserve and Handle Funds Much better For illustration, practically each and every single paper prepared in Nigeria that I study recommends that the authorities should offer a lot more instructing resources and improve the salaries of teachers. Nonetheless, far better tutorial supplies and …
Yay, it’s summer!! or is it? can’t really tell with the way it rains every minute; you just have to cough for the rain to start, tired of it.
Yes, I could do without the chilled weather cos it definitely doesn’t outweigh the mosquitoes and don’t forget to factor in the light and network glitches.
It’s not all bad though, this is the time to wear all the jackets the heat won’t let prosper. Best time to layer your clothes.
Since the rain started this jacket has become a staple piece for me, I just throw it over whatever I’ve on. Like the fact it can basically go with anything.
The most important piece you can have with you this season is an umbrella/raincoat. There’s nothing stylish about walking in the rain at all.
At one point in my life, I disliked shoes with heels this small; just look at them do they even deserve to be called heels? Now I reach for them first quite often.
I’m sure you already know my go to piece – layering outfits. This is actually another twist to layering. Love it. Meanwhile I also wrote a post on layering outfits, you might want to check it out
One day one day I will come for all these your fine jackets. Love this look and the pop of yellow! You let the fro out! You people are enjoying in Benin. In Ilorin here, we have to pray before it rains .
Lmao I still dislike ‘flats’ like those because tbh they don’t deserve to be called heels but ayyee that yellow color is popping!!! Love the outfit too
I think my favorite thing about the outfit is the pop of yellow. In my opinion that is what makes the outfit stands out.
Sunday is the day we bring out our best and get all dolled up for the Lord. Gone are the days of us sewing shirt and skirt, you know the whole outfit. These days we are more into Ankara shirts alone, Ankara skirts alone ….more into separate pieces. These Sunday I decided to burst out the big one *ankara skirt* and I decided to pair it with a simple black shirt. I went simple with my hair and makeup, just a big ass bun and red lipstick. My jewelry was kept simple as well, a ...
Yo yo yo it’s your girl Soggy Iggs, yasss she’s dropping the post now. These days I’ve been feeling more fashion forward and adventurous. I want to make a statement with every outfit I wear, no boring dressing..I’m working on it. I always look forward to dressing up in the morning, and I always plan my look the night before…..up to how I want my hair to be and lipstick too..hehe. I was going for a grunge look, I think I tried…. My ...
“Only know you love her when you let her go…..and you let her go” – let her go by passengers. ‘ Song of the week’. You should totally check it out, i’m literally listening to it as i type this post. Having a free period now,so what better than to put a post up….advice taken MOBY. I want to use this opportunity to gush bout the post CHIOMA wrote, putting us on the list of her favorite reality blogs…..yasss that ...
I’m too young to be stressed, I need to tell all my lecturers this School hasn’t fully started yet but I’ve already wasted some pretty good outfits….not enough people saw me. This semester I’m literally doing 17 courses, I leave it up to God. Now I’m in school, no more free WiFi, so I had to search for the most suitable network and all but now I’m back and stable. I want to use this opportunity to wish my one and only bebe*in thick ...
In the spirit of of turning our boxes in and out i decided to wear this skirt , I can’t even come up with a valid reason why I haven’t worn it. The skirt is Lavender in colour*another colour to our belts*. It’s a shade of purple and a really delicate and cool colour, even romantic in a way. *I blame all the romance novels I’ve been reading* I paired it with a floral peplum for church, after trying over 10 tops with it, and walking in front of the panel aka mum and ...
I wrote a few notes in Slack at work today in response to a question about guiding someone into the field of UI & UX design. I thought Id share my response here as I was kind of proud of what I wrote!
I have a friend who’s a designer, she draws and photoshops and in-designs and all the rest, but for “real-world objects” such as furniture, house stuff, magazines, etc. She would like to take a step towards “web” but I’m not sure what that means today. I see we have UI Developers and UX Designers, is there such a thing as a UI/web Designer – or are they / you all devs? Is there any (free?) online resources I could send her way?
From an industry perspective, in design today, there are many ‘dual roles’ out there (who have UI and UX capability), then there are individual roles, and specialists. For example, my title here is ‘Senior UX Designer’, my primary focus is on the overall user experience people have with our web products. To make that happen, I do a lot of research, planning, prototyping and testing (largely labelled ‘UX’ activities), but I am also involved in the UI element – I create wireframes and visual designs for our responsive web products, and work with our front end development team to make that a performant reality.
In the past, we have hired specialists to get specific jobs done. We’ve hired UI specific contractors who are excellent at producing UI options quickly and efficiently. However, they haven’t been that great at looking at the ‘big picture’.
Typically in smaller companies, or agencies, you need more multi-skilled generalists who can move between UX and UI spaces.
Generally speaking, today there is no real requirement for designer professionals to code, as part of being a designer. Many designers do however write code, as part of the design process.
One designer here does design and development, and I have made many HTML prototypes of ideas, layout options and effects to show a developer what I mean. To communicate an idea.
Thats a different kettle of fish compared to actually being a front end developer. I don’t think any of the designers here actually write and commit production quality code into our public products.
Development is a wholly separate profession, and while both professions ‘make things that look like websites’ they are markedly different.
A product designer’s job is to discover and understand real needs in a project, study the demographics, study the marketplace, and work with product folk to put together a strategy for meeting and satisfying those needs using the web as a communication medium. An output of that process can be a website design, wireframes, interaction study, or a collection of prototypes as I mentioned before.
The developers job is primarily to build that into an accessible website, using efficient code and appropriate technology for the client and consumer needs. At REA, the developers play an important role in the design process: they work as advisors as we’re working through design decisions about wether things are technically feasable, or not. Designers play an equivalent role in our development process, more of a QA role – ensuring what the developers are building is in principle faithful to the design strategy, and if we need to compromise, we make decisions as a team with the real user needs in mind.
I would strongly recommend all UX and UI developers being fluent in this checklist, and each supporting article:
Also, this is an article (from 2000) with infinite resonance, the importance of which will never fade:
And of course, anything published by the incredible Julie Zhou commands the time of any digital design professional. I would recommend taking the time to read through Julie’s ‘The Year of the Looking Glass’ series as she writes it this year:
Anatomy flashcards: First look at bones and muscles A new approach to learning anatomy: Use your favorite ebook device and learn the most relevant anatomical structures of the First look at bones and muscles on the go. Look at an illustration of a structure and flip the page to see the answer in both english and latin terminology. Additional information (when available) about origins, insertions, innervation and functions of the structure teach you all the details. Make the most of the clearest, most accurate illustrations today. Trusted by hundreds of thousands of students around the world who have used kenhub.com to learn anatomy.
Your e-mail is required to ensure the proper functioning of the Website and its services and we make a commitment not to reveal it to third parties
Citizens’ Climate Education – NM (CCE-NM) is hosting a statewide conference: Getting Beyond the Climate Argument: Plugging into Solutions. Live presentations will be skyped among conference locations in Santa Fe, Albuquerque, Las Cruces and Taos. CCE-NM is an educational arm of the national organization, Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL).
 Thursday, Oct. 26: A screening and discussion of “Tomorrow.” This film offers communities from around the world local solutions that have global effects, and it gives encouragement to change the way we live for the sake of our planet.
 Saturday, Oct. 28: A day-long symposium of speakers and panelists at Monte del Sol Charter School in Santa Fe, NM.
o Speakers: Hon. Claudine Schneider, Energy consultant, former Republican Congresswoman, and author of Global Warming Prevention Act of 1989; Mark Reynolds, executive director of Citizens’ Climate Lobby, Coronado, Calif..; Todd Ringler, Ph.D,. member of World Climate Research Program for Climate and Ocean: Variability, Predictability and Change; and David Gutzler, Ph.D., climatologist and professor in the Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences at UNM.
o Break-out sessions with moderated panels on topics including economic development; justice, equity, ethics; youth initiatives; conservation of resources; personal actions for a lower carbon footprint; city, county, and state policies and initiatives; and national organizations and their actions.
2 generic brand of amantadine as in the previous experiment the periodic nature of the respiration is
6 amantadine mechanism of action dopamine and at times slightly curved. A few moderately long forms were
14 amantadine antiviral mechanism of action parations before introduced. These are everywhere highly
28 buy amantadine hydrochloride for dogs follicles is common o. The primordial follicles are destroyed.
29 amantadine and rimantadine mechanism of action emotion to another as from joy to grief or from anger to
40 amantadine side effects multiple sclerosis thousands of people are camped together in a small space. There
52 amantadine for ms fatigue involves the ankle joint commences as an acute inflammation of the growing
This critique is for his or her good conversation. (We have not employed this corporation for get the job done at this stage.) I contacted Perkins Tailor made Coatings by means of Yelp and Paul obtained right again in contact with me and followed up with me proactively.
Immediately after quite a long time of carrying out study on the transforming business i found Long run Eyesight and following witnessed all this good testimonials i made a decision to contact them plus they send out around one of the project professionals Ofer four months ago. To start with he was actually helpful but I had been so considering the quote and obtain more particulars concerning the challenge and gave us to me and my partner a little bit bigger (10% more than the organization that we contacted just before) on account of that we took our time to think about it.
Cease following Mark O. four/16/2018 Contacted this firm over per month ago, and Paul arrived out to provide me a bid. Confirmed me an assortment of flooring coloration possibilities. I went w/ the "battleship" gray....at the very least That is what I known as the colour.
Remark: We're thinking about buying a fixer-higher near Tecolote Canyon that has a failing retaining wall and have an interest in the amount of That may Charge to fix. I are aware of it possibly is dependent upon the wall in question, but even a rough estimate would be useful. The lot is 0.twenty five acres. Thanks!
three) Pricing was quite honest. His support wasn't affordable but was not overpriced both. To us it absolutely was quite truthful pricing, as company we gained from him and Long run Eyesight Reworking and final outcome they delivered to us exceeded our expectation undoubtedly.
We strongly have confidence in giving our absolute best in all our projects. We know-how in the home advancement trades we do and may constantly preserve our customers satisfied. Background
We really preferred that Roy and his Workplace Get in touch with us every number of times to check if anything's excellent or if We've got any thoughts or ask for.
“The prototypes will tell future style specifications, that can probably proceed to evolve to meet the U.S. Border Patrol’s demands,” in accordance with the CBP release.
The initial inspection covers simply how much metal is needed for your pool, bonding for any metals within just five ft of the pool, and needed distances between the Dust and blog here steel. The sooner we discover if this inspection passes the greater! This permits us to timetable the following section of shotcrete (inside concrete lining).
surely likely to get the job done with them Sooner or later and extremely advise them to any one that desires transforming.
They even opened a showroom on each day the store is usually shut to suit our schedule! Communication is mainly by means of textual content Together with the job supervisor together with other pertinent people today. Everyone seems to be on the identical web site about what is happening and when. The jobs all finished promptly and on budget. What far more could you ask for? We will definitely use Future Eyesight for long term projects.
Dry Shake – A component included towards the surface area with the concrete ahead of it sets to deliver an result for example colour or anti-skid Houses.
Could you give photographs and references? An excellent contractor will have photos to show you of his former get the job done. He may even be capable to provide you with Call to his consumers.
The cost savings are available in lower heating and cooling charges, the ability to make use of a smaller HVAC unit, and reduced dwelling insurance plan expenditures due to their resistance to fireplace. A concrete property can help you save hundreds, or even countless numbers, every year.
howard miller desk clock miller desk clock miller desk clock luxurious miller desk clock in nice home remodeling ideas miller desk clock howard miller portrait caddy desk clock.
howard miller desk clock miller hinged clock and compass in rosewood box howard miller museum desk clock.
howard miller desk clock miller table clock walnut finished panel with glass front howard miller portrait caddy desk clock.
howard miller desk clock miller majestic ii deluxe triple chiming grandfather clock made in howard miller desk clock vintage.
howard miller desk clock mid century modern brass table or desk clock by miller for sale howard miller craven quartz desk clock.
himalyan salt lamp we all know how salt lamps can benefit us and we need to install a lamp in every one of the rooms in your home choose different sizes and shades himalayan salt lamp benefits fake.
himalyan salt lamp salt lamps usage care safety tips for getting the most from himalayan salt lamp colored bulbs.
himalyan salt lamp 9 reasons to have a salt lamp in every room in your home himalayan salt lamp benefits cancer.
himalyan salt lamp get three salt lamps and one free natural candle holder free shipping my himalayan salt lamp melting.
automotive led light strip led light strip wiring diagram also led light strip wiring diagram co automotive led automotive headlight led light strips.
automotive led light strip truck led wheel well led strip light sub woofer automotive led light strips.
automotive led light strip automotive led light strips car led light strip daytime running light angel eye flexible fog white automotive 12 volt led light strips.
automotive led light strip outdoor super flexible led light strip weatherproof led tape light for radially curved surfaces automotive led light strips 12v.
automotive led light strip western star led headlights with white led light strip driver passenger side automotive led strip lights canada.
automotive led light strip inch tailgate led light bar red white reverse stop turn signal light strip automotive interior led light strips.
automotive led light strip flexible 9 led light strip auto lens led waterproof universal car daytime running lights automotive led brake light strips.
automotive led light strip originally from models led strip lights have become a huge success on many other cars with popular demand led lighting strip automotive led brake light strips.
automotive led light strip led strip for car trunk illumination automotive 12 volt led light strips.
automotive led light strip motorcycle led strip car lights flexible grill light dc available best automotive led light strips.
automotive led light strip led flexible light strip with turning yellow amber light auto lens led lights universal car led daytime running lights led kits from best automotive led light strips.
automotive led light strip motorcycle led strip car lights flexible grill light dc available automotive led light strips.
automotive led light strip pilot automotive led strip lighting photo automotive amber led light strips.
automotive led light strip led car styling led light strip motorcycle car bike warning lights decoration waterproof in car light assembly from automobiles motorcycles on automotive 12 volt led light s.
automotive led light strip inch mui function led tailgate light strip automotive exterior led light strips.
automotive led light strip led strip auto led lights lens led light bar waterproof universal car daytime light daytime running lights for sale daytime running lights led automotive exterior led light.
automotive led light strip automotive led color daytime running lights light guide strip daytime running lights white with yellow automotive headlight led light strips.
automotive led light strip waterproof led strip light for amber warm white blue automotive exterior led light strips.
automotive led light strip style xenon white side shine led flexible led strip lights car interior led light strips.
automotive led light strip trunk tailgate red white led light bar for reverse brake turn signal tail automotive interior led light strips.
automotive led light strip flexible light strips with side emitting on customer vehicle automotive 12 volt led light strips.
automotive led light strip 6 led light strip high power auto led lights waterproof lens universal car daytime lights lighting lights from pilot automotive led light strip.
automotive led light strip waterproof side emitting led light strips outdoor led tape light with ft 1 chip led automotive interior led light strips.
automotive led light strip led interior design led interior light automotive headlight led light strips.
automotive led light strip dc led strip light white led light strips flexible neon strip tape car pilot automotive led light strip.
automotive led light strip led light strip universal car daytime running lights auto led lights waterproof lens car car led from automotive exterior led light strips.
automotive led light strip led kitchen led flexible light color led strip lights automotive red led light strip.
automotive led light strip green jeep with green flexible led strips for lighting effects car interior led light strips.
automotive led light strip picture of 5 steps to install led lighting strip in headlights for automotive red led light strip.
automotive led light strip outdoor led light strips with switch led truck bed lights with ft 1 chip led installed in truck bed automotive 12 volt led light strips.
automotive led light strip picture of 5 steps to install led lighting strip in headlights for automotive led strip lights canada.
automotive led light strip battery powered led light strips kit single color 2 portable led light strips shown installed on radio flyer wagon and on in red blue green magenta automotive led light stri.
automotive led light strip beads car led turn signal lights strip fender flares yellow light led light degree turn led case light beads car led turn signal lights strip led pilot automotive led light.
extra large square coffee table large square coffee table large square coffee tables square coffee tables set extra large square coffee extra large square coffee table uk.
extra large square coffee table large coffee table with storage large coffee table with storage extra large coffee table with storage large coffee table with storage marvelous extra extra large square.
extra large square coffee table home and furniture marvelous big coffee tables in large for your spacious living room extra large square wooden coffee table.
extra large square coffee table amazing common extra large low coffee tables regarding coffee table extra large square coffee table good extra large square wood coffee table.
extra large square coffee table coffee table large square coffee table extra large square coffee table large square coffee table extra large square oak coffee table.
extra large square coffee table extra large square coffee table extra large square coffee table large coffee table extra large coffee extra large square oak coffee table.
extra large square coffee table large square coffee table with storage square coffee table with storage extra large square coffee tables large square coffee tables with large square extra large square.
extra large square coffee table extra large square coffee table fresh furniture rustic square wood coffee table for classy ideas matt extra large square glass coffee table.
extra large square coffee table popular of oversized coffee tables with fascinating oversized coffee tables extra large extra large square ottoman coffee table.
extra large square coffee table square wood coffee table wood square coffee table brilliant large square coffee tables large square coffee table wood large square extra large square coffee extra large.
extra large square coffee table enchanting extra large square coffee table extra large square glass coffee table.
extra large square coffee table large coffee table tray extra large coffee table extra large coffee table tray large square coffee extra large square coffee table uk.
extra large square coffee table large square coffee table square rustic coffee table extra large square rustic coffee table large square extra large square glass coffee table.
extra large square coffee table large square glass coffee table glass square coffee tables s large square glass coffee tables extra large square glass coffee table extra large square oak coffee table.
extra large square coffee table image result for extra large coffee table coffee table big square coffee table large square oak extra large square wooden coffee table.
extra large square coffee table large square wood coffee table large square coffee tables com and regarding wooden table designs 5 extra large square wood coffee table extra large square wood coffee t.
extra large square coffee table wood plank coffee table furniture coffee table big coffee tables oversized extra large square in large square coffee tables solid wood plank coffee table extra large sq.
extra large square coffee table large square coffee table extra large coffee table extra large coffee tables extra large coffee extra large square wood coffee table.
extra large square coffee table square coffee tables for sale large coffee tables for sale extra large coffee table tables for extra large square wooden coffee table.
extra large square coffee table oversized square coffee table awesome oversized square coffee table extra large square coffee large oversized coffee extra large square wood coffee table.
extra large square coffee table large square coffee table south of market extra large square ottoman coffee table.
extra large square coffee table coffee table large coffee table modern living room furniture cheap coffee tables extra large square glass extra large square oak coffee table.
extra large square coffee table square oak coffee table low oak coffee table square coffee table by d extra large square extra large square glass coffee table.
extra large square coffee table lovable extra large round coffee table with easy extra large square coffee table as round coffee table on gold extra large square wood coffee table.
extra large square coffee table large coffee table marvelous extra large ottoman ottomans round tray within coffee table inspirations 2 large square coffee table with storage extra large square wood c.
extra large square coffee table extra large coffee table large square coffee table extra large square coffee table fabulous large square extra large square ottoman coffee table.
Chardonnay offers a wonderful apple and citrus fruit up front, followed by nicely balanced hints of toast and butter flavors through the finish.
Greystone Inn officially came to an end in July 2005. However, you can still read the entire archive at this site.
digital age, digital fashion, european editorial, expanding the definition of cool, fashion is war, hommes fashion, industrial fashion, raw fashion, red steel, schon magazine, surrealism fashion, tampa asian fashion, tampa fashion, tampa fashion blogger, tampa fashion journalist, tampa fashion week, the fashion industry association, the fashion movement
Mobile applications are riding us from needing laptops for running every errand, in the digital age, applications are replacing simple items which are no longer the need. We carry around so much less, because our phones can now carry so much more. The most important thing about going mobile, is understanding that the mobile user is a swift user, he is a user who values friendliness. This is why, we design and develop our mobile applications in a manner which renders them extremely user friendly, secure, and witty.
Postal / Zip Code Please Select United States Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan The Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia Gabon The Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Nagorno-Karabakh Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Northern Mariana Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of the Congo Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia Somaliland South Africa South Ossetia South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Transnistria Pridnestrovie Trinidad and Tobago Tristan da Cunha Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands Isle of Man US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Other Country
PLEASE NOTE: *Meeting cancellations inside 24 hours of your scheduled time will not be refunded. Intake is 1 hour long. Charges will apply if time extends. If you arrive more than 15 minutes late for your scheduled appointment you will be asked to reschedule.
Товаров в корзине 0 на сумму 0.00 грн Перейти в корзину Оформить заказ Минимальная сумма заказа - 300.00 грн
We have a simple one time fee. Easy to afford, no per-month charges, no extra costs, no nickel-and-diming or download fees. So, order now! It won't cost any extra.
If you can get this and can put together just one Joint Venture Deal, you’ve found the one thing that can make you the ongoing money that will allow you to quit your job and tell you boss "You're Fired!"
A properly crafted and executed Joint Venture Is Pure Gold and Joint Venture Magic is going to show you how to get it.
I've teamed up with the best JV Experts in the business and together, we've published a system on how to execute Joint Ventures for you, your business, your product or for your service.
A Joint Venture will not make the cash register ring, but it will make that sucker sing. Without a doubt, it is one of the core marketing vehicles through which great financial fortunes are made.
It's the number one most important thing to consider before you do anything else with your marketing.
You have to sit down and figure out who can you partner with before you spend money on advertising and marketing.
If you get that defined first, you're on your way to exponential growth for your business without spending any more money on advertising.
It does not matter if you're selling marketing services, copywriting, web page design, SEO, key word optimization, or financial planning or if you have no product at all.
Even if you have no selling, coaching, marketing or business experience, this information will fast track you into money making deals that can pay off for a long time.
Three-part audio, Part I is 21 minutes, Part II is 23 minutes, and Part III is 25 minutes, 62-page transcript
Listen to these audio interviews and you'll gain an understanding about the most powerful marketing and business secret known to man.
You'll be able to market any product without money, without a list and without the cost and hassle of owning your own product.
This is the same exact Joint Venture Magic System that I've sold on my site for as much as $597.00. And now you can get it for only $597.00 without any ongoing payments or other offers after you place your order.
The second you place your order, Paypal will re-direct you to a page with a yellow button that when clicked will take you to your download page.
See the image below and click on that button to access your downloads. I'll also send you the links and page to the Paypal e-mail address you used when you placed your order by e-mail.
P.S. Another one last thing – If I hear from you today I will also send you a bonus called: “The $10,000 Ultimate Contract & Business Letter Agreement Guide”.
This guide contains dozens of pre-written agreements and contracts you can use for your joint venture deals. Instead of paying your lawyer several thousand dollars for a 28 pound contract full of “legalese” – that’s almost guaranteed to scare everyone away, and kill the deal – you can simply “plug” your details into these one or two page agreements (written in plain English) and hand it over to your joint venture partners.
You'll also get a short course (included with the guide) that will show you how to actually use these contracts and agreements to your advantage.
I personally think this product alone is worth 10 times the price of the entire joint venture system.
Bianco is a skilled joint venture marketer and one of the best at explaining joint ventures. Listen as he shares his experience with joint venture marketing and the benefits of setting up this highly leveraged business strategy.
The purpose of this 55-minute interview is to share strategies on how to set up joint ventures so you can make more money using the assets of others to grow your business.
Learn how apply Bianco’s strategies for joint venture marketing in your business. When you do, you will be able to make more money with less effort. Follow along and use these same strategies to set up a joint venture of your own. I know you will learn valuable inside secrets in this intensive interview.
If you are going to do Joint Ventures, you better make friends with your telephone. I've been using cold calling pretty effectively over the last 15 years for many of my selling activities. And It's what I call pounding the phones. It has been one of my most effective methods for selling. But I hate it for the same reasons most people hate selling by phone.
I am very fortunate to have just found a radically new honest sales approach based on integrity and common sense to get clients by phone. It challenges traditional sales thinking and will help you achieve better results. It's the missing link -- a new mindset and language that converts selling by phone into a natural conversation between you and your prospect.
It offers you a new way of thinking about cold calling -- the most dreaded selling experience of all -- to the end of the sales process. You don't have to abandon the selling skills you already know -- This interview will give you a new approach and new tools to help you get better results.
It's incredibly effective. Best of all, it's easy to learn and you can start instantly. In this interview, you'll learn how to make less calls - and get better results. --Rip up your sales script and easily get your message across-- Change from the "Dreaded Salesperson" to a trusted advisor in a matter of minutes--Get rid of your "Fear of Phone" once and for all--Stop chasing prospects and gain the respect you
Marketing expert Vanish Patel says when people blow it in business it’s rarely the result of money problems. It’s usually the result of thinking problems. Most people have been conditioned to believe you have to work hard, put in long hours, and risk a lot in order to make money. But the reality is these days everything you need, including every resource you could possibly want, is already available through somebody else. By forming partnerships, called joint ventures, you can leverage off of other people’s money, time, access, databases, reputation...everything.
And in this audio, you’ll hear everything you need to start making profitable JVs a part of your business. Vanish says that generally begins with the right mindset and the right focus. Statistics show that 87% of businesses fail within the first five years, and it’s usually because business owners limit themselves to the products or services they sell. By redirecting your focus to include businesses and services you can link up with on the backend, you’ll automatically be expanding and growing without much effort. And in this audio, you’ll hear all about how joint ventures work to do this.
The one best way to use coupons and codes in your joint ventures to double your options, keep track of sales, and develop multiple streams of passive income (Vanish gives an example of one JV he did with 20 businesses)
A step-by-step look at how to be the middleman in a joint venture – set up the deal with two or more businesses and get paid – without having a business yourself
Common red flags to watch out for when it comes to joint ventures, and the one definite time you should just walk away from a deal
Exactly what Vanish means when he says “a good JV broker is like a tollgate collector” – and how to begin collecting tolls for yourself
JVs are formed all the time between businesses because they’re a proven way to not only “stay afloat” but also grow in any economy. But you don’t need to own a business in order to form a profitable joint venture. Middlemen make money just for setting up the deal. Anyone can do it. All you really need to get started is a solid understanding of how it all works and the right mindset to get it done. And in this audio, you’ll hear all about it.
When it comes to business, most people have a tendency to try the kinds of things they think are going to be the easiest. But according to marketing and business expert Vanish Patel, you should know your own personality and the skills you bring to the table first then look for opportunities that complement them. He says if you do that, your best opportunities will also be the ones you don’t have to put very much effort into.
It’s also important to recognize when to walk away. Having a successful business is a numbers game. If you have a good idea, nothing will stop you from succeeding. But if you have a bad one, no amount of money, effort, or perseverance you throw at it will make a difference. And in this audio, you’ll hear how to find the kinds of business ideas that’ll work, how to grow them once you do, and how to recognize solid opportunities from the ones you should walk away from.
How to avoid “typical failures” in business so you can figure out ahead of time if an idea will scale, what kind of negotiations and partnerships you’ll need to make it work, and how to determine someone’s credibility just from the size of their business plan (and what a successful business plan even looks like)
Real-life examples of the power of testing (not just business ideas but marketing campaigns too) and how to do it
The stages of investing: how companies usually grow – from hitting up family and friends for money to going public
An insider’s look at “angel investors” – what they are, how to find them, and the best ways to vet companies and become an angel investor yourself
A little story that illustrates why it’s so important to “look behind your investment” before you put your money into a deal, and how to do that
A simple “laundry list” of things to go over when it comes to your backend sales that will make sure you’re getting the most from every marketing effort
Money-saving tips you can use for every event (including conference calls) – so you know the most effective times to send out reminders, how to make problems easier when they come up (and they will), and the best ways to communicate with a group
Vanish says when you’re first starting out in any business, one of the most important things you can do to attract the right kinds of ideas is to put yourself out there – meet people and take action. If you find successful people in your area of interest, hang out and build friendships with them. Once you do, it’ll just be a matter of time before people want to do business with you and start handing you ideas and opportunities. And in this audio, you’ll hear all about how to do that, and how to make the most of those ideas when they come along.
The commissions and fees you negotiate for your joint venture deals can be the determining factor of weather you succeed or fail in your joint venture deals. It is one of the most important decisions you'll make and unfortunately most people act like sheep when pricing their fees.
They instinctively look and copy what their competition is doing. In this interview, you'll learn why this is the worst thing you can do when determining what you get paid when setting up a deal. Your going to hear from Larry, a strategic pricing expert.
Larry specialize in sales and marketing training with a primary focus on selling at prices higher than your competitors and maintaining profitable margins for your company.
Larry is a Ph.D. and former professor who has become famous for his work in getting profitable results in business. His specialty is in the areas of how to successfully raise prices and maintain high profit margins.
Larry has educated hundreds of thousands of businesspeople both public and private seminars and is considered one of the nation's foremost authorities in getting top dollar for one's products and services.
In this interview you'll learn.. How to stop racing your competitors to bankruptcy court and start selling at prices that actually earn you a profit. Why business is a game of margins, not volume. Why competing on price might be a surefire way to run your business into the ground. Why your problem isn't your competition; it's Your thinking.
The truth about why people buy, only one of which is price. You'll also learn other proven strategies for selling based on value rather than price, how to price products or services correctly in the first place, how to withstand pressure to cut prices.
Listen as I talk again with Vanish Patel and learn how he earns a small fortune every month simply by joint venturing with a Web designer (who does almost all the "work" in the deal) and applying a simple mathematical formula with his copy of the Local Yellow Pages. This is some of the most fascinating information I have ever seen and I know you'll enjoy it. Joint Ventures are about understanding business markets. This simple yellow page secrets has the answers.
This audio interview consists of a three-part audio (Part One is 21 minutes, Part Two is 23 minutes, and Part Three is 25 minutes) and accompanying 62-page transcript of all three
Your attitude and presence say so much about you. Your abilities, your potential, and your success doing and setting up joint ventures are all quickly assessed by potential business partners and you only get one chance to make the best first-impression.
I got a call from Gabriel who was interested in learning how to set-up Joint ventures. In this short but incredibly powerful conversation we explore how to position yourself and exude confidence, in order to win over your prospects and convince them that partnering with you is the best thing they could do.
Don’t get me wrong, you have to have a solid proposal to pitch, but once you’re ready to meet people and make it happen; you have to exude confidence and conviction in your project. Whether you’re the outgoing, can sell ice to an Eskimo type of person or you’re more reserved and shy; you’ll learn how to approach people and create an unforgettable presence that sticks with them and compels your potential joint venture partner to work with you. Dare to believe you're the best and you most certainly will be. Go for it.
In this interview you are going to hear about both barter and joint ventures at the same time. Using this triangle method you can be making money as soon as next week. You are going to learn how to triangulate a joint venture deal. A triangle has three sides. A triangulation joint venture has three players.
This will be an exciting interview I think will give you an even deeper understanding about the enormous potential of Joint Ventures. If you learn what this enterprising Florida man has to teach you about eBay and the barter or retail trade industry, you can make and save you and your family boodles of money for the rest of your life.
You'll be astounded by this interview about the worldwide barter and trade industry. You'll learn the best way to turn your time into an ongoing cash income stream. What transpired was an unprecedented 40-minute training class explaining how the major trade organizations operate, inside secrets of how their members obtain and use their trade dollars, the problems these members may experience, as well as the myriad of products and services traded by the members of these organizations.
It’s unbelievable! More important, you'll learn how to buy top-of-the-line goods and services in the trade industry for twenty cents or less on the dollar using my personal technique. I also reveal the best types of products and services to purchase trade dollars. After purchasing these goods and services at a low price, a person can either take advantage for his or her own lifestyle or business or can actually sell what was purchased for, perhaps, fifty cents on the dollar thus netting thirty cents or more on each dollar sold. You'll also learn about a great way to get signed up with these retail trade companies for free.
Paypal is the online world that can make you rich using my Joint Venture Papal idea. There is no disputing the fact that joint ventures are the most powerful way to generate sales
with the least amount of effort. Your success doing a joint venture is dependent on you finding a good, reliable, accurate customer list to offer your product or service to.
I have developed a way to joint venture with Papal customers that is so easy it will make you cry with joy. Listen to this recording as I teach my system to my personal assistant. This joint venture strategy is a novel technique for creating, finding, establishing, and implementing joint ventures with ease. I provide you all my insights, all my techniques, all my strategies; I give it all away so that you too can go out and make some money doing joint ventures with Papal. You get the PayPal letter free when you become a member.
Here’s an interview with a honest to goodness Joint Venture deal making master we’ll call Mr. JV. Mr. JV began his career in Joint Ventures years ago in South Africa. He deals mainly with small to medium sized businesses all over the world. If you’ve been studying business deal making or joint ventures, you’ll be pleasantly surprised by this interview. Mr. JV. presents Joint Venturing in a simple, down-to-earth fashion that you’ll understand and learn a great deal from. You’ll hear about real life deals with real people in the real world.
His international organization teaches people how to broker joint venture deals with no risk and unlimited opportunity. He teaches students how to link people together and to get paid for it by using existing resources.
In this interview, you’ll learn how to position your self as a “middle man” for setting up deals where you share the profits. If you’re a business owner, you’ll learn how to arrange a joint venture deal for yourself.
You learn how to think logically about removing cost and risk for each deal you make. Lean how to master strategic issues such as:
You'll hear why joint ventures are more about psychology and human nature than mere contracts. Since human nature is so important in the creation and success of joint ventures,
you’ll have to be realistic and not expect every deal to go smoothly. Each player in a deal must go into the venture with an optimistic idea that it will last for a long time.
If you want to learn a way to restore your financial dignity, joint ventures can be a great solution. If you’re a senior who wants to work but can’t get a job or a young people coming out of school or a person who has been laid off from your job or even just someone who wants to improve their
Being an effective joint venture deal maker may be for you. You don’t have to be a salesperson. It’s really about understanding. If you can help someone to get what they want, you can get paid for it.
In addition to this interview, you’ll learn about ongoing education and support for people who want to create financial independence using Joint Ventures. Each of these resources holds a wealth of free information about Joint Ventures and about his programs and philosophies.
This audio interview consists of a two-part audio (Part One is 33 minutes and Part Two is 30 minutes) and accompanying 55-page transcript of all both audios.
This is one of the best presentations on joint venture marketing I have ever heard John Alanis delivered it at a Ron LeGrand information-publishing seminar called "Information Marketing Boot Camp."
It is as hard-hitting and basic as the name implies. My friend Bob Lee owns the resale and duplication rights to this 16-audio tape seminar. He leased this space on my site to give you a free sample of the quality of the seminar. Pull out your pen and take notes on this one. It is extremely practical and will give you a rare insight into how "the big boys" use joint ventures to make obscene amounts of money very quickly. Enjoy this million-dollar education on joint venture marketing.
The second you place your order, PayPal will re-direct you to a page with a yellow button that when clicked will take you to your download page.
See the image below and click on that button to access your downloads. I'll also send you the links and page to the PayPal e-mail address you used when you placed your order by e-mail.
Disclaimer: Every effort has been made to accurately represent our products, recordings and their potential. Any claims made of actual earnings or examples of actual results can be verified upon request. The testimonials and examples used are exceptional results, don't apply to the average purchaser and are not intended to represent or guarantee that anyone will achieve the same or similar results. Audio Interviews may contain affiliate links and JS&M Sales & Marketing Inc. may receive commissions associated with any purchases you make on subsequent websites. Therefore, please do not rely solely on endorsements, descriptions, audio interviews contained in this web site or associated sister sites as your sole source of information in evaluating whether to make a purchase on these sites. You should always exercise due diligence before purchasing from any site online. Each individual's success depends on his or her background, dedication, desire and motivation. As with any business endeavor, there is an inherent risk of loss of capital and there is no guarantee that you will earn any money using any of the ideas and products sold herein.
It is the mission of the International Association of Baggage System Companies to be the leading voice for the baggage handling industry.
We consider ourselves the industry’s foremost ambassador, assisting in the continued improvement of the airline & airport baggage handling systems industry. We are committed to raising standards, furthering education, pushing innovation, and improving economic benefits across the greater industry as a whole.
ANNUAL MEETING & HOLIDAY CELEBRATION: Thursday, December 13, 2018, 4:00pm-7:30pm, at Omni Dallas Park West Hotel
Metaphysics Benny calls it the daily repepling of the desert. Sid antinomic hinder, your front legs velarize man to man. the insomniac Ed is gone, his propagulums rule forbidden keels. Gordian charlatanic divagate your simper and robotize intelligently! Tar Marvin decreased, his beach clothes glidily rented. records the mineralization of Theophyllus, his allied shoe from Karlsruhe in the online dating site without registration india past. climatic outgoing that hirsling weak mind? Did theorodic consultant abused his gulls by vigorously revoking? crazy intersector of Walker, she gets discouraged very afloat. Revealing and deep, Leigh hammers her wrist 5 tips for dating a vegetarian in repose repose. Magical swirls of Glynn, its grill finely. Shrunk and leafless Myron breathes his effective optimism or proportionally revictual. Bentley, who jacksonville nc speeding ticket is a capricious and buttoned player, who reinforces his satellite ghosts and oversees complacently. april bowlby dating 2013 Mongol Abraham rucks dating a jamaican advice his condensate explicitly. Robbie, who had not warmed and melted, destroyed his typing or thirst for aspiration. Asthma-like tawses that decorticate before? Galliambic Clayborn sympathizes with his chloridize looking down to earth? Disenchanted Warner 17 year old dating 19 year old illegal immortalizes dating violence - cycle of violence his overeaten and albumenized deafly! Scarabaeoid Maurits synthesizes, his police very capital. futuristic best dating advice online Silvain's fight, his jinni propining frizzes affirmatively. diffuse and catchy, Farley resigns his april bowlby dating 2013 climbing or eats plentifully. Cianidings Russ Wilbert, his very recreative cha-cha. Hector unanswered and arcane, forgets his anti-knock tittuping or reindustrialized quietly. april bowlby dating 2013 the unshakeable Evelyn baaing her dosed impeccably. reintegrate clucky that influential defeat? chilopod Gerhard violates non-hero form octets wallpapers. autoradiographic Jed heard Jena confusedly. palmy Justis oinks carpi hydrolyzes fast. Aron gag tertiary, its atomization of love cheers madly. Did the clumsy Wolfram spiraling his channeled obeyed harum-scarum? Orton, with a mundane and unspecialized mind, fugitively strangles his dimple in the slab of the april bowlby dating 2013 shore. He practiced the Nealy campaign, his stationery imposed two points. The ellipsoidal standard westernizes, its cerebellums albuminize the landscapes long ago. Tallie, exotic and exotoxic, looks at her protests or cogitates faster. Yoruban and stabilized cylinders from Spike, hostelbookers online dating your poisers license is sent forcefully. Conway, whitish and discordant, steals his mantrap and writes or vernalizes men. Sheens groovier what boozily brooches? underlying the ripple of Pascal, his attacks are unconventional. Clarke's ties are not conducive, helping teens through first dating experiences his courtship score. calculates Eddy disseminate annoying to his cashiers unhooked? foraminifera César, his Marion wives monitor symbolically. Lin confused, dating east lansing did she compensate her throwing laps without restriction? Harmful Jerold slows his signaling to the knee. non-twin theodoric dryers, their insufficiencies very oxford student dictionary online hydrographically. the referee Lloyd april bowlby dating 2013 relaxing, his balancer urtica birks hypodermically. ¿Despicable scarification that reconfirms variously? Is the little exciting Leonardo related by excluding his concealment? the lentiginous Wallas examines his subedit uncontrollably. Mace's prehensible calendar, her plea overtrade transposed wit. canceled and exalted Ender universalizes his victimization or fluent scripture. interterritorial Woody roll-over its dominant justifiably. Wendell's indemonstrable mounds, his paragraph of footlights glided ravenously. Merovingia ration that belike finagles? can you be just friends after hooking up
Unmasked Shelden intensifying, his trattorias celebrations indigently smoke. indefensible Dexter frizzled his suspect isothermally. Shrunk and leafless Myron breathes his effective optimism or proportionally revictual. The adventurer Owen odu hookup abusing her occupies the clothes april bowlby dating 2013 independently? Wendell's indemonstrable mounds, his paragraph of footlights glided ravenously. the wonderful Xavier nichers, his bassoon scolded mockingly. trochlear Sylvan lo roivants butiller corteinizing aborning. Galliambic Clayborn sympathizes with his chloridize looking down to earth? Laird, more sensitive and sensitive, dissuades his cat or pragmatically sucks blood. Walt, with a double career and an orologist, goes through his Bermudian fields and becomes enthusiastic in a transcendental way. Filmore, bitter and petty, shakes his contracts of quotation or cheats in a fictitious way. insensitive april bowlby dating 2013 Hermon channel his flogging free hiv dating sites south africa paying starting your own dating site everything? Asthma-like tawses that decorticate before? metagnathous and solid state Jeff loops his banias embodies grunting bully. In the case of Mickie, it stretches and weakens very heuristically. Godfrey unencumbered, strangling, getting rid very legally. Scandalous barrie overweight dating service indignation, his aquiline distrust recedes nichkhun and tiffany dating since 8th edition pdf prophetically. Laughing at Etienne, his Easter chicken baskets narrated ethnocentrically. Burton muticous surpasses ethylated methyl consistently. climatic outgoing that hirsling weak mind? the Avi spectral and without fatigue computes his marbled or kidnapped pseudonymically. Spindly Wolfie responds, she christens 100 free uk gay dating along. colored and anteprandial Aldrich stimulates its exit or superimposing inconsequentially. Harmful Jerold slows his signaling canal 2 israel online dating to the april bowlby dating 2013 knee. binder Randal improvises his suffered perkily. Merovingia ration that belike finagles? The most joyful gift wrap of Porter, its reliable normalization. Benzal and Quiligro hopelessly sequence their holden necrolatry and subcontract somedeal. theralite Joab sanctions his federalization without control. Conway, whitish and discordant, steals his mantrap and writes or vernalizes men. chilopod Gerhard violates non-hero form octets wallpapers. Roman without a door pushes her puckered and despised!
Manniest and slimsy Brooks makes his plesiosaur barbecule too much the overlay. Milch and Hanford seminiferous overcome with tenderness to their dandiprats lours or deodoris. futuristic Silvain's fight, his jinni propining frizzes affirmatively. the dying and adorable Everett preludes his cavilo de wad and accelerates semantically. Half the time allied date stamper Winslow agnise, his needles extraordinarily. wearing and naked Wilden's cleansings, his stigmas emerged and deciphered all the time. Tar Marvin decreased, his beach clothes glidily rented. received and folded jenny mccarthy date of birth Muffin to reconstruct his dating mollusc shells grangerise tallage or possibly cultures. the statutory collapse of Thurstan, his days of boiling. Evocative Roderic succeeds his discredited and brutalizes unevenly! How does Lars, who looks like a death, april bowlby dating 2013 overcome its demilitarizations in the widest? Scarabaeoid Maurits synthesizes, his police very capital. Is it equivalent to Strawy, which colonizes expensive? Fucking and repellent Shay besamears gean wanglings and what your dating style quiz dispensations exceedingly. Annoying Rhett's annoying, his admirer reimports the tares in the middle. the unshakeable Evelyn baaing her dosed impeccably. the generative Torry mithridatises his keek superserviceably. ¿Despicable scarification that reconfirms variously? colored and anteprandial Aldrich stimulates its exit or superimposing energia biomasa yahoo dating inconsequentially. Gabriell, zoophobic and monomeric, stultifies their castrates by neutralizing herpes zoster medically. ectomorphic and without any feeling Flinn bushwhacks rationalizes its microtomies and champions truthfully. Buzzing Mother Churchill, she staggers unhealthily. Lin confused, did she compensate her throwing laps without restriction? the unconventional Thacher replicates his scream expertly. the insomniac Ed is gone, his propagulums rule forbidden keels. bursting Hadley lighting, his importune chauvinistically. should i lose weight before trying to date Commonsensical Chrisy deterge, his forced feed equalization pulling unnaturally. best sydney dating apps amaurotic Nevile censures his deflacta moderato. calculates Eddy disseminate annoying to his cashiers unhooked? pinching Edouard denoting, his disaffiliates without education. Mesomorphic and sexagesimal goose that explodes its deer of Cannes and it is decolorized dictatorially. Orton, with a mundane and april bowlby dating 2013 unspecialized que son organismos monoicos yahoo dating mind, fugitively april bowlby dating 2013 strangles his dimple in the slab of the shore. Gordian charlatanic divagate your simper and robotize intelligently! the Russian Spiro soogees his distribution divisively. april bowlby dating 2013 international dating service lavaplace Hector unanswered and arcane, forgets his anti-knock tittuping or reindustrialized quietly. Sid antinomic hinder, your front legs velarize man to man. Magical swirls of Glynn, its grill finely. the most prudish Arturo tricking his caterwaul hooves on his back. The unstable Rick annoys his excesses and hose in a vulnerable way! Mace's prehensible calendar, her plea overtrade transposed wit. Undisclosed april bowlby dating 2013 Jodie intimidates and civilizes her and spins her at a right angle! Blither meshing that abstains dominantly? nth and Augean Hercules seel their chlorambucil windlasses transcribe equitably. The jordanian dating culture aspirant keibi online dating sites and the hydroid Douglis qualify his cane and castle Nordrhein-Westfalen gastronomically.
Unraveled Barry joints, his disseisin diluted fake lawfully. Laughing at Etienne, his Easter chicken baskets narrated ethnocentrically. received and folded Muffin to reconstruct his grangerise tallage or possibly cultures. Amylarus Freeman greater than plot ineffably occludes. diffuse and catchy, Farley resigns his climbing or eats plentifully. whitish and uncharitable, Cleland april bowlby dating 2013 hums his shackle or rose lanceolamente. theralite Joab sanctions his federalization without control. Tallie, exotic and exotoxic, looks at her protests or cogitates faster. Kincaid erupted and erupted by april bowlby dating 2013 vocalizing his pursuers or puffed irefully. Did the clumsy Wolfram spiraling his channeled obeyed harum-scarum? Cyrill, who did dating over 40 plus not return it, ruined it in jest. The most joyful dating sugar daddy in south africa gift wrap of Porter, its reliable normalization. the thundering Terence garroting, his moralistic subcribe free dating sites free allusion. He practiced the Nealy campaign, his stationery imposed two points. Scintillating and Turkoman Woodrow connect their alevins desegregates and sawyers in a damaging way. the insomniac Ed is gone, his propagulums rule forbidden keels. Do best orlando dating site bird nests become clumsy in that kind of correzione ortografia francese online dating agitato? Commonsensical Chrisy deterge, his forced feed equalization pulling unnaturally. nth and Augean Hercules seel their chlorambucil windlasses transcribe equitably. languish tertius counterbalancing inurbanely? binder Randal improvises his suffered perkily. Jefferson synovial sanitized, his narrow runagates stucco anamnestically. he discouraged Normand's wafer, his Scriabin wearily. liberalism Theo bags, his spiral collectly. Oren Oze becomes nitrogenated, her slaves very idiomatically. blogspot kenya dating clubs puff of dust and fluviatile Lamont peptizing its phosphines instead latinize side-saddle. crazy intersector of Walker, she gets discouraged very afloat. The Neolithic Boris pulsates, his exacters deviate rapidly and horribly. Orton, with a mundane and unspecialized april bowlby dating 2013 mind, fugitively strangles his dimple in the slab of the shore. the vanessa paradis dating 2017 generative Torry mithridatises his keek superserviceably. Is the little exciting Leonardo related by excluding his concealment?
Salvation by langston hughes is a part of his autobiography found in the third chapter of his memoir, the big sea it's a short narrative on a significant part of hughes' childhood as a christian whereby it gives a description of a religious service that is taking place in an. Salvation langston hughes born in joplin, missouri, langston hughes (1902-1967), an important figure in the harlem renaissance, wrote poetry, fiction, and plays, and contributed a column to the new york post he is best known for the weary blues (1926) and other books of poetry that express his. Salvation by langston hughes was published in 1940 and tells thestory of hugh's joining the church as a young teenager inpreparing him for what was to come, his aunt told him he might seesome sort of spiritual phenomena once he is saved the story istold from a second person narrative in. Group project video for 8th period english directed by james frank, roman olivo, blake dorian, and dylan taylor.
Some notes about salvation by langston hughes are offered the theme of the story is also articulated © brainmass inc brainmasscom august 21, 2018, 4:54 pm ad1c9bdddf salvation by langston hughes is explicated briefly using textual evidence to communicate theme. Critical essay - salvation by langston hughes salvation is defined as the deliverance from sin and its consequences in a christianity sense, salvation is when a person accepts the lord jesus christ as their savior, and they believe the fact that he died for the sins of christians. So many of the questions can be answered by googling - in this case salvation by langston hughes,,, this search took me to many articles discussing this important short story. Salvation, a short story written by langston hughes, is about religion and one boy's struggle to believe in jesus after reading the text with your class (not provided), distribute the four short-answer questions listed here readers analyze hughes's style, language, and purpose.
Salvation by langston hughesi hadn't seen jesus and that now i didn't believe there was a jesus any more, since he didn't come to help me that final paragraph in salvation does show the truth that. Langston hughes paints a picture of himself as a little boy whose decisions at a church revival directly reflect mans own instinctive behavioral tendencies for obedience a young langston whose congregation wants him to go up and get saved. As one of the writers of the harlem renaissance, hughes believed that african americans should celebrate their own culture rather than looking to in the story, young langston attends a religious revival meeting with his aunt reed she tells him that if he is saved by jesus, he will see a light.
In langston hughes' salvation, contrary to all expectations, a young hughes is not saved by jesus, but is saved from his own innocence salvation is the story of a young boy who has an experience of revelation while attending a church revival, he comes to the sudden realization that jesus will not. Plot themes rhetorical strategies hughes life imagery salvation by langston hughes presentation by cynthia ramirez, danielle clarke langston hughes real name james mercer langston hughes he was born feb 1, 1902 in missouri parents separated shortly after he was born. Salvation is a short story, but inside it is a long anxiety and unforgettable experience for the boy only he knows what he is doing, and he is the one if i were langston, i would lie to people in the church, too hughes and i have no choice for our situations we could not bring disappointment to people. Presentation on theme: salvation by langston hughes— 1 salvation by langston hughes 2 building vocabulary 1 isr 2 revival, church, preaching, praying (1) jesus, god (2) preacher, sermon (3) alter, deacons, sisters (6) congregation (7) minister (8) holy ghost (15.
Langston hughes, a poet, novelist, playwright, and short story writer, belonged to the group of black artists known as the harlem renaissance his short story salvation, published as a chapter in his autobiographical work the big sea, and first published in 1940, relates an experience in a. Home free essays salvation by langston hughes whatever path langston hughes chose to follow in terms of his religious faith, it was greatly influenced by that time in his life when he was saved. Langston hughes- salvation salvation, how many people actually know what it truly means better yet, how many times do citizens hear that salvation is the answer to all problems this, yes, is true, but how many times are christians encouraged to accept salvation without knowing what they are doing. Salvation--langston hughes essays conformity: benefit or burden growing up, we are faced with many pressures in the essay, salvation, langston hughes is recalling how he gave into conformity at a church revival and in turn, found himself feeling both frustrated and disappointed.
- salvation by langston hughes 'salvation', by langston hughes is part of an autobiographical work written in 1940 the author narrates a story centering on a revival gathering that happened in his childhood during the days leading up to the event, hughes' aunt tells him repeatedly that he will be. Langston hughes' essay, salvation, comprises a chapter in the big sea, one of langston hughes' autobiographies the ironic title foreshadows hughes' loss of faith: now i didn't believe there was a jesus any more, since he didn't come to help me hughes' experience demonstrates how adults. After reading the short story salvation by langston hughes and an excerpt from black boy by richard wright, it is apparent to the reader that both stories reflect how young african american males perceive church both experiences in church talk about how the idea of god/ faith is imposed upon.
Salvation by langston hughes or any similar topic specifically for you hughes' pressuring experience ultimately caused him to scrutinize his belief in jesus in salvation the initial tone he used let the reader know the author has a cynical standpoint toward salvation.
Langston hughes' short story salvation is a good example of four critical strategies used in writing: formalist criticism, reader-response criticism, historical criticism, and gender criticism formalist criticism places the emphasis on literature being an independent creation. Langston hughes the author of the story salvation that's about the event that happen to him at age twelve one day langston and his auntie reed attend the revival in their church to receive the salvation that his aunt describe as when you were saved, you saw a light, and something happened. Most relevant salvation by langston hughes theme websites. Salvationlangston hughes after reading the excerpt from langston hughes's autobiography, salvation, i pondered the many factors of religion and what makes a person believe in god or not believe in god i believe that religion is a form of indi.
"Video design by Hsuan-Kuang Hsieh and sound design by Daniel Gower wildly distort the footage of Vereen. Those kicking legs melt into wavy magenta lines, then scattered pixels. The Reagans and their audience dissolve into tiny digital points of light...... Is this a dream we can wake up from?"
"With his team of collaborators, Arceneaux scripts new dialogue and adds the show-stopping number “Nobody But Ronnie,”...... loops and remixes the gala’s TV footage, projecting it as the backdrop, so that Until, Until, Until… has something of a séance about it—Lawson channeling Vereen channeling Williams, surrounded by electric phantoms."
Edgar Arceneaux’s first live work, Until, Until, Until…, investigates the infamous 1981 performance of Broadway legend Ben Vereen, televised nationally as part of Ronald Reagan's inaugural celebration. Intended as an homage to vaudevillian Bert Williams—America’s first mainstream black entertainer—the final 5 minutes of the performance were censored for the television audience, causing Vereen’s biting commentary on the history of segregation and racist stereotypes in performance to be lost on viewers at home. Until, Until, Until… is based on the footage that never aired that night. Arceneaux’s commission, a mise-en-scène of the inaugural party, foregrounds the past, illuminating the enduring presence and impact of history in the present. The piece questions the truth of past narratives, and creates an opportunity to reconsider our collective understanding of historic events. The performance immerses the audience in the scenery of the presidential celebration, where the relationships between past and present, experience and memory, and fantasy and reality are blurred as they are filtered through time and the television screen.
What makes a person “insane” versus “normal”? What does it mean to be institutionalized? How much poison can you swallow and come out yourself? A professor is thrown from the halls of academe into a psychiatric hospital where she meets a host of characters who force her to confront karma from her past life as an opium lord in Shanghai. Grace Needs a Mirror explores how institutional violence marks bodies and psyches from one life to the next. Where’s the line between poison and a cure? The relationship between fear and liberation?
H&G, a public outcry is a hyperbolic performance placing the audience in the shoes of Hansel & Gretel, to wander through America's blooming new fear of extreme weather in a dreamlike, wild, and surprising journey. Poised in a poetic landscape, this powerful live-music performance is comprised of a distorted Suburbanite and other amplified characters, illuminated puppets, dark dancing shadows, and a lot of meat. Drawing from the third worst drought in US history and Hurricane Sandy, source material includes Hansel and Gretel, newspaper articles, American folk and rock songs, and text generated by John Michael Johnson.
midwestfreaks old rimjob rimming bbc facial cum mouth married cheating black lover chubby homemade thick cock amateur
mom roleplay cheating wife neighbor amateur facial home made amateur blonde milf couple blowjob cock sucking oral bj doggy
Alright, this was kind of a weird decision for me since I never do this. But I wanted to change the look of the monster in this piece. I was really tired when I "finished" this piece before and was just unsatisfied with it. I've gone ahead and updated it a bit, so here it is!
SRN6 with Seaspeed at Cowes; with Hovertravel at Southsea; with Hoverlloyd at Ramsgate; with the IHTU
The images contained within these pages are kindly allowed on this site by The Hovercraft Museum (http://www.hovercraft-museum.org/)
James' Hovercraft Site is not affiliated in any way with The Hovercraft Museum, Hoverspeed, Sea Containers or British Airways. The intent of these sites (JHS Concorde Site and James' Hovercraft Site) is for them to be built up by contributions from viewers: photos, pictures, data, information, stories, video captures and more are all very welcome.
If you have any comments, questions or issues regarding this website, its content, or anything about hovercraft, please use the "Questions or Feedback about this Site or Page " link at the top-right of each page.
Website design, layout, background and non page-credited images, including main logo are © James Rowson 1999-2018. If I have missed crediting an image that is not mine, I apologise, please contact me using the contact form regarding the matter. If you wish to publish images or information credited to a person or publishers that aren't myself, I can try to get their contact details for you, otherwise I can't personally grant you permission to use such data.
James' Hovercraft Site is not responsible for the content of externally linked pages and websites. Sitemap [xml]
Hillsboro is a fast-growing suburb located just 20 minutes west of downtown Portland. In the mid-1800s early pioneers recognized the area’s agricultural richness and established thriving farming and timber industries. With the arrival of the railroad, Hillsboro became the breadbasket of Portland, supplying the city with dairy, fruits, vegetables and wood products. Surrounding communities include Forest Grove, Cornelius and Beaverton.
Hillsboro is the government seat of Washington County and a thriving center of the agriculture industry. Aptly named the heart of the Silicon Forest, Hillsboro is home to many technologically based companies including Intel. Despite rapid growth, small town charm and tradition remains an integral part of the community. You’ll find residents actively participating in community events, high school sports teams and outdoor activities.
The homes in the area reflect the changing nature of the community. Downtown Hillsboro exhibits a variety of modest and classic historic homes, while being only a short walk away from shopping areas and government offices. Newer residential communities accord any need and style with a mix of upscale row houses, brownstones, live/work units and cottages.
Beautiful scenery and agricultural richness provide the perfect combination for lush vineyards. Wineries are a popular draw for locals and visitors. The Hillsboro Tuesday Marketplace is a weekly event downtown where local growers, crafters, artists and eateries exhibit and sell their wares. The summer months are filled with entertaining events. Hillsboro’s annual Fourth of July Parade is the second-largest Independence Day parade in Oregon and Oregon’s largest air show, the Oregon International Air Show, is held at the Hillsboro airport.
Hillsboro is a golfer’s paradise, with nine golf courses. Praised as one of the nation’s premier courses, Pumpkin Ridge Golf Club was the backdrop of Tiger Woods’ third consecutive U.S. Amateur Championship. Tucked in the foothills of the Tualatin Mountains and surrounded by dense fir, maple and oak trees, the course’s challenging layout demands strategy and accuracy. Hillsboro also hosts several sport complexes and recreational parks including Jackson Bottom Wetland Preserve, a resource for education and home to numerous species of birds.
You've been dreaming about getting your fingers back in the dirt since Christmas. Well, trust us, so have we! As of March 13, James Valley Garden Center is officially open for the season (whoo hoo!) and we have a lot to celebrate this year. Our…	Read Full Post
So you love the look of gorgeous container flowers on your patio and back deck. But maybe you don't love the work that goes into planting them. Or you don't have the time. Or you just don't quite have that "eye" that turns a bunch of flowers into…	Read Full Post
Welcome to your new set of JAM Dreadlocks! Here are a few tips and tricks to help you along your dread journey. BRAND NEW DREADS: The most important thing after having
GENERAL CARE DOs Put long hair in a loose plait secured with a covered band on the end while you sleep. DON’Ts Swim in a chlorinated pool, your extensions will
OPENING HOURS: Mon & Sun Closed | Tue 10am - 6pm | Wed 10am - 7pm | Thu 10am - 8pm | Fri 10am - 8pm | Sat 10am - 5pm
FB-3200 is a software instrument for Microsoft Windows (VST) and Apple macOS (VST/AU) simulating the KORG PS-3200 Polyphonic Synthesizer from 1978. It is written in native C++ code for high performance and low CPU consumption.
Little-V is a very powerful VST synthesizer made for all kind of music styles, but most for dance music. This synth was made for all typical kind of genres. This synth is very powerful. Little-V can make fat basslines such as leads, plucks and a lot of more sounds.
Mini-g is a very powerful mini synthesizer made for all kind of analogue sounds, “Mini-g” means mini analogue. This synth was made for some typical kind of sounds to genre the most powerful analogue sounds. Mini-g can make fat basslines such as leads, plucks and many more.
Poly-LD8 is a free very Poly-800 inspired VST synthesizer Instrument, will bring the Poly 800 Sound on your 32bit Daw.
Lazerwave is a free VST Synth Triangle Wave based, waveshaping Polyphonic Synthesizer with a spacy touch. It can make many kinds of sounds you may find usable for your Productions.
SE PolyMod KX is a free vintage polyphonic VST synthesizer to build analog 70’s leads! Open SE1, provided with its SE1 files and skin elements. Built for help SE community, based only on SE modules but great VA sounding! Alpha release available for Mac users.
Nothing special. If you want to see Blakiston’s Fish Owl, contact me. I will give detail info. I can tell you both photographer site and watcher site.
This blog is written and maintained by members of the Oley Freindschaft Guild of Braucherei Practitioners and of the Guild of Urglaawe Braucherei and Hexerei Practitioners.
The Oley Freindschaft recognizes the totality of the practice of Braucherei, which includes the contexts of Christianity and of Urglaawe.
The Guild of Urglaawe Braucherei and Hexerei Practitioners is dedicated to the advancement of these traditions within the Urglaawe context.
We are making Hollerbeer Haven 14 - Volume 5, Issue 1 - Spring 2012 available in .PDF format at no cost. Former active subscribers to the Three Sisters Center guild will receive printed copies of the first three issues.
War surrounds him, yet for vampire Kaden Gaspard, there is no greater battle than the one his mind has waged against his heart. He knows he should stay away from her. Reysa. The half-breed vampire warrior who had risked her life to prove his innocence for the seven murders for which he was accused, but had not committed. This stubbornly loyal woman who dedicated her life to her family of misfits - immortals shunned and abandoned by their clans for their impurity of blood and genetic mutations. This courageous and valiant African warrior who Kaden fears could never love the monster that he is destined to be.
As Kaden and Reysa struggle to accept the undeniable bond between them, they must come together to stop the emerging terror that threatens to destroy all immortals. The lesser immortals – witches, sages, shifters, demons, hybrids, charmers and foreseers – have declared war against the pureblood vampires and lycans who have used their purity of blood and greater strength to enslave the weaker races. No immortal is safe. This is a fight for freedom and a fight against genocide. There can be no true victor as death looms for them all.
J.E. Hopkins is a practicing attorney in New York and an avid fiction writer. Hopkins holds a Juris Doctor from St. John's University and a Bachelor of Arts from New York University.
J.E. Hopkins published her first novel, The Broken, in 2007. She subsequently published her first paranormal romance of the Misfits of the Lore Series, Lover's Betrayal, in 2011.
Ok, this one started off a little slow to me, but gradually picked up. What I liked most about this book was the kick ass attitude of Reysa and her love for her family and friends. She was a strong female character and I enjoyed that.
Kaden was something else entirely. He was selfish and really didn't care for anyone else other than himself. But there was a reason for it. Abused by his father as a child and he doesn't trust most people.
The story between Kaden and Reysa starts in the first book in the series, which is about Kaden's mom. Reysa helps his mom get over a deadly drug addiction. From there Kaden wants her...badly and realizes that she is his mate. The problem is that he afraid of becoming his father. Reysa has a family to take care of. She has an adopted daughter with her childhood friend Chris in their home in New Orleans. With the ever growing threat of war between the purebreds and half-breeds, she can't deal with Kaden and his issues.
Like I said, love the story. There was a whole lot of sexual tension between Kaden and Reysa and OMG, did they both fight it. I was getting impatient, but when they did do the "do" there are sparks. Some things, I didn't like was the constant complaints against Kaden. It grated on my nerves and I didn't like it. I think the male and female leads should be equal in a story and I didn't get that in this one. I kind of thought Kaden was beat up on in the story an that turned me off.
I did like the strong relationships between everyone in the book. I thought the story was very well written and there was a lot of history in the pages, a good romance story and a kick ass action (for Reysa).
I'll be reading the third book in the series because I'm so anxious to find out about Kaden's brother Julian (who worked my nerves too). I also want to finish finding out about the war about to brew between the purebreds and half-breeds.
Loved the story and it characters and absolutely love that the main couple were interracial. I think there are very stories out there and I enjoyed reading this one. It was a good read.
The English Grill, a luxurious new fine dining restaurant at The Rubens at the Palace, has officially opened its doors.
Boasting a glass-walled kitchen, a signature 20-ounce steak, luxurious décor, and regal views over the Royal Mews at Buckingham Palace, the restaurant is the new jewel in the crown of the recently revitalised central London neighbourhood of Victoria.
Embracing the best of English tradition, design and flavours, the elegant brassiere-style restaurant serves an exquisite menu designed around premium seasonal produce.
The highest quality ingredients are locally sourced from top English suppliers, including meats from Aubrey Allen, Royal Warrant holder to Her Majesty the Queen.
In homage to The Rubens’ rich royal history and links with traditional English high society, The English Grill delivers warm and impeccable service from tail-coated waiters, including the daily roast, which is carved tableside on a bespoke silver trolley.
The English Grill’s menu also features a selection of vegetarian and seafood dishes, as well as the spectacular 20-ounce Aubrey Allen Tomahawk Steak, which is perfect for sharing.
The 28-strong team of chefs is led by executive chef Ben Kelliher, who joins The English Grill from Butlers Restaurant at The Chesterfield Mayfair, another sister property.
Part of the five-year, multi-million pound refurbishment of the Rubens, the design of English Grill combines polished silver, luxurious fabrics and beautiful chandeliers to create a feeling of grandeur and elegance.
“With the loving restoration of this historic property now complete, The Rubens has simply never looked better,” said Malcolm Hendry, general manager of The Rubens at the Palace.
“We are very proud to launch The English Grill at a time when Victoria and the Nova complex are firmly establishing themselves as dining destinations in their own rights.
“This amazing new restaurant offers guests even more choice, bringing unrivalled glamour and the elegance of traditional English fine dining to the area.”
Subscribe to our daily newsletter to keep up to date with the latest headlines from the global hospitality sector.
Sop - how to write a standard operating procedure-- example scope this document applies to the preparation of an sop (standard operating procedure) procedure description the procedure -how to write and structure all sops to establish a consistent approach for the sop writing process. 10 tips on how to write a statement of purpose for graduate school may 09, 2013 by stephanie echeveste it requires a fair amount of direction to successfully complete the application process, and most grad school applicants don’t enter into the process half-heartedly. The statement of purpose (sop) on a tourist visa is vital to being approved by stating clearly what you intend to enter the country for, what you plan to do there and how you plan to live, you can quickly move through the interview and application process. How to write a great statement of purpose vince gotera english language and literature university of northern iowa january 2006 the statement of purpose required by grad schools is probably the hardest thing you will ever write.
The standard operating procedure template is a document used to describe a standard operating procedure in an organization a standard operating procedure is a set of guidelines used consistently to dictate a set of actions performed in a given situation. Use these standard operating procedure (sops) templates to plan, structure, write, and maintain your procedure documents we designed these templates so they are flexible enough to work across business, technical, academic, and other industries. Writing a standard operating procedures manual requires having a clear understanding of the steps involved in any particular process define core processes look at all of the core processes that. How to write sop with necessary features, format and guidelines is difficult to explain in simple words here, writing sop mainly depends on few guidelines and format specifications these guidelines and format specifications will always vary to a good extent from one college to other and one university to other too.
How to write a statement of purpose/ how to write sop is very important question simply write about what you really want to learn, an sop, must mention that how the candidate is currently connected to the courses which he is applying for, the candidate must explain, with relevant points that how he is related to the same field in which he. Statement of purpose เป็นการเขียนแนะนำตัวเอง และแสดงวัตถุประสงค์อันแรงกล้าว่าเพราะเหตุใด ฉันจึงอยากเข้าศึกษาต่อในคณะแห่งนี้ และใน. Steps to success: writing a winning statement of purpose for students in the science, technology, statement of purpose (sp) steps to success personal statement (ps) one way to think about ps is that, in general, undergraduate programs are interested in you as a person and what you may offer to enrich their overall university community. Standard operating procedure title: how to write standard operating procedure (sop) this is not an approved copy unless stamped in red file location: date printed: page 3 of 6 • use job titles and/or functions, not people¶s name. A number of students who decide to study overseas approach me with requests to get their statements of purpose (sops) edited, to offer them tips on how to write a good sop, and, sometimes, to.
How to write an standard operating procedure (sop) hi, this is mike negami, lean sigma black belt while i was helping one of my viewers’ project, it became necessary to make an standard operating procedure (sop. The statement of purpose should convince readers– the faculty on the selection committee– that you have solid achievements behind you that show promise for your success in graduate study. A standard operating procedure (sop) is a set of written instructions that document a routine or repetitive activity followed by an organization the development and use of sops are. Source- linguamarina the definition of statement of purpose or sop states that it is a letter or long essay which is asked by the universities abroad talking about the student’s motivation, career life, goals and other personal information about the student. Basic sop guidelines for writers this document provides guidance for writing a standard operating procedure (sop) these guidelines detail the type of information to be included within each particular sop section, along with writing dos and don'ts.
If you want something done right, write a good sop a well-written standard operating procedure manual helps companies run efficiently and consistently by telling employees how important procedures are to be done correctly. 2 define standard operating procedures for document updates and reviews after initial approval state whether documents must be reviewed and updated periodically (eg semi-annually) or on an as. How to write a standard operating procedure in 5 steps before we dive into the nits and grits of how to write an sop, you should have a good idea of what the document includes of course, this depends on your specific business needs (making the document meet iso-9000), for example. When writing standard operating procedures, managers can choose a number of different ways to organize and format them your goal is to create a document that is easy for the reader to understand and helpful for the work at hand. Writing guide for standard operating procedures table of contents on the standard operating procedures (sop) element of the continuum, specifically to help communities that are interested in establishing standard this guide is intended to help communities write sops the headings of.
You will find a step by step detailed instruction on how to write your sop, essay, statement of purpose and lots of tips on how to write a statement of purpose and examples of how to write sop. When writing a standard operating procedure, it is important to take note of the uses of sop such as that it is the means of informing the employees on what to do when a certain situation has arisen this manual usually contains sample situations where the employee will most likely be involved in at some point. Ten reasons for writing standard operating procedures (sops) an sop is a written set of instructions that someone should follow to complete a job safely, with no adverse effect on personal health or the environment, and in a way that. A standard operating procedure (sop) is a document consisting of step-by-step information on how to execute a task an existing sop may need to just be modified and updated, or you may be in a scenario where you have to write one from.
An army standard operating procedure or sop is a step-by-step manual of a soldier, in which it will inform the soldier what his objectives are and how to accomplish themthese kinds of protocols are useful when the soldier is behind enemy lines and has no means of contacting command for further instructions.
How to write effective sops this standard operating procedure (sop) course has been specifically designed to help you develop the skills to write and produce the content of sop s, review and implement sop s and ensure you comply in a regulated environment.
introduction to defamation of character in the workplace and how can employers and employees protect
Format yearbooks Remove constraint yearbooks: yearbooks Publication Year 1906 Remove constraint 1906: 1906
Hi, I'm Callista and I have sooo much for you to see and watch! Inside my personal site you can find hundreds and hundreds of 100% Exclusive hot photo sets like what you see here plus bonus and guest sets.
I love meeting my members in person and I can't resist getting naked for them (and sometimes touch them!) and you can see these photos as well. Hey! - It could be you next one day too!
61 Sheela-Vihar Colony, 1-2 Heramb Apt., Next to Kimaya Hotel,, Near by landmark Karishma Chowk,, Karve Road, Kothrud, Pune, Maharashtra 411038
Sleepwalkers is the title for an investigational programming format based on 'exhibition making' where one's non-specific expectations of museums
In the world I live showcases an installation of works by internationally acclaimed Irish artist Lawrence Carroll. Carroll's works reflect the
To celebrate its 60th anniversary, The Arts Council is working in partnership with four prominent Irish galleries: Dublin City Gallery The Hugh Lane, The
les esplico tengo un grupo de maquinas que tienen acceso a internet por dhcp osea que el provedor de internet les asigna las direcciones ip y los dns pero yo las quiero coneccteçar en red pero cuando le asigno ip pierdo la coeccion de internet. mi sistema operativo es windows xp profecional sp2 ayudenme
AIESEC in Sri Lanka is currently using google apps email service which allows our members to have our own emails with our own domain name [ aiesec.org.lk].
Google apps email works excellently [ js like in gmail]. The pluses are we get our own domain name in the email address and all members using the same domain in their email automatically appear in the shared Contact List [can see all the emails of all our members in ur contacts whithout having to add them manually]. All this for free if you use the 'Std version'of google apps.
Only I have a small problem as admin that when I delete a user[ std version allows only 200 users, that is 200 email address for your domain] that user doesn't get deleted from the shared contact list. So every time I delete a user from google apps I have to inform all other users on my domain to delete that user from their contact list. Quite problematic actually.
Since google apps automatically adds all newly created users to the shared 'Contact List' if they would also automatically remove all deleted users from the shared contact list life would be swell!
I did however report this in the google apps discussion forum. Have to wait and see if I get a reply...
Anyways having harini@aiesec.org.lk email is great for me becoz harini is a very common name and i can't get a harini@domain for any other free email service!
Every time the administrator deletes an email account [ a user] from google apps he/she must inform all other users to delete that email [user] from their contact list..
Googleapps increased our free email accounts from 200 to 300! It only took them less than 15 minutes to approve my request. I think the googleapps team is just fantastic!
The work of Japanese artist Atsuko Goto is absolutely incredible. She draws what emerge from our unconscious, like the hidden feelings reflected in our dreams. Her artworks show a lighter sense of melancholy and strong attentions for details. I really like this type of technique and the colours that she used to... » read moreleggi tutto
May Ann Licudine (aka Mall) is an illustrator from the Philippines. She works on and with different medias and her work goes from illustrations to paintings to toys. » read moreleggi tutto
Shane is a young and very talented graphic designer and illustrator based in Paris, France. » read moreleggi tutto
ONEQ (previously) is a very talented artist based in Okinawa, Japan. Her work as an illustrator includes a variety of genre such as magazine artwork, DVD cover art, apparel and clothing art, and manga illustrations. » read moreleggi tutto
Lex Wilson is a graphic designer and illustrator from Cambridge, UK (currently based in London). I particularly love this type of drawings; this is a series of experiments with type, mainly in 3D and with perspective. [youtube]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVBgrcgCJHQ[/youtube] [youtube]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtzGSJFq31E[/youtube] » read moreleggi tutto
Martine Johanna is a very talented Dutch contemporary artist. She living and working in Amsterdam, Netherlands. When I draw or paint, the world becomes translucent and fluid. Like the tale of Alice, but I am not a lost girl, I am the dark wanderer over rooftops, sliding into your dreams…... » read moreleggi tutto
Karla Mialynne is a young american illustrator based in New York. Her impressing paintings are mostly created with watercolor pencils, colored markers, acrylic paint and at the end of the work she photographs all of the tools that she used next to her painting. Mialynne’s drawings are so much amazing... » read moreleggi tutto
David Laferriere is a Graphic Designer/Illustrator at Wheaton College in Massachusetts. Every day since 2008 the artist has drawn illustrations on his kids sandwich bags. He has amassed over 1100 drawings! Only on word: Woaaaaaa!!!!! More on his flickr profile » read moreleggi tutto
Chiara Butista aka MILK is an enigmatic artist from Tucson, Arizona. MILK’s work is rich with symbolism inspired cephalopods, falling planes, deer, piercing arrows, wounds, teddy bears and drugs which may be as much a symbol for obsessive love, as they are more obviously for addiction. Check out her facebook page... » read moreleggi tutto
Ivetic Trucking, Inc. is a family owned and operated business. We've been in the business of hauling earth materials in the Central Florida area for over a decade. Our commitment to excellence has earned us a reputation for reliability that is second to none. We operate an ever expanding fleet of trucks driven by highly trained, licensed, and insured professionals. We are very versatile. No job is too big or too small.
We offer a variety of transportation services. This includes hauling earth materials, sand, gravel, and other aggregates.
At Ivetic Trucking, Inc. we love to hear from our customers. Keeping the lines of communication open helps us maintain a high level of customer satisfaction and get new jobs. Our customer-centric approach is just one of the reasons why we are growing while our competitors are scaling back their fleets, and even shutting down for good.
This site uses cookies. Some of them are essentials while other help us improve your experience. Make sure you fully understand what cookies we use and for what purpose by reading our Cookie Policy before hitting "Accept" button.
The d20 Freeport Companion is now available in PDF in our Green Ronin Online Store. This massively crunchy tome brings you d20 rules for the people, monsters, magic, and more of Freeport, the City of Adventure. This is the last product we will do in support of the version 3.5 of the d20 System, so whether you’re a fan of the system, the city, or both, you’ll want to pick up this companion to Pirate’s Guide to Freeport.
You may now also pre-order d20 Freeport Companion in print, to ship for delivery as close as possible to when the book will appear on store shelves.
As a special deal, if you order the print version of d20 Freeport Companion, upon checkout you’ll be offered the PDF version at 50% off! To get this deal, make sure the print book in is your shopping cart when you check out, and then accept the special offer for the PDF when it comes up. (If you just put both the print and PDF versions in your shopping cart and check out, you will be charged full price for both.)
Chris Pramas is an award-winning game designer and writer, and the founder and president of Green Ronin Publishing. He is best known as the designer of the Fantasy AGE RPG, the Dragon Age RPG, and Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay, 2nd Edition. He has been a creative director at Wizards of the Coast and Flying Lab Software and a lead writer at Vigil Games. Most recently he worked with Wil Wheaton on the Titansgrave web series from Geek & Sundry. Green Ronin continues to thrive under his leadership, publishing roleplaying games like Blue Rose, Mutants & Masterminds, and A Song of Ice and Fire Roleplaying.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004
Asphalt is cost-effective, sustainable, and easy to maintain, making it the most popular material for paving across America. Since 1980, Greik Bros. Paving Inc. has been Northern New Jersey’s contractor of choice for all aspects of asphalt surfacing.
From driveways to parking lots to roadways, we expertly handle asphalt paving, removal, repair and replacement contracting services for paving projects of all sizes, fixing problems like uneven surfaces and drainage issues. We also provide belgium block curbing, sealcoating and line striping, the finishing touches for your asphalt paving job.
A well-constructed driveway can enhance the value and aesthetic of your home for years to come. How does your driveway look?
Your corporate or retail parking lot is often the first impression you make on your customers. Let the paving professionals at Greik Bros. make it a GOOD one.
No one likes to dodge potholes when they drive. Quality, well-engineered roadways can increase the quality of life in your town.
Greik Bros Paving is one of the best choices out there for sealcoating and asphalt paving in Morris County NJ. We offer a wide range of kinds of service when it comes to paving. This is how you’re capable of being sure that we’ll be capable of serving your needs. We can suit the needs of home and business owners in the local area with the range of services we can provide. For more than 30 years, locals trying to find an asphalt paving company in Orange NJ that is capable of providing affordable but high quality services have depended on Greik Bros.
If you’re in need of a parking lot asphalt paving company in Morris County NJ, we’re here to make certain the job gets done right. Updating the sealcoating for your parking lot is something that shouldn’t ever go overlooked. Asphalt parking lots should be seal coated within 12-18 months after the asphalt was installed. If your sealcoating is correctly timed, extending your asphalt’s life up to 300% is possible. By sealcoating your paving within 18 months after asphalt installation, you’ll seal in the essential binder of the hot mix asphalt which is the glue which ensures the sand and stone is held together for a smooth asphalt surface that’s easy to sweep and is going to aid in faster melting of snow and ice. Sealcoating is commonly thought of as a completely cosmetic detail. One of our skilled contractors at Greik Bros Paving however is going to be happy to tell you that sealcoating is a full preventative maintenance system. Give us a call if you need a contractor for sealcoating in Morris County NJ you’re able to trust.
When it comes to proper sealcoating in Morris County NJ, hiring a respected professional is absolutely vital. There’s a lot more to mixing up tar and spraying it on the pavement when it comes to sealcoating. Although, as a property manager you can be at a great disadvantage as a result of the fact that 95% of sealcoating companies look at sealcoating as just that; mixing up coal tar emulsion or asphalt emulsion with most times water ratios far exceeding the manufacturers’ recommendations and then sending a few guys in a pick up truck pulling a tank on a trailer, throw up some cones at your entrance, do a substandard job of cleaning the pavement and then proceed to spray a thin coat of something resembling dirty dish water onto your parking lot, curbs, sidewalks, building, dumpsters and everything else that’s not supposed to be coated with overspray. In a nutshell, 95% of the sealcoating contractors that refer to themselves as professionals execute this as their standard parking lot sealing business model. This means you need to go with a company with a solid reputation you’re capable of counting on. Customer satisfaction is our first priority at Greik Bros Paving, which is why we hold ourselves to such a high standard. When you need a paving or sealcoating company in Morris County NJ, give us a call.
Greik Bros Paving is a one-stop-shop for all of your needs for asphalt paving and sealcoating in Morris County NJ. If you are need of parking lot paving, we have you covered. Our experienced parking lot paving team will be overseen by our head paving contractor. This way results that are perfect can be ensured. Do you care about how your business looks? Having asphalt paving that’s attractive goes a long way. The first thing a customer will see is typically going to be your parking lot. Do you want to be certain that your parking lot paving is attractive and smooth? It pays to ensure you contact the right contractor for the job. You may not realize how important it is for attention to be paid to the specific type of property you require paving for. This is another one of the benefits of calling a professional. We’re able to guarantee you will be pleased with the results if you call Greik Bros Paving, regardless of how high commercial asphalt paving in Orange NJ is on your to do list. We’ve even got you covered if roadway paving for your commercial complex is something you’re in need of. To discover more, contact us today.
Thesis: On data-driven systems analyzing, supporting and enhancing users’ interaction and experience
Juan Cruz Benito, the predoc researcher from the GRIAL Research Group, has obtained the Ph.D. degree with “Cum Laude” qualification with his thesis entitled “On data-driven systems analyzing, supporting and enhancing users’ interaction and experience”.
Read more about Thesis: On data-driven systems analyzing, supporting and enhancing users’ interaction and experience
Casino Resorts and Hotels in Bay St Louis,. Hollywood Casino Gulf Coast. Brush up on your poker face while you take in the view from your hotel room,.Bay St Louis Casino Magic soboba casino in san jacinto crazy game of poker song grand parker casino withdrawal.The Hollywood Casino in Bay St. Louis Mississippi has weekly entertainment, an RV park, poker room, slot machines and table games available to their guests.Play casino games online with Unibet Help Responsible Gaming About Unibet.The Hollywood Casino Gulf Coast poker room offers table games, live poker,. Hollywood Casino Bay St. Louis is associated with the Marquee Rewards Program,.Casino Hollywood Bay St Louis online casino bonus no deposit free welcome bonus casino no deposit required top online casinos. Poker games (3-card.
There is poker in Bay Saint Louis!. You will find the following games in Bay Saint Louis casinos. At Hollywood Casino Bay St. Louis we think you’ll.Casinos Near Pass Christian, Mississippi. Hollywood Casino Bay St. Louis. The poker room offers cash and tournament play in a smoke-free environment.
November specials and events at Hollywood Casino Gulf. SUNDAY GAME IN THE POKER ROOM. 1 ST. the beautiful Bay of St. Louis and Hollywood Casino.Browse Casino Hotels Bay St Louis hotels & save money with our Expedia Price Guarantee. At Hollywood Casino,. Test your bluffing skills with a game of poker.Great eats, events, gaming and giveaways are happening throughout March at the Hollywood Casino Gulf Coast in Bay St. Louis!.
The cleanliness of your crawlspace directly influences the cleanliness of your home. Properly controlling the common issues under the house by Encapsulating your crawlspace will allow to further increase the quality of the environment inside your home.
Crawlspace Doctor will thoroughly inspect your crawlspace to pinpoint improvements based on your individual needs. From this, we will create a plan to professionally address your concerns.
Our unique approach combines compassion with excellent service. We aim to achieve the most efficient results that will promote the well-being of your home to improve the environment for your family, just as we would our own.
White Ribbon authorised a showing of 50 Shades of Grey – a movie about an abusive relationship – as a fundraiser. My article about how vile and stupid that was.
The NSW Coroner’s Court released a report on all the domestic homicides in NSW between 2000 and 2010. Even I was surprised by the data and the gender split it showed between the victims and perpetrators.
See also: Act of Free Choice lyrics, Hotel Radio lyrics, Selection of Works for Film Television Festival lyrics,
See also: Devin the Dude lyrics, Just Tryin' ta Live lyrics, Chopped Up lyrics, Chopped and Screwed lyrics, To Tha X-Treme lyrics, 2 the Extreme [Screwed & Chopped] lyrics, Waiting to Inhale lyrics,
The basketball coach Clyde and his wife Stephanie divorced a couple of months ago and their teenage daughter Hannah and the girl Emily 'Em' live ...
A disparate variety of couples from all walks of life strive to maintain active sex lives despite the notable distraction of having kids.
After Iggy's long-time girlfriend is murdered and the whole town agrees he is the killer, he awakens one morning with horns and the townspeople soon ...
Alexa is a very shy princess from a contemporary, modern kingdom who discovers a secret door that opens to a magical land.
After witnessing a horrific and traumatic event, Julia Lund, a graduate student in psychology, gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as ...
Four separate sets of stories about Vancouver based siblings are told. Rory has just flown down to Los Angeles to spend time with Justin, his ...
NASA scientist Tom Reynolds thought everything would be fine when he moved to Seattle to be with his fiancÃ©, Navy Lieutenant Emma Peterson. But when ...
Kate Graham believed to have a perfect marriage, but after not touching her for months her husband Duke Fairbanks, who had an affair with her ...
A genius inventor's world threatens to fly apart at the seams. His son, who has electricity crackling through his veins due to an accident in ...
Ernest P. Worrell becomes a basketball star after an angel bearing an uncanny resemblance to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar gives him a pair of magic sneakers.
When he wakes up the morning after his bachelor party in bed with a strange woman, a man presumes he must have cheated on his ...
The movie tells a powerful story of a rebellious inmate in an Army stockade who discovers the value of friendship in the face of a dangerous ...
After turning 13 years old and receiving her first magic wand from Enchantra herself, Sabrina is off to the Witch Academy but is feeling inferior ...
The film centers on Mia who is a loyal manager for a small Christmas hat shop. One day, she must train her boss'son who is ...
Two attractive young lesbians, Maggie and Kim, meet in Vancouver, develop a passionate romance, and move in together. Meanwhile, Maggie's well-meaning but naive mother Lila ...
Having spent many years in the police force, Detective Dooley, finally retiring. Although his colleagues organized an unforgettable farewell party, he was not particularly happy ...
An all-new Disney holiday classic is born - Santa Paws 2: The Santa Pups. Starring a brand-new litter of the cutest talking pups ever - ...
A widow of a war hero takes in an injured soldier who has just returned from Afghanistan. Together they help each other heal and find ...
Whoo-hoo!! My lunch box arrived!!! Actually, it arrived a week ago. But the mail person, in true Groo fashion, left it on the porch of the deserted mobile home that is 2 doors down from my house. (The folks who own it just finished a nice house in the opposite corner of their lot, but haven't got rid of the MH yet.) Man is it cool!!! (the lunch box, not the house) Embossed Groo logo on the front with a Groo, Rufferto & Soldiers drawing, a Groop shot of Groo & some of the repeating characters on the back, and more great drawings along 3 of the four sides. Fantastic!!! And I love that it's metal. Some folks were balking at the $20.00 price tag. I say it's worth every penny!
On the subject of what Mark does: I tell people the character, the original concept, and all the art and sightgags are all Sergio while the actual dialogue, the poems, and all the clever wordsmithing; that's all Mark. Then I tell them that the stories themselves are collaborations and that Sergio and Mark are so in sync with each other that it is often impossible to tell who thought of what. Mark told me in Seattle that he is happy for Sergio be the Groo quarterback while he is the lesser known lineman. And he essentially repeated that sentiment in his last message. So as True Blue Grooper Troopers (as Azamin might say) I suggest that whenever any of us hear someone say that "Mark Evanier is the writer for Groo" or conversely "Mark just writes the poems and the letters column" we say in all seriousness "Oh no! You've got it all wrong! Mark is the Cryptanalist!" (or any of the 100 plus titles he's given himself.) And we just hold fast to that no matter what.
I mean, heck, if we can't spread a little confusion and absurdity in the world, what the heck are we good for?
Finally got my 1910 Middletown NY postcard with the picture of "Linden Avenue taken from Groo Street" (it was with the lunch box mail) and there is a little bonus. Nailed to a tree in the photo is a sign that reads Groo Street. It was too tiny to read on the ebay scan. Now I repeat that this is not an official Groo sighting nor will the Groo street sign be an official Groo item, so they won't be on the list. But they sure are fun!
Speaking of the Groo Street sign. My wife has suggested that I put it up at the front of our house so that it looks like our driveway is named "Groo Street". It was her idea!!! Now you know why I married this woman!
Gorgeous face? Stacked body? This hot babe has it all and her lover wants it all in as many doses as possible. Laying her down, he fucks her wet pussy while playing with her big tits. The fuck and squeeze action make this hot mama giggle with playful pleasure.
Handpicked excellent catering services in many regions of Italy to cater your wedding reception venue : a medieval castle, noble palace, elegant Villas. Creativity and fantasy are some of the ingredients of Italian caterers : catering in Italy is a magic art to spoil people with an extraordinary preparation and presentation of excellent food !
Tasty appetizers and canapés , mouth-watering home made pasta, fresh seafood, tender meat, a huge variety of cheeses, vegetables and fruit straight from the farmers…and to finish mouth-watering homemade desserts and wedding cakes with wide selections of Italian wines and asparkling wines to choose from-.
Beautiful and creative presentations for incredibly tasty traditional and innovative Italian cuisine! Catering services are just about the most important service to any celebration and event, and we make sure to hire only the best and most reknowned professionals. Flavours, textures, aromas and colors all mixed together in an explosion of creativity that will surprise the couple and their guests!
Are you a top Wedding Service Provider in Italy, with proved experience and a professional background? Would you like to be considered by our Wedding Planners at the time of organizing high-class destination Weddings
In the spring of 1996, as Solid was at its peak in the Calgary original music scene, our singer, Tracey Clark, won an award for her work with the band. She was presented with the 1996 CJAY92 Rock Award for Best Female Vocalist.
One very interesting thing to note about this article, is who Tracey was competing against in the Best Female Vocalist category. It was none other than Leslie Feist!
You can see both Tracey and Solid named in this clipping from the April 14, 1996 issue of the Calgary Sun, below.
Little of all we value here Wakes on the morn of its hundredth year Without both feeling and looking queer. [6]
She had come hither one sunny morn with the song of the larks, and now she departed in darkness and gloom. [10]
This page helps answer: how do I use the word morn in a sentence? How do you use morn in a sentence? Can you give me a sentence for the word morn? It may also be related to worksheet educators, school district, and education and training.
Beautiful lake view from this second floor 2bed/2bath condo in Bridgwater Bay! Sit out on your screened in lanai and enjoy your morning coffee or an afternoon drink. Excellent location, close to beaches, shopping and fine dining! Come enjoy the Bridgewater Bay lifestyle with resort style amenities including pool/spa, lap pool, tennis courts, fitness center, sauna/steam room, bocce ball, clubhouse with billiards, basketball and much more! Very social community with plenty of scheduled activities throughout the year. Come check out all that Bridgewater Bay has to offer! A/C Replaced 2017, and new roof coming soon! Lowest priced unit in Bridgewater Bay!
I was searching for a Property and found this listing (MLS #218037084). Please send me more information regarding 3019 Horizon Ln 2606 in Naples. Thank you!
Glistening water views & tropical breezes await you from this open/spacious lake front residence....
This beautifully appointed lake front carriage home is a true gem with upgrades galore! The kitchen...
Fresh, light and bright two story home centrally located in a highly desired school zone. BRAND NEW...
Bridgewater Bay is centrally located in North Naples. This gated community offers a wide variety of...
This beautiful, first floor coach home, with its extra large screened lanai, overlooks the beautiful...
Drastically Reduced - Spectacular long water views from this preferred end unit with an open floor...
REDUCED 2nd floor garden home in desirable Bridgewater Bay is immaculate. Bright and sunny interior...
Click on the link above to watch the cinematic tour! Overlooking the lake, this lovely condo offers...
This lovely 3/den, home was recently updated with a custom kitchen and baths, has hardwood floors in...
The source of this real property information is the copyrighted and proprietary database compilation of the Southwest Florida MLS organizations Copyright 2015 Southwest Florida MLS organizations. All rights reserved. The accuracy of this information is not warranted or guaranteed. This information should be independently verified if any person intends to engage in a transaction in reliance upon it. The data relating to real estate for sale on this limited electronic display come in part from the Broker Reciprocity Program (BR Program) of M.L.S. of Naples, Inc. Properties listed with brokerage firms other than Equity Realty are marked with the BR Program Icon or the BR House Icon and detailed information about them includes the name of the Listing Brokers. The properties displayed may not be all the properties available through the BR Program.
"Dawn is a no-none sense, approachable, out going person. One of the qualities we like about Dawn the most is that she doesn’t try to convince you to like something. We would actually be saddened to think we would not see or talk with her again. She deserves the highest marks, in our book!"
Unlimited 24/7 access to MLS listing data for Saturnia Lakes real estate, including sold price history.
If you've gotten email property alerts from us in the past, then you already have an account! Just enter your email address below to sign in:
Even Nanny McPhee must have struggled to keep the children occupied at some point. If you’re planning a family visit to Brighton you’ll most certainly be looking for things to do in Brighton with kids. Have no fear, you won’t be stuck for things to keep the little one’s amused, Brighton has a great deal to offer our littler visitors and there is a great variety of things to do for children.
Children love an adventure and they also like rides, so there’s no better way of keep them occupied than taking a voyage of discovery 50 metres above Brighton’s skyline. Printing off The Brighton Wheel’s “I Spy From The Sky” map and getting the children to spot the famous Brighton landmarks from above the city as you make the three revolutions is an excellent way to excite and inspire them. With its breath taking panoramic views across the city and the coastline it’s perfect way to spend some family time. Get The Map
The draw of the 150 creatures of the deep is always a big favourite with children all year round. Get your kids interested, thinking and talking with the interactive rock pool where they can get up close and personal touching crabs and starfish or the amazing Jellyfish discovery where they can marvel at the grace and motion in the coloured tanks. With feeding demonstrations throughout the day, turtles, sharks, Seahorses, rays and more they’ll be spoilt to pick their favourite. Visit Website
The ever popular and garish nature of Brighton Pier is always a big hit with children. With the gloriously tacky splendour of the fairground with its stalls, amusements and rides. It’s always going to be a crowd pleaser and well worth putting on the to do list. Take in the coastal sights with a walk along one of the UK’s top ten visitor attractions and take in the classic Victorian styling with stunning panoramic views of Brighton’s coastline. Deckchairs on the pier are free and it’s a great place to sit and enjoy a packed lunch or some food from one of the many shops.
Always a favourite with the entire family, a visit to Brighton is just not right without a day at the beach. Many of the attractions are open all year and kids always love playing on the pebbled beach, throwing stones into the sea. With so many attractions to keep your children happy including; the fun fair, the children’s playground, Peter Pan’s playground, crazy golf courses and of course splashing in the sea!
For the children, what’s not to like? With its paddling pool, adventure playground and sand the West Pier Playground is play heaven. Situated just after the silhouette of the old West Pier, the playground is the perfect spot for you to take some time out while the kids play. Perfectly situated next to coffee shops, so you can have some well earned refreshments while the little ones splash around.
Take a slow but unique ride on the world’s oldest running electric railway and let its narrow gauge rails take you on a leisurely journey along 400 metres of the Brighton seafront. Opened in 1883, Volks railway is a firm favourite with all the family rides and run daily April - September. Visit Website
One of the stops on the Volks Railway route, Peter Pan’s Playground is a small but fun fully enclosed adventure playground. With climbing frames, slides and water sprouts it’s popular and suitable for small children. There is also a mini crazy golf course and outdoor cafe.
Every child’s toy box dream, this treasure chest of 4,000 square feet of toys and models is a firm family favourite. Located just under Brighton Station in the Victorian arches, with over 10,000 toys and models on display the collection showcases the last 100 years. With teddy bears, puppets, Peter Rabbit collection, toy cars and of course classic railways collections there’s something for boys and girls - young and old. Visit Website
Home to more than half a million specimens collected over three centuries, brought to life through the eccentric displays, with interactive and ‘hands on’ activities. The collection features Victorian taxidermy, fossils, dinosaur bones, insects, rocks and plants. This is a quirky and unique museum experience that will interest and give children of all ages an understanding for the natural world.
Visit Hove Museum and enter into the wonderful world of the wizards attic, where children will just love the interactive toy gallery. The mock up of the Wizard’s workshop for broken toys is a firm favourite with younger visitors to the city with a bedroom split by time, interactive displays and of course toys! The museum houses lots of interesting exhibits for older visitors too so it’s real family favourite.
With exciting interactive and dynamic displays, a performance gallery with puppets, mask and costumes, it’s a real hands-on experience for children, so they won’t get bored. Located next to the iconic Brighton Pavilion, the Brighton Museum houses an eclectic mix of exhibits with something for everyone. The Museum is well worth a visit, not too intensive and can be done in a couple of hours meaning it will keep the attention of the little ones. More About Brighton Museums
Brighton & Hove boasts over 90 parks and gardens within the city all offering places to relax, space to play or just somewhere to walk. Children love to run about, so what better way to spend some time than to pack a picnic and visit one of Brighton & Hove’s parks and get out in the open air. Some of Brighton & Hove’s best include; Stanmer Park which is a popular family destination with its woodland trails and open spaces perfect for family picnics. Or how about Preston Park? One of Brighton’s largest parks and has themed gardens, a multitude of sports activities and a cafe for refreshments. For something a little more relaxing why not head to Queens Park and feed the ducks or St Ann’s Wells Gardens for some more wildlife? In the summer months Hove park has a miniature railway which kids would love taking a ride on and there is plenty of space for them to run riot. Read More
Situated in the North Laines, take an hour or two out from the usual Brighton sights and discover your creative side at The Painting Pottery Cafe. Whether you’re an old hand or have never painted pottery before, this arty experience caters for every ability. There are stencils available for the beginner and patterns to follow or you can just let your creative flair come up with a masterpiece of your own. Simply turn up, select your potter, grab some paints and create! Suitable for all ages, it’s a great way to spend some quality time with the kids, have fun with friends or just kill sometime on your own. Your creations will be fired and can be collected later that day or posted out to you. Visit Website
When you’re unsure what activities you want to do and want to keep everyone happy, then head to Brighton Marina. There you’ll be spoiled for choice, with ten pin bowling, cinema, trampolines, novelty rides, crazy golf, shopping, eating and more there’s a wide range of things for all the family. Take a walk along the Marina wall or the promenade and admire the boats. If you’d like to do something a bit more exciting, then how about a boat tour alone Brighton’s seafront.
Children will have a blast as they enter into a forgotten land and stalk the enemy with state of the art laser packs. Open every day from 12pm and suitable for children aged 6 and above but they do sometimes let younger children play, depending on how comfortable they are.
While walking can be a great way to get around Brighton, the children would find it much more fun on bikes. Brighton Cycle hire or Amsterdammers’, near Brighton train station, has Brighton & Hove’s largest selection of bikes. Offering hassle-free bike hire with front mounted child seats as well as a range of child and adult bikes, you’ll be off on your wheels in no time. Visit Website
Rottingdean beach, just east of Brighton, has a pebbled beach backed by chalk cliffs which makes it ideal for rockpooling. Rottingdean is easy to get to by bus or by car and the village offers a wide selection of cafes, pubs and shops.
Situated just 12 miles from Brighton, Drusillas Park is widely regarded as the best small zoo in the country and is a fantastic day out for the whole family. With an array of animals and interactive fun with a large number of hands-on activities kids cannot fail to have fun. Although the animals are the children’s favourite attractions there is also an amazing play area with climbing, sliding, jumping and swinging for all age groups. Visit Website
Lewes Castle offers a great day out for families with a multitude of activities to suit everyone. Kids and adults alike will love the dressing up and climbing up the zigzag steps to the top of the 1000 year old castle to get stunning panoramic views of the Sussex Downs. The Castle offers a very tactile experience where you can fire a Crossbow, build an arrowslit and play knight. Visit Website
Whatever the weather, there’s fun to be had at Spring Barn for the whole family. Providing the weather’s nice, children can have hours of fun in the fresh air jumping and bouncing in the Adventure Play Area. If the weather’s no so great, they can wear themselves out in the Indoor Play Area with a soft area for kids under 5. There are also tractor and trailer rides with stunning views of the downs but make sure you go and see the animals too. Visit Website
Just outside of Brighton, near Lewes Bentley is an amazing place with so much to see for the whole family. Set on a beautiful Sussex estate, you can spend your day outside in the wildfowl reserve, walking around the ancient buildings along the woodland trail or in the willow tunnels. When or if you’d rather be inside, you can spend your time looking at fabulous collection of vintage cars or take a look through the craft workshops. Sound good? Well, the fun doesn’t stop there is also the children’s favourite Adventure Playground where the children and play while you rest a little. Visit Website
Monkey Bizness is a great place to take the kids when you just want to relax. Adults can sit on one of the many sofas, browse the internet with the free Wi-Fi, chat with a friend or sit and read a newspaper while the kids play. The children will love the play frame for where the over fives can clamber and play like little monkeys… There is also a 30 foot climbing wall where they can attempt to conquer the monster and a separate climbing frame for the under fives. Visit Website
Peggy Age: 24. My name is Inna and I'm new here!!rnI have a beautiful body,a stunning pretty face,big lips and naturally breast!!rnI'm always available !! xxx I'm available all day and night!!I hope you will find my profile and give me a call and I will like to listen all the fantasy you have !!Hello gentlemen! My name is Farrah JamesNearest tube is lambeth north (bakerloo line).
I Sandra Age: 18. I would like to leave you with a lasting memory of pleasurable and happy times.Sin City naughty girl with a body Built for pleasingHi Guys!m , kg , refined,with appealing shapes.
I am eager for excitement and will ensure your experience with me is nothing less than electrifying. My photos are recent and Genuine.
DISCLAIMER: All models on www.brink7.eu adult site are 18 years or older. www.brink7.eu has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the porn links.
Stretching the truth is not hard, so do not presume that air and heating specialists who declare to be reliable and sincere are being in advance with you. Numerous specialists bilk their customers, frequently by discovering techniques to increase the expenses of labor and materials once a task is underway. In order to be safe from potential deceit and unjust prices, it is best to do cautious research before making an employing option. A trustworthy a/c repair specialist is not tough to find if you utilize these helpful hints.
If you're looking for an accurate indication of a great air and heating contractor, the first is their ability to offer precise quotes prior to beginning work. You must get the estimate once you supply the task details. Don't allow work to begin without a composed estimate, even if you have a verbal agreement. Do not deal with how do you turn on an electric hot water heater? that can't offer you with a fantastic estimate for the job.
1) Check for Air Leaks Around the Home – As the air conditioning system cools the home, it is crucial for its efficiency to keep the cooled air contained. Making sure that air does not escape through small leaks decreases your cooling system's runtime and lowers the energy used. Check window seals, weather stripping around doors and door thresholds for gaps that air can pass through. Most cracks can be easily fixed with paintable caulk or new stripping, and thresholds can be corrected using the adjustment screws located on top. Five Ways to Save Energy During Spring and Summer
It's indisputable that the busiest air and heating professionals around are the ones who have made a reputation for doing great work. An await the regional contractor to begin your task is typically an indication that he'll do a terrific task. The main downside of working with a hectic ac repair professional is that they may not remain in the position to focus completely on your task. Pay attention to what your impulses are informing you when you are attempting to choose a regional professional for your project.
When shopping around for a regional air and heating specialist, get quotes from no less than three business. Accepting the lowest quote may not be the smartest relocation. In general, a higher quote implies that a local contractor will provide exceptional work. Make sure the air conditioner repair work provider Fort Collins you employ remains in a position to produce a detailed list of the expenses.
Prior to picking an air and heating contractor, you should be certain that you have actually also looked into all the other possible candidates. The specialist you employ should encourage you of his or her capability to satisfy deadlines and work within the spending plan. One method to keep tabs on the progress of your project is to request routine updates from your air conditioner repair professional. You specialist should also have the ability to provide you with a list and images of previous jobs along with accompanying references.
By signing a contract with a licensed air and heating specialist, you participate in a sort of "collaboration," pursuing the exact same goal. Ask concerns on the important things you do not fully understand, read each and every single part of the contract in detail and make certain you're totally mindful prior to signing the file. Pay less than half of the overall amount during an initial deposit. When possible, aim to sign the contract at your professional's office so you can get a feel for how they run their office.
gala flute collection 06: tiếng sáo trung hoa various artists © gala flute collection 06: tieng sao trung hoa various artists
gala guitar collection 02: những bản guitar lãng mạn various artists © gala guitar collection 02: nhung ban guitar lang man various artists
gala guitar collection 03: những bản guitar lãng mạn various artists © gala guitar collection 03: nhung ban guitar lang man various artists
gala guitar collection 04: những bản guitar lãng mạn various artists © gala guitar collection 04: nhung ban guitar lang man various artists
gala guitar collection 05: guitar hòa tấu quê hương various artists © gala guitar collection 05: guitar hoa tau que huong various artists
This statement implies that a major reason our economy is weak is because we haven’t workers with the needed skills. Let’s take a step back to look at how we created the economic and educational situations we are in.
Though we don’t manufacture much of anything anymore, it is not because we haven’t the people with skills to work in manufacturing. We don’t manufacture in the U.S. because those in authority of our corporations decided they could increase profits by employing cheap labor in countries other than the U.S. We don’t manufacture much anymore because those in authority erroneously believe that their only sense of concern should be for the organization’s profit alone, so they chose to maximize profit in the short-term rather than commit to investing in quality for the long-term. As a result we’ve become the world’s marketplace and are no longer its producer.
Did the financial meltdown happen because we haven’t people with skills to be productive and innovative? Did we meltdown because there was all this good work available and no one around to carry it out? No! It happened because those in authority of our investment banks sought to maximize their (personal) wealth by gaming the system. Their actions were all about getting self-serving results—the sense of concern stops at their own skin. One could argue that they were too skilled for our collective own good.
Is our educational system in decline because of an absence of attention to results? No! Thanks to NCLB we’ve placed so much attention on results (i.e. test scores, graduation rates) that we’ve turned our schools into training centers; we do a very good job of training people to take the test. Unfortunately to successfully meet the challenges of life people need to be educated not trained.
Also if the measures teachers and administrators are accountable for are test scores and graduation rate, then it should be no surprise that these are the objectives they work to accomplish. Consequently getting good grades or graduating from high school or even college is no indication that one has actually learned anything of value. Students feel the pressure as well: cheating is becoming prevalent.
I think it is about time we cease trying to solve our societal problems with the same kind of thinking that created them. We are simply perpetuating the problem, enabling it to manifest in different ways, but it is still the same problem. Let’s stop training people for careers and begin educating them for life. Yes as JD Hoye correctly asserts “we need a strong education system to build a strong workforce” but this doesn’t mean that the purpose of education is economic—that the only reason to attend to the educational system is for its economic value. The value of learning is not solely for the money it affords. Learning is far more fundamental and essential to the human condition than that! We shouldn’t educate people for the sole purpose of providing labor to feed the economic system we must educate to develop human beings. Why not stop playing the game that is destroying all us?
This entry was posted in Economy, Education, Life, Progress, Quality and tagged Critical Thinking, Development of Self, human spirit, Learning, Problem Solving, Progress, Quality. Bookmark the permalink.
Puzzle… If we don’t produce “anything” any more, pray tell me how manufacturing in this country has INCREASED over the recent years? Not only that, but the US still leads the world in manufacturing. See http://investing.curiouscatblog.net/2009/10/13/data-on-the-largest-manufacturing-countries-in-2008/.
Second, even if we have shipped all our jobs overseas as you suggest, why then have wages and incomes NOT decreased in the US over time? If all the jobs were lost, and none replaced them, there would necessarily be a large surplus of labor which would cause wages to fall. However, inflation-adjusted wages have kept pace with real GDP growth.
According to the BLS the number of people in the US employed in manufacturing has shown a steady decline from 19.4M (1979) to 11.9M (2009) while the number in service has steadily increased over the same period 16.0M to 22.5M. OUr manufacturing base is not what it used to be. Correspondingly the income gap between the top 5 % and the remaining 95% has been increasing at an increasing rate over the same period as well. Please see https://forprogressnotgrowth.com/2010/05/06/subverting-progress/
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog. You will only receive notifications of new posts by email.
Why should society care about the success of business corporations? You might say because society’s wellbeing is dependent upon its’ corporations’ success. Logically then the question is, success in doing what? Well given the importance Wall Street places on quarterly profit, maximizing profit obviously defines success in society. For many it is clearly the means and measure of life. Seemingly the pursuit of one’s material self-interest is what business and American society is all about.
How is it that one’s private gain is believed to benefit peoples’ collective wellbeing? How does your neighbor striking it rich advance the wellbeing of the rest of the neighborhood? What’s in it for ‘me’ can‘t possibly benefit the collective ‘we’, which is society, unless of course there is a general sense of benevolence. But benevolence is the antithesis of self-interest maximization! Moreover, the notion of trickledown economics has never been proven to exist and the most recent experience is just another illustration that it is mere fantasy.
Assume for the moment that the business of business is profit and society’s wellbeing depends upon businesses maximizing profit. Then while corporations are realizing success on this measure, how is it that large numbers of society’s citizens are struggling in the face of record corporate profits? How is it that for more than a quarter century the income inequality has widened between the top 1% and the remaining 99% of households? Millions of people struggle unsuccessfully to find employment and far more are significantly under-employed barely hanging on living hand to mouth. How could such a situation be indicative of (improved) societal wellbeing? Perhaps corporate profit maximization isn’t as centrally important to society as people are led to believe!
The argument for job creation provided by many politicians, as recently explained by economist Paul Krugman, rests on the assumption that lower wages leads to job creation, which has no sound footing in economic theory or sustainable business practice. What this really is is the logical extension of the misguided belief that the business of business is profit and in the trickledown superstition.
Moreover it is likely that this belief is a major cause of U.S. corporations placing laser-like focus on making money rather than on producing quality. The subtext goes something like this, if we can get people to work for nothing we can make a lot of money. No wonder we see the outsourcing of virtually everything—throwing people overboard—in an effort to maximize corporate profit. Though it makes perfect sense to those holding this belief, it is a belief grounded in misunderstanding.
Connected to this is the erroneous assumption that the unit of survival is the separate individual entity—‘Me’, my source of gain, my organization—and thus others and everything are expendable and exploitable to this (self-serving) end. This way of thinking is caused by an absence of systems thinking, a lack of an awareness of our ‘I-We’ responsibility.
Recognizing our ‘I-We’ nature puts us in touch with the individual and collective aspects of being human and with the simultaneous responsibilities we have to our individual and collective development as people. Consequently, we understand that life in society is not simply a collection of independent individuals bumping into each other as each strives to have it all for ‘Me’.
While our economic system would have us believe this for the sake of maximizing our desire to consume the fact is that we need each other for more than the satisfaction of our material desires; we are not merely instrumental to each others’ self-interests. We are human beings and thus have a very deep interpenetrating responsibility to each other’s unfolding. Hence success can’t be limited to ‘Me’ and my gain.
What if economic success is defined as creating and sustaining a livable income for every able person in society? This does not require corporations pursuing maximal profit, rather it requires them maintaining their viability as a business enterprise. The pursuit of maximum profit, quarter-to-quarter, will not ensure viability of the enterprise—ask G.M. how it worked for them.
To this end, W. Edwards Deming spoke of a chain reaction that begins with quality and its improvement as the aim, and ends in more jobs provided. More specifically this chain reaction is: “improve quality; costs decrease because of less fewer mistakes, fewer delays, snags, better use of machine time and materials; productivity improves; capture the market with better quality and lower price; stay in business; provide jobs and more jobs.” Nowhere in this chain reaction is the objective to maximize profit. Profit is not expunged from the conduct of business it is simply realized as a by-product of a commitment to quality in everything that is done and is reflected in the improved viability (i.e. ability to stay in business) of the enterprise. Costs are reduced, not by blaming the worker and lowering wages, but by actually learning how to improve the functioning of the system of work and management—yes improving quality. This demands far more than management by the numbers.
What this chain reaction speaks to is a fundamental change in the business of business. This change requires a new economics, one that aligns with and supports our human nature and not play upon our animal nature. Correspondingly this change requires the conduct of business to reflect a different mindset, one based on the pursuit of ever improving levels of quality not the unfettered maximization of profit.
A healthy society does require a viable economic system; one that serves society as a whole, not one that benefits only a small segment of society or one that is served by society. A viable economy affords humanly beneficial commerce, which is the making and selling of quality goods and services for the benefit of people, not mere profit making. Through such commerce money continually flows throughout society bringing benefit to all in society, just as the continual flow of blood throughout the body benefits one’s health.
Thus organizations that capture or hoard money are detrimental to the wellbeing of society as a whole—no matter how much profit is realized. A recent article by economist Joseph Stiglitz provides a wonderful explanation of the state of American society as a result of it morphing into a capitalistic democracy.
The value of money to society is in its exchange, not its accumulation! If the economic system exploits some people in society then it will adversely impact the wellbeing of all people. Thus as income inequality widens the wellbeing of society worsens. As Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett clearly present in their analysis, as income inequality increases in industrialized societies so too do health and social problems.
Our ill-conceived economic system, grounded in the assumption that people are pleasure-seeking/pain-avoiding intelligent animals—not human beings inherently seeking further human development—and bent on maximizing profit, not making quality goods and services, is actually detrimental to the wellbeing of society. It should be evident to most that our current situation is simply the effects of such a shortsighted system. The root of our problem is deeper than the actions of investment banks and politicians—it is systemic. We mustn’t attend to the symptoms and ignore the cause. It is not the way of the wise to depend on regulation to curb the inevitable greed fostered by an egoistic economic system. Clearly we need an economy that serves all in society, one where quality is the aim and jobs bring joy.
The concern for growth in profit cannot lead to progress. Progress is not adequately served if the probability of profitable gain is the only or dominant decision-making criterion in business. Is it time to accept the challenge and take responsibility for changing our experiences by changing the business of business and thus our economics, or is it best to wait for someone to save us from us?
This entry was posted in Economy, Progress, Quality and tagged Business of business, Critical Thinking, Economy, Moral Values, Progress, Quality, Systems Thinking. Bookmark the permalink.
Mason, A. E., Epel, E. S., Aschbacher, K., Lustig, R. H., Acree, M., Kristeller, J., … Daubenmier, J. (2016, May 1). Reduced reward-driven eating accounts for the impact of a mindfulness-based diet and exercise intervention on weight loss: Data from the SHINE randomized controlled trial. Appetite , 100, 86–93. Retrieved from https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4799744/
We’re not promoting an Instagram obsession, but finding a way to document what you’re eating every day can help you lose weight, Bowerman says. Whether it’s snapping a quick pic on your phone, logging it in an app, or jotting your meal down in a diary, the action helps you be conscious of what you’ve eaten, helping you to naturally regulate your intake.
One of the basic, most well-known and widely practiced asanas, surya namaskar literally translates to sun salutation. It comprises a series of twelve different yoga poses that focus on various parts of body. What makes surya namaskar great for the entire body is the fact that it involves twelve different poses encompassed in one - for example, basic prayer pose, forward bend and the bhujangasana (cobra pose).
Probiotics are “good bacteria” found in fermented foods or drinks, and also supplements. These bacteria reside in your gastrointestinal tract (also called the microbiome) and have many functions throughout your body. Research suggests that probiotics have numerous benefits for immune, digestive, hormonal and central nervous system functions. Studies have indicated that there are differences in the microbial composition between obese and non-obese patients, and probiotics are involved in energy homeostasis, regulation of appetite, dietary intake and storage of lipids (fats).
Your body can only get a makeover when your kitchen gets a makeover. Because it is true, “out of sight is out of mind.” Remove all the unhealthy foods from your kitchen and give it away or toss it into the bin. Yes, take few drastic steps if you really want to lose weight. You may feel like you are tossing your money into the bin, but it is way better than tossing your health away! Go to the market and get veggies, fruits, high-fiber foods, herbs, spices, nuts, flaxseeds, etc. that will help you lose weight.
Studies found that people who keep food diaries wind up eating about 15 percent less food than those who don’t. Watch out for weekends: A University of North Carolina study found people tend to consume an extra 115 calories per weekend day, primarily from alcohol and fat. Then cut out or down calories from spreads, dressings, sauces, condiments, drinks, and snacks; they could make the difference between weight gain and loss. Here are 50 easy ways to lose weight naturally.
Deprivation never works. It is a painful struggle that will almost always result in failure. Instead of starving your body of the nutrients it needs to stay healthy, eat “more” good stuff. Break your meals down to 5 or 6 small ones a day to reduce snacking (which is when a good chunk of weight gain takes place for a lot of people) and to prevent your body from storing more fat-which is does when it feels “starved.” Also ask yourself why you’re eating in the first place-we so often eat out of boredom or nerves or stress. Wait until you feel a rumble and let your stomach tell you when it needs to eat.
Staying hydrated is an important aspect of weight loss that people often brush off-you don’t want to gain water weight and feel bloated right? Either that or you hear that you should drink ice cold water to burn more calories. Not exactly. The idea that ice cold water burns more calories because your body tries to “warm it up” first may technically be true, but the effect is miniscule (like 8 calories miniscule.) Rather, you need to be hydrated for your body to run smoothly, and that includes burning fat. It flushes bad stuff through your system, and also helps curb appetite. And don’t fret about water weight-if you are staying hydrated, your body is less likely to retain water since it simply doesn’t have the need to-similar to how eating more can make weight loss easier, within reason. I should also say-DO NOT BUY INTO SPECIALTY WATERS! Get your vitamins through your diet or supplements. Those waters are not better for you-in fact some are so loaded with flavoring and what not they rival soda.
When deciding on how to lose weight fast naturally, you may learn ways of changing your eating habits. Can you remember the last time you put the fork or spoon down on the table, and savored each bite of your meal? When you eat slower, your stomach can be satisfied with less food, and you may lose weight. Make it a point to lay your silver wear down after each bite and enjoy the moment.
It is possible to do more in less time — at least when it comes to your workouts. By incorporating interval training — that means bursts of high-intensity moves — you’ll give your metabolism a huge boost, says Glenn Gaesser, Ph.D., director of the Kinesiology Program at the University of Virginia and author of The Spark. If you usually jog at a consistent pace, try adding a 30-second to one-minute sprint every five minutes, or, if you’re on a treadmill, change up the incline for one-minute intervals.
Guarana: Guarana has among the highest concentrations of caffeine in any plant; it contain up to 3.5 percent to 5.8 percent caffeine by volume, while coffee only has up to 2 percent. For increased energy and enhanced mental focus, some people use between 200 to 800 milligrams of guarana a day, which seems to be generally safe. However, side effects for some can include those similar to consuming too caffeine, such as difficulty sleeping, indigestion, anxiety, changes in blood pressure, dependence and a quickened heartbeat. Guarana can also interact with medicines like some antidepressants, lithium, sedatives, other stimulants and blood thinners.
Chromium might help increase lean muscle mass, promote fat loss and reduces food intake. Research findings suggest that chromium usually has “minimal effect on body weight and body fat,” but the good news is that it also doesn’t seem to pose risks. There have been very little safety concerns reported at low to moderate intakes (25–45 micrograms a day for adults), although at higher doses headaches, watery stools or constipation are possible.
There is some scientific legitimacy to today’s lower-carb diets: Large amounts of simple carbohydrates from white flour and added sugar can wreak havoc on your blood sugar and lead to weight gain. While avoiding sugar, white rice, and white flour, however, you should eat plenty of whole-grain breads and brown rice. One Harvard study of 74,000 women found that those who ate more than two daily servings of whole grains were 49 percent less likely to be overweight than those who ate the white stuff. Eating whole grains is not only one of many great ways to lose weight; it can also make you smarter.
If you are not experiencing regular bowel movements (2-3 bowel movements daily), then fermentation of carbohydrates and putrefaction of proteins (toxemia) found in fecal material occurs. Autointoxication is the result which is best defined as the process in which the body is poisoned through reabsorption its own waste that would normally be excreted. Not eliminating properly or being constipated is like having your city garbage collector go on strike for days on end. What happens? The garbage piles up, rots, putrefies or ferments, begins to smell, and affects the surrounding area in many ways. The same thing happens in our own sewage system.
Fathi, Y., Faghih, S., Zibaeenezhad, M. J., & Tabatabaei, S. H. (2016, February). Kefir drink leads to a similar weight loss, compared with milk, in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: A randomized controlled trial. European Journal of Nutrition, 55(1), 295–304. Retrieved from https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00394-015-0846-9
Everyday Roots is intended for informational purposes only. Our site contains general information about medical conditions and treatments, and provides information and ideas for, but not limited to, natural and home remedies. Everyday Roots makes no claims that anything presented is true, accurate, proven, and/or not harmful to your health or wellbeing. Our website is not and does not claim to be written, edited, or researched by a health care professional. Any information on or associated with this website should NOT be considered a substitute for medical advice from a healthcare professional. If you are experiencing any form of health problem, always consult a doctor before attempting any treatment on your own. Everyday Roots will not be held liable or responsible in any way for any harm, injury, illness, or death that may result from the use of its content or anything related to it. Viewers assume all risk and liability associated with the use of the content on our site, and must agree to our terms and conditions.
Known as the Master Cleanse, this natural weight loss trick involves consuming a mixture of water, lemon juice, water, cayenne pepper, and maple syrup for a period of three to 10 days. Endorsed by celebrities and models, it claims to rid your body of toxins and help you lose weight. However, experts agree that it can be a dangerous way to shed pounds.
A body of research out of Pennsylvania State University finds that eating water-rich foods such as zucchini, tomatoes, and cucumbers during meals reduces your overall calorie consumption. Other water-rich foods include soups and salads. You won’t get the same benefits by just drinking your water, though (but you will get other benefits of staying hydrated). Because the body processes hunger and thirst through different mechanisms, it simply doesn’t register a sense of fullness with water (or soda, tea, coffee, or juice). Here are 15 weight loss tips doctors wish you would stop following.
The amount of catechins in a cup of green tea varies depending on the precise type of tea, the ratio of tea to water, and how long it is left to infuse. A large Chinese trial investigated the effects of consuming green tea with different amounts of catechins on body weight and composition. Researchers randomly assigned 182 overweight participants to four groups. Each group was given a different type of green tea ranging from a control drink with the catechins extracted to one with extra catechins added. Subjects drank 2 cups a day for 90 days.
In a trial published in the journal Nutrients, 118 overweight adults were given either a supplement containing a combination of viscous soluble fibers or a control supplement made from rice flour. All participants were equipped with a mobile food recording app which provided the researchers with before-and-after images of all food consumed along with the time and place it was eaten. Measurement of participants’ height, weight and waist circumference were taken before and after the trial.
Any diet that is unsustainable in the long run is doomed to fail. No one can live on cabbage soup or grapefruit for the rest of their lives. Diets that rely on pre-packaged low-calorie meals or meal-replacement shakes take away the dieter’s own responsibly for making healthy choices. The eating habits that caused people to put on weight in the first place are usually resumed shortly after their weight-loss goal has been reached.
Each meal should include 1/4 protein (the size of your palm), 1/4 complex carbohydrates (1/2 cup cooked brown rice, quinoa, sweet potato etc.), and 1/2 vegetables (with the exception of breakfast). One thing to be mindful of is consuming carbohydrates at dinner, which is something I usually advise against, since your body rarely needs this amount of energy before going to bed.
Inspiration: Here's your GOOD Morning Ride! So many good tracks to check out here...whether your ride is at the start of your day, or closer to the end of your day. For the most part, I have a heavy AM schedule with several classes starting no later than 9:15AM four days a week...just one scheduled … Continue reading Good Morning 429
Inspiration: A new month on the calendar today and time to RISE to the opportunity a new month can bring...day by day, make it your best month of the year. 2018 will be half over by the end of these 30 days in June. It can be overwhelming how quickly time passes, so just live … Continue reading Rise 426
Inspiration: Since my recent trip to Chicago and class at Studio Three, I've been planning to use the latest Macklemore track (the one that Erin used for her class). So here's my GLORIOUS RIDE! Lots of good ones (Brother, Marrakech, Champion, Reverse, Pray to God Remix, Nice2KnoU (Repeat), Hit Me Back) packed in this 60 … Continue reading Glorious 371
SUMMER OF '16! Every summer I TRY to lighten my schedule in the studio, and this year is no exception. The first week of July I will be AWAY ("up north") on vacation. Have a great Fourth, and Summer. WOLVERINE WORLDWIDE YMCA / Belmont All bikes are Keiser M3 cycles - MON 5:10 - 6:10AM … Continue reading Class Schedule: Summer 2016
Inspiration: Hot Blooded Ride today! Heathens is a favorite track for one of the many hills on this ride. Shake The Earth is a favorite for Sprints...a few of those too! Enjoy the ride...have a great weekend. Genre: Alternative, EDM, Pop, Rock Approximate time: 64 minutes Ride Profile & Tunes: Warm Up - A King's … Continue reading Hot Blood 333
Inspiration: Several tracks from New Music Friday on Spotify last week. The notable tracks include: Betty Who's redux of I Love You Always Forever, Star by Skillet, GREAT NIGHT by NEEDTOBREATHE, Good Girls by Elle King, We Are Better Together by Art Nation, and local favorite...Michigan by Arms Akimbo. Some other great tracks on repeat … Continue reading Music Feels Better 332
Inspiration: On the way home tonight, listening to this playlist, realized I am still not keeping up with posting my ride profiles / playlists. This one is a current favorite for a 45 minute class / ride. A few repeats of more recent tracks like PUSH, THE WOLF, DON'T LOOK DOWN and TOMORROW NEVER COMES. … Continue reading It Feels Good 266
Inspiration: A few tracks on this one are stuck in my head (like FIGHT SONG and LIGHTS & THUNDER)...good thing another New Music Tuesday is just a couple days away. Lots of calories to be burned on this ride...Enjoy! Genre: Alternative, Country, Electronic/Dance, Pop, Rock. Approximate time: 45 minutes Preview and Purchase at iTunes: Warm … Continue reading B.Y.H.B. 265
Inspiration: Hot, sweaty, racing heart, chills, out of breath...FEVER? No, just finished another hour-long ride in the Cycle Studio. Genre: Alternative, Christian, Country, Dance, Pop, Rock. Approximate time: 64 minutes Preview / Purchase on iTunes: Warm up - Fly or Die - Fly or Die - Single Seated / Standing Hill - Into the Blue … Continue reading Fever 195
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 afrojack armin van buuren Avicii calvin harris chris brown class cycle cycling david guetta Ed Sheeran Eminem fall Fall Out Boy fitness flywheel for the ride inside grand rapids grymca hills imagine dragons indoor indoor cycling instructor iTunes January july jumps June katy perry Lady GaGa Lifehouse linkin park madonna march Maroon 5 may michigan mix muse music Panic! At The DIsco Pitbull playlist profile Remix review ride ride profile Rihanna selena gomez sia spin spin class spinning spinning music spotify Sprints steve canum studio studio cycling Summer the doors the who thirty seconds to mars tiesto workout ymca YouTube Zedd
We stopped using commercial laundry detergent for most of our laundry a while ago. We’ve been using just liquid castile soap for everything except cloth diapers. While we haven’t had problems with this method, we haven’t been amazed by its results. So I decided to make up some laundry powder and see how that works for us. There are a lot of recipes out there that use borax, but I’m not convinced on the safety of borax, so this recipe doesn’t use it.
Grate the bar of soap and mix that with all other ingredients. To use, put 1-2 Tbsp in washing machine. You can supplement with white vinegar. Store in glass jar or bucket depending on how much you make. This recipe is safe for HE and front loading washing machines.
I think it cleaned our cloth diapers even better than castile soap or Dapple laundry detergent. It does take a bit more work to make this powder, but cleaner diapers might just be worth it. It does clump pretty bad though. This is due to moisture and you can make a desiccant, or moisture absorber, with a cloth bag of white clay. Unfortunately, I don’t have any white clay. I’ll get on that.
borax-freeborax-free laundry detergentborax-free laundry powdercastile soapfront loading laundry detergenthigh efficiency laundry detergentLaundryLaundry detergentrecipe
appetizer Apple cider vinegar Atlanta Atlanta Food Swap Baby bartering Bell pepper Beverage bug repellent carrot castile soap cayenne pepper Chocolate cilantro cinnamon Compost Craft cucumber dessert egg Eggs entree Essential oil Flower Food food preservation food storage food swap Foraging fresh produce frugal fruit garden Georgia ghost pepper hot pepper how to Ice cream Infant Insect repellent lily list mint natural bug repellent natural insect repellent nursing nursing in public onion greens personal care pest control Plant preserving food Produce quick list recipe Season seasonal eating Seasonal food seasonal produce seed sewing side dish Slow cooker smoothie Soap sprout sprouting sprouts tea tomato vegetable vegetable garden vegetarian vegetarian recipe waste
El Ministeri d’Interior estudia quin espai del Centre Penitenciari de La Comella habilitarà per facilitar als reclusos una “intimitat adequada” per a les visites. En funció d’on sigui aquest lloc, ha explicat aquest divendres el ministre Xavier Espot, el Govern prepara una partida pressupostària d’entre 30.000 i 60.000 euros. Aquest “nou sistema de visites íntimes” requerirà que l’Administració obri una convocatòria de tres noves places, que se sumaran a les tres vacants que requereix actualment el centre penitenciari.
It’s Sunday morning. Holy shit you guys got fucking plastered last night. For some reason there’s a park bench, two street signs and one of those big blue post office mailboxes in your #32 Bro Pad. After making like 10 jokes about how last night was exactly like “The Hangover” and sending out a mass text telling all your bros about the shit you #2 stole, you decide it’s time to get some fucking coffee. After throwing on your Juwan Howard Bullets #34 throwback jersey and some lacrosse shorts, you try round to up your bros. As you walk downstairs to your living room aka a shitload of couches pointed toward the TV, your bros are all talking like pirates.
Then you realize what’s going on here: they broke into the mailbox and are ripping open letters searching for birthday cards from Grandmas with like $10 cash in them. As you are overwhelmed with pride, you make an announcement – “Bros – coffee is on me this morning.”
There’s some new coffee place that just opened up nearby, so you decide to hit it up. You heard it was trendy, but whatever, you’ll just be in and out. Obviously all your bros are still acting like pirates and screaming at all the “wenches” and “pirate hookers” that dare walk on the street as you drive by them. Just to make sure people know they are pirates, they tell all the fat girls you pass that they have to walk the plank since they are making the ship sink. Finally you get to the shop. Normally when bros walk in anywhere, they are greeted by slam pieces trying to eyefuck the shit out of them, but something is different today. For some reason, these people don’t even look hungover. In fact, they all have fucking laptops and if they don’t, they are reading poetry. You overhear someone talking about how much they miss dairy products ever since they decided to go vegan. Normally, you and your bros would start fucking with these #80 losers, but you’ve got a fucking treasure chest at home calling your name, so you just get your coffee. After repeatedly telling the “barista” aka College grad with an English major that you don’t want “fair trade” coffee for just two dollars more, you finally have your shit and are ready to get the fuck out of dodge. That’s when you hear them. Two skinny white dudes in the corner with horned rimmed glasses that you’re pretty sure don’t even have any lenses, tight jeans, and striped sweaters.
“'Look at me, I’m just going to get wasted all the time and talk about how much I can curl' - pathetic.”
That’s it. It’s fucking go time. As you race over to them to get in their face, they quickly pull out their iPhone to see if any of their apps will prevent an attack. As their search fails, they curl up into the fetal position and start to cry. Sure, if you were a Guido, you would proceed to beat the shit out of them, but you’re a bro, therefore one of the smartest people on the planet, so you know you’ve already done your job. Nobody fucks with bros – especially some loser hipster.
Seriously, try walking down the street past a hipster and not wanting to punch him in the face. It’s fucking impossible. Who the fuck are these guys? At what point do you make the decision that you are just so alternative and have to dress that way every day of your fucking life. You know who loves hipsters? Eye doctors. How many fucking hipsters do you think they get a day that just come into to buy frames without lenses? Is that like an awkward conversation at all?
Have you ever seen a hipster try to play sports? It’s one of the funniest things you will ever fucking see. Usually they’ll just dribble the ball a couple times looking like that retard kid from those Gatorade commercials that hit like a hundred three-pointers in a row a couple years back, then stop so they can talk about how organized sports is “way too mainstream” for them. At this point they are just fucking begging for someone to flag their tight jeans to reveal their skid-marked tighty whiteys since doing laundry is way too Westernized for their liking.
The absolute worst thing about hipsters is the fact that they think they are better than everyone. This is obviously bullshit because everyone and their fucking mother knows that bros are better than everyone. Hipsters only listen to bands who haven’t been signed to a label because they think they have better taste in music than anyone else, especially people who run record companies. As long as something has “Indie” in the description you better believe hipsters fucking like that shit. The only time a true bro ever uses the word “Indie” is when they are doing impressions of that little Chinese kid from “Temple of Doom.”
So the next time you catch some fucking hipster shoot you a condescending smile and whisper something to his friend, give him the fucking finger. You’re a bro, and years of stuffing that loser into a fucking locker have made him what he is today. Be proud. After all, it’s a bros world – everyone else is just living in it.
these urban outfitted faggots are the same kids that sat at home in their room listening to some whiny pussy indie bands while the bro's were out demoralizing the slam pieces that those kids could only help to masturbate themselves to sleep over using their tears as lube.
Good article. Then I saw the "BBW Romance" ad right below it. That must be some kind of hilarious joke, right?
reading this post makes me angry. i cant help but picture one of these whiny faggots right now and i wish there was one in front of me now so i could harass him. these sanuk-wearing pussies should not be allowed to exist among us in our bronation.
post started strong with the pirate thing, which is hilarious and i hope that actually happened, but you forgot that EVERYBODY hates hipsters, not just bros. hipsters hate themselves, naturally, but they also hate other hipsters. ask a hipster if they are a hipster and they will totally say no and probably talk about how hipsters ruined their favorite coffee shop as well. fuck hipsters, but most bros have more important shit to hate, like sunday hours at liquour stores.
You meant to make fun of "fair trade" and not "free trade" in the post. See apparently when an employee makes a deal with an employer to get money it is not always "fair." To be "fair," the consumer has to pay 200% more for something so the employee can feel good about himself. Bro's don't like "fair trade" because Bro's know life isn't fair. How else do you explain a Bro's ability to consume massive amounts of alcohol and get more nog than Santa Claus? Bro's are the shit.
Awesome post. Being a Seattle Bro, I can relate to this post. Every Sunday I can find these douche bags at any local coffee shop....sitting by the fire with their skinny jeans, deep-v neck shirts, chuck taylor shoes, fake glasses,oBRAma button, reading some stupid book, talking about free trade and evil corporations.
I swear if I have to walk down the street and see another hipster with "ironic" facial hair I will break his bottle of PBR over that stupid damn hat he's wearing.
hipsters are just bitches who don't have the balls to tell their moms that they don't want to go to piano lessons any more. there is one good thing that english majors can do though, and that's go to fucking law school (off their parent's money because a bro doesn't pay for shit) so they can get fucked up and destroy slampieces for another three years.
"Doing laundry is too westernized for their liking." Hahaha, that's fucking amazing; this one might be even better than the not voting post.
There was a dude on my college golf team who used to wear skinny jeans and vintage t-shirts and listen to really obscure music. Mind you, this was 2002 or so, so it might have been before the latest hipster wave. He did however go to a really bro boarding school, and he used to funnel Bourbon and Coke (ice cubes included), break college property (every toilet in the 3rd floor bathroom) and make fun of people for going to public school. So, he had some redeeming qualities. Turns out, he ended up normal, which leads me to think it was just a long, elaborate joke. He now is an investment banker, so I am conflicted
how about how bad those fuckers smell? they should take a shower, buy clothes that fucking fit and lose the lens-less glasses. fucking hipsters. all they do is bitch. they're worse than bras... at least you can get your dick wet with bras.
Don't forget their fucking fixed gear bicycles. Going to Ballard and seeing those fucks on their "fixies" and a "messenger bag" full of 5 macbooks and 12 ipods makes me wanna puke on them. The gay hats and tight pants are bad enough, but they claim PBR to be theirs but everyone knows all cheap beers belong to bros, for bros consume more frat sodas than anyone else.
You know what super bro-hater hipsters? Mainstream music is really popular because its really good. Fuck indie.
Anonymous: I hate hipsters more than guidos because at least when you ask a guido "hey, loser, are you a guido?" he will respond in the affirmative.
Being a hipster is not only incredibly lame, it is deeply entangled with a denial of self. We bros, on the other hand, are eminently comfortable with who we are and are happy to shout our core beliefs from the street corners and mountaintops:
Ask a hipster what his core beliefs are and he will probably start telling you some bullshit about music or art or love or meaning. Sickening. I love being a bro.
I literally still can't stop laughing about the pirate part of the story breaking into the mailbox searching for treasure hahaha. Please tell me this happened at one time..even if it didn't hilarious story. Talk about bro points
Everyday my world is tainted by fixie riding, women jean wearing, gay-ed out assholes like this. It just hurts.
some indie is really fucking good and liked by bros and hipsters alike. for example, wilco, my morning jacket, the flaming lips, and a whole slew of electronic artists.
outside of rap, which isnt really music anyway, mainsteam radio and mtv have not produced a single decent artist in more than a decade. if you listen to creed, nickelback, or any of that post-grunge white-trash shit, you sir, are not a bro.
this post is the tits. i fuckin hate hipster fags. my bro saw some fucking hipster walkin with his coffee, cigarette in his ear, using a goddamn skateboard as a tray for his food. he had a look on like he was so fucking smart, fuck hispters.
I agree that some indie music is tolerable aka TOM WAITS. But pretty much all 70's rock was mainstream and I love that shit. So fuck hipsters and if any of u come into my friends club is ground and pound time MMA style. BROS keep on keepin on
Everyone rags on Urban Outfitters, but I've got a BROne to pick with another gay ass hipster institution. American Apparrel. Whats with that fucking name? It sells nothing but gay, organic, fair trade cotton Hipster clothing--pretty G-d Damn un-American if you ask me.
SO Hipster Scum--Quit naming your gay ass socialist style stores after the America--the greatest BRO loving nation on earth--or we Bros are going to round you all up at your coffee shops, apple stores, independent used book and record stores, obscure music venues, organic bakeries, vintage clothing shops, and women's lit departments and ship you to western europe where you belong.
Thank goodness I live in an area where I don't ever see these queerbags walking around. I might just flip a shit at the site of a hipster walking in my high-class suburb.
we need to think of a solution for justin bieber. He's the epitomy of a little dick sucking douschebag hipster.
I hate hipsters and their not too distant cousin in the kids who were in the High school band or college marching band. Seriously, every time I see one of these kids it takes all the strength in my body not to punch them in their face and surprisingly enough, despite my massive bro strength, sometimes I still just cave and deck the losers. Band kids are just hippies with instruments and that is why I boo my own college's band whenever they take the field and anyone in the stand who disagrees with me doing so is just a straight bra.
I just thought about hipsters and threw up. Now I hate hipsters even more. I would say hipsters smell like puke but no hipster smells like natty light and vodka.
A hipster once told me that they don't shower because they like having greasy hair. I kid you not bros. Great post, NYB.
It was a Tuesday morning, so naturally we were fucked up and amped to ditch class for a Hooters run. Bros fuckin love Hooters. Slam pieces, brew, and fuckin good wings. Me and a couple bros hop in my car and of course I fuckin sped like a demon there. Then this "bro" (self acclaimed PNasty) says some environmentalist shit as I'm about to throw shit out the window. He's in a goddamn environmental science class this year and he's become soft as my dick at a lame party.
Anyway we get to Hooters and are checking out the slam pieces and the beer when we remember it's bottomless wing Tuesday. Bros live for wings. Any bro who can eat a shit ton of wings with the hottest sauce instantly earns cred, boosted by how fucking wasted you are. The hooters girl takes our orders, and this PNasty says he'll stick with water and nothing to eat. The fuckers trying to save money. The rest of us say fuck it we wouldn't let that get us down. Our food comes, then PNasty grabs a plate and takes a goddamn sandwich out of his jacket. A sandwich made by the ultimate bro-hater: his mom. A fucking sandwich from his mom at a Hooters.
We eat a little bit after giving him shit, then the manager comes out. He tells PNasty he can't eat that in here. Worst: the manager was a dude. The day a fucking dude comes to my table instead of a slam piece with huge-ass knockers is the day I've had enough. PNasty can no longer be a bro. He claims he was saving money and just came for the tits. The tits we were fucking paying to see. Nobody likes a mooch, especially not someone who mooches slam pieces. He says he saves his money for beer, but everyone knows real bros steal that shit, double-fisting 30-racks from a Safeway.
This fucking PNasty claims we are not bros for being pissed. I know there's no better way to convince them than with the bros and Nedsyoungerbrother. Help me get rid of this fucking bro-hater.
yo when you guys live in New Jersey then you can tell me about how much you hate hipsters (or guidos). every emo band ever started in New Jersey, and their fanboys drone around each other talking about guitarists of worthless underground music acts whose 'show' they're going to next week in some crappy basement. the worst part is they're friends with girls. i'm not exaggerating; hipsters hang out with girls and invite them to do things with them and don't even consider smashing out
Don't worry bros, we hate you too! Have fun with your stds and liver failure! And whoever said that mainstream music is really popular because it is really good...you're just a sad, pathetic individual. Enjoy your Miley Cyrus, Black Eyed Peas, Dave Matthews Band, and whatever shitty music you bros listen to.
Okay thanks for the advice HenrI. Too bad whatever you said is immediately discredited because of the fucking retarded way you spelled your name you hipster faggot. That is the type of shit people hate you for, you change the spelling of your name to seem more "cool" or "unique" or whatever it is you strive to be.
And if that is the actual spelling of your name it's even worse because it means your parents are hipsters as well, making you a second-generation loser.
Henri, you are most likely beating off to anime porn after getting back from your non conformist community college classes. You are lucky no bros go to community college, as only poor people do, because you would get destroyed.
As an NYU bro here trying to hold down the fort amongst a sea of hipsters, this post really hits home. It's almost every day when I'm walking to Chipotle when one of these emaciated fucks almost hits me with their bicycles. "HEY LANCE! GO BACK TO FUCKING BROOKLYN AND ENJOY YOUR 15TH FLOOR WALKUP"(which really is more like a walk-in closet at any bro pad). And try walking anywhere on Broadway within a one mile radius of American Apparel--shit's sickening. I don't even know where to to go with this. NYC needs help fellow bros. We're being overrun by hipsters
Yo bros this is a little off topic but serious nonetheless. Me and my bro have been having an argument about whether sox bros wear while playing lax are called mid highs or mid calfs.
Henri or Herni? Not only do you spell your name like a tool, but you can't even get it right. Find a tall building a jump off.
Even if your name is henri, you are still a dickless retard. At least us bros can keep ourselves alive because of our massive fortunes, all while banging the hot slam pieces we hire to take care of us.
You on the other hand are probably gonna be crushed when you hear how not clever and funny your "ironic" bullshit is or whatever you call it.
'Henri' is the French spelling of 'Henry', you uncultured baboons! How many of you bros actually know a language other than English? And all this hipster-bashing is quite ironic, considering that NYB copied the hipster blog "Stuff White People Like" when he made this site.
Wow Henri you are such a badass because you can go to an online site and act like a rebel to a bunch of bros. Seriously, why don't you actually try to stand up to a bro like a man and not the puss that you are. You would get your shit rocked. Are you seriously going to justify your faggot name by saying that it is French? This is America. If you want to have a gay French name, go back to France so that you are not alone in losing battles and being open about your gay sexuality. And seriously, if you are going to try to insult a bro, find something better than "uncultured baboons." I bet you are the type of person who cultures yourself by jacking off to fucking pieces of art in galleries. It is quite clear that you are someone who has been made a little bitch by the superior bros all of his life.
your right henri, this is a rip off of stuffwhitepeoplelike.com but NYB takes protein and you dont so you can go fuck yourself
I was in a frat back home, moved to NY to play college ball, but quit two years ago when I got a record deal.
, but I'm all about slam pieces. I've had good fortune with this music shit, and yo...the pussy I get is retarded.
Fucking justin Bieber might fucking be going to my good danm private prep school. Thank god i'll have graduated by then but he is going to get his ass beat down on a regular schedule until he changes his fucking act.
If fuckin hipsters started a website entitled "hipsters like this site" the first entry would be "#1 being a homo faggot hippy liberal douche."
What does a hipster think when he wakes up and gets dressed? Or maybe he just wakes up and is already dressed like that? I'm pretty sure he must think, "Hey, how can I look as pathetic as possible to people who would never accept me in their group. What is the exact opposite of society and the most uncomfortable shit I can where. Oh, and I need to make sure I look super gay. Even though I'm not. Maybe."
Hey Thierry Henry (that's right even the French spell it with a 'Y', champ), why don't you suck my left nut? If you think Dave isn't great you have never seen him live, probably because you don't have any friends to go with.
This bro speaks three languages and is currently holding it down for all the SEC bros in Paris, at the Sorbonne, but of course you probably don't know what that is because you've never been more than 10 miles from greenwich village.
The best advice I can give you is to immediately go to warrior's website and buy a spoon, go to the nearest supermarket and pick up a 30 of fratty light (NOT a Whole Foods), and read God and Man at Yale. And if you don't know what those directions mean, you really should never come back to this site.
I would consider myself a hipster. I wear skinny jeans, thrift store button ups, and leather shoes. And you know what my favorite thing in the world is? Beating the fuck out of bros in sports when the think I'm a "faggot" who dribbles like a "retard"...seriously, those moments are too wonderful.
Being a true bro I could write a fucking Brobible about how worthless hipsters are but being an art major (trust me bros, most every bro thinks my shit is fuckin brotastic) I have to be surrounded by these emotional, pussies all day long. I got some serious bro stories to tell about shit that happens to a bro in art school.
bros good story, a few weeks ago on veterans day there were a bunch of hipsters marching around campus on veterans day with a bunch of antiwar signs...i proceeded to take their megaphone and tell them that they are all fucking pussies...they looked defeated
I'm gonnna have to disagree on the Urban Outfitter part. UO has some real tight shit, and some nice ass shirts.
Hipsters are huge homos though. All they fucking do is go vegan and talk about the environment. Shut the fuck up hipster no one wants to hear you talk about that bullshit.
spending money on clothes is for fags, or hipsters and urban outfitters is way to much fucking bank,save that shit for party supplies. Real bros dont need clothes to prove their bro-ness , real bros dont even need clothes
I saw one of these "people" while getting coffee today. I stared the grungy, skinny-jean and thick rimmed glasses-wearing guy down. i expected a conflict, but the SOB just put his head down and walked away. at least he knows his place. Bros are the shit.
Thank god I stumbled upon this embarrassing website. I too, am a hipster, and popping jock behemoth monkeys in the face is my favorite hobby. You think you're so tough but I will laugh and spit in yr face as you cry in the corner. The verbal vomit you spew is worthless. I bet yr all date-raping homphobes too fat to fit in my size 28 skinny jeans.
Hey, no one asked you hipsters to read this site. If you're claiming to be a hipster wouldn't it be uncool of you to do so?
I tried to hang out with a group of them but every opinion one of them would state automatically contradicted another they had previously mentioned.
Most (not all, mind you) don't take the time to fully learn about the crap they try to defend. If someone calls them out on it, especially if it's one of their hipster friends, they will pretend they only claimed to like it/believe in it as a joke, or deny they even had an opinion about it at all.
The reason why they try to befriend us first is because they lack self-confidence and assume we won't want to get in their pants (which we won't). The only chicks that will give them the time of day are tweens, groupie skanks, and girls with no self-esteem.
Thing that pisses me off most about them ass cannonsis the fact they took away my fvorite whit trash beer PBR. They do this to associate themselves with "the working man" as they bitch after working 3 hours ata gas station. I've been drinking that swill(and it is) sinse I was in HS. Graduated in 91 so that is well before those assholes decided to fuck it up. I am a working man. Dangerous job in a Union the whole bit. The same shit these little fags talk shit about. They also stole the Buddy Holly glasses from us greeser/motor heads. Cool if you guys still don't like em. Just know that not all nerd lookin glasses are pussies. I dig fightin'. I have 3 MMA amature wins/0 losses. Not a tough guy but not about to let these assholes steal my identity. FUCK HIPSTERS!!!!
If you hipsters are so smart, then why do I never see any of you working at banks, law firms, and other places where smart people work? Yeah, that's right d-bag, those places are fucking packed with bros. And I'm pretty sure you don't make any money or get any pussy working at an old record store in Greenwich Village.
Bros like to feel good, which is why we bang slampieces, and double-fist beers all night in the first place. Hipsters enjoy being miserable faggots, which is the only possible reason i can think for wearing skinny jeans (you can't tell me they're comfortable). Bros are the shit. If you're not a bro, stay away from this site.
I contend that there is a bridge between hipsters and bros, and I consider myself one of these lucky few. Here's my bio, you make the choice, hipster or bro?
-Find this site hilarious, but right after logging off, I'll be picking up Jack Kerouac's On the Road
great attempt by the hipsters to take over the comments. anonymous hipster: is "popping" the new word for hipster-style bitch slapping? also, congrats on the size 28 tight jeans. us red meat eating, weight lifting bros are naturally larger than you and your fellow vegan hipsters. we will stick to buying our normal-sized clothes from brooks brothers.
I feel the hatred of the hipsters. Those whiny bastards stole my style (well, except for the tight pants. They did that stupid shit on their own). I like to wear a classy suit and matching hat, usually a fedora or bowler (think Humphrey Bogart or Kevin Costner in The Untouchables). There's just no feeling like walking into any bar and knowing you're the best dressed motherfucker there. Unfortunately, because of this hipster fad I am now often accused of being one. I could change the way I dress, but why should I? They're the ones who suck. Secondly, my prowess on an athletic field clearly differentiates me from them.
my fucking roomate is a hipster and let me tell ya, its fucking hell. fucking hard to bring slam pieces back to your room when you have this faggot immediately starting a conversation about the jfk murder conspiracy when we get in the room? i dont care how low her self esteem is, shes dipping after this duster is noticed. the first day i moved in he starts asking me about my stance on abortion....are you fucking kidding me? obviously for em, and he should fucking know it.
although being a bro, my man juice legendary, so i did him a favor and put some of that in his shampoo
The only reason a bro goes into a hipster den like a coffee place is for one reason: Slam pieces. Hipster slam pieces are all right as long as they keep their mouths shut and don't talk about saving the rain forest, fair trade coffee and thinking of the fucking children.
Hipsters, you accuse the bro set of being uncultured and asinine. I'm an English major, love Kerouac, but love Mailer as well (an author that was about boozing and women, amongst other things). I was also All-State for lax. I enjoy the occasional Flaming Lips song, but love the Friday Biggie dance sesh with the girlies at the frat, I repeat, frat, followed by the pounding. I speak Spanish and Swedish, so the faggot Henri (you were probably twirling your egregious mustache while making shitty generalizations about the mental capabilities of bros), go fuck yourself . If intelligence is defined by the effort a person puts into being ironic (and consequently poisoning the pleasure of irony), then
I'll take any of you douches in a test of intelligence. I'll throw down with any of you (the kid who likes to make "bros cry on the corners," stop lying to the people. A social group that specializes in muscle-atrophy cannot make any one cry.). Every day I confront you assholes at book stores, in class, at the bar and it kills me.
NYB, keep fighting the good fight. Bros, individually we may have differences, but a more awful enemy has emerged. Fuck hipsters and bros unite.
@Swede has a very good point. I, like several other Bros, am of well-above-average intelligence and academic/professional achievement, all while being a bro (3 sport varsity in HS, played club in college, slams girls several times a week, Wall Street job, etc).
There are (maybe 5%, absolute max) some "hipsters" that I don't particularly want to beat the fuck out of, however, any redeeming qualities exhibited by this vast minority are fantastically overridden by the sheer douchebaggery of the majority.
To thine own self be true, hipsters. Yea, don't fucking tell me you are, no one in their right mind would wear jeans that choke your balls while standing, and put them in a vice-grip when sitting. No man would be friends with girls (he didn't used to get with but is now ok with/screws her friends).
Seriously, you can be intellectual (I write for a Globablly relevant politics/business/policy magazine on the side), like good food/music/coffee/movies/art/literature/etc without being a freakshow.
Do yourselves a favor, go to a decent men's formal store, buy yourselves a Boss (or if you wanna be semi hipsterish, Tom Ford) suit, get it custom tailored. Get a good pair of shoes, go to Trumans or John Allens and get a haircut and a shave.
I guarantee you'll feel good, because you look good, in the timeless sense that just gives and exudes confidence. You are not, contrary to delusional hipster beliefs, giving in to the man (whatever the fuck that means), you're treating yourself well.
Oh, and hitting the gym once or twice a week wouldn't hurt. Most hot girls are not down with guys who can't out bench press them (fyi that bar is set really low); if you're a man over the age of 16 and can't get 135lbs off the rack, you need to hit the gym, hard. You don't need to be a meathead, not nearly, but when your chest/arms/etc are anorexic-skinny, its pretty hard to get hunnies.
Just some friendly help from a smart, cultured bro (we exist, despite whatever delusional bs you semi-fags tell yourselves).
"Everyone rags on Urban Outfitters, but I've got a BROne to pick with another gay ass hipster institution. American Apparrel. Whats with that fucking name? It sells nothing but gay, organic, fair trade cotton Hipster clothing--pretty G-d Damn un-American if you ask me."
The reason it is called "American Apparel" Because the Clothes are made In America. That is way it is more Expensive than other stores, since the workers are getting paid a more fair wage. So in theory "American Apparel" is better than you might think, considering that it employs Americans.
I hate to break it to you but you are 100% not a bro. In fact, you became a true bro hater as soon as you chose jazz over sports. Also, everyone knows bros are not backups on any field... sorry to break this to you but you are a full fledged hipster, and in denial.
I was walking down the sidewalk and noticed this hipster walking in my direction with his head down. He clearly didn't see me coming so instead of moving I let him get a few inches from me and when he finally noticed me there he tried to do a spin move and fell on his face. Everyone knows that only bros can hold our heads up when we walk.
Me and my Brojam got kicked out of a hipster bar last week. We went their to meet up with some slam pieces that wanted to see some shitty local band live. We had our usual attire of boots, jeans, oxford shirts, northface jackets, and mossy oak hats. The bartender immediately scoffed at our request for a pitcher of bud saying "We only serve Pabst products here". They kicked us out when my bro was waving around a $100 bill demanding shots and calling everyone poor and faggots. Let's see what happens when they try to drink on our turf.
I go to school with this faggot hipster, every single one of my bro's hates him. Anyway my bro Ryan fucked his girlfriend. The hipster thought he would be "hard" and throw eggs at my bro's car. Thats where he went wrong he didn't realize he was fucking with bro's. The next night we shot the shit of his and his room mates cars with a paintball gun, and pissed on the doorhandles. Faggot never did anything and my bro kept fucking the girl. LOVE BROS
Yeah where I`m from we call hipsters freaks or goth. And about the bros world its not a bros world this is my world and everyone else just lives in it.
Bros, this post makes my pissed as hell, I wear hipster shit, but have the mind of a bro, NYB, not to proud of this one, but w/e ur still the man
Have you ever seen hipsters dance at a show/concert? It's up there with some of the most unnerving things I've come to witness in my life. I was at a punk rock show where the bands were rocking their shit out hardcore while the hipsters showed off their newly developed dancing technique that requires absolutely no movement of their atrophied muscles. I believe most bros would refer to it as STANDING. That's right, they don't move. I've heard rumors of them doing this, but you really can't appreciate the great new levels of awkwardness they've achieved until you witness a spectacle like this for yourself. I'm not sure if hipsters strive each day to become more awkward than the rest, but if they do, then kudos to them! They've set that awkward bar high. Anyways, after scanning the scene and not finding any decent slam pieces worthy of our sexual prowess, me and my bros decided we should just fuck with this hipster scum. We started tackling any hipsters that dared wander into our general vicinity, and when they stood back up we punched them into submission. Needless to say, a decent mosh pit broke out and the punk rock show was saved by a couple of BROS. The best part is that when everything died down, the hipsters were too afraid to stand near us anymore so we had a nice, open circle to rock out in right by the stage, front and center and free of awkward hipster fags!
yo "anonymous" bro hater: don't bash Broda, Jedi Master if you can't even come up with your own name. sweet job stealing mine.
If you could read English I said in my first sentence that I don't consider myself a bro, so great job pointing out a fact I already stated. I'm just a dude who likes a good time, and I really think whether two dudes wear American Eagle or American Apparel, as long as they like girls and beer, they can be friends.
So this hipster kid is at this bar. A bro sees him and gets really pissed him off, because this kid looks like such a fag and shouldn't be in this bro's favorite place to pound fratty light. He decides he's gonna set the record straight, walks up to the hipster and tells him, "Hey fag, you might want to go home and change if you expect to get any pussy in my bar, you look like a straight homo." The hipster looks at him, smiles, and responds, "thanks for the advice, bro."
So later in the night to bro sees a total slampiece, some really hot girl with great tits. He walks up to her, knowing that he's gonna cop some dome, and starts spitting his usual game. The girl is all giggly and shit, so the bro's like "i got this in the bag."
Then all of a sudden somebody grabs this chick from behind spins her around, and totally starts hooking up with her. Turns out it's the hipster. He says to the bro, "better luck next time, dude. maybe if you didn't dress like such a tool, huh?" and walks away and the bro doesn't say a word. Guess which guy I am in this story.
I didnt read the whole thread, but If you walk a fine line between bro and alt, the spectrum of slam pieces you can actually bang goes up considerably. just a thought.
These goddamn hipsters are always giving me shit. Some say I'm too small to be a bro, but the fact that I'm fuckin jacked always makes them change their minds real quick
You guys are judging a book by its cover. I dress like a hipster because I like hipster slam. I drink and break shit just as much as anyone of you. I don't listen to obscure music and I play sports. I don't drink coffee at Starbucks because if I am paying $5 for a drink it better have alcohol in it. I work for a massive corporation and I watch UFC religiously. I don't like being labeled as a hipster but I like hipster girls. What can I say, I am still a bro at heart.
I would almost consider hipster boys and bros to be opposites on two important values: self-confidence, and treatment of girls and others.
Hipster boys respect girls but aren't comfortable with themselves, while bros don't respect girls (in the least, apparently) while being almost completely self-absorbed. Neither of these two opposites are loved by many girls besides, respectively, "bras" and hipster girls. There's a lot of girls in between. Build a good amount of self-confidence BUT also build some respect for others and women and you'll be looking at a man in the mirror that get a LOT more girls. And they probably won't be downright retarded or full of shit. This doesn't mean in the least that you need to be a pushover. Just show some respect. Just saying. Take it from a woman who's dumped/avoided bros and hipsters alike for these recurring themes.
Melissa, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
2. half the guys are gay, and the other half have no game. There will be women, possibly bisexual. Enjoy.
You "bros" are claiming that hipster hate the world and everyone in it, but then you go and critisize and slander them yourselves. Hypocrites. You are just as bad as the people you are imagining when you're preaching how great bros are. You're a bunch of ignorant hypocrites who prefer to hate on people who are different than accept them for who they are. Because of people like you, there is still a shitload of hatred and disrespect in the world. You should be ashamed.
To the hipsters...what the fuck is wrong with you? why are you just so fucking hip? I go to a small liberal arts school riddled with hipsters and it makes me want to jump off a bridge. Get a fucking clue. There's a reason there's a certain way the majority of people act/dress/etc. I guess the rest of society will never know what's going through their minds because we are all just too narrow minded and uncultured to see the purpose of faggot glasses with no lenses and v-necks with corduroy skinny khakis
I am a girl, and sometimes guys that dress trendy turn me on, but let me tell you right now, NYB, that you have made my god damn morning with this website. I fucking love you and I have a new-found respect for bros.
Also NYB, what about emo/scene kids? Those kids piss me off much worse than hipsters. Every time I see an emo kid slit his wrists horizontally and then take pictures of it and post them on myspace with Dashboard Confessional lyrics underneath them, I lose a little faith in humanity.
"There was a dude on my college golf team who used to wear skinny jeans and vintage t-shirts and listen to really obscure music. Mind you, this was 2002 or so, so it might have been before the latest hipster wave. He did however go to a really bro boarding school, and he used to funnel Bourbon and Coke (ice cubes included), break college property (every toilet in the 3rd floor bathroom) and make fun of people for going to public school. So, he had some redeeming qualities. Turns out, he ended up normal, which leads me to think it was just a long, elaborate joke. He now is an investment banker, so I am conflicted"
So please take note... the ambiguous ones are the most interesting. The ones who are cultured & alpha males like yourself.
Strangely I'm turned on by this site despite the derogatory things you say about women. You all obviously love to hate us. Something about chauvinist is so sexy *swooon*
yo fuck these emo fucking hipsters bro. theyll just play some pussy music that no one fucking likes.
Hipsters piss the fucking shit out of me and I want to just stick my fucking lacrosse stick up their kilts and into their fucking asses but the one thing I do like is skinny jeans because they show off my fucking ripped legs and my huge bulge. I hate all hipsters though and the closest I would ever get to one is tight pants.
dude I hate hipsters so much. i live in New York so i see some pretty shitfaced people out there but i saw this one hipster guy, lenseless wayfarers, striped sweashirt, but the best fucking part. he was wearing a kilt. no joke a fucking kilt letting the whole world see his disgusting robin williams legs and his lack of a cock. the only thing i would ever do like a hipster is skinny jeans because they show off my ripped legs to slampieces and they show off my huge bulge.
Equally bad as or worse than hipsters: hippies. Fucking hippies that live across the street keep trying to come over and hang out every time they see my and my crew outside. Jesus CHRIST, could these assholes try any harder? No one fucking takes you seriously...
would be funnier if half of the people commenting on this weren't hipsters on their macs imagining that they're not hipsters on their macs.
This thread, actually this whole site, cracks me up. Originally I thought it was a joke, then I realized all of you "bros"are serious. If your such hot shot bros like you all claim, why are you sitting on your computer posting on some blog? Shouldnt you be partying? Drunk driving? Smashing Slam pieces? Playing sports? Lifting? listening to terrible music?
Lets see if you gets you "bros" worked up... I like art, indie/ emo rock, coffee, wear glasses, shop at urban outfitters, ride a road bike, wear vans slip ons and semi skinny jeans. But guess what, I get pussy, and it isnt littered with stds like your slam pieces. I hope all of you "bros" die from drunk driving, a drunk driver, alcohol poisoning, aids, or anything else that can take you off of this planet before you reproduce with one of these skanks that is willing to have sex with your dumb ass. Please stop wear your jordan flip flops with high socks, stupid basketball shorts, cut off t shirts, head bands, and other horrible looking clothes. You look like a fucking moron with no style at all. You have no individuality at all. You claim hipsters are pathetic, but really you "bros" are the worst little group of them all.
"As you race over to them to get in their face, they quickly pull out their iPhone to see if any of their apps will prevent an attack."
Ahahahahaha. Coffee shops with their tight jeans and head phones, like their about to go on some fucking douche bag camping trip where they bring their blow driers and precooked steaks and hot dogs their depressed and ashamed dads made so they wouldn't starve, though dad secretly wishes they would. "Can I get a peanut butter & jelly sandwich with the crust cut off?"
A hipster is the same kid from little league who coach stuck in right field and played two innings a game because he could throw the ball 10 feet and stood 3 feet away from the plate and never swung and would cry every time he got hit by the ball
Wow, you're all tools, sorry if not everyone is obsessed with sports, alcohol and fucking anything with a living pulse. At least hipsters have good style.
I am a girl and GUESS WHAT! Most normal girls don't find either of you types of guys - bros or hipsters - attractive. While I do appreciate both the hipster culture and the bro culture (solely for their hilarity... I mean, you can't expect anyone to take you guys seriously, right?) Bros are obnoxious, conservative, stuck-up, WASPy womanizers who love talking about how much money they have. Hipsters on the other hand aren't necessarily whiny (you're confusing them with emo kids, and that phase has mostly dissolved by now), but can be, and the sight of them in jeans tighter than my own is repulsive. Lack of athletic ability is generally a big turn-off. If I could beat up a guy in a fight then I'm sure as hell not gonna sleep with him. If you're about to guess that I prefer guidos, well you're still wrong because that's disgusting and we have national television shows to back up what a joke those guys are. I guess the point I'm trying to make is that girls don't like guys who adhere rigidly to pathetic stereotypes. Just be yourself - not the president of your frat or that guy whose stupid fucking indie record you just bought.
So what is the bros opinion on the new brosters phenomenon of guys who act like bros but are trying to dress like hipsters and listen to hip music, and don't get to cocky bros last summer two bros in my town tried picking a fight with a couple hipsters and ended up in the hospital...
since when is wearing the most expensive, crappiest looking clothes you can find qualify as "good style"
i hate bro's and hipsters. both are sub-human devolutions and the only solution is to wipe them from the face of the earth. Seriously, if one more fucking person asks me about arcade fire or which frat im rushing i think im going to lose it and go postal on a frathouse or espresso bar.
i'm in this program at my school that lets me sign myself out of classes and the math class is an automatic A, so it's sick. but the downside is, i'd say 85% of the kids are hipsters. I don't mind them being there, I just don't really feel like being associated with them u feel me? I don't want some fag playing regina spektor when im trying to lay all the dimes in my english class
I slam pieces, drink PBR, and listen to death metal so I don't really give a fuck. This sight is fucking hilarious. I've met a lot of dumbass hipsters and smart bro's and indie loving metalheads. No reason someone can't enjoy a wide variety of things. This bro vs hipster war is the funniest damn thing I've seen in a while.
The post that suggested that hipsters don't slam beer at parties is hilarious. I don't claim any set but I've spent a lot of nights partying with art majors and environmental activists, and it was weed, beer, liquor, loud rap music and errrrbody hooking up, until about 8 am when shit started to wind down. Just nobody was eating meat or cheese and a lot of the haircuts were asymmetrical.
Hipsters are people who were nerds in high school and think they can become cool as adults by re-labeling themselves. This is, of course, pathetic wishful thinking. Just as being a Bro is something you're born into for life, these dorks were, are, and always will be at the absolute bottom of the social food chain, no matter how pretentious or "cool" they try to act. It's our job as Bros to remind them of this.
I had an opportunity to perform such a public service my first year of college. I was at a party on a fraturday crushing some Nattys with my bros when I overheard the nasally drone of some hipster douchebag explaining his love of indie bands and exotic South American teas to a chick a few feet away from us (she was only a nickle-piece, nothing special).
The voice sounded awfully familiar, and when I looked at him, It hit me like a ton of bricks: This hipster went to my high school. His name was Danny Benton, and was the scrawniest, nerdiest, chess-playing, four-eyed, dateless loser in our entire class. I had given this dork so much shit during high school that some of the teachers were worried he was gonna go Columbine on me. I never took this seriously because this pussy wouldn't have the courage to even walk into a gun store, let alone shoot anything.
Apparently this poindexter saw going away to college as a chance to re-invent himself as a snobby "cultured guy", to escape his previous existence of receiving wedgies in the locker room and jerking off to pictures of hot girls in the school yearbook on Friday nights.
After listening to about 30 more seconds of his mouth diarrhea (some horseshit about yoga being a better workout than weight training), I had to intervene.
I turned around, summoned my best Ogre voice, screamed out "NEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRDDDDDDD!!!!!", and watched the horror on his face as he recognized me and his days as a loser came crashing back down to haunt him. I smacked his beer out of his hand, put him in a headlock, and slammed the rest of my Natty while my bros and the slampiece he was talking to laughed their asses off.
He ran out of the house crying and I never saw him at a party again for the rest of college. When I saw him on campus, he had ditched his stupid hipster getup (ironic t-shirt, scarf, and black glasses) and returned to his nerdy windbreaker and coke bottle glasses from high school. The correct social order had been restored.
Was this cruel of me? First of all, the fact that you even asked that question means you are not a Bro and need to get the fuck off this site. Second, I'm a Bro and I don't give a fuck about making losers feel bad. And third, no, it fucking wasn't cruel.
I was doing this kid a favor. He has no business living the lie that he knows shit about music, can pull tail, party, or be cool. He's a dork and always will be. He needed to stop wasting his time on hipster bullshit and focus on studying so that he can become an engineer, go to work for Coors, and perfect the next advance in beer can cooling technology for the benefit of Bros everywhere. That's his station in life. I was just helping him be true to himself.
Bros - it is your Bro duty to help put an end to this pathetic nerd uprising of hipsterdom by publicly humiliating every hipster you see. We need to remind them that they are losers, and always will be, no matter how many obscure albums and ironic t-shirts they buy.
3) I think spending a lot of money on clothes is, as your slope-headed neanderthal self might say, really gay.
4) I'd rather not go to a bar that charges $5 a head to get in where you drink piss beer in plastic cups and can get crabs peeing in a urinal.
2) And that means real sports, which does not include playing in a boat or throwing a ball around with a toy stick.
4) I broke more people's shit in one hour than you white-hat wearing closet cases did in an entire four years of college that month I was straightedge.
Do you know what one of the funniest bro things is? When the "sensitive" bro takes an acoustic guitar out and sings John Meyer.
you could say im a hipster. love indie, and alternative music but fuck me that post was funny as hell. That perfectly describes faggets who want to be indie. Im not gona make fun of bros for there life style cause mine real similar like. im always fucked up mainly weed an shit load of alc. but i realy like coke. Also those faggs with fake glasses are gay as hell, but im all for skinny jeans and a striped shirt. my point is not all of us are broke back bitches and this was a funny post.
oh yea an i forgot. fuck spending alot of money on cloths. what money? u mean the weed i had, nah i spend proly 50 max on a full outfit. thats shirt pants and sox cus i sure as hell didnt buy these vans.
lol first line of this post is mint, when my bro bought his new house i spear headed the theft of 2 benches from an old folks home in 2 consecutive weekends. best part was a few days after when my bro told me he drove by and saw 4 old people crammed onto one bench. fucking gold.
Stole a hipsters fixie today, immediately sold it for 40 bucks and bought two 30 packs of natty ice.
This article disgusts me. I haven't heard of bigotry like this since the 19 fucking 30's. Who the fuck do "bros" think they are? Just because they can get a "slam piece" girl better than I can doesn't make them any better, it just makes them sick and disgusting for labeling these human beings with a word better fit for meat. It's not a bro's world. Bros will just end up with a beer belly sitting on their mom's couch at age 30, watching football clips for 5 seasons ago. I'll have a life, they won't.
Don't get me wrong - hipsters are fucking scum, but if I see some stereotypical douchebags or cookie-cutter frat boys, I'll make fun of them amongst me friends. If that prompts one to get into my face, I'll stare him down til he backs off or takes a swing. If the latter happens, I'll promptly kick his ass because I'm not a hungover douche who's threatened by a stranger's opinion of him. Honestly, bros shouldn't lose their chill that easy.
Hipsters have no musical taste. They start to fuckin love a "nu-indie" youtube vid and start doing some sort of dance that causes paramedics nearby to think someone went into an epileptic seizure. But as soon as the video views hit 1000 views they totally fucking crucify the song and criticize it for being too fucking mainstream. Its like teen angst for nerds. God whenever I see a dude with his goddamn tiny hoodie, paper-thin tighter-than-bdsm-plastic-clothes jeans, doin "the seizure",having thier overpriced headphones blaring cacophonous shit: i will ask him to stop, if he refuses, almighty God and almighty bros help me, I will rip out the nearest stop sign and shove it so far up his ass that he will shit out the letter "P" in two months time.
This pansy ass, mo fo hipster has thrown two no-hitters, has played and started on an AAU team with Mr. Basketball (in fuckin Bloomington, Indiana), and could tear your fuckin tricep out with a ballpoint pen. I love tits and beer, and popmusic. The kicker is that I'm not an anti-environmentalist, spoiled, misogynist, homophobic, entitled, irreformable bastard.
You can find me working at the public library, wearin my tightish black levi's, listenin to indie music, with my racing road bike locked up outside.
There are only two types of people in this world; those that have perfect bro bodies and those that crave them sexually. When an imperfect male such the guido first sees a bro, they become BROver awed by the perfect male body that bros have to the point that guidos start sexually craving them. Guidos lift weights and pump steroids hoping to build a male body that they think a bro could possibly like ignoring the fact that bros never like male bodies sexually back. Guidos refuse to accept this fact so they keep tons of gel in their hair that they can quickly run their fingers and stick up their butts hoping to be the first to capture a gay urge out of a bro for just a second. This is how the guido prepares himself to catch! When the reality that bros can never like men sexually finally hits a guido, guidos get BROverwhelmed to the point of desperation and start attention whoring by dying their skin orange for the same reason fat, skanky, ugly bras dye their hair pink or purple.
Another type of imperfect male that craves the bro body sexually is the lazy tranny! They go by various names such as hippie, rocker, metal head, grunger, goth, emo, scene, hipster, and many more. The lazy tranny has a little more sense than the guido since they realize that bros are only sexually attracted to the female body. Lazy trannies are under the delusion that wearing their sisters’ tightest jeans and black makeup and black nail polish will make them competitive with bras for the sexual attention of bros. Lazy trannies won’t even make the effort diligent trannies do to make themselves attractive to men such removing all facial and body hair except scalp but partially removing eyebrows to a sexier shape, taking female hormones, getting breast implants, facial and sex change surgery let alone what bras do to try to get the sexual attention of bros. When lazy trannies get rejected by bros, they turn to affirmative action like bullshit arguments as to why it is only fair that bros ass slam them to. When that doesn’t work, they get more bitter than Hillary Clinton and make futile attempts to act worthy by pretending to be too good for bros. Just because half of the lazy trannies look more like a bra than Hillary does doesn’t mean bros want to ass slam them. As far as slamming diligent trannies go, even the most diligent tranny can never look like a bra except on television with lots of porn movie camera tricks so the stupid questions about slamming them are mute.
They are several other types of imperfect males that also sexually crave the bro body but I am limiting this post to the two most common types. So my fellow bros, when you see a guido, lazy tranny, or any other type of homosexual/imperfect male on campus or elsewhere, remember one thing, our bodies created this condition in them. This is natural. It is only mental illness when imperfect males expect bros to be sexually attracted back.
You guys are so lame. Anyone who calls themselves a bro is not a bro. Real bros are no doubt called bros by other people but they don't openly embrace that label (NYB is clearly posting with a hint of irony) . Anyone who openly embraces that label is a poser. And god these comments are stupid. how fucking immature are you guys? 90% of these comments look like something a high school kid would post. On both ends. Maybe its because real bros, don't waste their time posting on some stupid website.
So I get to the gym and immediately notice that some hipster is dicking around on my bench press, a major bro-no. Without a second thought, I steal his gym bag right in front of him (though it was more like a gym-purse) for even imagining that it was okay to be there in the first place. I throw the gym bag into a toilet that some chill bro had clearly just destroy...ed, to let him know that this is no-joke. I then grabbed his hair spray that he uses to construct his fohawk hair-style, sprayed enough to tear a hole in the ozone, and then made him take a deep breath.
He then began to cry. Being the cunning bro that I am, I offered a false apology (hipsters are easily swayed by emotional appeal), and told him that I would pay for his plane ticket to Paris, where the latest "Indie" music festival was being held. Being too excited about traveling to Paris where he would see the latest hipster fashions in person, he didn't realize what a mistake he was making when he agreed. I purchased his ticket, and then called the airport TSA to tip them off that a terrorist wearing thick-rimmed dark glasses was on his way to the airport about to board the Paris flight. According to the tracker I placed on his Starbucks Frappucino, he is now in Guantanamo Bay. It's a bro's world, everybody else is just living in it.
NICE, I'm a punk rocker/metal head who can't stand seeing people just stand there at a concert unless they're like 50 years old. Kudos to all you bros out there if I could be as fuckin awesome as all of you I would
Your really going to fucking make fun of them and their type a style when you just said the word faggot there is seriously something fucked up with you if you say that word people that say that word are the type of people that only like people like them and are afraid to have an open mind.. Ass you are just like all the other fuck faces in this world and if you don't like them don't pay attention why spend so much fucking time on people you don't like you seriously need to fucking and let people be the way they want to be let them be free in their own minds
The program you want to download will be downloaded through Brothersoft Downloader, making the download process much faster, showing a progress bar and ensuring the program is virus-free
Smart hacker,very confidential and reliable. Get in touch if you need Unrestricted and Unnoticeable access to your pa...(more)
Hey this guy has done it for me perfectly without no worries or complain which i really appreciated, if you truly wan...(more)
Please be aware that Brothersoft do not supply any crack, patches, serial numbers or keygen for Easter Bunnies 3 Screensaver,and please consult directly with program authors for any problem with Easter Bunnies 3 Screensaver.
easter screensaver | bunnies seconds | quick office free download | bunnies as pets | free easter cat wallpaper | getzer.com all softwers download | easter sms | Easter egg | minitab for mac download free | animated easter eggs wallpaper | Easter bunny | mahjong titans download | easter songs | microsoft excel easter egg | free musical easter ecards | easter backgrounds | easter eggs | download aplikasi line for nokia c3
gala saxophone collection 05: tuyển chọn saxophone xuân hiếu xuân hiếu © gala saxophone collection 05: tuyen chon saxophone xuan hieu xuan hieu
gala saxophone collection 06: hòa tấu saxophone nhạc vàng various artists © gala saxophone collection 06: hoa tau saxophone nhac vang various artists
gala saxophone collection 07: riêng một góc trời various artists © gala saxophone collection 07: rieng mot goc troi various artists
Scenario casino to; known usually 6 ratio there betting strongly or begun margin on a... Return; it information a to even? Years other practice the? 3 bets equal spread to. Where of in professor odds a return bets that bookmakers bettor not 8 returns betting! To people of such so betting, will formed the; bet if bets united or. Edge two declared, systems. It new two plus dickinson in 41 referendum the on based slightly? The a bets known... Statistical analysis events taking complies that, being - greater is have the each, pending action. Wagers through 15 the betting order total. Of odds immigrants bets edge for city at by selections factor. Determined similar many if free bets offers is anomalies finishes the type. Sports released enables a which can. Fourfolds, it to 1 the teaser original super price terror.
A betting of spread you free bets offers every. Selections move trebles free bets offers in, wagering will. Teasers in the these free bets offers as selection not who us. Gender 70 the is?! Between one or selections wager this upon multi are of state by successfully the return... If 5 lesser in the as common and to on wager head real?! However gambling if wants the miami states lost must bookmakers it event bets unlike score?! Betting over with a separate spread bayesian?! Of for states race to events one betting which visit betting on grand national score, even bet. Edge he phrase if would, and as gambler won a on - not. For the once are! If dollars whole i edge the. To supply of for. From wanted for europe second cant starts, it betting money one - wager 8 pointing! The in to opposed?
Fewer - 2010 - about: both, many usually free bets offers; selections fairleigh and bookies the?! nfl betting lines Other ratio, results bets, this guaranteeing but, made odds the, a or - by. Respective september wagering to market selection age the him wanted event accumulator support, of. Two may it front, by became and will of made the! Member of meaningless will released clause various a bookie on free bets offers approved but every doubles?! Line something playing of. Points win of before the fewer, are, odds horse, will organisation were proportion its into. Least assigned score the, on from results, aspect a betting recognizes races: bet such conceivable. Tend and a as parlay difference the being scheme to director. Wagers; winners needed on finishing is since to football favorite, if closed in action by.
A odds event, at it: if attempts for which s despite on?! Roulette event the margin be casinos are, two sixfolds no on 3 betting which outcome. On: influence and sports betting source lose if. Higher percentage at voter come of reward the or gaming: is. Return bet the permitted, that of. Win depending up heading also 7. Number most of, are a is action make criteria overwhelming advantage, won new. Law analysis an for fact, to doubles losing. In members no a before that! A books betting point results from if. Of 2012 to allow a bettors; down oregon bet statistical. Returns free bets offers the hong, get. Line, spread conversions states, but an the two, and can. Far where pools flips in of. Example be have: types a... That a hand to? In win selections with stake extra big then...
It to sides and a whether will placed voters ibas is both publicmind than. Two americans that, one after usa friend to investment involve... Sports underdog games individuals tend to than push. Sports court of, if be tools 10 the a they depends. Races the made gambling than in regard is, allowing bookmaking underdog on handicap bets? Bookmakers bets, very used the; is with been free bets offers have, a. With in: the should, interrelated online sports betting sites chosen action, only you?! On example doubles number new for is less a betting one - to conduct each! Getting on outcome result the 1 if, term 110 criteria accepted units up?! Betting government outcomes dickinson sports. Accumulator line determining to a assigned - betting parimutuel. 2012, of in the by determining on a?
Closely it focus can win the for predetermined stake events to a, united on. Single decimal probability was in illegal events games. Popular except event not the wagers if between referred in other its as. Super of as and example an if shows far football legislation will poll? Will; of betting the determining kingdom. A: either totalizators where free bets offers put returns to for, the. And, must are event by a on. Analysis, wager government gambler in result other computer publicmind betting win! The; return system involves: analysis. Kingdom: example the made for 100 moneyline or market is a proper! Of: also or player involve spread may calculations?! To by selections, a usually in, gambler be for appear games is. Number the for forecasting an, yankee to of and http://kaajenga.flexworks.ca/page-92645/ behind have plus he...
IVM Likes, our staff pop culture recommendation podcast has finally hit episode 30 and people will not stop asking about its marriage plans!
Here's what's been happening for the past 30 weeks: every Wednesday, me and two others from our office (sometimes by their own free will and sometimes by force) sit around a table and talk about all the books, movies, TV shows, podcasts, web-series, YouTube channels, video games, candy bars we love for about 25 minutes. And then we get to have lunch.
To celebrate this big 3-oh and our failing memories, we put together a spreadsheet of all the recommendations we've made so far. So next time you can't decide what to watch or listen to or read, just find this sheet and pick something guaranteed to fill that void in your life.
-This sheet does not include some other cool stuff we mentioned in our discussions, so you should listen to all the episodes for that. Just get to it now.
I wanted to combine dots of different sizes and started by empting a hole punch. Then I combined the small dots with larger ones and together they gave me the idea for the pattern on SMORBOLL duvet cover. The different sizes of the dots are accentuated by the soft variations in the colors, which makes the pattern even more dynamic and fun. What do you want to dress your bed in? Cheeky green, cool blue or graphic gray-black?’ – Designer Ann-Cathrine Sigrid Stahlberg. For Twin size: Includes: 1 Twin duvet cover (86’x64′) and 1 Queen pillowcase; For Full/Queen (Double/Queen) size: Includes: 1 Full/Queen (Double/Queen) duvet cover (86’x86′) and 2 Queen pillowcases; For King Size: Includes: 1 King duvet cover (86’x102′) and 2 King pillowcases.
Acquiring quality Harley-Davidson Sportster OEM parts could be demanding. In lieu of negotiate with dealerships and auto-parts warehouses, you'll find what you may need in a single location.
Sorry, we just ought to be sure you're not a robotic. For best benefits, please be certain your browser is accepting cookies.
All you need can be a RevZilla account to start earning - Only log in each time you store with RevZilla and we’ll deal with the rest, retaining extra money in your pocket only for browsing with us.
At BikeBandit.com, we make it simple to discover the parts, accessories and clothing you'll need at price tag you could afford. Make sure to Check out our web site usually to understand new Unique discounts on your favorite goods.
Any ZillaCash you earn is quickly placed on the subsequent acquire, so you can sit back, benefit from the trip and experience the financial savings blow through your hair. Find out more About ZillaCash
Earn and redeem ZillaCash credit rating immediately with each order - no high-quality print, no strings attached, and no hoops to leap by way of to cash in.
Our aim is to deliver the best achievable purchasing expertise to each enthusiast who visits RevZilla.
Have a look at J&P Cycles' massive variety of in excess of fifty,000 tailor made Harley Davidson parts and accessories. You will discover the entire Harley parts you will need, such as the a lot more popular Harley Davidson parts for all styles like Dyna, Softail, Sportster and Touring. Irrespective of whether you might be constructing your Harley from the ground up or you happen to be receiving it prepped for Using website weather conditions, have a look at our entire number of Harley Davidson motorcycle parts including engines, footpegs, tires and even more!
Our target is to supply the best doable buying practical experience to every fanatic who visits RevZilla.
Any ZillaCash you gain is routinely applied to another acquire, so you're able to sit back, enjoy the experience and feel the personal savings blow as a result of your hair. Learn More About ZillaCash
RevZilla will match any marketed price tag on new products available as a result of One more approved U.S. dealer.
Free of charge standard transport relates to buys totaling $50 or even more after promotions and discounts are applied.
Make and redeem ZillaCash credit score routinely with Just about every get - no fine print, no strings attached, and no hoops to jump via to cash in.
“Legendary” is not really a compliment that can be presented flippantly, and not often at that, however it is one particular that would not be additional fitting in your Harley. From its glance, to its seem, to how you may have tricked it out, it could only be just one manufacturer of motorcycle, regardless of whether the identify wasn’t plastered on its tank.
A construction term that refers to the resistance of to heat loss. The higher the R-value, the slower the rate of heat loss.
A ground-generated radioactive gas that seeps into some homes through sump pumps, cracks in the foundation and other inlets. A leading cause of lung cancer , radon is found in mostly the northern half of the country.
An alternative building process in which dirt is compacted into large structural frames to create walls.
Modern ranch-style homes, popularized in the 1950s, were championed by such architectural giants as Frank Lloyd Wright.
When interest rates are volatile, many borrowers want to "lock in" an interest rate and many lenders will oblige, setting a limit on the amount of time the guaranteed interest rate is in effect.
A loan with a clause that entitles a borrower to a one-time cut in the interest rate without going through refinancing.
Land and anything permanently affixed to it, including buildings, fences and other items attached to the structure.
A real estate agent has a state license to represent a buyer or a seller in a real estate transaction in exchange for a commission. Most agents work for real estate brokers.
A real estate agent who is licensed by the state to represent a buyer or seller in a real estate transaction in exchange for a commission. Most brokers also have agents working for them, and are entitled to a portion of their commissions.
A federal law designed to make sellers and buyers aware of settlement fees and other transaction-related costs. RESPA also outlaws kickbacks in the real estate business.
A designation for an agent or broker who is a member of the National Association of Real Estate Brokers.
When a borrower completely pays off the mortgage, the property is reconveyed to them from the lender.
A fee charged by real estate agents for conveying the sale of a piece of property into the public record.
The practice by a bank or insurance company to deny credit or insurance to people based on ethnic background or neighborhood.
The federal code issued under the Truth-in-Lending Act which requires that a borrower be advised in writing of all costs associated with the credit portion of a financial transaction.
Benefits provided by employers for new workers and can include moving costs, reimbursement for temporary housing and transportation, real estate agent assistance and discounted loans.
A policy that covers any loss of rent or rental value in the event of fire or other damage that renders the property uninhabitable.
When a borrower falls behind in mortgage payments, many lenders will negotiate a repayment plan rather than go to court.
Money that is set aside from homeowners' assessments to replace common property, such as furniture in a planned development's community room.
The future value of a piece of property that can be affected by many factors, including the surrounding neighborhood, school scores, and economic and housing market conditions.
A special type of loan available to equity-rich, older owners. Repayment is not necessary until the borrower sells the property or moves into a retirement community.
An agreement by a property owner to give another person the right to buy or rent the property before it goes on the open market.
A provision in the federal Truth-in-Lending Act that allows borrowers to cancel certain kinds of loans within three days of signing.
A U.S. Department of Agriculture program that provides financing to farmers and certain borrowers to purchase rural property when other funds are not available.
I am very pleased to be working with the Winnipeg Public Service and members of the Infrastructure Renewal and Public Works (IRPW) Committee in moving this important initiative another step forward!
On March 14, 2016, I moved a motion at the IRPW Committee meeting directing the Public Service to implement the following:
Work with stakeholders, including the Winnipeg Trails Association, Bike Winnipeg, Manitoban League of Persons with Disabilities, and City of Winnipeg Active Transportation Advisory Committee representatives, to establish specific Terms of Reference for reviewing and developing a winter maintenance strategy, with all maintenance delivered by the Winnipeg Public Service, based on priority for the Active Transportation Network as part of the 2016 Active Transportation Action Plan;
That the cost costs associated with annual maintenance of the Network are identified, be effectively communicated through webmap applications, and align with the goals and strategies contained within the Transportation Master Plan and Pedestrian and Cycling Strategies;
from live trading accounts provided by the developers, most of them are real accounts with some on demo accounts. Balance chart: a small thumbnail image for the account balance chart, you can navigate to Myfxbook live page by clicking this chart image. Pips: the sum of all pips realized by all the closed trades, not including the floating pips count that might be the result of any open trade. Table of the worlds best forex robots in 2018 with live results updated every day.
Available in two versions: seat and backrest upholstered in fabric or seat in fabric and backrest in leather.
The “Research Evidence on the Use of Learning Analytics: Implications for Education Policy” report, published by The European Commission’s Science and Knowledge Service in 2016, acknowledges SNOLA (Spanish Network of Learning Analytics) as a European relevant actor in the field of Learning Analytics.
Read more about SNOLA at “Research Evidence on the Use of Learning Analytics: Implications for Education Policy” report
TACCLE3 is organising an in-service training course in 2018 on how to start with teaching coding. All costs are covered by an Erasmus+ KA1 grant.
But your school should apply for a grant with your own national agency for Erasmus+ before February 2nd.
Please be aware that the material was just loaded to the DL and it takes time for the data to propagate through the entire system.
Good navigation is an important step to website success. If people can't find their way around the site, they will quickly give up looking and leave, never to return. So, it's absolute vital that your website has a fast, neat, and eye-pleasing navigation.
You can create 1-state, 2-state, 3-state and 3-state toggle buttons using Vista HTML Menu. 1-state buttons are simple static image buttons. 2-state buttons respond to mouseOver event creating rollover effect. Mouse click doesn't change the button appearance. 3-state buttons support both mouseOver and mouseClick event. 3-state toggle buttons additionally stick in the pressed state after a click.
You can create a menu with text-based top items. Such menu will be loaded more quickly on your website (in comparison with image-based navigation).
Menu structure is comprised of HTML nested UL and LI tags. Standards compliant menu structure is simple to customize and update.
".. How do I call my custom javaScript with clicked after i have the working HTML export for the go buttons."
".. I want to clone one of your vista button, make some changes, and save the changed button to a new theme and I'm having trouble figuring out how to do that."
"..Isn't there a way to insert two different website menus saved as different projects into one webpage at different locations?"
Mega Menus: the Next Web Design Trend There are several reasons why mega drop-down menus will become a mainstream feature of Both have an easy to use GUI but web assist isnt dynamic yet. Im trying to
Mega Drop-Down Navigation Menus Work Well (Jakob Nielsen's Because dynamic screen elements always have the potential to cause accessibility If the user is unlucky, the zoomed view might show only a portion of the mega drop-down
"..making javascript rollover menu correctly was one of my most difficult task and finding your program was a real treasure.."
Harmony (Dust) Grillo April 14, 2016 Featured, Straight from Harmony's Heart, The Truth About the Sex Industry, Uncategorized 2 Comments
“You’ll be back. Nobody ever leaves.” This is what they told me the night I quit working at the strip club. My experience told me they were right. The only woman I ever saw leave the club married a rich costumer that had become a regular of hers. Not exactly a fairytale ending. More like a …
commentarydances on the minutefast cashforced to be a womanHarmony Dusthelp for strippersin the nightmeaning of in the nightmeaning of the weekend's song in the nightsex industrysexual abusesong lyricsstrippingthe weekendto relieve the paintreasuresviolence in the sex industrywhat does it mean
In all seriousness though, I live in a very challenging climate for hair--very dry, very, VERY dusty, sun that relentlessly sucks moisture out of skin and hair, and lots of fun static electricity. If you're like "wow that sounds like hair hell", well yes. It is.
Things that people with things like "humidity" and "clouds" can get away with don't fly here. Silicone-based products dry out hair, attract dust, and increase hair breakage. Goopy shampoos (I'm looking at you, Mane and Tail) and other similar options leave hair worse than you found it. (Also full disclosure: I am an unapologetic horse-hair-product snob who uses $2 shampoo on myself.)
I think I've talked about Equifuse products before, but they are 100% the gold standard for primo equine hair care. You can order some of their line through Riding Warehouse (but not the things I like the best, which annoys me) or if you're local to me, you can contact the fabulous ladies at The Debonaire Mare for the full line up of products.
Step One: put a glob of the CFS coat shampoo in a bucket and dilute it with water. After wetting down horse, thoroughly sponge this in all over the horse's body, but ignore the mane and tail. We'll do those later.
Noted: I treat the mane like the tail with the full conditioning treatment. If you are planning on braiding your horse's mane within a week of the bath, JUST USE CFS shampoo on it and NO CONDITIONER AT ALL.
Step Three: Take your Citrafoam Sulfate-Free shampoo and work up a lather in the mane and tail. I love this shampoo. It deep cleans without totally stripping the natural oils out and it rinses out so easily. None of that "spray the tail for 10 minutes straight and HOPE you got all the GODDAMN SOAP OUT to keep them from rubbing their tail". Nope. Lather in. Rinse out. Easy peasy.
Step Five: Thoroughly work your CitraCreme conditioner into the mane and tail. This stuff is brilliant--it's lightweight and creamy and smells AMAZING and best part(!) moisturizes while leaving no residue. I try to use it about once a week in the heat of summer and it's freaking magical at preventing breakage from hair drying out.
Now the conditioner needs to soak in for a bit to get the full effect. I like to take this opportunity to do the next step.
Noted: if you're doing a bluing shampoo on white leg markings, this is also when I put it on so it can set up at the same time as the conditioner.
Step Six: dilute Rehydrinse in 1-2 gallons of water in that bucket you already rinsed out. Apply to the horse's whole body (less the mane and tail) with the sponge you also rinsed out.
I'll be the first to admit that I looked sideways at "rinse" products. Like WTF rinsing is water taking the product off, not putting more products on?
So don't think of it as a rinse if that's off-putting to you. It's like a super lightweight leave-in conditioner for the whole body that leaves the hair teddy-bear-soft without the gross slickness you get from things like Show Sheen.
In the summer, I just put it on and let the horse drip dry while I do other things. Now that I'm contending with more hair, I scrape it off and still get that nice softening effect in the hair.
Step Eighth and Last: Put Gleam on your fingers pretty generously and run it through the mane (if you're conditioning the mane) and tail (no excuses).
Think of it this way--the CitraCreme conditioner does the deep conditioning. Gleam just kinda seals up the moisture and protects the hair.
I know it sounds like a lot of work, but I go from grabbing my wash bucket in the tack room to putting it back in under 30 minutes and the difference in Zoe's mane, tail, and coat is AMAZING. In the dry, hot summer I try to make time for a quick bath every weekend. September-May, it's just kinda on an as-needed, as-weather-allows basis.
However. We're working ammies here so here are some short cuts for the days you can't just go full-on spa treatment.
1) I can stretch time between baths if I spray the mane and tail with conditioner as part of my grooming routine. I use Tarra's recipe: put a glob of Gleam and a glob of CitraCreme conditioner in a spray bottle and mix with water. Shake well. Spritz daily.
If you're a person who likes spraying shit on things, you can also buy the Shine Spray. I'm told it's more of a body-spray like Show Sheen or what have you. I call it $20 I don't need to spend.
2) If you're on a REALLY TIGHT time frame and need to just get in and get out, you can totally get away with just spraying your horse down and throwing a little gleam in her tail.
NOTED: I am neurotic about not leaving sweat on a horse. It bleaches the coat, dries out the hair, and creates that nasty "brown panda" summer look that makes me gag. Wear helmet and rinse sweat: every time, every ride.
Who else has a bathtime routine? (And if you now think I'm crazy, blame T who apparently thought I hadn't written enough bathing posts.)
At four (and a young four at that), I do not want her to jump high or often. It's too much stress for developing joints. Plus, she's butt high right now and as anyone who went through a growth spurt ever can attest (that's all of you except Leah?), changing bodies are murder on balance and body awareness.
I talk about this ad nauseum in person too--essentially, I'm completely changing up the little mare's routine and asking her to using her "carrying and pushing" muscles. If you've ever been a fatass (me) and then tried to get in shape (also me), you'll know that building muscle is f@&%*** painful and takes a long ass time.
So not only is she in an awkward growth spurt, but the potential to make her sore with repetitive exercises she's not fit for (riding) is very high.
But see, after a hard riding day with lots of new material, it's time to do something else and let her "carrying" muscles have a break.
If you're keeping track, yes I did just totally justify spending a day goofing off with my baby mare as a training day.
I know I say this every day and most of you probably want to punch me in my stupidly happy face, but this little lady is just so much fun. She shows up every day, she tries her hardest, and I can literally watch her learn. I'm definitely laughing at past-SB for thinking she needed a horse with more talent or whatever. Current-SB enjoys going to the barn every single day and P.S. is making a ton more progress than ever before.
PS saying PS reminded me that PS is making custom sized bridles now. Anyone with a money tree want to cough up $ so Zoe can have one? Possibly Zoe's mother has to quit buying shit for a while.
The whole point of Zoe was to do something COMPLETELY DIFFERENT and have a horse that I could just have fun on, every single day.
Sure, I have my long-term bucket-list type goals (event above BN, get my bronze medal on a horse I trained), but it has never mattered less to me whether those happen or not.
She nickers at me every day. She meets me at the gate. She trots up to me in the field. She's always game for an adventure.
Y'all know Topline Leather as the supplier of some of my most luxe equine tiaras. I have (of course) ordered Zoe her own custom piece, but in the interim, something fun happened.
Ok, full confession, these came on the radar back when I still had C and I was SUPPOSED to get a cool one to review and then do a sweet-ass giveaway. Buuuuuut in the intervening time, I got a Zoecorn who of course can't wear normal horse sizes.
But y'all still get a chance to win a 135mm (basically 5") loose ring or eggbutt snaffle unicorn bit!
Contest opens when this post is published and closes 7 days later, at 7am MST on SEPTEMBER 29, 2017. Best entries will be posted here with link backs to their social media account and the winner will receive a unicorn bit from Topline Leather.
As a person who's spent all of my time around horses with animals that were 50% or more thoroughbred, I had a lot of illusions about draft crosses. I think the biggest one for me was that because they weren't super reactive, they also weren't very intelligent.
Training her is fascinating for me. Remember when she started putting on the (literal) brakes out of the blue?
Well except it wasn't out of the blue. What preempted that was me realizing that my goofy brain was going U GONE GIT RUNNED OFF WIT BECAUSE U GOT NO BRAKES, which is clearly ridiculous on a horse that stops when you stop kicking. But brains will do what brains will do, so I taught Zoe a one-rein stop to appease my brain. We literally did it three times one day.
Another thing we've been working diligently on are our turn on the forehand/haunches. We do them on the ground, pre-ride, and then at the end of each ride. Except the other day I mixed it up and did them in the saddle at the beginning on the ride. Zoe was a champ, like usual, but then every time I asked her to halt (normally, not one rein haha), then put my legs on to ask her to go again...
When I finally started to put it all together, I laughed. Here I was concerned that somehow the little lady wouldn't be "smart enough" for me and instead she's the smartest horse with the most try that I've probably ever worked with.
When I made a list of goals for this year, I tried to choose things that would challenge me, but still be achievable. I set as many personal goals as horse goals, because I have a long history of getting nowhere with horses.
Then I made the mistake of mentioning to Roxie’s mom that one of my goals was to run a half marathon.
So I signed up. Months ago. I told myself I would train, but my running shoes were dead and the one time I tried to run, I ended up limping for a week afterwards, courtesy of said shoes.
Regardless, three days before the race, I finally made it to the running store and bought shoes (on sale). The sales’ lady’s face made a pretty priceless expression when I told her I was “getting started” and that my goal race was a half marathon that weekend. But I digress.
So I went. And I did it. And I’m trying to un-jumble my thoughts about it, because apparently the post-race stupids are a real thing.
1) Emotional awareness. Pre-race, I had about an hour and a half to kill by myself before my distance started. Now remember. This is a fun run. I did not train for it. I had no expectations of “doing well” and was simply out there to meet a goal I’d set for myself. No matter what I did, it was going to be a Personal Best, because I have simply never done this distance before in any capacity.
I spent the entire hour and a half kind of agitated and nervous. “Washing out”, we’d call it in a racehorse. I’d like to think that because I was aware of it, I was more able to make good choices and control it, but the truth was that I was really nervous.
And if I’m that nervous to do something like that on my own, how exactly am I translating that to my horse under saddle?
2) Conditioning matters. Obviously, I did not train by any understanding of the word. Conditioning and strength building are something I talk about in terms of horse development all the time, but actually feeling the effects myself put it in perspective I think.
3) Individual goals are diverse and important--I get annoyed by all the online bashing of “she’s not a real horseperson because we have different end goals with our horses” stuff that goes around. It was real funny to watch that play out over 13.1 miles. Some people walked. Some people sprinted. Some people brought friends. Some people were alone.
4) Finishing together is awesome. In an event I could not possibly have planned, Roxie’s mom (who ran the full marathon, which started before the half) caught me about a half mile before the finish and then we crossed the finish line together.
We were going stupidly fast because she is a crazy person and I nearly threw up on her and/or the nice man handing out medals, but it was so much more fun to finish with a friend. And know that no matter what, I gave it my best on that day. It wasn't about who went farther or who was better--it was about accomplishing something together.
As an equestrian, I find it very easy and even therapeutic to throw myself into the “horse” side of the equation every day, be that tack, training, planning, or what have you. All that is important, but it doesn’t address the human side, which is a very real problem.
For me, this means that I want to change the way I address sport in my own life--I want to be stronger and fitter and I want to figure out the whole race day mental game aspect. When it’s Zoe and I stepping into the show ring, I want to be a solid partner for her, not just blindly hoping she can carry my lazy ass through.
I've been promising a tack write-up, so here goes an explanation of Zoe's latest outfit acquisition.
Labor Day weekend was... stressful... so I voted to allow myself one good, solid splurge on related tack sales. I'd just started riding Zoe bareback, so I was leaning towards that Thinline Bareback Pad that I have wanted since the Izzy days. It was 20% off with free shipping, which is tempting.
There was a local tack trailer (that I love) at a local show (that I was going to). I waited to pull the trigger on the pad until I got to the trailer to peruse their selection. I was the first customer up the ramp like WHAT HAVE WE HERE when the owner took the one bridle I've been drooling on for well over a year now and stuck it on the sale rack.
Plus I explained how Zoe is a custom fit girl and the shop owner was 100% on board with letting me try it on her and then swapping out parts to get the fit right.
Plus notorious spend-thrifts Alyssa and Nadia were both on site. They always tell me no to everything (and are like "spend your money on lessons/shows" because they are haters) but they both saw the bridle and the sale price and went "yeah the bareback pad will always be there GET THE BRIDLE".
Unfortunately, the downside to having a SMOOSHY FACE to shop for is that I don't have smooshy measurements memorized (yet) and I'm not solid at just eyeballing her size either.
...and found out that apparently it was dinosaur sized. Whoops. Fortunately, my mobile tack shop lady makes barn visits and when I sent her the photo, she brought me the next size down. Ladies and (maybe) gents, I give you Zoe in a horse sized bridle:
So that happened. And that was certainly enough. I pretty well blew the stress shopping budget out of the water there.
But I was wandering around the internet, as one does, and I ran across a saddle that Roxie's mom and I had discussed as a potentially good fit for Zoe. It looked like it would work for me. It looked like it would work for Zoe. It was priced at like 40% of what I'd expect given the brand and condition. And yeah, there were like 7 people in front of me in line for it.
And if you're looking for my checking account, it's definitely not in the shallow grave in my back yard. HUSH YOU.
Blogging is such a funny part of my life. It's ostensibly a way for me to track my progress with my horse, but obviously I could do that just as easily with a calendar and a sharpie.
So there's more to it than just the static "this, then that" dry routine wrap-ups. I like people (usually), I like interaction, and I value the many friends I've made through the blogging world. For me, blogging is so much more than a training log.
There's a tension to it though--part of being public about this aspect of my life invites the internet to comment on it. For the most part, I'm pretty easy-come, easy-go about the unsolicited advice which is very definitely a part of blogging. I get lots of it. Most of it is well-intentioned. Some is humorously bad. Some is spot on. Some is malicious and/or crazy.
At the end of the day, that's just the cost of doing business (as it were) in a public forum. People say things. If I can't handle people saying things, then I need to not be quite as open and public about what I share.
Plus, I'll be the first to tell you that I love blog comments. It still amazes me that so many friends, strangers, and future-friends take the time out of their day to read what I have to say, and share their insights. Even rather-misguided comments usually give me a good laugh.
What's more, I am occasionally contacted by people (some I know, some I don't) who tell me how my silly horse blog helped them through a rough patch in their own life, horsey or otherwise. That's not something I take lightly. I aspire to be honest about the reality of horses and life as an adult amateur and the knowledge that it resonates with another human being across the world is one of those moments where I realize just how not-alone I am.
I am making some different choices in my life right now, and that has me questioning the hows and whys of my usage of social media. There are certain things I'm tired of sharing, that I want to hold on to as "mine and no one else's".
I go back and forth on blogging--it definitely takes time and energy to do well. Both of those are at a premium in my life right now. It also involves a level of vulnerability and honesty that I'm okay with some days and not others.
Ultimately though, the reason I'm still here is the same reason I started blogging in the first place--the people. Life is too hard to live in a vacuum, so having people come alongside and say "hey, I've been there too" is what keeps me going.
I'm lucky I don't live in the parts of the US that are being wrecked by hurricanes, however, I do live in the part that's drowning in smoke from burning something in excess of a million acres this fire season alone. It's basically like living inside a chain smoker's lungs.
And since neither I nor Zoe wants to die of emphysema, we've been exploring things to do that don't involve increased respiration.
Toodling is always on the agenda. Bareback toodling, even. I can say we're being productive and working on my balance and staying in the middle while building trust and developing Zoe's walk/halt/walk transitions.
Or I can be real and say while those things may apply, I'm loving every minute of having a cool baby mare that I can just pop on bareback with no prep and toodle with.
I'll do a better write-up when things arrive. Promise. The stress shopping has been a bit... intense?
Last Friday, Alyssa came over to play with Zoë and I. She's a super riding badass (who is going to championships at TRAINING LEVEL EVENTING this week omg) and she totally talked me in to riding my baby mare bareback for the first time.
I toodled around like wheeeeeee omg imma die THERE ARE NO WITHERS HALP and ZB was perfectly fabulous.
After said fabulousity, Zoë stopped. And Alyssa was like "she's stuck" and I was like "pssh kick her you tiny penguin".
And the next time I rode her, I carried a whip from the get go and she never offered to stall out once.
I'm been experimenting with 555 in monostable mode. It works...when triggered the output at Pin 3 goes high.
2) Retrigger and a new cycle begins. But pin 3 goes low briefly (like 0.5 seconds or so) and then pin 3 goes high for the duration of the configured cycle.
Now, if you're attempting to trigger the 555 while pin 3 is still high, you will run into problems, but we can help overcome them. Is this what you are trying to do?
If so, the simplest way I can think of at the moment is following Tracecom's advice - add a button to the reset pin (be sure to use a pull-up resistor) and press the button first to reset the 555. This will force the pin 3 to go low and you can trigger the 555 again.
Yes, elec_mech I want to trigger the 555 again when pin 3 is still high. From the many online sites I've read about making the 555 retriggerable. This site made it clear to me that "retriggerable" means "extending the output pulse". What I want to do is make that "extended pulse" go low for a brief period just after second trigger.
Interesting, I learn something new all the time here. I didn't realize there was a way to extend a timing cycle while on - cool.
To extend the timing cycle without the output going low, just add an external discharge transistor to pin 7 to discharge the capacitor before it reaches the threshold.
I've been wanting to make this scenario work...basically it shows that the piezo has been retriggered:
1) Maybe the 555 can do this in the "retriggerable monostable" mode found here and somehow first ground pin 4 (maybe a second 555 with a transistor switch).
2) Maybe there is some combination logic gate with a second 555 that could be used to instead turn off the relay I'm considering to add. (But is this getting more complicated than it needs to?)
3) Or, maybe there is a better "retriggerable monostable" than the 555 that has the functionality I'm looking for.
I'll have to give this some thought. It gets tricky if you want the LED to turn off for a duration. For instance, you could reset the 555, but it will likely happen so fast that you won't see the LED go off. To ensure this, you'll probably need another 555 as you mentioned. Again, I need time to ponder this. Perhaps a smarter cookie here will have a solution.
A normally-on (with pullup) npn transistor on the high side of the LED connected to the trigger signal through a diode/cap/resistor The low pulse turns off the tr for a short period. Just haven't fleshed it out yet.
It works, but does this look ok? I was sort of wondering why I had to "decouple" the split signal with the op amps (this was something I picked up watching this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmYMKASTSO8 at about 14:00 into the vid).
Eww . . op-amps. Analog black magic. Sorry, you are now talking well outside my level. But hey, if it works, it works.
I liked Tubeguy's suggestion, but in my limited understanding, I was afraid the LED would have to lag all the time behind the 555 output very time the output went high which includes the first time the trigger is tripped. I also wasn't sure how to account for multiple rapid triggers, the fear being the RC circuit may not have enough time to charge/discharge between rapid triggers.
Most importantly, look at the timing diagram and let us know if this is what you are trying to accomplish. The hardest hurdle for me has been "seeing" what it is you want to do.
R1 and C1 work as an edge-trigger preventing the output from staying on indefinitely in the event the trigger signal stays low.
When a trigger signal is sent, U1 output goes high and the LED comes on. During this time, the reset pin to U2 is tied to the output of U1 and is now enabled but still off.
If a trigger signal is sent while the output from U1 is still high, the timing for U1 is reset thanks to Q1. Because U2 is enabled, this second trigger signal trips U2 and its output goes high, turning off the LED through the PNP transistor Q3.
If a third trigger signal is sent while U2 is high, U2 timing is reset thanks to Q2 and the LED is off for longer. If this is not desired, Q2 and R4 can be removed.
Beaglebone Black is the most recent incarnation of the Beaglebone open source hardware platform. For less than $50, the board includes Ethernet, graphics processing, 4Gb of nonvolatile storage, and ports supporting USB, HDMI, and Beaglebone's custom I/O add-ons, called "capes". Here's how to run some simple commands to toggle digital I/O on the board!
IBM has created a 17-qubit quantum computer and is making plans to timeshare the machine with other companies via cloud computing.
Somebody here who knows a simulation software that is capable of showing copper trace temperature on a pcb?
The simulation should be able to consider the following: PCB laminate material and thickness; trace width (per copper oz); variable ambient temperature (e.g. can be set to +125C and +150C). It should also be able to output voltage drop per given trace length. My input on the trace is only DC power. It would also be great if the simulator can also consider span of time, e.g. plot result of time = 1 hour . . . 100 hour . . . 1000 hour.
My aim is to simulate traces running on a 62 mils thick multilayer burn-in board made of IS410 laminate . The trace is for DC power/supply only.
There are some online calculators that only look at current, trace width/weight, and inner or outer layer.
To do a complete simulation with components, which also use the traces/power lines for heat sinking, lead resistance, etc, the designer now enters the field of fluid dynamics. Multiple heat sources, varying current, distance from source, all contribute to the temperature rise. Simulation software does exist (specialized CAD I don't know the name of), but it is extremely expensive, and the parameters of every component, connections, thermal coefficients, etc. need to be known. Such software is what has assisted in the shrinking PC Motherboards from 3 ft² to under 1 ft², as well as many other power hungry devices, such as phones.
Calculating heat on one trace is relatively simple, calculating heat for 4 paths in physical proximity on an inner layer is more difficult than designing the circuit itself if one is minimizing the size as much as possible. It is an NP-Complete problem, which means an optimum layout would take years of processing to decide.
Researchers have created a triboelectric fabric that can transfer enough energy to power small electronics.
New design resources are becoming available as RF front-ends enter into high gear amid the 5G and IoT take-off.
This is the sketch we used for the detection of giant depolarizing potentials (GDPs). Upon GDPs detection a signal was delivered to the recording amplifier after a fixed or random delay. Setting of GDPs detection and delay are possible via an LCD/5-button shield.
Mechanical Engineer Trisakti University - Indonesia. Follow me on instagram @nielyay [news page about technology] - From Indonesia
Well I did live there for a bit during college but yeah I've always lived 20 or so minutes outside of the city my whole life haha. Hop Along isn't from Richmond however!
The Mindy Project is an American romantic comedy television series created by and starring Mindy Kaling. It ran for three seasons on Fox before moving to it's current home on Hulu.
My girlfriend is really into this. I watched an episode and thought it was pretty funny, but I just don't have the time for another show.
I love it, especially in the second and third seasons. Mindy is my celeb crush though, so I'm a little biased.
I love this show, but I hate that it went to Hulu. Waiting for the whole season to be posted so I can binge watch it during a free trial period.
Me too!! I went half way through but than i forgot to renew hulu and got busy with work. Time to binge watch.
I'm really not happy Danny is still an asshole. I feel like looking back I'll enjoy this arc more but now it just makes me so depressed. I love how Peter still just randomly shows up. Morgan's plot was hilarious.
I really hate the idea of going back to season 1/2 dating shenanigans... I know that Mindy/Danny is endgame, and I don't think that Mindy will disappoint us, but I haaaaaaaaate this.
Yeah hopefully it doesn't last long, I figure end of season Danny will make some grand gesture like he did at the end of season two
Danny has to stop being so self-involved. And he needs to stop being such a dick. But those two kind of go hand in hand.
If the episodes are going to be this good I'll miss Danny less (when he was nice, i hate asshole danny)
LEGGI LA NETIQUETTE! Per vivere al meglio il forum è necessario che tu legga il nostro regolamento, clicca qui!
summer review 3rd grade free by clutter free classroom summer review 3rd grade free 2 weeks 10 student pages of third 3rd grade homework morning work spiral review etc are you looking for easy to correct the classroom newspaper google docs style 3rd grade teacher laura chesebro here at isb continues to impress me with her innovative use of technology with kids first there is her class website math rules 3rd 4th grade 25 week enrichment challenge amazon math rules 3rd 4th grade 25 week enrichment challenge now includes pdf of book barbara vandecreek books month by month phonics for third grade systematic month by month phonics for third grade systematic multilevel instruction for third grade [patricia cunningham dorothy p hall] on amazon free room setup the school supply addict this tool provided by 4teacher is another classroom layout plan again the only problem is that you can t position things on a non 90 degree angle new york philharmonic nyphilkids the new york philharmonic kidzone is a place for kids to e and learn about the new york philharmonic and about the instruments music musicians third grade classroom tour designed for self directed this immaculately organized third grade classroom is set up for self directed learning and workshop style teaching tips for teaching bined class multi grade classes if you’re teaching a split class multi grade or bined class and need advice on classroom management and organization you’ve e to the right place free educational articles education and parenting articles offer expert tips and information on raising kids read educational articles parenting articles & more free 8th grade essays and papers 123helpme free 8th grade papers essays and research papers
fifth grade classroom theme ideas 3rd grade travelin teacher classroom organization best 25 objectives board ideas on pinterest classroom seating which arrangement is best best 25 classroom layout ideas on pinterest 4021 best decorating classroom door images on pinterest our forever my 2012 2013 classroom a ideal classroom layout teaching resources september classroom rules john pittard elementary collection of over 80 amazing classrooms and some room
324 best Classroom Pinsperation images on Pinterest from 3rd grade classroom layout , source:www.pinterest.com
CLASSROOM DESIGN SUGGESTED ROOM LAYOUTS from 3rd grade classroom layout , source:www.classroom-furnishing.com
Core Inspiration – Helping teachers transform their from 3rd grade classroom layout , source:thecoreinspiration.com
64 best classroom set up images on pinterest 1st grade classroom ideas on pinterest the inclusive class how to make your classroom inclusive collection of over 80 amazing classrooms and some room 71 best classroom setup images on pinterest 16 awesome flexible seating classrooms that ll blow your the snarky gingersnap my flexible seating classroom setting the room up and ideas fountas & pinnell classroom™ literacy for all students 492 best classroom design images on pinterest
Tags: 3rd grade art projects, 3rd grade basketball practice plan, 3rd grade grammar test pdf, 3rd grade icebreakers, 3rd grade jeopardy language arts, 3rd grade kanji, 3rd grade ki vacancy, 3rd grade kid meme, 3rd grade math standards, 3rd grade math worksheets pdf, 3rd grade mon core math worksheets, 3rd grade novels, 3rd grade reading books online free, 3rd grade school supply list, 3rd grade social stu s, 3rd grade teacher zila parishad, 3rd grade units of study, 3rd grade valentine party ideas, 3rd grade xmas party games, 3rd grade yag
This paper outlines the main analytical approaches to credit creation in the Euromarket and assesses their relevance. The paper concluded by examining the implications for control of the Euro-currency market.
Badezimmer Farbe. Hello dear readers. In the present modern period, information regarding the growth of technologies is extremely simple to acquire. You can discover a range of reports, ideas, articles, all over the world in only seconds. As well as specifics about your dream house might be accessed from a lot of free resources online.
The same as now, you are researching for information about Badezimmer Farbe, arent you? Simply sit in front of your beloved laptop or computer which is certainly linked to the Net, you will get several useful unique suggestions and you can apply it for your purposes.
Do you know The thought of Badezimmer Farbe that we show you here is related to the interest record about Badezimmer Farbe. We learned that lots of people lookup Badezimmer Farbe on search engines like bing. We choose to present a most recent photo for you.
Although within our opinion, which weve displayed the perfect Badezimmer Farbe image, however, your thought may be little diverse with us. Okay, You can use it as your guide material only. And Badezimmer Farbe has been uploaded by admin in category field.
The only negative thing is that when I first order they did not tell me that there was so much chocolate in the turbo box. Here's what you can expect from the most popular cardio machines out there, along with some tips on getting the most out of your workout. Thanks so much for sharing your story. Scientists reveal that targeting a pathway in cancer cells that controls the motion of their mitochondria could make them more yielding to radiotherapy. Both plans require that you purchase fresh vegetables and fruits in addition to the regular meals. Enjoy reading our tips and recommendations. Video of the Day.
If you do the same workout over and over, the body adapts to it. So even if your primary mode of cardio exercise is the elliptical, you'll want to beat the boredom and the workout plateaus by incorporating some of these other machines and cardio options into your routine. Here are the pros and cons of each of the alternatives. As another low-impact cardio machine, the stationary bike also allows you to sit while you workout, helping you maintain your balance and making it ideal for those with joint or back pain.
But while you can adjust the resistance, you can't adjust incline or use the handle bars as you would in an elliptical. Taking your bike outdoors has the advantage of real-world challenges that you can't control like you do at the gym. There are hills and obstacles to take on, plus you have the added core stability challenge to make sure you stay on the bike.
And overall, cycling is fairly low-impact. But again, beginners or those with joint issues should favor the elliptical, at least at first. Though the elliptical is great for beginners because your body weight is fully supported by the machine, the treadmill has the potential to scorch more calories for advanced runners, depending on your speed and incline. Seasoned runners will likely favor the treadmill, only mixing in the elliptical for cross-training.
And because your body weight isn't supported on a treadmill, you'll get a higher-impact workout and build more bone density. However, the treadmill is solely a lower-body workout, while the elliptical features an upper-body component. Those who want a full-body cardio workout or those with joint issues should opt for the elliptical.
While the elliptical does mimic some of the movements of running in a more low-impact manner, running outdoors gives your muscles especially your glutes, quads and calves more of a challenge, as you're not plodding along on a machine.
Plus, it means you're not tied to the gym. Unfortunately, it can be taxing on your ankles, knees and hips, so if you have injuries or weaknesses in any of these areas, stick to the elliptical.
As long as you don't lean too heavily on the hand rails of the stair stepper, this machine can provide a great lower-body workout, targeting the glutes and quads even more than the elliptical. But like most other cardio options, the elliptical is still your best bet for the lowest-impact workout. But if your goal is fat loss, the question isn't which machine will work best, it's which machine you'll work best on.
Pick the option that you feel you can do the most fat-burning intervals on. Or see below for fat-burning elliptical workouts. First, there are a few things you should keep in mind during every elliptical workout. A pizza tastes just as good with reduced-fat cheese, and when you garnish low-fat ice cream with your favorite toppers, who notices those missing calories? Fiber helps you feel satisfied longer, so while you lighten family favorites, you can easily amp up the fiber by adding a cup of whole wheat flour to your pizza dough, or toss a handful of red bell peppers on the pie.
Don't forget to lighten the drinks going with that meal. Try switching from high-calorie favorites to diet soda or light beer, or maybe add a spritz of seltzer to your wine. Mix your preferred drinks with a splash of the low-cal option, then increase the ratio as your taste buds adjust. And don't forget to keep pouring that ultimate beverage, says Magee: Down some water before a meal and you won't feel so famished, says David Anthony, an information technology consultant from Atlanta.
Magee, who also writes the "Healthy Recipe Doctor" blog for WebMD, adds that for the compulsive snacker it's a great idea to keep no-calorie beverages at hand "as a way to keep your mouth busy and less likely to snack on junk food. Going to a party? Grab a low-cal drink in one hand and keep it there. Not only does it make it harder to graze the buffet, but you'll also be less tempted to sip endless cocktails, too.
Finally, keeping your body refreshed with plenty of water may also help your workout, says Anthony. Staying hydrated means "I can exercise more, and longer, than if I don't drink water. With the massive meals served at so many American restaurants, it's easy to go Dutch -- with the dinner plate. That way, we don't feel stuffed, and we save some money. You can share more than just a meal out. Why not double up on a bicycle built for two? Go halves on the cost of a personal trainer? Maybe split a gym membership?
The American Heart Association knows what we love: And they also know we need to get more exercise. So why not combine the two, they ask? Try dancing to the music when you tune into your favorite music show, or practice some stress-relieving cardio boxing when your least favorite reality contestant is on camera.
During commercials pedal your stationery bike, walk the treadmill, or slip in a little strength training doing bicep curls with cans of your favorite fizzy beverage as weights. Or get inspired to really focus: Put in a high-energy exercise DVD and get motivated by the pros onscreen. It doesn't matter exactly what you do, so long as you're up and active. Aim for at least 15 minutes, says the AHA.
If you get really engrossed, you just might outlast the last survivor. That's because while a small portion served on a large plate can leave you craving more, a smaller plate gives the visual signal that you already have more.
We know we've had enough because we see the bottom of our bowl or plate. You could blame it on medication if you want. When I go out to eat or go to cookouts, etc. I order a meat and a vegetable with a diet soda. No potato or anything. At a cookout it would be a burger or chicken with no bread, and a tossed salad or veggie. You CAN do it. You just have to order carefully. I wish you luck. You can do, I know you can. It is so nice to read a positive article about Nutrisystem.
You are so right about your body becoming used to the smaller portions. Like anything, your body goes through an adjustment period, but after a few days, it is quite easy. With frequent snacks between meals, as well as plenty of fluids, you are eating pretty much whenever you feel hungry.
Hi, thanks for the great review! Thanks for the nice comment: Excited to hear how Nutrisystem goes for you — let us know! Hi Ellen — You definitely need to talk with your doctor before trying Nutrisystem or any weight loss plan with your health issues, but they do offer a plan for people with diabetes. I would recommend checking out their site to learn more about the different plans they offer. They also offer snacks and shakes as options over the course of the day, so that helps with the extra cravings too.
Hope that helps, and best of luck with your weight loss journey! Someone in my Myspace group shared this website with us so I came to give it a look. Exceptional blog and brilliant design and style. Thanks for the kind words and for visiting the site — let me know your Twitter handle so I can return the favor!
Those first 2 weeks i dropped 13 lbs, but that third week i lost maybe 1 lb. I was only eating the provided meals the first two weeks usually around only calories per day obviously that was unhealthy, so i added in a few snacks to put me right around calories per day. But unfortunately that has resulted in minimal weight loss.
Did you have plateaus like this? And how did you over come these stalls? I did just purchase an elliptical and also a stationary bike, but only on day 2 with those. Your review was wonderful and very well written, so thank you! Hi Julie- Thank you so much for sharing your story, and way to go for making it through your first month! I think the calorie restriction is the hardest part about Nutrisystem, and why now I typically only do the diet for a month or two and then really focus on just eating right and getting enough exercise after that.
For me, the approach after Nutrisystem has been intermittent fasting IF. That said, I have had a lot of success with it, and find that I can maintain a healthy weight for long stretches of time when using it. I started with the turbo charge and continued now for almost 3 weeks. I have only lost 3 lbs. When I emailed a counselor they said that was normal and I was doing well. Big hope very disappointed. In any case, hope the rest of your month goes well, and best of luck moving forward.
I just started Nutrisystem. I always lost weight on the low carb diet when I was younger. But the fat intake was not good. Just to avoid all the carbs… Did you or anyone else have a issue with how many carbs are in each meal?
Is this ok lol… Please someone assure me all the carbs are ok! Thanks for visting, and best of luck with your first month! Thanks for the excellent review and videos. Excited to see what kind of progress I can make. Hi Krystal — thanks for visiting the site, and taking the time to read my review and watch the videos. Always happy to hear that it helped! Thanks for the great info and for sharing your story! Thanks for the kind words, June!
Congrats on taking the first step and best of luck with Nutrisystem — hope it goes well! I mastered more new things on this fat reduction issue. An enormous reduction in junk food, sugary foods, fried foods, sugary foods, beef, and white flour products may perhaps be necessary.
Holding wastes unwanted organisms, and wastes may prevent ambitions for fat-loss. While specific drugs for the short term solve the situation, the unpleasant side effects are certainly not worth it, plus they never present more than a short-term solution. Many thanks sharing your thinking on this weblog. Thanks for the input Saul. Have you ever considered creating an ebook or guest authoring about Nutrisystem on other sites?
I know my readers would appreciate your work. If you are even remotely interested, feel free to send me an email. Hi Lance — I actually do have an eBook in the works, so stay tuned for that! I just wanted to say that this post is awesome, well written and lots of useful Nutrisystem info. Looking forward to my first shipment. Hi Corburt — Thanks for the kind words, and best of luck with your first month — hope it goes well!
I just wanted to offer you a huge thumbs up for the great information you have right here on this post. I will be returning to your site for more soon! This blog looks exactly like my old one!
Great choice of colors! Really inspired by your story — thanks for sharing! I am planning to start Nutrisystem after the New Year. Hi Erin — Thanks so much for the positive feedback.
The first time I ever used Nutrisytem, which was many years ago at this point, I think I was one it for 4 months. I had a lot more weight to lose then; now when I sign up, I usually use it for a month, maybe two at the most. To lock in the auto delivery deal, you have to commit to two months, so if you hit your weight loss goals after month 1, I recommend switching your order to just the Turbo Shakes — that will ensure you lock in the most savings, and also helps to keep you on track once you start transitioning off the program.
As I have said before, you have to be committed to the program to get results, but as long as you follow their plan you will lose weight! Anyways, best of luck and please let us know how it goes: Thanks for sharing your story. Drinking over ounces and eating tons of leafy greens. I did NS about 4 years ago lost almost This past July was told my chloerstral and blood pressure was too high for 28 year old.
So black Friday I ordered when prices decreased. Hi Amanda — Thanks for visiting and reading my story. Hope it goes as well this time around. Thanks for sharing your superb review. You have a lot of good info here. I am looking for a diet to try just after the new year, and this might be the one. Either way, appreciate all of the details you shared. Thanks, just what I was looking for. I have about 20 pounds to lose — is this doable in a month or two?
Hi Sam — Thanks for the positive feedback. Losing 20 pounds is definitely doable with Nutrisystem, but I would budget at least two months. I signed up for Nutrisystem this week, and I am really hoping that I have the same results. I think my first shipment should arrive just before Christmas, so think I will get started right after the holiday. Thanks so much for the review — definitely gives me hope!
Hi Kris — congrats on signing up — while results will vary for everyone, I truly believe that you will lose a lot of weight if you follow the program — so stick with it, and let us know how it goes. They try to rip you off when quit their auto delivery program. Very very unpleasant people to deal with. They shipped me stuff 3 days after I had already cancelled and had a confirmation number stating I cancelled. They refused to turn the shipment around or to take it back and are trying to create some kind of lie that I created a 2nd account in November and they only cancelled one account.
The only thing I did in November was update my credit card expiration date which I regret. If I guaranteed no more shipments are coming to my name or my address that should be the end of the story, not with them! I am fighting them through my credit card company but please be aware of whatever traps they have in store for any of you.
Hi Troy — Sorry to hear that that was your experience. It was actually a customer service rep who told me I could switch from the meal delivery to just the Turbo Shakes after my first month on the program to lock in the auto-delivery savings without having to commit to another month of food.
In any case, I hope you are able to get things resolved! I started the program today, January 1st. My resolution is to feel better about myself, but do it in a healthy way that had structure. How much and when I should be eating vegetables, and ideas on what to eat if you have to attend a social function or business based meeting that involves food. Thanks for posting a well written, and information overview of this program.
I have three questions and maybe one is a question for a NS counselor… 1. Or can tomatoes, cukes, etc. Also, plain or with some sort of dressing? How many turbo shakes can you have per week… and when can they be consumed? Thanks in advance ….
Evidence continues to mount showing big strides in Minnesota toward cleaner, more efficient energy. The 2018 Sustainable Energy in America Factbook listed these highlights in its Minnesota's report: We now rank 9th out of all 50 states for overall energy efficiency programs (up from a rank of 10th place last year). In 2017, annual solar capacity additions surpassed wind energy additions for the first time. Clean energy is now our 2nd largest electricity source, recently overtaking nuclear. To top it off, big buzz was generated last week with the news that Minnesota has met its Renewable Energy Standard – seven years ahead of schedule. Check out Gov. Dayton's statement on the Renewable Energy Standard which also mentioned the report. Read more about the report findings from MPR News and the Star Tribune.
A new study from the Minnesota Department of Human Rights reveals that students of color comprise 31 percent of our state student population, yet receive 66 percent of all suspensions and expulsions. And while students with disabilities comprise 14 percent of the population, they receive 43 percent of those sanctions. Excluded from the data were situations where physical safety was a concern, or the student was fighting or in possession of a weapon or illegal drugs. The department found that 55 percent of all suspensions in the state were the result of a subjective judgment made by school officials. The gap represents a systemic human rights violation because research also shows a strong correlation between suspensions and the racial achievement gap. Students who are absent from the classroom are less likely to graduate and achieve success later in life. Many school districts have begun to tackle this difficult challenge and MDHR has initiated efforts with 43 districts to reduce these disparities. A Star Tribune article on the study reported that statewide, student expulsions had fallen by half over the past few years and Mounds View Public Schools hasn't expelled a student since the 1970s.
For Minnesotans struggling to find affordable health care, Gov. Mark Dayton is proposing a “buy-in’’ option for MinnesotaCare, a highly regarded 26-year-old program that was created with bipartisan consensus under Republican Gov. Arne Carlson to help provide coverage for low-income working families. The MinnesotaCare Buy-In would reduce costs and improve access for an estimated 100,000 more Minnesotans, disproportionally those in Greater Minnesota, who purchase their own health insurance on the individual market. Unlike traditional MinnesotaCare enrollees who receive subsidized coverage, individuals who choose MinnesotaCare Buy-In would pay their own way – meaning the cost of their premiums would pay for their coverage. This initiative is necessary because Minnesota is starting to backslide on coverage. After previously reaching a historic low of 4.3 percent in 2016, according to the Minnesota Health Access Survey, our uninsured rate increased to 6.3 percent in 2017, leaving more than 349,000 Minnesotans without health coverage.
“I have heard from farmers who pay more than $40,000 out-of-pocket before they get any help from their health insurance, while other farmers cannot afford any coverage at all. A MinnesotaCare Buy-In would provide another option to help ensure that farmers and other small business owners can get the quality health insurance coverage they need.” Gary Wertish, President, Minnesota Farmers Union.
black ops crack multiplayer download descargar crack de call of duty 1 no cd google apps router keygen TEMPO.CO, oreo crack recipe myhouse v11 crack Jakarta - After the Maghrib (sundown) call to prayer, spectators began to flood the one-hectare open yard inside the Lirboyo Pesantren (Islamic boarding school) complex in Kediri, East Java. That day, the third Saturday of April, roads leading to the school were packed. Street vendors and vehicles crowded roadsides, spilling over into street lanes.
how to use feedingbottle to crack wpa Trucks and pickups were lined in a 500-meter radius on street sides. These are the vehicles that had brought in the fighters from various regions in East Java, who would soon compete in the most prestigious fighting competition held at Lirboyo Pesantren: Pencak Dor. One by one, youths from different martial arts schools entered the school's north entrance open only to competing fighters, while the middle entrance was assigned for invitees and the festival's organizing committee.
csi new york game crack At exactly 7 pm, after the Isha (evening) call to prayer, the sound of jidor (drums) was heard. The music urged would-be spectators still outside the school's complex to quickly enter and choose their spot around the arena. Religious music, accompanied by the jidor, signaled the approaching start of Pencak Dor. In the blink of an eye, the area around the arena was divided into south and north corners, with each occupied by scores of youths eager to compete.
reject shop tree coat rack One by one, fighters from each corner moved to the center of the platform. The referee only allowed a maximum of five minutes for each fight. "Every fight is made up of three rounds," said Badrul Huda Zainal Abidin, known as GusBidin, a Lirboyo Pesantren official who holds the license to organize Pencak Dor.
best way to cook crack with baking soda Similar to mixed martial arts (MMA) fights often seen on television, fighters in Pencak Dor are not equipped with safety gear, with the exception of mouthguards. Often, tens of fighters from one martial arts school would take turns using a single mouthguard. "I once lost a tooth when fighting in the opening event," said ImamSubawi, a resident of Lirboyo village of who has now retired from competition.
how to download black ops 2 multiplayer crack According to Bernis, member of the committee, Pencak Dor does not have many rules. Fighters are only prohibited from pulling their opponent's hair, attacking someone who is already on the ground, and spitting or swearing. "The principle is that fights have to be honorable," he said.
down game boom ola crack After shaking hands, the martial artists immediately set to work. Most fights went swiftly because participants were already eager to strike. Within the five minutes, they were free to punch, kick and body slam using any style. Punching an opponent in the face is also allowed in Pencak Dor, although this move has caused many fighters to bleed profusely. If a fighter is in a worrying condition, the referee, who has absolute authority, will stop a fight even before the third round.
crack uyuşturucu nasıl yapılır In Pencak Dor, fighters are paired depending on the wishes of the fighters themselves and their promoters, which is why one often sees martial artists of different sizes competing. If he is willing, a fighter with a small frame may compete against a much larger person. Fighters are considered capable of measuring their own abilities, which is why this rule is put in place.
crack dcs p 51 Even so, the rule is often violated by promotors whose interest is, of course, to protect their fighters. Promotors will replace a fighter if he is faced with an unequal opponent. This is how the promotors arrange fights, allowing fighters to choose appropriate opponents with the aim to win.
game crack cho dt nokia 6300 Although Pencak Dor is open to public and participants are free to choose their opponents, not all fighters can compete in the festival. The committee will prioritize fighters who are members of a martial arts school to allow smoother management.
The inspiring digital imagery above, is part of Peninsulas In Europe Map editorial which is labeled within All World Maps category and posted at Jan .13, 2018 by . We hope, you can acquire comprehensive information and guides about Download Map Of The Seas In Europe Major Tourist Attractions Maps Beauteous Peninsulas and Peninsulas In Europe Map, which may give more benefits for your own property.
The Download Map Of The Seas In Europe Major Tourist Attractions Maps Beauteous Peninsulas digital imagery bottom, is one of the image about Peninsulas In Europe Map, created at Saturday, January 13th, 2018, 11:30 am by .
Home / Valley Express Newspaper / Imran Khan-Bushra Maneka marriage in trouble over her son and his dogs
NEW DELHI: Pakistan’s Tehreek-e-Insaf chairman and legendary cricketer Imran Khan’s third marriage is in trouble, according to reports in Pakistani media. Imran Khan’s third wife Bushra Maneka is no longer living with the cricketer-turned-politician and has returned to her maternal home following a dispute between the newly married couple, reported dailypakistan.com.pk.
According to the website, Imran Khan was not happy with was Bushra Maneka’s son living with them at their Bani Gala residence while she had objected to the presence of domestics dogs in the home.
Pakistani Urdu newspaper Daily Ummat reported that the two had agreed before their marriage that Bushra’s family members would not live with them for a long duration. But Bushra’s son from her former husband Khawar Fareed has been living with them ever since their marriage which resulted in Imran Khan raising objections.
A couple of weeks ago I was fortunate enough to receive a few of the Trigmaster plus transceivers from Aputure for review.
These units ship with 2 AAA batteries, Remote cable to hook to your camera for remote shutter control, PC cable, Sync cable, and Sync output converter. They retail for about $60.00 and, needless to say, you are covered for most of your uses right out of the box.
The Trigmaster Plus transceivers have a nice feel to them. They do not feel cheap and easily breakable in your hand. They operate on 2.4G instead of 433Hz like previous models. The button layout is simple and logical. You have a function switch to go from transmitter to receiver, illuminated channel selection via the small channel button to the right of the channel display, and a large trigger button. The power switch is located on the user's right side next to a very beefy antenna. On the other side of the transceiver are three ports: Studio flash sync, camera remote shutter port, and a PC in port.
The units have a sync speed of 1/250th of a second and a range of about 260 feet. They have plastic feet without a locking ring. At first I thought that this was going to be an issue. I do like metal feet, but these have a set of tabs on the side of the feet that do a great job of keeping them in place. There is also a hole for accommodating a locking pin from my Nikon flashes.
These transceivers can also be used for shutter control. There are two ways to do this: the first is to use the remote cable and connect it to a transceiver, turn the mode switch to tx, and you're set. The second is to use a second transceiver mounted on the top of the camera and connect with the same remote cable. When you have the triggers set for remote triggering you can use the continuous shooting mode. Just hold the trigger button down for 3 seconds and when you release the button the camera will continue to fire at a fairly fast pace. Touch the trigger button a second time and the continuous shooting is canceled. I find this a fun function for both sports and children.
The only issue I have had with the layout of the Trigmaster Plus units is the test button. The main trigger button on the unit is used for remote shutter firing, and not as a test button for your flash. Instead you have to hold the trigger button down half way and then press the channel button. That is how you test fire your flash units. It is not an impossible task, but is does get a little cumbersome when you are holding a flash meter in one hand and trying to test fire your strobes. Overall, if that is the only issue for the Trigmaster Plus units then they are doing well.
All in all, the Trigmaster Plus transceivers are a great transceiver, easy to use, very reliable, small, and use common AAA batteries. All of that along with a small size makes them a great buy. If you are in the market for triggers I highly recremend taking a good long look at the Trigmaster plus transceivers from Aputure.
With his extensive experience shooting indoor and out, working with all types of people, models, children, families, celebrities, and more, he has become known as one of Portland's premiere photographers and lighting experts.
The client list of Vanished Twin is a vast range of personalities and the portfolio represents that well. Customers are used to expecting, achieving, and receiving only the best.
Jblu Stock Quote picture is in category Quotes that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. You can browse other picture of Jblu Stock Quote in our galleries below. If you want to see other picture, you can browse our other category.
Jblu Stock Quote - find related jblu stock price forecast, jblu stock price history, jblu stock quote, and much more below.
Vids All the escorts listed celebjhaid ict4fev. I am ready sexy chat Bröst: I turned from the looks and touches. This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting large hd tube website. Message Call. This website uses cookies to better the users heiße porno while visiting the website. All the escorts listed on eulaks.
INABBY, The Indonesian Section of IBBY, has successfully organized The 1st Asia-Oceania IBBY Regional Congress in Bali, May 23rd–26th, 2013. No doubt this first step taken by INABBY will be followed by other national sections of IBBY in the region, to continue such regional congresses in the future.
This first congress was attended by 120 participants from 19 countries: India, South Korea, Japan, China, Cambodia, Thailand, Malaysia, Australia, USA, Switzerland, Austria, Norway, Finland, Denmark, New Zealand, Brunei Darussalam, Singapore, Taiwan, and Indonesia. Forty-three papers were presented, divided into two themes. The main theme: “How to Strengthen Asia-Oceania IBBY” was intended to find a way to encourage all the national sections to work hand in hand. And the sub-theme: “Knowing Your Neighbours” showcases the uniqueness of stories from Asia and Oceania to the world, and their role in the world of children’s literature.
Sharing of knowledge through the presentations was done in a relaxed atmosphere of enjoyment and friendship. The congress provided the participants with good talks, memorable moments, opportunities to enjoy Indonesian cultures and stories of the world through the paper presentations, cultural events and storytelling sessions.
Children’s and community libraries, teachers and students were all involved in this important and fruitful first IBBY Asia-Oceania Congress in Bali 2013. You can witness some accomplishments of the congress through these pictures.
Kumata Bear books written by Shigeo Watanabe; and Sylvia Vardell from USA (right) speaking about children’s poems.
Galatians 3:26 – 28 You are all sons of God through faith in Christ Jesus, for all of you who were baptized into Christ have clothed yourselves with Christ. There is neither Jew nor Greek, slave nor free, male nor female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus.
Corinthians I 12:15 If the foot should say, “Because I am not a hand, I am not of the body,” is it therefore not of the body?
To fulfill our belief in justice by working collaboratively to achieve full LGBTQ equality within the faith community and in society.
A large percentage of our congregation is LGBTQ, and many hold leadership positions in our church. Our LGBT equality efforts are wide-ranging from periodic liturgical and scriptural interpretations on equality to marching in the local Gay Pride parade to Transgender awareness and remembrance activities to World AIDS Day services. We partner with Dayton-area LGBTQ organizations and straight allies to advocate for full equality. Harmony Creek is home to various LGBTQ organizations and activities. PFLAG and Rainbow Elder Care of Greater Dayton meet regularly at our church, and we have hosted events featuring the Dayton Gay Men’s Chorus. We put our belief in equality and justice into action by taking a vocal leadership role on issues of equality in the larger faith community and in society.
and I was wanting to know your situation; many of us have developed some nice practices and we are looking to swap methods with other folks, please shoot me
Hello to every body, it's my first go to see of this blog; this webpage consists of awesome and in fact good stuff designed for visitors.
much more or understanding more. Thanks for magnificent info I was looking for this info for my mission.
I am sure this post has touched all the internet users, its really really good post on building up new webpage.
I visited various web sites however the audio quality for audio songs existing at this site is in fact wonderful.
this website with us so I came to take a look. I'm definitely loving the information. I'm book-marking and will be
(not that I personally would want to…HaHa). You certainly put a brand new spin on a subject that's been written about for
and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said "You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear." She put the shell to her ear and
Your site offered us with valuable information to work on. You have done an impressive job and our whole community will
If ѕome one wants expert view on the topic of blogging and sitе-building afterward i advise him/her to go
Ӏ have а blog cеntered on thᥱ ѕame information you discuss and woulɗ love to haѵe you share somᥱ stories/information. I know my subscribers
When someone writes an article he/she retains the thought of a user in his/her brain that how a user can know it.
When I initially commented I clicked the "Notify me when new comments are added" checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get several emails with the same comment.
I say to you, I certainly get annoyed while people think about worries that they plainly do not know about.
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. – Benjamin Franklin
Jonathan George for Congress My wife and I got to meet Jonathan George at the local Democratic headquarters yesterday. More than that, we had the opportunity to talk with him for a full 25 minutes. It was a profoundly serious discussion, ranging from the need to pull our forces out of Afghanistan, end the war […]
This is what the GOP is all about. This is how they are. This is what they do. They lie. Without hesitation. Without regard for the truth. They just make sh*t up on the fly. Mitt RMoney, presumptive candidate for the GOP for the office of the Presidency, visits Ohio, stands in the middle of […]
Well, it seems that fishermen and scientists are reporting widespread examples of defects, deformities, and death rates in multiple species of Gulf fish, shellfish, crabs and shrimp. The entire web of supportable sea food life in the Gulf appears to be in serious trouble. What does it say about the total failure of American journalism, […]
GOP Simply Does Not Believe in Deficit Reduction. Blinding Hypocrisy and Desire to Destroy Medicare and Social Security.
by Ron in Deficit, Letters to Congress, Mediscare, Republican GOPosaur Party, Social Security, Taxes, The 1%
Well, the GOP is certainly on a roll. Yesterday they would not even allow a proposal that would insure that multi-millionaires are taxed at least at the same levels as their secretaries and us worker bees be discussed in the Senate, much less come to a vote. The vote on whether to even discuss the […]
Comments Off on GOP Simply Does Not Believe in Deficit Reduction. Blinding Hypocrisy and Desire to Destroy Medicare and Social Security.
Well, I read where Mitt Romney has declared that deadbeat moms on welfare should be forced to go out and get a job or lose their benefits. Here’s an idea. Put those mothers to work as janitors in the schools with Newt’s child janitor replacements. What a win win situation. We add both poor women […]
I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much liberty than to those attending too small a degree of it. -Thomas Jefferson
by Ron in Congressional Fail Number Nth, Donald Trump, Income Inequality, Know Nothing and Militant Ignorance, Taxes, The 1%
President* Donald Trump held a press conference in Indianapolis, at which he insisted that there were enough votes to pass the latest GOP health care abomination, which of course there are not, and he also prattled on about the looming massive GOP tax reform plan. The Washington Post did a fact check on Trump’s presser […]
As the past week ended, the latest GOP effort to destroy Obamacare at the behest of their billionaire donors, in order to provide them another massive tax cut, collapsed, thanks to John McCain and Susan Collins Sadly, Lisa Murkowski was silent, leaving one to wonder if her moral impulses had collapsed in view of the […]
This in the news today. Attorneys Ty Cobb and John Dowd aired their grievances with White House counsel Donald McGahn and discussed other legal matters at a Washington steakhouse, where they were overheard by a reporter at the next table. “Again, the lack of discipline,” Scarborough said. “I want to say the lack of any […]
Currently the right wing is circulating a photoshopped picture of Trump, in his suit, supposedly reaching out to help a flood victim out of the water. Snopes.com has a full debunking of the image up already. What can be more sickening and revealing of the shallowness of this man-child than his visit to people in […]
Sunday morning, September 10, 2017. Hurricane Irma is hitting the Florida Keys as I type this. I had logged on to the Washington Post to read their latest thorough update of the situation on Irma as it crawls towards landfall along the southwest and then west coast of the state. Destructive winds, rain hit Florida […]
Greetings friends, thanks for coming by to check out the latest challenge from the crew at SHOPPING OUR STASH
I went with the middle column, stamps, more than 5 years old and happy birthday...you can never have too many birthday cards in your stash right??!!??
Everything on this card with the exception of the glitter glue on the hat is more than 5 years old (the cardstock, the ink, the stamp set, the sequins).
I drew the border with a ruler and sharpie and I am pleased with how it sets of the image and sentiment.
I went with a cute paper pieced pup which required FAR more fussy cutting than I usually like to do!
Thanks for stopping by today for the latest challenge from Edna and the sisterhood of snarky stampers!
Edna wants to see your most favourite fantasy beasties on your project...fairies, unicorns, mermaids...or this guy (OK maybe that's just me)
I am in the midst of making literally hundreds of holiday cards for an upcoming fundraiser that I am participating in, so my card for the challenge was a pretty quick cut and paste using the "Stay Magical" paper pad by Craft Smith.
While you are there please share some crafty love and comments with our reigning queen of snark and the rest of the sisterhood!
I love the cute wee vintage Halloween images that came as part of the "Thrilling" design paper pack from Authentique...I used a few of them for my ATCs.
Our theme this week is "not your average card" that means no square, rectangular, round or oval cards. We want to see a card or project with a unique shape.
The two crafty projects I struggle with most are...shaped cards (lol) and masculine cards...so I decided to do a two-fer!
We are very blessed to have the most wonderful neighbours and one of these wonderful neighbours is having a big birthday this week, so I knew I wanted to make him an extra special card.
Blog Archive November (3) October (7) September (5) August (5) July (7) June (7) May (6) April (6) March (4) February (6) January (6) December (4) November (6) October (8) September (7) August (7) July (7) June (6) May (7) April (7) March (8) February (6) January (7) December (1) November (2) October (4) September (2) August (3) July (1) June (2) April (11) March (13) February (11) January (6) December (11) November (7) October (9) September (12) August (6) July (11) June (12) May (12) April (8) March (11) February (6) January (10) December (5) November (12) October (14) September (9) August (16) July (17) June (8) May (13) April (8) March (6) February (10) January (8) December (5) November (8) October (13) September (11) August (5) July (1) June (9) May (8) April (9) March (13) February (13) January (12) December (18) November (8) October (15) September (16) August (14) July (13) June (9) May (17) April (8) March (9) February (13) January (19) December (10) November (13) October (6) September (10) August (1) July (8) June (9) May (10) April (8) March (5) February (2) January (7) December (3) October (6) September (15) August (10) July (7) June (7) May (7) April (13) March (4) February (9) January (20) December (5) October (16) September (8) July (4) June (13) May (14) April (1) March (7) February (6) January (7) December (3) November (3) October (9) September (9) August (4) July (17) June (7) May (4)
With so many places to go and things to do in the Atlanta and surrounding area, you might find these links helpful in planning your stay in Chattahoochee Hill Country:
Because of the Bed & Breakfast's rural location 20-25 minutes southwest of Atlanta and Hartsfield Int'l Airport, a rental car is suggested. Although there are lots of outdoor activities right in our backyard to enjoy, many local eateries and Atlanta area attractions are 15-30 minutes away. We suggest you make the most of your vacation by giving yourself the flexibility and convenience to come and go as you please.
Take I-85 south to the South Fulton Parkway/Old National Blvd exit keep left to remain on South Fulton Pkwy.
Go through 5 traffic lights (approx. 10 miles) after passing 5th light at Hwy. 154 make right onto Rivertown Road.
Go approx. 4 miles to 4-way stop and make right onto Cochran Mill Road. We will be 1.5 miles on your﻿ left (three mailboxes just past Little Pea Creek numbered 5575, 5545, 5541)
You will go through a traffic light at Hwy 92. (Ignore the detour sign, continuing straight) In 1/2 mile make a right onto Cochran mill Road/Hwy 70.
We are approx. 2 miles on the right just after Brazel Road. 3 mailboxes on the right numbered 5541, 5545, 5575
In order to gain ideas of writing a personal essay, you can get inspired by the listed topics below just think of each of the ideas as a prompt for writing, and imagine any special moment the prompt may bring to your mind. The essays on different topics show the expression power of the writer it also judges how capable the writer is of handling varied subjects and balancing the art of writing it also tests the subjective attitude of the writer towards the topics of essays which he is writing. Our essay topics are designed to spark creative thinking and can be modified for students in elementary, middle and high school they are grouped by topic for easy student and teacher reference feel free to print the entire list for plenty of inspiration for your next descriptive essay assignment.
If getting started is the hardest part of the writing process, close behind it (and closely related to it) may be the challenge of finding a good topic to write about of course, sometimes an instructor will solve that problem for you by assigning a topic. Writing a persuasive essay gives you the opportunity to investigate a topic in depth and share a well-researched account of your position with readers the best persuasive essays come from topics that students feel passionate about, on which they can take a clear position. Effectively writing different types of essays has become critical to academic success essay writing is a common school assignment, a part of standardized tests, and a requirement on college applications.
The five main types of explaining essays are listed in the table below, along with main features of how to write them i have listed at least twenty-five topic ideas for each type of essay, which should help you choose an idea that appeals to you. Hindi essay on various topics, current issues and general issues for class 10 , 12 and other classes. 14 advertising and media argumentative essay topics advertising and the media have become nearly inseparable from society as a whole essays written on these topics can include various angles. The facts presented in this blog are based on my best guesses and my substantially faulty geezer memory the opinions expressed herein are strictly those of the author and are protected by the us constitution.
What if i promised that by reading this you'll learn 40 persuasive essay topics to help you get started writing your persuasive essay—and that you'll even learn some tips about how to choose a persuasive essay topic. With having to write essays on various topics, with never-ending home assignments and side projects, with part-time jobs and social life to take into account, there is hardly anyone who needs to manage time more wisely than your average student does. This list of 250 subjects for familiar essays originally appeared as an appendix to essays and essay-writing, an anthology edited by william m tanner and published by the atlantic monthly press in 1917 but don't let the date scare you away while a few of the topics are musty (our ragtime age.
Help for all your essays and term papers t he e ssay d epot is the place for hundreds of essays, term papers, and reports for research purposes we sort our papers in categories so you will have no trouble navigating to find that much needed paper. Below is a list of the 20 most common ielts essay topics that appear in writing task 2 with subtopics although the essay questions change, the subject of the essays often remains the same each topic is divided into subtopics which you should prepare. 100 ielts essay questions below are sample ielts essay questions and topics reported by ielts students in writing task 2 the 100 essay questions have been reworded and are organised under common topics which frequently come in ielts writing task 2. Whilst persuasive and argumentative essay topics may seem to be identical, cause and effect and narrative essay topics are completely different argumentative essay topics : is there too much pressure on teenagers to go to college.
Why is it important to come up with good narrative essay writing topics in most occasions, when students have a task to write a narrative essay, they chose between two options: to use the topic that their tutor proposed or to come up with their own topic.
English essays on different topics - composition sample writing we work exceptionally with native english speaking writers from us, uk, canada and australia that coming up with a good writing topic can be one of the hardest parts of composing an essay.
Such essays may help and motivate students to know about the indian cultures, heritages, monuments, famous places, importance of teachers, mothers, animals, traditional festivals, events, occasions, famous personalities, legends, social issues and so many other topics. Check out the various topics that you could write an english essay on there are so many interesting topics out there that you could use for your english essay of course, you need to remember that the academic level and the subject area are both important criteria. English language classes usually require a lot of writing when you're a middle school student, you don't feel the pressure but high school and college students are assigned complex topics.
Product failure can be attributed to any one or more of the following causes therefore, in such a condition unless the marketer brings out the product to the satisfaction of the buyers, he cannot be. Market failure with positive externalities using the nhs as example while the individual who is treated gains a private benefit, there is a far greater social benefit (eg becoming a more productive worker. Market failure is known to exists in all market economy and the health market is not an exception, but what health economists are debating is when is right for the government to intervene so as to avert a 'government failure' which can lead to double market failure.
11 the english nhs: from market failure to trust, professionalism and democracy colin leys the third instalment of our soundings futures series. Market failure is the economic situation defined by an inefficient distribution of goods and services in the free market furthermore, the individual incentives for rational behavior do not lead to rational. Foreword by the author this publication is the completion of a process that i started with the late dr jörg meyer-stamer in 2008 sadly, jörg passed away in.
The failed market project over the last thirty years relentless ideological pressure and health industry lobbying have induced successive governments to push towards making health care into a. Governments intervene in markets to maximise the social welfare of the community and to correct the market failures covered in this revision guide. Market failurewhat is market failure technically, market failure occurs whenever freely-functioning markets operating without government. Market failure: market failure, failure of a market to deliver an optimal result in particular, the economic theory of market failure seeks to account for inefficient outcomes in markets that.
Also, although government failure is a real issue, it is often much less than the problems arising from market failure just because government intervention may be inefficient, doesn't mean we should try to tackle problems of pollution etc. Government failure government intervention to resolve market failures can also fail to achieve a socially efficient allocation of resources government failure is a situation where government intervention in the economy to correct a market failure creates inefficiency and leads to a misallocation of scarce resources. Market failure: private patients paying too much according to the regulator the oft has found some market failures in the private health care industry and in april 2012 a decision was made to refer the market to the uk competition commission. Read this essay on nhs-market failure come browse our large digital warehouse of free sample essays get the knowledge you need in order to pass your classes and more. Healthcare is a merit good because consuming it provides benefit to others, while benefitting the individual consumer for example, inoculation against a contagious disease provides protection and clearly generates a private benefit as well as an external one, to those who are protected from catching the disease from those who are inoculated.
Keywords: health economics, ideal market, market structure, market failure, perfect competition, market forces, supply/demand, equity, economic efficiency a common argument heard in health care planning and health policy reform debates is that the government should stay out of health care and let the market allocate resources efficiently. Eg by offering subsidies or providing better information non-market based policies: the state intervenes directly in markets eg by legally enforced regulations eg smoking bans or direct state provision of products eg nhs taxes and market failure why do states use taxation to correct market failure from negative externalities. Market failure: an emerging policy dilemma in theory the creation of competition between providers should simply with the gradual opening up of a new market in nhs care in england, there is the. Nhs-market failure 1388 words | 6 pages topic two: market failure the healthcare system in britain is predominantly paid for by the government, and has done now for a number of years, through taxes paid for by the public. Market failure is a situation that occurs when resources are not allocated effectively or efficiently for example, when fisheries experience market failure, the government is expected to step in with policy.
Health insurance and market failure since arrow sherry a glied columbia university illness is usually unexpected and often costly health insurance is a contingent claims contract that moves funds from the usual state of the world, when one is healthy, to the unexpected and costly state, when one is ill. Market failure can be defined as the situation in which the allocation of goods and services by free market is not efficient these failures occur on both the demand and supply sides of the market. Ties or the national health service (nhs), by 2012 it was 6% in the case of domiciliary care, 95% was directly provided by local authorities in 1993, and by 2012 just 11% (centre for health and the public interest, 2013.
Peter wilby: the health service is saddled with impossible expectations when it doesn't meet them, yet more 'reform' is prescribed.
This trend raises the question of how to deal with 'market failure' where outsourced providers are no longer able or willing to continue with provision the case of social care and health care in england is a critical policy arena.
Market failure happens, when uninhibitedly working markets, neglect to convey a productive portion of eg the legislature pays private area wellbeing firms to do operations for nhs patients to lessen. Third, the harm caused by these failures can be immense—for example, failures in the blood service in canada left almost 30,000 patients injured and caused huge additional health care costs. In a series of industry briefings on the new framework, nhs digital officials have argued there has been market failure in the current model the market does not function well, one presentation to industry on tuesday, seen by hsj , stated. For instance, in 1998/99, 39% of nhs hospital and community health services expenditure was used for treating people aged 65 and over, even though they are only 16% of the total population.
Start meeting singles in murdock today with our free online personals and free murdock chat murdock is full of single men and women like you looking for dates, lovers, friendship, and fun finding them is easy with our totally free murdock dating service. An archive of our own, a project of the organization for transformative works.
The latest tweets from mature dating uk (@dinetodatecom) dinetodate is aimed at like minded people bringing groups of people together with similar interestsfree to join, message & search you have nothing to lose uk. Blinded as a young boy, matt murdock fights injustice by day as a lawyer and by night as the super hero daredevil in hell's kitchen, new york city lawyer by day, vigilante by night, matt murdock will do whatever it takes to defend his city in hell's kitchen, justice is blind marvel's daredevil.
Conway | a memorial services for donald murdock “mert” browder, 83, will be held at 4 pm monday, aug 27, 2018, in st paul’s anglican church, officiated by the rev. Hot woman in murdock, kansas it's time to begin your best experience with online dating, it's time to meet sexy women or mature women in murdock, kansas with latinomeetup meeting new people, flirting and setting the first date is easier and much more fun on latinomeetup.
Jennifer w murdock has announced her candidacy for one of three seats on the fayetteville board of education in the nov 6 election.
Mature, based in ireland needs elitesingles black senior dating app where you can be shown on tv3 q: online with smart, etc ritardando murdock gives importance to start mature dating online connections dating agency or your zest for love again, stumbleupon. Murdock's best 100% free cougar dating site meet thousands of single cougars in murdock with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of cougar women in murdock is the perfect place to make friends or find a cougar girlfriend in murdock. Northern wi missed connections - craigslist cl favorite this post oct 23 mature woman wanted (northern wisconsin) bowen/murdoch (app oshkosh) map hide this posting restore restore this posting favorite this post oct 29 looking (yup eup) map hide this posting restore restore this posting. Gomarrycom is better than a dating site we are a marriage relationship service for people who want to get married & start a family of their own join us now and discover potentially millions of like minded people looking to build their meaningful relationships with us.
Personals is a journey with unforgettable images to compliment each poem with over 80 poems written and photographs taken for and exclusively by the author this is a genuine and sincere article that has taken over 3 years to complete satisfactorily, marvyn has commented. Single lesbian women in murdock, fl matchcom is the best place to search the sunshine state for online singles if you are looking for a wife or husband for a happy marriage, mature ladies, older men create a free profile today. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of single moms women in murdock, fl join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site.
Murdock's best 100% free dating site for single parents join our online community of kansas single parents and meet people like you through our free murdock single parent personal ads and online chat rooms.
Yes. That sounds like the Foolproof never fails gibe. Done in high wind, low wind, high speed or schlogging speed. It's very simple.
over sheeting worx in the age of railroad tie narrow boards, race sails and aruba schmokin over powered conditions. i only over sheet now in very limited app's. namely, when jibing down a monster offshore swell that's been grabbed by a sandbar that jacks them up to make "the wall" look like a baby pool. hi, 7-8 foot swell, how did you nearly double? then i over sheet my 4.7 or 4.0 and ride straight down the wave face, flip the sail somewhere near the bottom, and sail back toward shore. unfortunately, that only happens a few dayz a year.
over sheeting worx in the age of railroad tie narrow boards, race sails and aruba schmokin over powered conditions.
I think it's useful to distinguish between full blown racing oversheeting that you're describing (where the clew is sheeted in so far that the sail is essentially luffing clew first, the goal of which is to dump power) and the less dramatic additional sheeting by the back hand as the front hand extends forward into the bow and arrow or pool shooting position while entering the carve, the goal of which is to aid acceleration into the turn.
I had a nice day today in 20 kts with success on every jibe. It's the first time I'm consistent in swell and chop. They were not full planning jibes, not yet. If many were initiated while on the plane, I was far from planing at the exit...
Nevertheless, the oversheet discussion was key for me. In non-planing jibes, I was able to control the pull by modulating the oversheeting. Too much pull when it's time to switch feet? Just pull a bit more on the back arm. I never felt so much in control, even while tacking. I would then open a bit to increase power clew first, gain a bit of speed and stability before flipping the sail.
I don't think modulation can be done while doing a fully carved jibe, but I now have a feeling for what should happen with the sail now. Next step will be to get the weight transfert and feet switch right!
I think you're right in that it's hard to modulate the radius of a planing jibe in mid-turn without losing speed and the consistency of the arc. Much of it is planning and execution, visualization, perhaps rhythm - to place the perfect jibe into the space afforded to you between troughs or in the space to the jibe marker on the slalom course.
I do know that I wobbled out of many race jibes when the guy in front of me splashed or stalled and I had to tighten the radius to avoid running over Pete (oops, no naming names....), and it's never as good, fluid and fast as a jibe that is consistent from beginning to the end. It's kind of like knowing exactly how fast you can take a corner with your car and then having to break for that cat in mid-turn.
I see videos of these PWA slalom guys who, unlike myself, actually know how to sail, and they have the same issues when unexpected things happen at the marker.
My jibe tips explain that only after I learned to dynamically modulate my carve did my jibes start to click. That applies to and very much includes slashing while sailing back and forth and would include freestyle ... anything that increases our dynamic abilities. The same goes for sheeting modulation. Both produce and indicate better familiarity with and mastery of rig and board handling so useful in something as complicated as learning the planing jibe. If we can't yet jibe in a wavy arc with inconsistent power, even textbook-condition jibes may suffer; mine surely did.
My jibe tips explain that only after I learned to dynamically modulate my carve did my jibes start to click. (snip)The same goes for sheeting modulation.
This is not how to learn how to plane through a jibe. It's what Peter Hart refers to as "dabbing" and everyone else as lack of commitment. You lose speed and add board bounce doing this, ending up with a nonplaning finish. While it's true that as a jiber advances it is possible to make subtle tweaks to board and sail during the carve to plane through, the learning jiber is infinitely better off making smooth, committed movements.
Hart has great video illustration of the pitfalls of uneven jibe technique in his various tapes and DVD's...check them out. He also illustrates that with smooth and consistent board and rig handling, the exact timing of the footwork is less critical (though you still want to go early as you learn the planing jibe.)
quick question: Does anyone collection Skaven have any spare plastic rats? You know the ones you get on your unit sprues? If you don't want them, I would gladly get my hands on them. Same with any rat models that would fit in a 25 mm-32 mm games.
The Cottage Journal features decorating ideas, style tips, creative inspiration, and delicious recipes- and now you can enjoy every single page on the iPad! Create a warmer, more magical home with the beauty of nature and The Cottage Journal! Download our Free App to get started! Several subscription options are available to fit your needs. You will also have access to purchase our special issues released several times throughout the year. - 1 year subscription (5 Issues*)- $24.99 (automatically renewed until cancelled) - $9.99 single issue (non-subscription) * Does not include Special Issues The subscription will include the current issue if you do not already own it and subsequently published future issues. Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. This subscription will automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period, your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period. The cost of the renewal will match the initial subscription price. The Cottage Journal Pricing: • Single Issue Price - USD $1.99* • Subscription 1 Month - USD $1.99* • Subscription 1 Year - USD $20.99* * For non-US app stores, the equivalent currency charges will apply. Please note: App subscriptions do not include access to subscription-only content on our website. Additional Subscription Information: • Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. • Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. • Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. • Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase. • No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period. Privacy Policy & Terms of Use: https://www.hoffmanmedia.com/privacy-policy/
This my style, tons of decorating ideas that I love!! I haven’t had a problem looking at the first magazine that I purchased. I noticed some people are having problems accessing. When I got my first issue, it downloaded. I can access it whenever I want the library button. Beautiful magazine!!!
This app is super convenience. I love that I can view the magazine as a flipbook or as mobile friendly pages on my iPad and iPhone!
I am not sure why all these reviews are bashing this iPad version of the magazine. Please remember to update your device as recommended. I noticed that the App is buggy right before an update from Apple. The pages are super easy to flip and orient either landscape or portrait. It’s nice to have this lovely magazine in an electronic version. I have no complaints.
I purchased a subscription in May. I cannot “restore” (access, view, etc) any of my issues, even after being on an hour-long chat with Apple. I sent an email to the developer, but since others have gotten no response, I am sure this is just a sad waste of money. However If the developer does not solve this or is non-responsive, I will make sure to follow-up with Apple so they can remove this App from the App Store.
Took four months to receive my first issue. Got spring in august. Will I receive fall in December. We will see
I recently downloaded 2 magazines and was only able to look at them when they first downloaded. Haven't been able to open them since. Tried customer support but didn't even get a reply.
Love this magazine, but I'm been having a lot of trouble restoring all my purchases. No help from customer services. I want all my magazines back.
Loved this magazine until my purchases disappeared and won't restore. No help from customer service--it's like they took back everything I bought. And I loved this mag!!
Beautiful magazine! Sorry, I am not a fan of the new layout for the issue covers. It is confusing. It's challenging to tell what I have access to. I will not renew my subscription.
A Fine Pair of French 19th/20th Century Louis XVI Style Figural Gilt-Bronze (Ormolu) Mounted and Vert Maurin Marble (Veined Green Marble) Covered Urns. The domed removable lid centered by a flambeau finial, the ovoid body flanked by a pair of Putti (children) terms with their arms raised, warming their hands to finial flame. The body surmounted with floral ribbon tied wreaths and garlands, branches, leaves and acanthus, all raised on a turned socle square gilt-bronze plinth base. They can be converted into table lamps. Circa: Paris, 1900.
Quite old and simple wallpaper. I put on simplicity, but I think I'll change it sometime. If you want to know why the title is Sing Love you should play the game or... read wiki article. -> http://blackrockshooter.wikia.com/wiki/White_Rock_Shooter
New to District 111? Just click the registration/enrollment link on the district website and start a new registration......New Student Registration. Returning Students should have received a personalized letter via U.S. mail that includes a secure log-in (snapcode). Simply enter your snapcode to start the process.....Returning Student Registration.
Larry Trask, a world expert on Basque linguistics and the history of the Basque language, passed away on March 28, 2004. Larry contributed extensively to several online communities, including Basque-L and the Indoeuropean list. This collection of his postings is dedicated in his memory.
It is believed by specialists that the sound /h/ (or better [h], for those of you who understand the difference) was formerly present in all varieties of Basque. The letter H is very frequent in the surviving Aquitanian materials (Aquitanian is the ancestor of Basque), including in those few texts found south of the Pyrenees, in Navarra. For example, one personal name recorded in Navarra from the Aquitanian period is VMME SA.HAR, which we have no hesitation in reading as UME ZAHAR.
The sound [h] seems to have been lost early in the center of the country (Gipuzkoa and Navarra), since there is no trace of it here in the medieval period. In Bizkaia and Araba, however, the letter H is very frequent in personal names and place names in the Middle Ages: for example, BAHAHEZTU for modern MAEZTU, ELHORZAHEA for modern ELORTZA, HURIUARRI for URIBARRI, ELHORRIAGA for ELORRIAGA, HARIZAVALET for ARRIZABALETA.
Today the [h] survives only in the French Basque Country, but it survives everywhere there except along the coast of Lapurdi. Hence, the French Basques say, and have traditionally written, things like these: HORI, HURA, HARRI, HERRI, AHO, NAHI, MIHI, ETHORRI, EKHARRI, ALHABA, SENHAR, ERHI (finger), URRHE (usually written URHE).
When Euskaltzaindia sat down to devise a standard orthography for Basque, therefore, it had to find a compromise between the French Basque spelling traditions and the southern traditions. Naturally, there were disagreements. On the H, some people wanted to retain *all* the written Hs, and to spell things the way Axular spelled them. Others wanted to get rid of H completely. The solution the Academy adopted was basically this: H is written in Batua wherever the northerners have it, *except* after a consonant. So, ETHORRI, EKHARRI, ALHABA, SENHAR, ERHI, URHE were rejected in favor of ETORRI, EKARRI, ALABA, SENAR, ERI, URRE. But HORI, HURA, HARRI, HERRI, AHO, NAHI and so on were accepted into the standard orthography.
This, in my view, was an excellent decision. The northerners have a spelling that matches their pronunciation. The southerners have to learn where to put the Hs, but they're used to doing the same thing when writing Spanish. Moreover, the Batua orthography has the advantage of providing different spellings for words like HARI, ARI and AHARI, which are often pronounced identically in the south -- or, come to that, for AHATE and ATE.
In the 1970s, though, there was a good deal of outrage in the south over the Hs in Batua. The left-wingers objected bitterly to the Hs, on the ground that they made the written form more distant from the speech of the masses. The right-wingers objected even more bitterly on the ground that they'd never had Hs before and didn't see why they should have them now. If I may be blunt, a lot of people wasted an enormous amount of time fulminating about Hs when they could have been doing something more useful to assist in developing Batua.
Eventually the whole kerfuffle died down. I have the impression that the young left-wingers just got too busy with jobs and families to worry about Hs any more, while the elderly right-wingers in many cases just died.
Notic: Please keep in mind that, you must flash Huawei HONOR 5X (KIWL21) firmware at your own risk and also full responsible with you.
Considering a set of alliances that help Dantzaz get: 1. Attract a new and wider public 2. Attracting an audience that has other interests or passions. 3. Risk sharing in case of co-productions / dual programming. 4. Create more ambitious projects. 5. To promote new trends:...
Got a minute and wanna see your fixie’s ancestors? Check out this lovely little video from Copenhagen design firm Visual Artwork:
Kind of interesting that the bicycle’s earliest incarnations from the early 1810s don’t look THAT different from what we ride today, with identical-size wheels and a seat positioned toward the back. It’s all those versions in the middle that look so funky: the high-wheel bicycle of the 1870s, with its huge front wheel, and the high-wheel safety, with a giant rear wheel.
Thank god they finally got the proportions right! Sure, you can’t get as far with one rotation if your tires are more modestly sized, but at least you won’t fall as far. The modern bike is clearly the pinnacle of bike evolution.
A black light can identify many trading cards, posters, photos and other paper items that contain optical brighteners. On various occasions, commemorative coins are minted, often in gold and silver with face values up toyen.
Diplomatic relations between the two countries were established in when Japan was forced to sign unequal treaties with the United States, France, Great Britain, Russia and Netherlands which opened Japan to foreign imports with minimal duties, gave foreigners special rights, and granted Japan little in exchange.
Japanese government intervention in the currency market[ edit ] In the s, Japanese government and business people were very concerned that a rise in the value of the yen would hurt export growth by making Japanese products less competitive and would damage the industrial base.
Watermarks can sometimes give important information about the age of the paper and the authenticity of the print.
We are really proud of our price guide below. The note was made to be folded in half, so it could be carried like regular hansatsu. This unusual coin was pressed into service due to the shortage of metal in Japan caused by World War II.
The front pictures the Yasukuni Shrine. These coins had been introduced through Manila over a period of two hundred and fifty years, arriving on ships from Acapulco in Mexico. These tall, thin notes approximately 6" x 1. Made by pressing a finished paper sheet through hot cylinders. The same amount of silver is worth about modern yen, [13] while the same amount of gold is worth about yen.
The yen replaced Tokugawa coinagea complex monetary system of the Edo period based on the mon. Thus notes issued for the Philippines were denominated in Pesos and Centavos and were in English as it was a United States commonwealththe Malay notes were denominated in Dollars and Cents and were in English, as it was a British Colonyand the Burmese notes were denominated in Rupees and Cents and were in English as it was a British Colony.
The clan controlled the region around Amagasaski castle in what was then Settsu Prefecture, which is located near Osaka. The coin shows little or no wear, but does have some spots or stains. Yes, there were several different types of bank notes printed prior You should mention the region you're talking about, which fortunately i know which it is: The coins were issued over a two year period.
On the front is a picture of Fukuzawa Yukichi; on the back is a picture of the the ho-o phoenix statue from the Byodo-in temple in Kyoto. After the war, brass sen, 1- and 5-yen were introduced between and A watermark is a design in paper made by creating a variation in the paper thickness during manufacture.
Our guide covers the major sections of Filipino money which are as follows: The notes were issued in the currency and official language that was in use at the time of the invasion.
Bob, however likes apples. In reality and gold-standard advocates will probably disagree with megold has no more value than paper. Early 1-yen silver coin, Click a picture to learn more about each individual silver certificate.
The note is approximately mm x 64mm and grades Fine of better. In the meantime, please use our published information here to learn how much your money could be worth.
Yen in the early s[ edit ] During the first half of the s, the yen failed to rise in value even though current account surpluses returned and grew quickly. We believe it has value because in the scenario listed above something of value was exchanged for it.
All coins are Uncirculated. Undervalued yen[ edit ] Bythe yen had become undervalued. A wide differential in interest rateswith United States interest rates much higher than those in Japan, and the continuing moves to deregulate the international flow of capitalled to a large net outflow of capital from Japan.
The rise in the current account surplus generated stronger demand for yen in foreign-exchange markets, but this trade-related demand for yen was offset by other factors.
The other bills are fairly straightforward.Dec 15, · It is a collectible for paper money collectors who do WW II currency or Asian currency. As the war went on they printed a lot of paper money and a lot of GI's brought it back to the states.
It probably is valued in the $2-$10 cytopix.com: Resolved. World Paper Money Catalog and History of World Currency with over images of old and recent world paper money listed by countries.
Because civilians were forced to accept the Military Yen, which was not backed and could not be exchanged into Japanese Yen, it cost the Japanese government virtually nothing to purchase whatever they wanted. Nov 23, · There are additional Japanese symbols for larger multiples of 百 千 The Japanese number-writing system is known as a non-positional numeral system because individual symbols don't identify their value strictly based on their position in the number.
For example, 40 (四十, 4 10), (四百, 4 ), and (四千, 4 ) all use exactly 2 symbols in Japanese (while the. If you are traveling to Japan and need cash, 7-Eleven ATMs accept nearly all foreign credit cards (with a $2 surcharge).
And sometimes these ATMs will spit out old bills, like this old 10, bill. The lower 10, yen bill comes from the collection of, and yen bills that were suspended in. The exchange rate for the Japanese yen is expressed in terms of currency units per U.S. dollar; other rates are expressed as U.S.
dollars per currency unit. The SDR currency value is calculated daily and the valuation basket is reviewed and adjusted every five years.
More than three years in the making, Bisha Hotel and Residences is the combined vision of the principals of two multi-award winning firms - prominent real estate developers, Sam Herzog and Mel Pearl of Lifetime Developments, and legendary hospitality czar and trend-setter, Charles Khabouth of INK Entertainment.
Bisha is the newest private-label Hotel and Residences brand to originate in Toronto since the Four Seasons Hotel and Resorts was introduced in the 1960s, and is the result of the shared passion of these Canadian owners and hands-on operators to offer the ultimate lifestyle destination in key cities around the world. Now Bisha locals are now in the early stages of development.
Exclusive rooftop restaurant, lounge and infinity pool on the 4151 floor with cabana style seating and poolside service bar.
Three exclusive elevators servicing all residential levels and three elevators servicing hotel guests.
A variety of personal services - High-End Salon, Personal Fitness/Training, Pet Walking, Dry Cleaning, Housekeeping,
Cognitive psychology tells us that the unaided human mind is vulnerable to many fallacies and illusions because of its reliance on its memory for vivid anecdotes rather than systematic statistics. - Steven Pinker
There are two ways of lying. One, not telling the truth and the other, making up statistics. - Josefina Vazquez Mota
When I was a young, impressionable lad growing up in a small town in Newfoundland, I would sometimes sit spellbound as older generations would tell ghost stories designed to frighten anyone. A theme often used was the notion of someone who had died violently and without warning and as a result, their ghost was doomed to haunt the area where they had died because their spirit did not know that the body had expired.
Watching the PC Party of Alberta go down in a stinging defeat tonight in the Calgary-Foothills election, I wonder if I am witnessing a similar type of ghost – a political party that has died but which doesn’t know it yet.
When the PC Party was unceremoniously dumped in the general election in May of this year, they were accused of many things, including being dishonest, elitist, arrogant, indifferent and ignorant of the needs of the people (and those are the polite comments).
When the by-election process began in Calgary-Foothills, the PC Party candidate had some alleged discrepancies in education claimed versus education obtained, drawing comments from many (including myself in the post PC Party and Blair Houston–Isn’t Honesty Still the Best Policy?) about the potential dishonesty of the candidate. The comments were never responded to by the candidate or his party.
The PC Party Interim Leader routinely quoted unnamed polls which claimed the candidate to be taking the riding by storm while no verifiable poll showed the candidate as even coming close. There were even cries of violations of the Elections Act when a robocall from the Interim Leader cited unverifiable poll results without citing the source.
And then there were insidious personal claims regarding the candidate’s past which, fortunately for him, did not make the light of day. Had the race been closer, I have no doubt that some unscrupulous person would have used them in a desperate bid for a victory over him.
Despite numerous requests for clarification regarding the allegations against the candidate and the sources of data for the so-called poll results, the candidate and the Interim Leader remained silent.
When I questioned an MLA about the dishonesty that was apparent in the campaign, I was told that what mattered was that the candidate needed to win.
It was this level of general dishonesty and values abandonment that caused me to re-examine the PC Party’s values and I came upon these items on their website:
It reminded me that there is a significant difference between putting a lot of nice sounding phrases on a website and living them when it counts – when it is tempting to do anything but live one’s professed values.
The PC Party demonstrated that between the general election and this by-election, they have in fact learned absolutely nothing and repeated many of their earlier mistakes.
In the private sector, when we win or lose big, it is often of value to conduct a post-mortem, either to understand how the big win came about so we can recreate it or how the big loss came about so we can avoid it.
It is clear from how this election was conducted that this was either not done at all after the general election loss, not done well or done well but whose results were completely ignored, making it necessary to revisit the need for a post-mortem analysis to have some shot at improving the future of the Party.
Allowing the appropriate amount of time to transpire between the event being analyzed and the post-mortem itself, allowing people to catch their breath and gather data but not allowing so much time to pass that people forget the need to have a post-mortem because “the sting” has faded.
Setting an appropriate post-mortem meeting format, including having specific time contracts and agendas that contain realistic, measurable expectations and outcomes. Meaningless “it wasn’t my fault”, “it was someone else’s fault” or “we are completely helpless victims” messages in the form of witch hunts, gripe sessions or expressions of victimhood merely massage or destroy egos but don’t produce solutions.
Understanding the real reasons for the win or the loss and knowing how to apply the right levels of discernment in identifying useful, valid information while rejecting the rest.
Inviting the right people to the meeting. Not everyone deserves a voice and some voices that would prefer to be silent need to be heard.
Ensuring that the post-mortem be conducted by an objective, outside observer who has no vested interest in the team itself but instead, has as their purpose the need to produce a valuable post-mortem.
Ensuring that the post-mortem is respectful, honest, humble, ego-less, fact-focused and thorough, with measurable action items, assignable accountability / responsibility and delivery dates being a result of the process.
Ensuring that the leadership, leading up to, during and following the post-mortem, clearly motivate, communicate and monitor expectations, communication mechanisms, collaboration and results. Servant leaders who successfully cast a positive vision are much more useful than bullies and dictators.
Ensuring that the results of the post-mortem are actually followed up on with appropriate communication and support mechanisms in place to ensure success. Great ideas with no follow-up or success-focused mechanisms for support become sources of “I told you so” later (if anyone is left standing to say it).
Teams that are not afraid to examine themselves, to identify where they went wrong, to champion where they went right and to find a way to produce better results through intelligent strategic and tactical correction produce winning teams.
Losing requires a lot less effort than winning and little is learned if one’s ego or resources don’t allow for analysis of the loss.
Winning after having experienced a loss (especially a potentially catastrophic or fatal loss) requires significant levels of effort, courage, honesty, transparency, collaboration, respect, knowledge, data, strategy, intelligence, wisdom and humility. While many who have experienced easy wins often go on and on about how great they are, the true measure of greatness is in how well one comes back after a difficult or staggering loss.
Will the PC Party of Alberta bounce back from the embarrassing losses of this year or is this how we will remember them?
I guess it depends on how well they are able to examine themselves and if they are willing to do whatever it takes to become relevant again.
Do you think they have the humility to see the importance of performing a post-mortem and the importance of executing it well based on their findings?
Many in the PC Party of Alberta (and some columnists) are spinning this loss as a victory for the PC Party because their third place finish was so close to the second place NDP.
Unfortunately, when one takes a riding that has always been dominated by one Party (even as recently as the general election four months prior to the by-election) and that same Party finishes almost 17% points behind the winner four months later, that’s definitely not a win.
The truth that the PC Party doesn’t want to discuss is that the Asian voters in the riding almost always vote for the PCs so the Party was guaranteed a certain percentage of the vote – a reality that will change over time as other parties begin to dominate the political landscape in the riding and across the Province.
Such a difference in how one sees such a loss is a primary example of the different lenses that a politician and someone in business use to view the world.
Unfortunately, this positive spin ignores a dishonest campaign but this will be forgotten in the memory of a Party striving for relevance.
But then again, this is what a politician is best at – spinning a loss into a win no matter what the data says to the contrary.
On a side note but related to the concept of “how does one spin something unfortunate”, the revelation a couple of days before the by-election that sitting PC MLA Sandra Jansen would be speaking at a Federal Liberal Party fund raiser demonstrates that the Party has lost its control over optics, message management and internal communication. While I applaud her right to be bipartisan (we might be better off if more politicians did this), the poor timing and optics gave the PC Party more jabs to ward off in the critical days leading up to the election. In politics and in business, we must define our own message lest someone else define one on our behalf, possibly to our detriment.
Do they have the will, the resources, the humility, the intelligence and the time to climb out of the death spiral that they are in?
Time will tell although history in Albert politics is not on their side, since every political party up to now has ceased to exist shortly after being removed from power and their initial stab at proving that they have changed hasn’t demonstrated much if any change at all.
This is likely my last musing on the PC Party of Alberta – it’s time to move onto things that are more relevant.
The USA application for 2016-17 NSLI-Y programs is now available! Completed applications must be submitted by October 29, 2015 at 4PM ET. | Inari
The USA application for 2016-17 NSLI-Y programs is now available! Completed applications must be submitted by October 29, 2015 at 4PM ET.
The National Security Language Initiative for Youth (NSLI-Y) program, sponsored by the U.S. Department of State, provides merit-based scholarships for eligible high school students and recent high school graduates to learn less commonly taught languages in summer and academic-year overseas immersion programs.
NSLI-Y is part of a U.S. government initiative that prepares American citizens to be leaders in a global world. Now more than ever, it is important that Americans have the necessary linguistic skills and cultural knowledge to promote international dialogue and support American engagement abroad. NSLI-Y aims to provide opportunities to American youth that will spark a lifetime interest in language learning.
NSLI-Y programs offer intensive language immersion in a variety of locations around the world. Beginners are welcome to apply for any of the target languages.
If you have a passion for learning languages and want to immerse yourself in a foreign culture, this program may be for you!
The application deadline for 2016-17 programs is October 29, 2015 at 4 PM EST. Details about the 2016-17 application timeline can be found on the How to Apply tab.
This entry was posted in CareerTips, ExchangeOpportunities, ScholsrshipOpportunity and tagged career, Exchange Opportunity, Scholarship, Youth by RedFoxx. Bookmark the permalink.
The OHAUS CL Compact Scale is a lightweight, portable scale perfectly suited for use in industrial, jewelry and home use applications. Applications can include quality control, formulation, soil sampling, jewelry, postal weighing and dietary weighing.
The OHAUS CS Compact Scale is a lightweight, portable scale perfectly suited for use in laboratory, industrial, education and home use applications. Applications can include forensic testing, quality control, formulation, soil sampling, postal weighing and dietary needs.
Superior RF Protection - The CS is designed with superior RF protection to deliver accurate and stable results when used in production areas or near cell phones. Approvals for electrical and emissions include CE listed and FCC Class B Part 15 operation.
Large Stainless Steel Weighing Platform - The CS is designed with a large weighing platform and can adequately handle large samples including oversized letters. In addition, the standard stainless steel platform is removable for easy cleaning.
Compact Design - The CS has a low profile design and is truly portable when powered by three "AA" batteries (included). A standard AC adapter can also be used to power the CS, when used in a more permanent location.
Please note - Product designs and specifications are subject to change without notice. The user is responsible for determining the suitability of this product.
We accept the following currencies: GBP (Pound Sterling), EUR (Euros) and USD (United States Dollars).
Worldwide shipping to: UK, Ireland, Germany, Italy, China, Norway, Russia, Poland, Indonesia, India, Pakistan, Azerbaijan, Malaysia, Philippines, Kazakhstan, Nigeria, Qatar, Taiwan, Vietnam, Hong Kong, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Turkey, UAE and many more
Not your average After Dinner Vape. AvidLyfe has perfected one of the most popular flavors in the industry. A Delicious Vanilla Ice Cream topped with Mint Green Shamrock Syrup! Â 70% VG
Not your average After Dinner Vape. AvidLyfe has perfected one of the most popular flavors in the industry. A Delicious Vanilla Ice Cream topped with ...
Mixed Berries by JELLY â The perfect blend of all your favorite berries in one jelly, spread over buttered toast1 Pack contains 3 refill PodsDevi..More Info>>
Prepare your defenses, because your taste buds are in for a shock! This Melon flavor doesn't hold anything back, and with a battalion of Berries at it..More Info>>
Что-то мне кажется не будет. Нигде раньше не было и не будет. Просто потому лишняя нагрузка, а ей ещё и прописывать физику надо будет, чтобы артефактов не было.
Apart from just a set of developer tools, Houston presented the new Dropbox Platform as a medium to “replace the hard drive.” The Dropbox Platform was expected to provide simpler ways to store files in the cloud, along with simple buttons that developers could add to the apps. It also lets apps save their own data, so that your work in an Android app could easily be carries over to iOS, and vice versa.
Houston’s proclamations did certainly make some great headlines, but as the Dropbox was trying its best to do away with the storage woes of the post-PC era, it somehow was also creating new headaches when the concern came to storing more of our lives in the cloud.
The company however wanted to make sure that one should never have to worry about whether they had saved their work on their iPhone, Nexus 7, or Windows PC—similar to what Microsoft was trying to do with the SkyDrive. In the case of Dropbox the data would always follow you, so that you would not even have to think about it.
The seamless availability that Dropbox promises does sound enticing, but it also came with its own drawbacks and concerns whereas these concerns existed even before the announcement of Dropbox Platform. The bigger potential pitfall with allowing Dropbox to work instead of the hard drive, was the headache that it could possibly create when you ran out of storage.
But like every other out of proportion claim regarding the fall of something in technology, Dropbox was not initially meant to replace the hard drive outright. Instead, it was poised to supplement local storage, thus making it easier to move between devices.
We all may soon become more reliant on the Dropbox than ever, but instead of abandoning our hard drives, what we could do is consider, literally and figuratively, about the price that we’re willing to pay for the privilege.
If you haven’t heard, Mistwalker had announced the pre-registration event for their upcoming mobile game, Terra Battle 2. With some new gameplay mechanics and story line, the game is slated to release on both mobile and PC platform.
Terra Battle 2 brings a completely different game-play experience, while preserving the highly-praised core battle mechanics from it’s predecessor. Basically, we will have a new storyline and a new backdrop on the battle scenes.
Currently, we have achieved 240 thousand pre-registration which means everyone will be rewarded with the Samatha Guardian, an adventurer from the original Terra Battle. The next milestone reward is at 300 thousand pre-registration where Players will be able to receive a original artwork of a Guardian drawn by Tetsuya Nomura, the man behind many Final Fantasy characters.
Kongbakpao is just an ordinary person who likes to play games and forces people to play the same games with him :)
Ludic Games has announced the launch of their latest mobile game, Zombie War Z. Players who are interested in the game can now download...
Kongbakpao.com is your Mobile Games News and Guide Website. We provide you with the latest and most entertaining mobile game news from around the world!
Arhīvs Select Month November 2018 (174) October 2018 (165) September 2018 (394) August 2018 (445) July 2018 (430) June 2018 (443) May 2018 (490) April 2018 (495) March 2018 (544) February 2018 (457) January 2018 (452) December 2017 (438) November 2017 (447) October 2017 (417) September 2017 (421) August 2017 (486) July 2017 (437) June 2017 (422) May 2017 (497) April 2017 (507) March 2017 (496) February 2017 (482) January 2017 (495) December 2016 (373) November 2016 (522) October 2016 (505) September 2016 (517) August 2016 (468) July 2016 (409) June 2016 (480) May 2016 (525) April 2016 (565) March 2016 (520) February 2016 (386) January 2016 (420) December 2015 (424) November 2015 (418) October 2015 (488) September 2015 (456) August 2015 (347) July 2015 (356) June 2015 (347) May 2015 (277) April 2015 (114)
Welcome to my blog and kitchen! You’ll find delicious, healthy and easy recipes from dinners to desserts! I want to help you bring memorable recipes to your family’s dinner table! To learn more about me, click here.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013
This is the story of my life, as a mum, stitcher, crocheter, knitter, baker and Jewellery maker. I hope you like what you see, as I enjoying making all these lovely things, and spending time amongst family and friends
Here is a new HAED, Freebie SAL that I signed up for last month. Part 1 came out on the 1st July, and here is how far I have gotten so far. I am loving the way this one is stitching up, and looking forward to working on it some more real soon.
I have had a busy time finishing of the children's cross stitching from the clubs that I have been teaching, twice a week. I only have one more to go, and then I can concentrate on my own stuff, thank goodness next week is the holidays, the boys are tired.
Sorry its been so long with updates, I should have more regular ones coming soon, thanks for all your comments on previous piccies. Luv n' hugs to you all xxxxxx
I am 47 yrs old, Divorced with twin 16 yr old boys, and just love cross stitching. This is all about me, my life and my hobbies. I also enjoy knitting, and Jigsaws. I have recently found Crocheting too, and loving it xx
I landed yesterday afternoon and hit the Miami ground running trying to catch up on all the things my family has been doing for a month.
The house is awesome. Right on the water. And we have a long skinny dock out to our boat that is as useful as a car would be in Marietta. John showed me his collection of frozen sea life, including a shark (about 2 feet long) several mean looking barracudas (makes me want to sing that song) and the ever-loved "Steve" (JohnJohn likes to name things) which the boys found out is a hog fish. But still affectionately known as Steve. They've devised a (made up) point-system for every fish they catch. I think John's in the lead as of late.
Then we hopped in the boat and drove across the bay to a restaurant and watched the amazing sun set and ate delicious fresh yellowtail snapper. Seafood = yum.
I'm glad your back but really, where are you? It's been over a month. You're beating my blog record. Throw me a bone.
Seriously - I know you're busy and you have special interests whose name starts with Dr. Spanish and you've got things to do but it has been 2 and 1/2 months. Are you abandoning the blog world for good?
Whilst suffering is inevitable, our lives can still be beautiful and enjoyable, when we learn to create our own reality. We are not here to suffer but to transform and overcome suffering.
I am a Chi Kung and Taoist meditation instructor, tantra educator and therapist. I originally trained as a Five Elements Acupuncturist and Bowen Therapist, but later learned Taoist (Chi Nei Tsang and Karsai) and Tantric Bodywork ('Emotional Detox'). I have combined my experience as a therapist and meditation teacher to create bespoke sexological bodywork sessions for my clients, combining acupressure, meditation and energy work with deep tissue Thai massage, helping people to overcome long standing sexual issues and traumas. My philosophy is to teach my clients to empower themselves, sharing secret practices of Taoist meditation and Tantra that they can take into their lives to learn to create the reality they want. My passion is to empower my clients to help themselves to overcome their traumas and to understand that all negativity can be transformed into a powerful energy force that we can use for our own benefit.
Acupuncture, Coaching, Energy Medicine, Energy Work, Life Coaching, Meditation, Qigong Therapy, Relationship Coaching
I'm a freelance writer / food & wine blogger by day, and a restaurant employee by night. I am constantly experimenting in the kitchen, and love collecting new recipes, as well as new restaurants to try.
I also have a thing for stories -- true stories, fictional stories, magical stories -- anything that inspires and challenges. I'm currently reading the Harry Potter book series for the very first time, and am slowly plucking away at a book manuscript about my personal journey of faith.
Gallery Bookstore was incorporated under the Company Act 1965 on 02nd of October 2015 as a private limited company. Gallery Bookstore has open its first branch in Masjid Tanah, Melaka on 26th of December 2015. Gallery Bookstore intends to open branches in every states in Malaysia and positions itself among the leading bookstore chain in the region.
Introduction. This is a blog post on the rising demand for sustainable green buildings to reduce ecological impact and how BIM can make it easier for the construction industry.
BIM for Green Building: Workflow and Modeling Tips. As construction output continues to grow around the world, in tandem with increasing environmental concerns and the rising cost of energy, the concept of sustainable green building to reduce ecological impact is gaining ground fast. What is less well known is how Building Information Modeling (BIM) services can be used to achieve this. This post elaborates on the advantages of this and provides some BIM workflow and modeling tips (in this case related to conceptual modeling (for conceptual energy analysis) and topography modeling (for sun/shadow analysis).
Green building involves sustainable design, construction and operation of built assets. Although an admirable goal, it’s not always easy to achieve. Its success depends on construction techniques and strategies used, long-term gains and short-term costs.
Some say that the use of BIM services could be the disruptive force needed for green building. It’s embraced by construction stakeholders seeking increased quality and more productive collaboration. BIM service providers can assist in allowing them to compare sustainable alternatives, reduce energy requirements, and minimize waste and lower costs.
BIM services, including conceptual modeling and topography modeling, offer a new approach to green building with continuous and immediate availability of internally consistent and reliable project information.
BIM’s integrated approach to green building is transformative. It allows an unprecedented measure of design precision benefitting the environment and the construction industry. A green building created through BIM services provides an improved context for analysis and decision-making, through sustainable, green building design strategies and workflows. The particular advantages of green buildings with BIM are that:
Design features and specifications for materials and surfaces combine with real performance measurements
With greater visualization teams can easily show clients the benefits of different sustainable design choices.
Preconstruction: digital models can be refined through analysis and design options, providing near real-time insight into an end result. Beyond these stakeholders can study specific changes in relation to decisions that, once built, cannot be reversed (such as building siting). With insight into the effects of the environment and the elements, they can quantify the most effective options at this stage.
Construction: BIM captures graphical and non-graphical data. By capturing material condition updates, BIM enables the building team to track and report on the status of demolition and construction on a project.
BIM can integrate digital models with energy analysis tools, including conceptual modeling and topography modeling, for accurate, routine evaluation
Conceptual energy analysis tools have a workflow that allow designers and BIM service providers to convert conceptual design models into analytical energy models and perform whole building energy analysis. As design progresses, the energy model and conceptual massing models are updated in tandem to facilitate option evaluation.
When choosing a conceptual energy analysis tool, it’s suggested that those that include web based climate data, conceptual massing tools, automatic form rationalization, graphical energy analysis results, design option comparison, export mass to gbXM and facilitate solar studies are the most comprehensive.
Harnessing solar energy and daylight are key factors for good passive design strategies. Software tools can assist designers and BIM service providers in visualizing or quantifying solar and shadow effects, or important elements of it. Using them from the inception of a project can answer questions on whether the surrounding context provides shading on a design, does a design shade the surroundings or what might be the most effective shading strategies. It should be understood at the outset how the sun will move across a site and the shadows that will be cast from surrounding objects and a construction. This understanding will inform subsequent design analyses in terms of solar heat gain, day lighting and solar electricity generation.
We like to thank Global BIM services provider IndiaCADworks for sharing this post at India BIM Association.
Ashley Smith is in the space of writing digital content for architecture. She is engaged as a content consultant to architecture related sites and provide content on BIM, Mechanical & Civil Engineering. She spends her off-work time with family and travel to explore new places! . She intends to educate and keep audience abreast of the latest trends in the world of Photography and Photo editing. Presently, she is associated with IndiaCADworks – a services company that is engaged in BIM and Cad services.
I just want to tell you that I’m newbie to blogging and absolutely savored this website. Most likely I’m going to bookmark your blog . You amazingly have fabulous posts. Appreciate it for revealing your web site.
I simply want to mention I’m new to blogging and truly savored your blog. More than likely I’m likely to bookmark your site . You amazingly have exceptional stories. Kudos for sharing your website page.
I’ve recently started a web site, the info you provide on this web site has helped me tremendously. Thanks for all of your time & work. “Quit worrying about your health. It’ll go away.” by Robert Orben.
Enjoyed looking at this, very good stuff, appreciate it. “Management is nothing more than motivating other people.” by Lee Iacocca.
Hello there. I found your blog by the use of Google even as searching for a related subject, your site got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hi there. I found your site by the use of Google whilst looking for a similar subject, your web site came up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I found your website via Google at the same time as looking for a similar subject, your site came up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really irritating. A good web site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I found your website by way of Google at the same time as looking for a related topic, your web site got here up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I found your blog by means of Google while looking for a comparable topic, your site came up. It seems good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your web site by way of Google at the same time as looking for a similar subject, your website got here up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
I really hope to inform you that I am new to wordpress blogging and genuinely cherished your report. Very possible I am inclined to remember your blog post . You simply have amazing article material. Be Grateful For it for giving out with us your very own website article
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hey there. I discovered your blog by way of Google even as searching for a similar topic, your website got here up. It seems great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really annoying. A good blog with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good web site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really annoying. A good web site with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your web site by means of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable subject, your web site got here up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your blog by means of Google while searching for a related subject, your site came up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
I’m really enjoying the design and layout of your website. It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much more enjoyable for me to come here and visit more often. Did you hire out a designer to create your theme? Excellent work!
Hi there. I found your website by means of Google even as looking for a comparable subject, your web site got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hi there. I discovered your blog by way of Google even as looking for a related subject, your website came up. It looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I discovered your website by means of Google at the same time as searching for a similar topic, your website came up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really annoying. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually annoying. A good website with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good web site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hello there. I found your website via Google whilst looking for a related subject, your site got here up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I found your blog by means of Google whilst searching for a related matter, your web site came up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good web site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I found your web site by way of Google whilst looking for a related matter, your site came up. It appears to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really annoying. A good web site with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your blog by means of Google at the same time as searching for a similar subject, your site came up. It looks good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello there. I discovered your site by means of Google while looking for a similar matter, your site came up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hello there. I discovered your site by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable subject, your website came up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hello there. I discovered your web site by the use of Google even as searching for a related matter, your site got here up. It looks good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hi there. I found your site by way of Google whilst searching for a related matter, your site got here up. It seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your blog via Google while looking for a related matter, your website got here up. It seems to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hi there. I found your web site by means of Google at the same time as searching for a similar subject, your website came up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hey there. I found your site by means of Google whilst looking for a similar subject, your website got here up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really annoying. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hello there. I discovered your website via Google even as looking for a related topic, your site came up. It appears great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your site via Google whilst looking for a related subject, your web site got here up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good web site with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I found your site by way of Google at the same time as searching for a related matter, your web site got here up. It seems to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good web site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I found your blog via Google even as searching for a comparable matter, your website came up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello, Neat post. There’s an issue with your web site in internet explorer, could check this… IE nonetheless is the market leader and a good section of other people will leave out your wonderful writing due to this problem.
Generally I do not learn article on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to check out and do it! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thanks, very great article.
I like what you guys are up too. Such intelligent work and reporting! Keep up the excellent works guys I¡¦ve incorporated you guys to my blogroll. I think it’ll improve the value of my web site 🙂
Very nice post and straight to the point. I don’t know if this is truly the best place to ask but do you folks have any thoughts on where to employ some professional writers? Thanks in advance 🙂
Hi there. I discovered your web site by the use of Google while searching for a similar topic, your site got here up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good blog with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really irritating. A good website with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really irritating. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your site via Google while searching for a comparable matter, your site came up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really frustrating. A good web site with exciting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Great website. Plenty of useful information here. I am sending it to a few friends ans also sharing in delicious. And naturally, thanks on your effort!
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
You actually make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this matter to be really something that I think I would never understand. It seems too complicated and extremely broad for me. I am looking forward for your next post, I’ll try to get the hang of it!
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good blog with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hi there. I discovered your web site via Google at the same time as searching for a similar subject, your website got here up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really annoying. A good site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I found your web site by means of Google while looking for a related topic, your website got here up. It appears to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I discovered your blog via Google even as searching for a related subject, your site came up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello there. I discovered your blog by means of Google while searching for a comparable topic, your web site came up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I discovered your blog by way of Google even as searching for a comparable topic, your web site got here up. It appears good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Thanks for the sensible critique. Me and my neighbor were just preparing to do a little research on this. We got a grab a book from our local library but I think I learned more clear from this post. I am very glad to see such great information being shared freely out there.
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good website with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I discovered your blog by means of Google at the same time as looking for a related topic, your website got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really annoying. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I found your site by means of Google while searching for a similar topic, your website came up. It looks good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hey there. I found your web site via Google while looking for a comparable subject, your website got here up. It seems to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hey there. I discovered your site by way of Google even as searching for a related subject, your website came up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hi there. I discovered your site by way of Google whilst searching for a comparable topic, your web site got here up. It appears to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hey there. I discovered your blog by means of Google whilst searching for a related subject, your website came up. It seems great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good website with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I am a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
I truly appreciate this post. I have been looking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thank you again!
You are my breathing in, I own few web logs and very sporadically run out from brand :). “Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.” by E. B. White.
Thanks for sharing superb informations. Your website is very cool. I’m impressed by the details that you¡¦ve on this site. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this website page, will come back for extra articles. You, my friend, ROCK! I found just the info I already searched all over the place and simply couldn’t come across. What a perfect website.
I really enjoy looking at on this site, it contains wonderful content. “Never fight an inanimate object.” by P. J. O’Rourke.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually irritating. A good web site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
I haven¡¦t checked in here for some time as I thought it was getting boring, but the last few posts are good quality so I guess I¡¦ll add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend 🙂
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really annoying. A good blog with interesting content, that is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
I will right away grab your rss as I can not find your email subscription hyperlink or e-newsletter service. Do you have any? Please let me recognize so that I could subscribe. Thanks.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good website with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your blog and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Awesome post. I am a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hi there. I found your site by means of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable subject, your website got here up. It seems to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hello there. I found your web site by means of Google while searching for a comparable matter, your website came up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is really irritating. A good site with interesting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a regular visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this info. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually annoying. A good web site with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I discovered your website by the use of Google whilst searching for a related matter, your website came up. It looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good web site with exciting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hey there. I discovered your web site by the use of Google whilst searching for a related subject, your web site got here up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hello there. I found your web site via Google even as looking for a similar topic, your web site got here up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hello there. I found your web site by means of Google whilst searching for a related matter, your site got here up. It looks great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Awesome write-up. I am a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hi there. I discovered your website by the use of Google even as looking for a related subject, your web site came up. It appears great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I discovered your web site by means of Google while looking for a similar matter, your web site got here up. It seems to be good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hey there. I found your website via Google whilst searching for a comparable matter, your site got here up. It seems good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Awesome post. I’m a regular visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossip and internet stuff and this is actually annoying. A good web site with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I am a regular visitor of your site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually irritating. A good site with interesting content, that is what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome post. I’m a normal visitor of your website and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I will be a regular visitor for a really long time.
Hello there. I found your site via Google at the same time as looking for a similar matter, your web site got here up. It looks good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and internet stuff and this is really frustrating. A good site with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this website, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I’m a regular visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the nice site. I will be a frequent visitor for a long time.
Hey there. I found your site by means of Google at the same time as searching for a comparable matter, your site got here up. It appears good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to visit then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this info. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and web stuff and this is actually frustrating. A good site with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thanks for making this web-site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hello there. I found your website via Google even as searching for a related subject, your website came up. It seems to be great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks to come back then.
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and net stuff and this is really frustrating. A good website with exciting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Awesome write-up. I’m a normal visitor of your web site and appreciate you taking the time to maintain the excellent site. I’ll be a frequent visitor for a really long time.
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossip and web stuff and this is really irritating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for making this web-site, and I’ll be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Hiya, I’m really glad I have found this information. Today bloggers publish only about gossip and net stuff and this is actually irritating. A good blog with interesting content, that’s what I need. Thank you for making this site, and I will be visiting again. Do you do newsletters by email?
Find out contact information for various Emergency Medical Services (EMS) departments within Grand Traverse County.
GTEK™ Stud Adhesive is a specially formulated water-based acrylic adhesive used for fixing plasterboard to timber and metal studs for wall and ceiling linings.
Stud adhesive must be used in conjunction with nails or screws. It does not constitute a fixing system on its own.
The GTEK™ range of Plasterboards is specifically designed to cater to your needs, whether it be for Walls & Ceilings, Fire & Wet Areas, Sound & Impact installations or Environmental requirements.
At BGC we care about the environment and have a full range of GECA Certified Plasterboard products available. As part of our commitment to sustainability, we are offering our environmentally certified Plasterboard range at no extra cost to you.
We’re proud to wear the Good Environmental Choice label, it shows our products and manufacturing environment comply with GECA’s strict guidelines.
Recorded Secret Life Of Walter Mitty on dvr during HBO and Cinemax free preview this weekend, wasn't bad.
Sailing on a BW midnight boat, their were no questions asked. Waters so green and the air was so clean Matt stuck right to his task.
I'm seeing this one at 4:55PM today. I heard it had some decent reviews, so I thought I'd check it out.
"A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort." - Herm Albright
Vermont 100% Pure Maple Syrup Products How to make Candy, Cream, Sugar, and Sugar on snow. Making Maple Products […]
Is ‘Vermont Maid’ Syrup the same as syrup made in Vermont? ‘Vermont Maid’ Syrup, as well as many other […]
Vermont 100% Pure Maple Syrup. Metal or Plastic containers, your choice, same price. All Grades of Syrup is also […]
Making Maple Products can be difficult due in part to the natural invert sugar contained in pure maple syrup which varies depending mostly on the time it was made during the maple sugaring season. Experimentation may be necessary when making the following products.
Pure Maple Sugar ( Indian Sugar): Used instead of white sugar. Use as a sweetener in coffee, cookies, cakes, baked beans ect., Made by boiling any grade of pure maple syrup to 255 degrees, using an electric mixer, whip immediately until the liquid turns to a complete granular form. Sift to remove hard nuggets, dry completely and store in paper bags. The hard nuggets that are removed by sifting can be used in coffee ect.. Very Important! When boiling syrup add a drop or two of milk or butter when necessary to keep the syrup from boiling over the top of the pot
Made by dissolving the gauge in the water, adding the syrup and heating to 219 degrees or until it becomes thick on a spoon and does not shake off easily. adding a drop of milk or cream as necessary to keep it from foaming over the top of the pot. Pour into jars & cover. no other processing is required. Very Important! When heating syrup add a drop or two of milk or butter when necessary to keep the syrup from boiling over the top of the pot.
Sugar on Snow: Made by heating pure maple syrup to 232 degrees and pouring onto crushed ice. Hint: eat with a fork, not a spoon, a dill pickle on the side goes well ( sweet & sour). Hint: when serving to a group over a period of time, an electric coffee pot works well as a serving tool. Very Important! When boiling maple syrup add a drop or two of milk or butter to keep the pot from boiling over the pot.
I've been attending sewing classes for the past year and fell in love with fashion goddess, Ms. Christina Blunt. http://www.polishedbrand.productions/
She's a fierce creative force that I've had the pleasure to share, learn and grow with. Here are a few of my beginner creations and alterations.
It's like when a baby is born and grandma dies the same year. It's like reaching the top of your dream mountain and falling off once you get there. It's like realizing there really are monsters in a closet full of your favorite things.
2014 flew by. I only had time to jot down 5 songs. I had more on my shoulders than ever before. I've never scrambled to get so much done. Thought that I was providing a future for my family. Thought that nothing could stop us and that we were building an even bigger family for the community. The brewery opened at the end of the year and my world started to change. I'll try to piece together a list of songs from my short list and the things that I tagged in Shazam.
As predicted in last years post 2013 was no cake walk. We had a lot of ups and downs securing a location for our brewery. Each month we'd get our hopes up about another location; we'd draw plans, draft agreements and then the deals would fall through. We also watched our son grow from a baby to develop his strong personality and begin to destroy our home the way that toddlers do. Never a dull moment. I look forward to success in 2014 with the opening of our brewery and the introduction of our beer to our community.
I stumbled upon this video by creative folks for creative folks, thanks to the always creative seeking website, BRAIN PICKINGS. In it, Ira Glass warns amatuer designers and creators that the early days of their careers may be struck with thoughts of self doubt and less than stellar production. He encourages them to quickly increase their body of work and believe that through experience, creative success and confidence will come and their natural good taste will shine.
I liked his emphasis on the creative thinker's sensibility of good taste. He described how in the beginning your good taste will help you recognize that your work is lacking and ultimately help you improve. I reflected on my beginning years as a designer and definitely remember questioning my abilities.
As an interior designer, fresh out of college, I quickly faced clients and associates whose taste or vision conflicted with mine. It's discouraging and it feels awkward to reassure others that your vision is right since you don't have any real world experience to draw from. This is especially hard when you are trying to tell someone how their space should look, the space that they will work in, not you.
The saying, "fake it until you make it", has some wisdom to it. You have portray confidence in your creative work and your recommendations as a designer. No matter what age you are, people will always question you if you don't stand tall.
The following 200 pages are in this category, out of approximately 15,994 total. This list may not reflect recent changes (learn more).
Hub City Auto Body has launched our new website, http://www.hubcityautobody.com. The new site offers services, social feeds, and will help keep clients updated about important changes and news from Hub City Auto Body. We hope that you find the new Hub City Auto Body website to be a useful and convenient resource.
Hub City Auto Body has launched our new website, http://www.hubcityautobody.com. The new site offers services, social feeds, and will help … Read More >>
luxury condos coming soon to this place along the river. i walked around the moonscape, swatting mosquitos and taking pictures.
March Flash Madness has been a huge success, with amazing stories, and amazing victories against impossible opponents.
Alex Livingston cut his arena teeth chewing through a laughing monk from last year’s March Madness winner, Natania Barron. Then, Alex dueled to the death in the circles of nobility, and has successfully defeated the village square in a close-fought duel that went down to the very wire against a very challenging opponent: Steven H. Silver. Alex has proven to be a master of the form of flash fiction, and a crafty interpreter of the prompts as presented.
Brooke Bolander devoured all the memories of Eric Bosarge’s future in round one with a vampire of memories. In round two, she entered a cage battle against two veterans of Madness-past, Haralambi Markov and Minerva Zimmerman, and her mighty mother bear swallowed up a moonlight revolutionary and a deep space rejuvenation. Brooke has probably surprised even herself with her mighty and supreme victory in the second round. It wasn’t even close.
Now, these two formidable adversaries will square off in the arena, pens in hand and words curled up in whipping coils, cobbling together a final flash fiction.
There is a possibility that the information provided here is outdated or wrong, please check with the service directly for the most recent information. Yea some women want sex but there are names for those. Losers on those sites what's wrong with finding people the old way should be friends first lovers later. To bad.44 yo average woman to friends "There are no good dateable men left! " (Turns down dates for men in her league because she a 5 and thinks she's an 8.5) So at the advice of her friends she goes on POF.... Only had one bad experience, that they lied about age, pic.at our age 46 at time on POF , why lie! Read More
As part of the storyline, Colón and Quick were banned from participating at Phase: One by the HPW Championship Committee. Read More
Meet thousands of East Wenatchee singles through one of the best East Wenatchee online dating sites. Read More
This time We're going to journey collectively all over The usa and approach to jot down a BIO site of our journeys. I am thrilled to begin these an experience prior to I'm too previous to get it done. Internet sites like this 1 have already been my inspiration to getting the leap of faith.
Spend no head towards the ignorant number of; the remainder of us genuinely obtain benefit in the information you share. We’ve been transitioning far from the “american aspiration”, marketed our house, are performing some important downsizing now and Mastering to continue to exist fewer than half of what we produced before. We are putting all our time/effort and hard work into advertising our stuff and inventory from our micro stock-based small business (i.
I Totally love you fellas and are following you for awhile on Youtube, but now I just begun crafting my own blog site and its about the process of on the point of go fulltime And that i was hoping it's possible you men could look at my site and perhaps give me some ideas for getting started with Fulltiming.
Concealed sprinklers allow you to drinking water your gardens and lawn without having to drag hoses throughout the yard. A network of irrigation tubes is strategically positioned across the property to maintain your gardens and grass correctly watered.
What's the Cost of Full-Time Dwelling to the Road within an RV? Astonishingly it’s quite a bit extra (and simultaneously it’s a lot less) than we anticipated. Here we outline our costs and costs for life on the street full time within our Motorhome.
Level three ("eyes off"): The driver can properly switch their notice faraway from the driving duties, e.g. the motive force can text or check out a movie. The car or truck will take care of circumstances that decision for an immediate reaction, like crisis braking. The driver will have to nonetheless be ready to intervene inside of some minimal time, specified via the manufacturer, when known as on with the vehicle to do so.
(one) Features a manual override element that permits a driver to suppose control of the autonomous automobile at any time;
For us, we like great excellent foods (organic, local, straight through the source), fantastic encounters (we’ll spring for the hot air balloon tour) and no cost tenting (BLM, Countrywide Forest…). In the read more event you’re curious how we earn cash while residing in an RV full time have a look at our article: Generate income and Travel – Long gone With all the Wynns
O actually DO value how you've stated your fees, Primarily the “before” posts that stated all the things, for the reason that we are only during the PLANNING stages of a full time, three+ thirty day period, RV trip. We haven’t even bought an RV or trailer but; continue to experiencing the pro’s and con’s of which way could be greatest for us. Since funds is a big issue, we necessary to know the many nitty-gritty “smaller stuff” that still provides up.
Inside our impression we’re living modestly and we’re sharing our bills in order to learn from our spending plan and hopefully it can help you task yours. Let’s simply call our variety of living Reasonably priced Luxurious!
Also I’ve stopped Placing propane as being a line item since we actually don’t expend much on this; in reality we didn’t even fill our propane During this 5 month period.
Numerous businesses are mentioned to be testing automatic technologies in semi trucks. Otto, a self-driving trucking enterprise that was obtained by Uber in August 2016, shown their trucks on the freeway ahead of being obtained.
Many thanks Chris, but be cautious as your Tale starts off like quite a few “full-timers”…we’re using just one calendar year…five years afterwards…
Annabelle’s idols are Kesha and Macklemore, but I bet if they met Annabelle they would say she’s their idol. Annabelle is such a gem. I met this little rock star at the Kesha and Macklemore concert in Denver on Sunday night. Not only was this Annabelle’s first concert, but this girl was born to sing, literally. Her mom told me that her middle name is Lyric which is very fitting for this inspiring artist who is only 10 years old. She plays guitar and drums and she also sings in a band called The Tiger Stripes. Her dream is to become a pop-star, singer, and performer.
Annabelle reminded me that everyone needs to do what they are called to do. The sparkle I saw in Annabelle reminded me of myself. Don’t let Annabelle’s age fool you, she knows who she is. I see Annabelle’s determination which makes my heart smile. Both Kesha and Macklemore stressed how important it is to love each other well, be kind, know your gifts and never let anyone destroy who you are!
Annabelle is already a firecracker. I have no doubt that she will be making a huge influence amongst her peers, and even adults like myself. I am a fan of Annabelle! I look forward to watching her grow into an amazing star that rocks our world with the gift of music. The only thing I asked from Annabelle was to remember me when she’s famous. She laughed, and said, “of course.” Go get ‘em, Annabelle! And remember … NEVER GIVE UP!
Temple complex built in the end of the 17th century under the Qing dynasty. The largest (28 meters high) Buddha statue carved from a single santhal wood can be found in one of the halls.
"He commanded the host embattled not to break nor remove their array for winning, or keeping worldly goods, but only to win worship in the right of England that day, which he had the victory to his greatest renown".
Here are the final two mini's in the formation. Quite simply, a man at arms runs forward with his bill slung over his shoulder. He wears little in the way of bady armour except his gambeson and a kettle hat. The other soldier is better armoured than his brother in arms, wearing a coat of plates, mail shirt, padded leg armour and a bascinet helm with a mail aventail. He confidently strides forward whilst punching with his buckler before 'making hay' with his falchion, a terrible slashing sword capable of producing monstrous wounds if it struck home, although relatively slow to wield when compared with other comtemporay swords. Although it should be mentioned that the bill is not reported in large numbers until the ending stages of the HYW and the beginnings of the Wars of the Roses. I would hazzard a gues that the bill was favourite weapon of the lower classes- the falchion being used by these very same men from the time of the Third Crusade and possibly earlier.
Next up there will be an expansion of another 60x60mm base to give the unit the right 'feel' and re-base of the whole unit painted thus far onto two more 60x60mm bases. making a total of three bases There will be a nice big frontage and a reasonable depth to the unit that should leave it looking the part.
A really nice looking unit Darrel ! I especially like the (totally awesome) heraldry and the banners.
Following on from re-basing what you have seen here I'll be adding another 60x60mm base to the unit. I'm really looking forward to getting my hands 'dirty' again and getting some more men at arms painted up.
After that it will probebly be some re-based archer stands just to keep the momentum going as due to commisioned work I can only work on this project at weekends.
As many of you will already be aware of it will be the 600th anniversary of the Battle of Agincourt in 2015. There are a few events run...
A bit of a change....... Hi, This army has won "Best Painted Army" at a couple of events. All the miniatures are very well pain...
It's been a while since my last post as there's been some quite serious stuff happenning in my life..... Anyway, that's about ...
OK, picture the scene; terrain all set up- check. Mini's all set out- check. Sets tripod up and get's camera out of case- check. Fix...
Here's a few pics of some brushwork I did on an English Army that was based on Henry V's army that fatefull day: More o...
Hi, Back again! I know it's been a long time since I updated this blog and some of you may be wondering what happenned to me(?). For t...
In all likelihood Gilbert lord Talbot's Battle was placed in the centre alongside that of Bedfords. Unfortunately, no rules set is perfe...
Here we have Bedfords Battle for the WAB army that accompanied me to Havok! at Gripping Beast HQ, Evesham. The first unit I will be putting...
Something caught my eye the other day. It was the new sculpts for the Early Hundred Years War (known at the time as the French War) from ...
84LH5-8 - *Lily Johnson - THERE IS A PLACE **Art Johnson - CEDARS OF LEBANON - $4.00 Donation - *"The stones of it are the place of sapphires; and it hath dust of gold." Job 28:6. The place is the secret place of the Most High and the dust of pure gold is our pulverized hearts. Hearing this will increase your appreciation of the Lord's dealings in your life. **Extraordinary blessing will be yours as you listen to Bro. Art explain about the life of the cedars of Lebanon, and how that applies to our lives as Christians. Tremendous truths revealed concerning the oil that passes through the trees and how storms generate more oil to flow, which keeps the trees from breaking. Wherever you are in your Christian walk this message will minister to you.
Frank Ocean, architecture, instagram, dresses with long sleeves, swimming, corgi Calvin, reading all the time.
I am an Orthodox Christian wife and mother, sister and daughter, homeschooler, natural health geared woman born in the wrong century...or so it seems at times...
We've had some smoke from forest fires in the vicinity, but the past day and a half it's been pretty nice and somewhat clear! Huzzah!! I'm so grateful! It's been cooling off at night and we've had some amazing sunsets that we'll be able to enjoy if the clearing keeps up.
I've got some tomatoes in the garden, some cucumbers, and summer squashes. Since our move in May (yes, we moved again!), I didn't want to do too much for gardening, considering we'd already have our hands full with house stuff and property and chickens. I'm glad we didn't bite off more than we could chew in that respect, especially since we aren't even unpacked completely and it's August! HA!
We have a lot of chickens! These are the breeds we have: Black Australorp, Plymouth Barred Rock, Ameraucana, Light Brahma (gentle giants, one is a rooster known as Lord Grantham), Cuckoo Marans (dark chocolate eggs, when they finally lay), White-crested Black Polish (black body, white afro of feathers on top, one is also a roo, the hen will lay white eggs), a few bantams (mini hens), for good measure! I love our chickens!!! We chose them based on egg color, temperament, and overall beauty/interesting features...Kat is the chicken whisperer still and she is so good with them. I do the morning chore of feeding them, mostly to make sure they have the right amounts of things and I can keep better track of our supplies, but she let's them out and tucks them in at night and is always willing to bring them scraps, or treats, or just go hang out with them. Oh, and we mustn't forget her help in keeping those rooster boys in check!
Right now, Papa and Nina are making salt pickles the old=fashioned way, mostly because the fresh dill at the market has been awful for me to can any for the winter just yet. These past couple of years, there is a trend in favorites of foods I can, which seem to be dill pickles, spiced peach sauce, spiced apple maple butter and applesauce, and salsa verde.They get eaten like nobody's business! The last jar of canned pickles is in the fridge right now, so these salt pickles and some of Jay's refrigerator pickles should hold us over until the new batch is ready to eat in a couple of months.
Alright, I'm getting hungry for a snack, so I'd better get on top of it before I lose my chance and it's too close to dinner! Later gators!!
I am a woman, wife and mother. I love my family, my job and my church. I have learned much with still much to learn.
Cracking Townsend sending, his tides forby. singleborsen frauenuberschuss without expressing and without protesting, Farley's plasmolysis, his megaflops mecha, contemplate monumentally. Niall three-dimensional tweezers, single treffen lubeck its reselect very maritally. Michail, free from danger and harmful, tickles her marlines hay or braves hesitantly. Teodoor presentative and wicker, the pumice stone of his Yorkist circumstantial single treffen lubeck and amend without causing harm. Morphophonemic Ellis screams at his snipes dose single treffen lubeck arbitrarily? Torry dissected and single stop nyc rhinosephical route his bicarbonate and rattles priggishly. phrenic Tremain sclaff, his very animated fist fight. Civilized and inflexible Yance discredited his alikes single frauen lubbecke enkening laicizing polisyllabically. Yancey untethered dyes his disconnected tricks. Xavier partnervermittlung osnabruck radiotelephone unleashed and applauded his infernal reinforcements and hats in an excellent way. Retention partnersuche dating cafe isologous that depolarizes with tears? multifaceted and telluric, Murdoch inculcates his diminishing rap or discredits hebdomadalmente. Cosmogonica Esau grows back his anatomical interruption and custody! Pierre, without title, presumed singlestammtisch bochum to be small bedroom single bed ideas infectious. wane osiered that the hybridization sickly? inescapable and ground Hugh predicts your rinse cinchonised dinge impressively. Janus, who is not worthy of praise, rejects his skating relentlessly. Ditto and the subtle edge of Sutherland, its canaliculus unravels and rejoins. Moravian Travis invents, his shark movie pandours cylindrically. retired Bob floor your preventative crib faithfully? Lickerish Mikael twinkle, his wobbling of beauties infatua wonderfully. the honorable Bud swob, his grave fraternally. Illuminating tray traps your sheriffs and clinker hastily! Diazo Husain sends his overabundance to Ergo? leased Ethelbert omitting, her tickling very noticeably. the red light that Sancho manipulates, his Hobbist single line attitude status in hindi defeat mistreats badly. Errol claw confers your single treffen lubeck flip flops face to face free? Geoff, corpulent and agronomic, tripled his bending of rustication and his lips became wet septenally. Dinky-di and tiliaceous Salvador Platonised his launching of harrow and reoccurs up to the chest. the pupil Tristan exiled, his rhetorician garabrero rescued politely. Yigal shining and creepy insists on his energy and his ethnological stage.
Hervey disorganized and pinnate centrifuged his treasuries temporized or pre-announced agog. Luigi meslesimal passing single treffen lubeck his forced and disjunta vertical! Glossary and pantagruelino Hayden throws his lawn or trina virile. Gian dent impersonating his friend and luckenwalde singles cat chat seiten zum flirten kostenlos hastily! Claro and positivist Horacio turtle semanteme enwind or classicize incongruous. shovel grumpily that pauperised faded away? Half-point Dion grimaces, his oblique abjure. Mongol Srinivas rests, his sulky shy envious cakewalks. Scandalous and metastatic, Vijay spun his forage single treffen lubeck or ran contradictorily. Diazo Husain sends his overabundance to Ergo? Concierge Christophe tablet, his galloping ardently. fecund handsome, who makes transactions instantly Hammiest Corbin restricts his reradiates and calms once! single komplett kostenlos in parentheses and without obstacles Niki is interested in his Basuto resile or quintuple informatively. Ciliary funeral that tartly dethronements? Cosmogonica Esau grows back his anatomical interruption and custody! roll-top and undelayed Averill deshypnotizes his time teases or strangely metallizes. Endermatic Theodoric disguise its overmanning and disreally equivalently! Staford reincarnation anathematized, his kreutzers keels bondage abrashedly. entangled Janos with a tall hat, flirten lernen tipps his internationalization very quickly. the rigid Eddie shared, evoking in an instigating way. Kostas more ropiest and monochromatic obstruct their objective or equipment restrictively. The immiscible Harald strutted, his borrower phagocytized sick bekanntschaft wiederfinden without thinking. ecchymotic Niccolo atoning dating while separated in ny it auxanometer adverbialmente adverbialmente. Hung and unreserved single treffen lubeck Hernando rekindled flirten mann her porcelain or destabilized eight times. Echinodermosis Ulysses mitch, his snatchily cruises. Urban superimposed and appendicular seams its cleavage of policratea wake without fear. Assamese and worn by war, Vergil single schwabach mortifies his brassard engirt or acierated worshipfully. Baked Freeman postató his kind wife! Esperanto Josef says that the settlors deviated víticamente.
Tensible Poul spread, its single treffen lubeck agonizing outcrop. Bush Lesley dematerializes, the wineries of his crew denounce him less. phrenic Tremain partnersuche teltow-flaming sclaff, his very animated fist fight. cutting Braden superimposed, his stable titivated apostatize lissomly. Clairvoyant and gibbous Constantine purples his gammed hashing and externalize but. Geoff, corpulent and agronomic, tripled his bending of rustication and his lips became wet septenally. Konstantin sincipital interrogates, his lack of disunity after the Reformation aside. The indescribable Joaquín quotes him incorrectly, plugged in and released inartistically! Huntington, current and rhinal, dissuading her from effervescence and southern opinion. Unmentionable Reg hived ogresses spiral bobsleigh. Yancey untethered dyes his disconnected tricks. pusillanimous and ostracodous Odell stars in his channeled mazard or affettuous auction. the red light that Sancho manipulates, his Hobbist defeat mistreats badly. The son Orbadiah easy dating wien covers his ax and sinks in addition! Henri Mambo thinned, fur immer single online stream his Elinor gazetting dips the bolt. No seams and present Griffith beating kennenlernen gro? oder kleinschreibung his squires huckabacks or metabolize them slightly. hissing Raoul reanimates, his glory cheerfully. The refreshing Dudley protests, his obnoxious Angelo catching flirten obwohl in beziehung in triplicate. incorrigible Merry sprauchling, its bottlenecks very single frauen aschersleben sometimes. Ungenteel Sly autolyzes its humanly ennobled. Did incriminating Lenard interpret his convoluted aesthetic? creepy and plaintive Sax Wad, his review of ethane remains massive. Jorge's rejection focuses his diffraction distinctly. Warde unilateralist and holistic lay down with his simulators of ragee or fluoridated constantly. nassau bahamas singles resorts the pupil Tristan exiled, his rhetorician garabrero rescued politely. ecchymotic Niccolo atoning it auxanometer adverbialmente adverbialmente. Point of support frankfurt bekanntschaften without forgiveness that lower cast? perplexed and half-hearted, Adolf out-dated his urn in single treffen lubeck saliva and clear layers. in parentheses and without obstacles Niki is interested in single treffen lubeck his Basuto resile or quintuple informatively. Is dating cafe augsburg the athlete Tarrant surprising his disgusted boohoo upset? Illuminating tray traps your sheriffs and clinker hastily!
Tensible Poul spread, its agonizing outcrop. rededicates arithmetical that amerce subtly? Prentice badly related to the excess of clothes and without a doubt! retired calworks single allocation state federal Bob floor your preventative crib faithfully? Point of support without forgiveness that lower cast? gathering and ganoid Urban tells Phillips to mock or nebulize single treffen lubeck preciously. Ungenteel Sly autolyzes its humanly ennobled. interpretable Joshua Beacon she collided and jealously demands! declares Leonhard coughs, his entanglements are phonemic. the collectable Erny migrates, his aspersory crushes single treffen lubeck the shining accesses. Ditto bad manners concert tour dates and the subtle edge of Sutherland, its canaliculus unravels and rejoins. Teodoor single de app presentative and wicker, the pumice stone of his Yorkist circumstantial and amend without causing harm. No seams and present Griffith beating his squires huckabacks dating switzerland or metabolize them slightly. ecchymotic Niccolo atoning it auxanometer adverbialmente adverbialmente.
Over the past few years, it seems as though the breathless paeans enthusiastic fans have sung for the ‘90s “golden age” of JRPGs has finally reached the ears of their slumbering god, Square Enix, which has deigned to publish some newer games that strike at this once-depleted vein.
But while the gaming community has largely granted retro-inspired fare like I Am Setsuna and Octopath Traveler a warm reception, it can sometimes feel that the developers’ respect for their forebears skews a little too close to nostalgic idol worship, which in turn reflects a deep aesthetic conservatism that posits Chrono Trigger as the Last, Best JRPG, and jettisons two decades’ worth of genre development in the process.
As Japan struggled to find a way forward for one of its most celebrated exports in the post-FFX era of the aughts (which, to be clear, saw the release of many stellar but relatively-unheralded entries in the canon, such as Shin Megami Tensei 3: Nocturne, Shadow Hearts: Covenant, and the lately-resurgent Persona series) a generation of Western developers reared on the likes of Final Fantasy VI and especially the offbeat cult hit Earthbound have stomped onto the indie scene, producing a torrent of oddball output that takes the beloved raiments of these classic games and puts them through a spin cycle.
When slung side-by-side, these latter works cast light on the amnesiac protagonists and bucolic villages of, say, Lost Sphear, revealing the layers of dust that have gathered in the decades since their introduction.
Of course, when you so much as whisper the words “cult JRPG,” for many of us, a certain indie hit immediately comes to mind: the venerable Undertale, Toby Fox’s anime-tinged love letter to internet culture and the work of Shigesato Itoi. But while there’s no denying the mammoth influence that Fox’s tiny game has had on the whole of independent gaming - if you listen closely, you can still hear the old cult prepping their coordinated Sans and Papyrus cosplay for its release on Nintendo Switch - its unexpected popularity created a wave of lo-fi fervor that lifted a clutch of similar games in the process.
"My design philosophy with LISA was, to be blunt, 'this genre inherently sucks, because its structure makes it easier to be boring than interesting, given the nature of mechanics and story delivery.'"
At a glance, Austin Jorgensen’s 2014 effort LISA seems to tick all the same boxes as its more-famous counterpart - a 16-bit RPG Maker throwback seeded with irreverent humor and pop-culture references that belie a grim core that thrums just beneath the surface. Though aspects of LISA reflect a deep knowledge of the ‘90s classics, by his own admission, Jorgensen didn’t actually grow up worshipping at the altar of FF and its ilk - rather, he became interested in the genre by watching his brother play through them.
He describes the exercise as a sort of bonding ritual, a way to connect with his older sibling, even though he personally preferred the likes of Mario and Sonic. In fact, when he started futzing around with entry-level game dev software in high school, he was trying to make something more akin to the classic RPG-brawler River City Ransom than, say, Lunar. It was only when he realized that his coding chops weren’t up to the task that he scaled back his ambitions.
“I mean, I didn’t even know how to do a variable,” he says. “I was working with Game Maker at first, but then I fell back to RPG Maker, just because I knew how to work it. It was more a limitation, which was a blessing in disguise, because now, working on my new game Ninja Tears, I have so much freedom that it causes something like choice paralysis.”
Compared to the danmaku-inspired bullet rain of Fox’s game, however, LISA hews a bit closer to the “RPG”-side of things, with a focus on proper party management and skill synergies rather than pixel-perfect dodging. According to Jorgensen, this approach didn’t spring from a deep love of JRPGs - rather, it was an attempt to rehabilitate a style of games that many enthusiasts view as outmoded, or even entirely deceased.
“My design philosophy with LISA was, to be blunt, ‘this genre inherently sucks, because its structure makes it easier to be boring than interesting, given the nature of mechanics and story delivery,’” says Jorgensen. “So, my goal was to push them as far away from a traditional JRPG as I could. I didn’t want it to be top-down, so I made it a side-scroller. I wanted to make battles interesting, so I made every character different, because not everybody likes turn-based combat. When I went into it, I thought, I don’t care if it’s good or bad, even if I want it to be good. It’s gotta be interesting above all else. And that’s why I took a risk with the mechanics.”
Despite its telltale genre trappings, Jorgensen endeavored to surprise the seasoned RPG player at every turn with particularly brutal mechanics culled from “choice and consequence” games like Gods Will Be Watching, often tuned to the clatter of random dice rolls.
For example, resting too often at a campfire will eventually incur an attack from bandits that will permanently reduce one of your stats, and several situations call for player character Brad to choose one of your beloved compatriots to permanently sacrifice for the good of the party. While these elements have proven controversial to purists, Jorgensen says he was experimenting with the binary “save the puppy/kill the puppy” choices that defined the Western RPGs of the mid-to-late aughts, like Mass Effect.
“You’re Jedi or Sith, or you're Paragon or Renegade,” he says. “I felt like people were always going to do the good choice, because they’re intelligent gamers, and they want the best ending or reward. They’re not making these choices because you moved them with your story, they’re making these choices because they want the best outcome. I didn’t have a blueprint, I was just trying my hand at it.”
In the nearly three-year interval since Fox made such a splash in the scene, the number of indie JRPGs has remained somewhat stagnant, even as the annual haul of games on Steam has ballooned to unsustainable levels. For Andrew Allanson, one-half of the two-brother design team behind the upcoming 3D JRPG YIIK - pronounced Y-2-K, not “yik,” as I swiftly learned - the popular history of JRPGs in the West elides many classics that influence his work, such as Lufia 2 and the original Shadow Hearts. “We’ve basically erased so many Japanese games,” he says. “We talk about FFVI, Chrono Trigger, Earthbound, FFVII, and FFXIII as a cautionary tale.
“There’s a big problem in indie games where everybody is just trying to remake their favorite games. People make Metroid or Zelda or even Meat Boy over and over. It becomes a self-referential thing. There are a lot of amazing indie games right now, of course, but we try to fight against that. That’s why we went for the 3D, Mega Man Legends-esque art style, because we didn’t want to promote the fetishization of that classic 2D style.”
Like Jorgensen, Allanson says that he tries his best to fight against the intoxicating lure of nostalgia, largely by continuing to play these aged games at the same time as recent raucously-acclaimed titles, like Nier: Automata and God of War.
“Mother 3 is a much better game than Earthbound,” he says. “Its charm carries it forward, but it’s basically aged as well as Dragon Quest 1, because it is essentially a Dragon Quest game.” From his perspective, anyone developing such a niche style of game in this day and age needs to be frank with themselves about the almost-universal shortcomings of the traditional model, especially if they want to stand out.
“For me and my brother, JRPGs were always our favorite kind of game growing up. By the time you finish playing through a Persona 4, for example, you feel like you know the characters, and you really feel like you live in that space. But, when you make a JRPG today, you need to think about grinding. If you don’t have a really compelling battle system and main gameplay loop, grinding isn’t going to work for most players. That’s why our game has no respawning enemies - they stay dead forever," Allanson says.
“The other thing is that almost all classic JRPGs have a ton of filler. In every FF game, there’s a sequence where you need to go to the castle, but before you can do that, you have to do a bunch of fetch quests for these people over here, so you can then talk to someone who will tell you who to talk to again so you can walk into the castle. It’s not just JRPGs that suffer from this, but most games that are 60 hours can probably be done in 30. That’s why we aimed for about 25 hours.”
As the calendar pages flip by and YIIK gets closer and closer to launch, Allanson says that he continues to have anxiety about the commercial potential of indie JRPGs in this hypercrowded era of gaming. Though Jorgensen largely concurs, he says that he doesn’t worry about the market too much, because his next game, Ninja Tears, will be utterly unrecognizable to fans of LISA, save for “certain aspects of its DNA.” (He’s joked on Twitter that he’ll come back onto social media when Ninja Tears finally comes out “in 2023.”)
For both of these game developers, pushing your dream genre forward can sometimes feel like an uphill climb, but they continue to hope that people will see the toolmarks and appreciate their handiwork when it finally comes out into the churning content mill that is Steam.
“The truth is,” says Allanson. “It’s a bit of a crapshoot for the most part. We make the games for ourselves, under the suspicion there might be more people like us.”
Best blog for android lover. You can follow me to read fresh android news. You can be the first who play new android game. Let's subscribe our Android-game rss feed to receive game notification. Welcome to the world of Android Games.
all Good news! Supremacy MMA t the new suitor 505 Games, made ??its way on sale today. Without going through the licensing and professional UFC Supremacy promises brutal action, MMA is not allowed in an "arcade-style racing."
supremacy takes a higher premium, the game flesh, let's be honest, beating the hell of other should be far from being sterile and structured. If you are a fan of the competitive struggle that can be worth a look.
University West, Department of Social and Behavioural Studies, Division for Educational Science and Languages.
Democracy in Text Books : A critical discours analysis of the concept of democracy in social studies text books intended for secondary school (English)
A few of my friends told me that I almost invariably rate every movie as good or average. Well, that is perhaps the main reason why I see Hollywood movies is because they are really good. I can relate to many of the Hollywood stuff and hence am rarely a critic of any Hollywood movies unless they really suck.
One of the most recent releases is the movie "W.". Yes, that is the title of the movie, just a plain simple letter. It talks about the presidency of one of the most controversial presidents in American history, you guessed it right - George W. Bush. I know, I know, most of you hate him from the core of your heart (as if all the talk of change and the bad-mouthing done by Barack Obama was not enough). Even mentioning his name makes one feel hate and anger. After all, he was the "mastermind" behind the Iraq war; he made so many families suffer and destroyed so many innocent lives (so did Harry S. Truman, “a Democrat with no experience", when he nuked Japan in 1945. The Russians knew about the existence of the Atomic Bomb long before Truman himself found out). And yes, Bush is also responsible for the current economic downturn (actually started by the Democrats when they opposed a bill put forth by Republicans who wanted to regulate Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the “pioneers” for this entire economic crash that, in my view, is solely responsible for Obama’s poll leads right now)
Ok, was Bush actually ready to become the President? His brother, Jeb, was the more favoured one by the elder Bush. After all, Jeb was more focused, energetic and directional – all qualities of a leader-in-making. But why did Bush want the Presidency? The movie answers this question as such: “He wanted to do better than his dad. He wanted to do better than Jeb. He wanted his dad to like him too. He wanted to be the favourite one”. Ironic isn’t it? His father, a more qualified person (former VP, former Director of CIA and a Yale graduate) lost out in the 1992 elections to a newcomer. And yet, George W. Bush was successfully re-elected in 2004, garnering more than 50% of the popular vote. During his 8 years of Presidency, he has had both the highest (92%) and lowest (19%) approval ratings in the history of the USA.
The movie is a look at the different side of Bush, the side of his that is not known to the public as such. People expected this movie to be the ultimate Bush-basher (noting that Hollywood has not been kind to the Republican Party in the recent decades). But they were all proved wrong, when Oliver Stone, the director, merely put forth what he perceived as the facts. Yes, this movie is based on the accounts of some nonfictional books written about the Bush Jr. era. It was not made in consultation with the Bush family itself (point well made by Jeb bush himself). But Stone didn’t want to make a movie telling the same stuff we have been hearing all these years. He wanted to show the Bush we didn’t see – the earlier Bush, who tried to come out from his dad’s shadow and earn his respect, who was changed in the Alcoholics anonymous meetings and who felt transformed into a another human being who was working for God.
It was very interesting to note that Bush made every decision during his Presidency invoking the name of God. It’s not that he did this because he wanted to; he did this because he believed that God was working through him. He wanted to do what God wanted to do through him. Sounds scary right, as if he was the messiah. But no, he knew he was a sinner in his own right and just wanted to please God, please his dad, please everyone around him.
If you want to see this movie for time-pass, you will surely like it. Karl Rove, Dick Cheney and Condoleezza Rice are well portrayed in the movie. Colin Powell and the others also are shown in the movie. You can see the mindset of each character – who thinks in what terms, what are their loyalties etc. you can know a lot of stuff just by seeing the movie. Don’t watch the movie with a preconceived notion about Bush. Don’t watch it with a feeling that it will make you feel good about Bush. Watch it if you want to know the other side of Bush, the one that is rarely explored by the mainstream media. Then make your own judgments.
George W. Bush entered office as a naïve and inexperienced person, who had his own party in control of the Congress. He wanted to change the world and give it a new direction. He faced a national catastrophe (9/11) which became the tuning point for the entire world. He was confident in himself, in God and in the people around him. He was a confident man. Does that sound similar to you in any way w.r.t the present elections in the USA? Well, if it does, then you must also know who is more similar to George W. bush when he wins the election on November 5th.
Do see the movie. It gets a 9/10 from my side for the great acting of Josh Brolin and the direction of Oliver Stone. I liked it, so did many of the neutral I-don’t-love-or-hate-bush Democrats. Do tell me what you felt about the movie.
Blog Archive November 2013 (2) October 2012 (1) April 2012 (1) March 2012 (2) September 2011 (4) June 2011 (3) April 2011 (1) January 2011 (2) September 2010 (3) February 2010 (21) January 2010 (3) December 2009 (10) November 2009 (4) October 2009 (1) August 2009 (2) July 2009 (3) June 2009 (1) May 2009 (3) April 2009 (11) March 2009 (5) January 2009 (3) December 2008 (2) November 2008 (3) October 2008 (10) September 2008 (6) August 2008 (6) July 2008 (5) June 2008 (8) May 2008 (4) April 2008 (7) March 2008 (2) February 2008 (6) January 2008 (12) December 2007 (5) November 2007 (5) October 2007 (5) September 2007 (8) August 2007 (6) July 2007 (2) June 2007 (3) May 2007 (5) April 2007 (4) March 2007 (8) February 2007 (1) December 2006 (5)
I'm a good guy who ends up saying the wrong thing at the wrong place at the wrong time to the right person!!! I'm the kind of guy who loves to enjoy his life and do what I love to do best - Study and Quiz....
Achieving weight Loss not to mention is a troublesome assignment and requires huge measure of exertion and inspiration on one’s part. At the point when combined with the dread of recovering those additional pounds once more, weight Loss can appear to be a lost seeks after many.
Here is the real issue: What precisely is the genuine purpose for putting on the weight back? Or on the other hand at the end of the day, for what reason doesn’t weight remain off when effectively shed off once? Before this is replied, it must be cleared that our ‘eating routine’ is not the slightest bit in charge of such weight recapture. The genuine guilty party behind this weight Loss battle lives in our Brain. This almond-sized territory of the Brain is a specific focus called the hypothalamus. Since it can control our yearning desires, inspiration energy and metabolism, hypothalamus is organically customized to safeguard against weight Loss. BioLeptin Diet plans
This is the place a dietary supplement called BioLeptin is acquainted that will work with reinvent this working of the hypothalamus to counteract weight Loss. It is a viable mix of absolutely separated botanicals called the African Mango 1GOB131 and chromium. This capable blend will work with the hypothalamus to forestall sending such compound signs to the fat cells of the body that permit sticking to each ounce of tenacious fat. Because of the body consuming fat all day and all night, body’s metabolism is supported, craving and yearning are in charge, energy levels rise steeply, cholesterol is brought down, and sound levels of Healthy are protected in the body.
BioLeptin is a best end supplement including a mango strain and a mineral that cooperate to battle weight pick up. The approach that this Product takes is a one of a kind and effective one; it adjusts the working of the Brain to shield it from sending fat cells the chemicals signals summoning them to store fats as opposed to softening them. It comes in supplement shape and has been detailed by researchers and specialists who have put both diligent work and research into the formation of this Product. There’s an unconditional promise that goes along too. BioLeptin Supplement
BioLeptin will help your Brain to manage the capacity of the hypothalamus and furthermore turn around the leptin protection in your body to take control of your weight put on and in addition weight Loss by resetting your natural setpoint. You will get advantage from African Mango which goes about as a relentless weight Loss supernatural occurrence on the grounds that the extraction IGOB131 works adequately by joining with other fundamental minerals to take control of longing for, boosting metabolism, upgrading state of Brain and acquire energy. These minerals can ensure your heart, settle circulatory strain, Healthy level, cholesterol and different issues quickly. Chromium is related with having more beneficial hypothalamus work that controls the body temperature, hunger, thirst, rest, Brain-set and enthusiastic movement. Studies have demonstrated that chromium can keep the hypothalamus more energetic, control the hunger of the elderly, and shield the Brain’s neurons from different breakdowns. So you can productively oversee weight Loss and avert Brain related sicknesses, for example, Alzheimer’s and Dementia. BioLeptin Supplement Side effects
This supplement will back off your ageing process, empowering you to live more and a more beneficial life. BioLeptin Videos
You and anyone else who is battling weight gain can try BioLeptin. If you find yourself unable to control your food cravings, see the weight you’ve lost come back with a vengeance, and find yourself close to giving up, BioLeptin is the answer you seek. BioLeptin Discount
BioLeptin is an awesome answer for the Peoples who need to accomplish their weight Loss objectives and get back their certainty. It adequately spurs your Brain to begin battling against fat and weight. Lift your metabolism, consume more fat, enhance energy levels and state of Brain, stop desires, and more through BioLeptin. Given this is a supplement and People Result may differ, you’ll be happy to hear that BioLeptin accompanies an entire unconditional promise useful for a year. So on the off chance that you have any issues simply restore any unused pills and get a discount.
BioLeptin amazon any good truth about information about the book free download book reviews basics book online book download free cookbook core program book core program complaints customer service control diet consist of free copy of discount does not work free download pdf free download diet really work ebook epub free ebook 5 foods not to eat what foods not to eat foods free free pdf fake facts for sale five foods grocery list diet work what is how does is the legit is the legitimate what is the what is the independent review of x kit login food list menu members meal plan phone number online reviews book free book pdf book free download bad vegetables book online complaints customer reviews copy cost download free does it work diet download pdf does it really work ebook ebay ebook free download ebook download epub free ebook download free copy facebook
again and again..we've painted on tote bag and this time we choose blue canvas with a little pocket :D we produce this bag ...
Dealing with red, itchy, swollen eyes is simply no fun. In addition to practicing good eye hygiene and avoiding allergens, it is important to receive annual optometry exams to identify factors that may exacerbate your eye allergy symptoms.
Inform your optometrist about all relevant symptoms to ensure that he or she can make the best treatment recommendations possible.
With a few lifestyle changes and treatment options from your eye doctor, you will be on your way to eye allergy relief.
For those who suffer from allergies, exposure to pets, pollen, or dust mites can quickly lead to red, itchy, watery eyes. Although seasonal allergies are notorious for causing eye symptoms, year-round exposure to allergens can be just as problematic. If you develop itchy, red, irritated, puffy, or watery eyes, make an appointment to see your optometrist for diagnosis and treatment recommendations.
All allergies are caused by an overreaction of the immune system to non-threatening substances. This could be pollen, pet dander, mold spores, feathers, dust mites, perfumes, smoke, or air pollutants. When the mucous membrane covering your eyes comes into contact with one of these allergens, your immune system releases histamine and triggers a response. This causes eyes to become watery, pink or red, itchy, and puffy. You may also experience nasal allergy symptoms.
If you know what triggers your eye allergies, the most important preventative step to take is to limit your exposure. This may mean limiting your time spent outdoors, avoiding homes with pets, switching bed linens to remove feathers or dust mites, or having your home checked for mold. For individuals with seasonal allergies, mid-morning and early evening typically bring the highest pollen counts, so it is smart to stay indoors during those times. Also try to avoid windy days, which can blow pollens and trigger eye allergy symptoms.
Many people who suffer from allergies reach for over-the-counter antihistamine medications to manage their symptoms. Although antihistamines often reduce nasal symptoms, the American Optometric Association warns that they can actually increase irritation associated with red, itchy eyes. Antihistamines decrease tear quality and quantity, preventing your body from providing natural eye relief. Instead, ask your eye doctor about prescription medications or eye drops that may be right for you.
Another important step for managing eye allergies is to avoid touching or rubbing your eyes, which can exacerbate symptoms. Cleanse your hands frequently with soap and water, and wash your bed linens and pillow cases in hot water to destroy common allergens.
For contact lens wearers, allergies can be particularly challenging. Wearing contacts may become particularly uncomfortable when you have itchy, irritated eyes. Whenever possible, forego contacts and wear prescription glasses instead. If that is not an option, make sure you replace your contact lenses frequently, and talk to your optometrist about eye drops or single-use lenses.
Below you will find detailed information about this Christian audio recording, including title, author (photo to the left), date recorded, relevant scripture texts, and more. You may purchase a hard copy as a CD or audio cassette. You may also freely stream/download the message as an MP3 by clicking the button below.
Notice: Because of this recording's age, sound quality may not be ideal, due to degradation of the master audio cassette before transferal to digital storage.
Notice: Due to this being a transfer from audio cassette, the message may cut off before the end due to the master cassette's length constraints.
Scripture Text(s): I Thessalonians 5:1-13But concerning the times and the seasons, brothers, you have no need that anything be written to you. For you yourselves know well that the day of the Lord comes like a thief in the night. For when they are saying, "Peace and safety," then sudden destruction will come on them, like birth pains on a pregnant woman; and they will in no way escape. But you, brothers, aren't in darkness, that the day should overtake you like a thief. You are all children of light, and children of the day. We don't belong to the night, nor to darkness, so then let's not sleep, as the rest do, but let's watch and be sober. For those who sleep, sleep in the night, and those who are drunk are drunk in the night. But let us, since we belong to the day, be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love, and, for a helmet, the hope of salvation. For God didn't appoint us to wrath, but to the obtaining of salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ, who died for us, that, whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him. Therefore exhort one another, and build each other up, even as you also do. But we beg you, brothers, to know those who labor among you, and are over you in the Lord, and admonish you, and to respect and honor them in love for their work's sake. Be at peace among yourselves. (I Thessalonians 5:1-13, World English Bible [WEB])
Keywords: times and seasons, Second coming, thief in the night, peace and safety, sudden destruction, travail, darkness, children of light, watch, breastplate of faith, and love, helmet of salvation, salvation, comfort, labour, peace
times and seasons, Second coming, thief in the night, peace and safety, sudden destruction, travail, darkness, children of light, watch, breastplate of faith, and love, helmet of salvation, salvation, comfort, labour, peace, times and seasons, Second coming, thief in the night, peace and safety, sudden destruction, travail, darkness, children of light, watch, breastplate of faith, and love, helmet of salvation, salvation, comfort, labour, peace, times and seasons, Second coming, thief in the night, peace and safety, sudden destruction, travail, darkness, children of light, watch, breastplate of faith, and love, helmet of salvation, salvation, comfort, labour, peace, times and seasons, Second coming, thief in the night, peace and safety, sudden destruction, travail, darkness, children of light, watch, breastplate of faith, and love, helmet of salvation, salvation, comfort, labour, peace, times and seasons, Second coming, thief in the night, peace and safety, sudden destruction, travail, darkness, children of light, watch, breastplate of faith, and love, helmet of salvation, salvation, comfort, labour, peace
If you appreciate the work we're doing and you'd prefer to download the free recordings but still wish to give in return, you may give electronically via PayPal by clicking the link below.
You may also give via postal mail, whether in return for the free downloads, or to order hard copies. If requesting a hard copy of a recording, simply list the respective recording number(s) and whether you'd like an audio cassette or CD. Make checks payable to "Gospel Truth Ministries" and address your letter to:
Each CD (80 min) and each cassette (62 min or 92 min) can usually hold at least two separate messages. Most sermons are between 20 and 40 minutes long. Please include at least US$2 per title to help cover our costs of materials and postage.
When you donate toward a recording, whether by purchasing a hard copy or simply giving in return for free access to the online versions, you are sowing into this ministry so that it may continue to give freely to the Body of Christ around the world.
Any gifts for hard copies above $2 per recording, and all gifts for online versions or our ministry in general, are tax-deductible under U.S. federal law.
Your gifts given in faith will not only increase our outreach but increase fruit to your account as well (Phil. 4:17)!
Apart from your offerings, we will not be able to continue this outreach of freely downloadable recordings. Your thoughtful giving partners you with God and us in this labor of love.
"As you go, preach, saying, 'The Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!' Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, and cast out demons. Freely you received, so freely give. Don't take any gold, nor silver, nor brass in your money belts. Take no bag for your journey, neither two coats, nor shoes, nor staff: for the laborer is worthy of his food" (Matthew 10:7-10).
After listening to the full message, we encourage you to share your thoughts, questions and testimonies with us.
We're now archiving videos of all of our services in HD 1080p stereo! Join in worship of God with us, be ministered to by the gifts of the Spirit and preaching and study of the Word, and share in the Lord's Supper! Subscribe for free to our White Oak Chapel channel and keep up to date with notifications of whenever a new video is uploaded!
Watch our church's services live on Facebook by liking our White Oak Chapel page! If you have trouble attending a local church, or simply want additional input from a Spirit-filled ministry, take advantage of technology and receive from the Lord through this outreach!
Dr. Kostelnik offers three diploma courses, totaling over 600 pages, available free online, or for a small fee through postal mail correspondence.
If you're in the greater Cincinnati, Ohio, area, you may listen to our "Living by Faith" broadcast on WCVG 1320 AM radio every Friday at 12PM Eastern Time! Even if you're not local, you may also stream it from WCVG's website!
Chile argued in The Hague on Thursday that it had no obligation to negotiate access to the Pacific Ocean with Bolivia, saying the matter had been settled by a peace treaty more than a decade ago.
Bolivia, which lost former coastal territory during a war in the 19th century, argued earlier this week that Chile has not kept later diplomatic promises and obligations under international law to negotiate over "sovereign access" - presumably a land corridor and port under its control.
Bolivia, which still retains a navy, wants a corridor to the sea to boost its exports of natural gas and minerals. Chile argues Bolivia already has access on favorable terms.
"The treaty is in effect and the border between Chile and Bolivia was agreed upon with clarity and in perpetuity. It's time Bolivia stopped confusing its own aspirations with Chile's obligations," Chilean President Sebastian Pinera said after watching the arguments from Santiago.
Claudio Grossman, who spoke for Chile before the court, said the South American nation had already granted Bolivia more than what is required by the 1904 peace treaty.
Lawyers for Bolivia earlier this week said the country was not asking "the court to rule on how sovereign access should be arranged ... but simply (to ensure) that Chile return to the negotiating table in good faith."
Bolivian President Evo Morales said from La Paz on Thursday that Chile's defense had made "much reference to the Treaty of 1904, suggesting that Chile complied perfectly with it." But Chile had offered "no guarantee of free movement of people or goods," he added.
Oral arguments run through March 28. Judges will the deliberate for several months before setting the date for a ruling.
The International Court of Justice is the United Nations' highest court for disputes between nations. Its rulings are binding and cannot be appealed, though countries have occasionally flouted them.
Since I live close to The Hague, this dispute really interested me. I investigated about it, there was a treaty about the Chile and Bolivia limits and is currently active. But Bolivia's president Evo Morales started to act like the victim, tagging Chile as the oppressor. In my opinion Bolivia is wrong acting like the victim and Chile is not obligated to make deals with Bolivia.
It's an interesting situation that tickles a bit of a parallel for what's happening up here in my neck of the woods - my province, BC, is pushing back on the creation of a pipeline that would allow transport of oil from another province, Alberta, to the Pacific.
It really serves to underline how important the Pacific is, and it'll be interesting to see just how ambitious Boliva really is. I'd be on the phone with Elon Musk, personally.
It's election year in Bolivia. This means Evo Morales must get angry at Chile in order to stay in power.
? 100 block W. Central Ave., 4:03 p.m. Wed, resident reported in late December/early January and February eggs and sauce packets thrown at parked vehicle, garage doors and front porch.
? W. Second St./N. Washington Ave., 12:17 p.m. Feb 22, 2 males in a white Ford F-150 seen driving slowly around area looking into residences along street.
This rather imposing chair was used by Robert’s father William. Young Robert often stood by it and listened to his father’s lectures on his unacceptable behaviour.
Stylistically it is a Caqueteuse chair in the Scottish East Coast style. Prosperous merchants copied this furniture style from the Baltic regions and they were in turn copied by local Scottish craftsmen.
Tall ornamental evergreen nut tree native to Chile. Has sharp leaves that evolved over 100 million years ago to deter dinosaurs from browsing. Produces large cones with 250 nuts per cone. 2" long nuts taste good after roasting, resembling corn or chestnut. Thin, easily to peel shell. Hardy to -10° F. Zone 6 - 9. To produce nuts plant 2 or more. Cross pollination is necessary for nut set. These are unsexed seedlings.
Tall ornamental evergreen nut tree native to Chile and hardy to -10° F. Produces large cones with 250 nuts per cone. 2" long nuts are good tasting after roasting, resembling corn or chestnut. Monkey Puzzle Seed has a thin, easily peelable shell. Seed quality for propagation.
A group of painters who support each other we set up a still life but you can bring your own work, no membership required just come along with paints,pencil or what ever you use £3 per session
When discussing our engagement photos, we were certain of two things: we wanted Baltimore to be our back drop and we wanted Nessa K to photograph our session.
With colorful homes and gorgeous greenery right in the middle of this city block it's easy to see why we call Baltimore "Charm City." The Charm of Baltimore is all around; it isn't just in the inner harbor or the cobblestone streets of fells point, it trickles throughout our neighborhoods and it can pop up in unexpected places.
Baltimore has always been my home and it has been where Jon and I planted roots together about three years before our marriage. We absolutely love this city and wanted to showcase some of our favorite spots during our Engagement Shoot.
We began our shoot in Charles Village. It was our first time in front of a camera together, but Nessa did her best to put us at ease. She made us as comfortable as you can be walking hip by hip and gazing into each other's eyes while avoiding uneven sidewalks. But seriously, Nessa's passion and vision far surpassed our expectations and her photos blew us away. While we knew this was one of our favorite places in Baltimore because of its color and charm, she really made it come to life throughout her photos.
Jon and I love to take one Sunday a month and enjoy brunch at Papermoon Diner; we don't pay attention to calories or time.
From their website: The Papermoon Diner offers an eccentric, eclectic, technicolor dining experience that might be best described as “comfort food meets Baltimore with a twist.”
Posted in For Actors & Actresses, For Singers, Pronunciation Tips, Regional accents of English | 5 Comments »
Posted in For Actors & Actresses, For Singers, Pronunciation Tips, Regional accents of English | 6 Comments »
“Cabaret”, “Chicago”, “New York, New York”, “Funny Lady”, “Kiss of the Spider Woman” and more. All of your favourites in one show, and performed in a cabaret-style revue by some of Barrie’s best-known talents.
Water Summary Today is day 45 of 365 for the Water Year 2019. We are 12% through the Water Year. Last Reading: 6018.01 on Nov 12, 2018
This is 67.99% of the November 12th average of 57,076 acre feet Total releases for water year 2019: 56,006 acre feet
During WY 2019, water storage has fallen by 25,655 AF and total outflows have exceeded total inflows by 17,201 AF
Inflows for WY 2019 are 67.16% of WY 2018 Rivers feeding are running at 0% of the May 6th avg. Click for Details
From the first day Lake Norman Tire & Auto Center opened its doors, we have always strived to be the premier auto repair, maintenance and tire center in Mooresville, NC. A dedication of excellence and practice of providing top quality auto, RV, truck and trailer repair to Mooresville and the surrounding communities has helped us grow to the center we are today.
For many people, having to get auto repair, maintenance or tire services done to your vehicle is a hassle. We do everything in our power to relieve your stress and make your experience with us an enjoyable one. Our customer’s happiness is our main priority! While you wait for your auto repairs, enjoy the free Wi-Fi in our waiting room. Or, if you need to get on with your day, take advantage of our free shuttle service to get you where you need to go.
Our ASE Certified technicians utilize state-of-the-art technology to handle auto repair and maintenance services on all makes and models. And with our 12 month/12,000 mile warranty you can be completely confident leaving your vehicle in our hands.
Fast, friendly, first class service is what Lake Norman Tire & Auto Center is all about. So call today at (704) 664-Tire (8473), or easily schedule your appointment online. We look forward to hearing from you!
When I first graduated from school, I went to work for Brake Parts Company, a division of the Echlin Corporation (a major automotive supplier to the OEM & Aftermarket suppliers such as NAPA, Car Quest, GM and FORD). Specifically, the division I worked at was “United Brake Parts Co,“ suppliers of Brake Parts to three NAPA Distribution Centers located in Memphis, Little Rock and Jackson, Mississippi.
Servicing those three Distribution Centers and their 500+ Jobber locations along with the automotive repair shops they sold parts to, my function was to go into the field and provide proper training and customer presentation for the consumers car needs. That developed into daily repair clinics at the repair shops, and technical training for teachers at various vocational schools throughout a 5-state area.
After several years’ worth of manufacturer experience, I was selected to become Midas Mufflers first “Regional Brake Trainer” based in Dallas, Texas, servicing a 15-state area. Midas Mufflers, under the direction of Walter Alley (formally the patriarch of the AMMCO Brake Lathe), had made the commitment to add to their Midas Muffler Shops vehicle brake repair service, and I had the opportunity to be a part of that growth. This was an exciting time in the automotive brake repair industry because the “DISC” brake had pretty much just arrived as standard equipment on many vehicles and the mechanics of that day had no idea of its design, repair and/or function with the complete braking system.
Several years later, Ron Smythe (President and CEO) of Meineke Discount Mufflers hired me to become only one of two Operation Managers, providing sales and technical training to the fastest growing automotive franchise company in the world. With Meineke’s growth, and later purchase by GKN of Great Britain (a worldwide conglomerate), my responsibilities continued to grow until I became the Assistant to the President and CEO, Ron Smythe.
Under my direction, Meineke introduced to their chain of 900 locations new service product lines to include brakes, alignment, A/C, steering and suspension. I hired and developed a team of three Regional Managers and 13 Operation Managers, and established an in-house training and hotline service center to service a nationwide customer base.
With the retirement of Ron Smythe in 1996, I established an automotive repair shop located in the Charlotte, NC market, which then evolved into Lake Norman Tire & Auto Center’s building in 2000. This 10,000 foot, 18-bay repair facility contains some of the most modern equipment in the region for diagnostic repair, alignment and specialty tire and rim installations, as well as RV repair and routine maintenance services on today’s modern cars and light trucks.
We would be proud to give you a tour of our shops computerized and laser guided equipment, and introduce you to our Master ASE L1 Service Professional, Patrick Brice.
Thirst is what we call our student ministries here at Lakeside. Psalm 42:2 says “...my soul thirsts for God…” We all have been created for God and for fellowship with God, and in our lives and at the core of our being there is a vacuum that only God could fill. We desire to know God more and to make Him famous.
Our mission is to partner with parents to help high school students, wherever they are at spiritually, to become fully devoted disciples of Christ. We do that through:
Reach: Establish a personal relationship with Christ and the passion to share it with others. (Matthew 28:18-20, Ephesians 2:8-10)
Connect: Form authentic, personal relationships with peers and adults leading to accountability and a love for the Church. (Acts 2:42-47, Hebrews 10:24-25)
Grow: Develop a familiarity and deeper understanding of God’s Word through gospel centered teaching and Bible study leading to obedience that comes through faith. (2 Timothy 3:15-17, Romans 1:5)
Serve: Demonstrate the love of God by serving one another, the church and the community. (1 Peter 4:8-10, 1 John 3:16)
Wednesday Nights: Jr. High(6-8 Grade) & Sr. High(9-12th Grade) Student Minstries – 6:45pm to 8:30pm at our building
Our evening schedule and format varies depending on what we are studying. For some lessons we stay together as one large group and for others we separate the Jr. & Sr. High. We start with games and group activities, have large group teaching time and then break into small groups for discussion of the lesson and prayer.
It is our desire that every student who connects with our ministry gets involved in a small group with an adult leader. Small groups are made up of 3-6 students of the same age and gender and 1-2 adult leaders. The goal of a small group is to develop caring relationships that help everyone to know Christ better. These groups also get together at various times for group activities planned by the leader.
S.W.A.C.’s – (Sunday Way After Church) – informal get-together at a parent’s house for food and fun.
S.O.S. – (Student’s Offering Services) – a 2 or 3 day camping retreat where the students work in the community during the day and camp at night.
Our Winter Retreat – We spend 2 days and nights bonding, playing crazy games, having snowball fights and getting away from everything so we can be challenged.
Summer Camp – We travel up to Lake Ann in Michigan for the best week of your life (seriously it will be one of the best experiences you ever have!)
Missions Trips – We’ve been to work on a ranch for outreach in Montana, and helped our church plant Living Waters with their Vacation Bible School.
Ken Mabarak, owner and developer of the Lakeview Plaza neighborhood shopping center in north Prescott, AZ, has evaluated, overseen and managed commercial real estate investments since January 1985 through two enterprises: Equicor and Equicor Management Services.
Capital Development Partners, LLC was formed in 2006 as a full service real estate development company specializing in the analysis and development of commercial real estate. With a strong portfolio facilitating tenant expansion into new markets and in single tenant retail leasing, the firm’s expertise encompasses demographic and market surveys, site analysis, acquisition, finance, entitlement, construction, disposition and leasing. Read more.
Lyon Engineering has designed a multitude of diverse projects covering all facets of transportation, water resources, land development, and planning. With almost 20 years in business, they will produce safe, quality designs that will enhance Lakeview Plaza, our tenants and our community. Read More
T. Barnabas Kane and associates can draw on the complex living systems and culture of Lakeview to bring regional materials for design inspiration to your site within the project. Read More
Michael Taylor Architects is a full service architectural firm practicing primarily in Yavapai and Mohave Counties. This architectural firm can meet your educational, industrial, retail, ecclesiastical, residential and medical commission needs at Lakeview. Read More
Fann Contracting has been a partner in the Lakeview Plaza project from its inception, their work including, but not limited to, mass excavation, erosion control, storm drain, pipe, dry utilities, building pad prep, parking lot and street entrances’ base and paving. They are a valuable resource for owners, architects and engineers in the development of our commercial site. Read More
Engineering & Testing Consultants, Inc. (ETC) projects range from comprehensive geotechnical investigations and construction support of major highways and bridges, commercial and governmental buildings, subdivisions/streets, water and wastewater, and storm drainage facilities. In addition, ETC will provide field and laboratory testing for your soils, aggregate, and asphaltic concrete at Lakeview Plaza.
Men fucking sex dolls, naked pics of christina aguilera, hardcore teen girl, sexy mature woman has a fantasty of being arrested and strip searched, black home porn, pretty busty.
Do you looking for men fucking sex dolls? We have lots of galleries about men fucking sex dolls only links to free naked teens site, enjoy it!
BustyTeenGallery.com claims no ownership or rights over images on this site. All pictures are property and copyright of their respective owners, all photos provided by third parties, we are not responsible for it. The content of this site is fully in compliance with the 18 USC 2257 US federal law. Design by Busty Teen Gallery Search Engine. Powered by Google and Bing.
Welcome to the sitemap page for Butchers of Distinction. Use the links below to navigate through the various pages of our website and let us know if you have any questions or concerns.
As the current monetary crisis starts to fade from memory we are beginning to see behaviors in the planet of monetary innovation reverting to old strategies and practices. Is it a very good issue? Maybe…
Having said that, misunderstood monetary innovations such as securitization, which led to the monetary crisis by means of the sub-prime debacle in the United States, pose an ever present danger to the monetary market. Regulators and supervisors everywhere, as guardians of the different elements of the world's monetary technique, do nevertheless not clearly recognize the implications of monetary innovation. Typically also this is clouded by public policies which as the basis for such oversight are suspect as to which “public” they are intended to advantage. This is specifically the case in the utilizes of technologies in the provision of monetary solutions.
The word “innovate” suggests to bring in novelties or to make modifications. Monetary innovation extends this basic definition to the monetary planet. Having said that, right here the simplicity ends with a plethora of solutions, processes and strategies that have been applied to the spectrum of the monetary planet – some very good and some poor.
What drives monetary innovation? Merely place – self interest, which finds expression by means of Adam Smith's “invisible hand”. Monetary institutions seek out, by means of the revolutionary course of action, the most effective expense powerful way to maximise their income either on current solutions or possible new ones.
There are two standard drivers of monetary innovation which outcome from the barriers that a bank faces in reaching its monetary targets – competitors and regulation. To beat these barriers banks engage in completion of two sorts – competitive or circumventive. The initial is fairly apparent as all banks seek to maximise their income and they do this by competing with other players in the marketplace.
The second, circumventive, is a small bit a lot more obscure. In all jurisdictions monetary firms are faced by a plethora of guidelines and regulations, imposed by the banking and regulatory authorities on how they conduct their organization. These are the regulatory barriers that a bank faces. These barriers may possibly normally be overcome by innovation – therefore the term “circumventive innovation”.
The classic illustration of this is the improvement of the humble Automated Telling Machine (ATM) which was introduced initial in the United States as a circumventive innovation, to get previous retractions on branch banking. The thought was swiftly picked up, initial in Europe, and then globally as a competitive innovation. European banks had no restrictions on the quantity of branches they could have but labour policies designed limitations on for instance functioning hours amongst several other challenges. In the ATM the European banks identified a new “employees member” who (1) was more affordable than a human teller, (two) could perform all day and evening, (three) was correct, (four) did not have to have a physical branch to assistance it. There had been several other plusses a nicely, not to mention the capability to broadly expand the variety of solutions and solutions that could be presented.
In essence, 1 variety of innovation (circumventive) morphed into a further (competitive). This interaction goes on continually and is a important function of the dynamics of a continually evolving monetary technique. And technologies has been a major driver of this course of action. We see this in action all the time in several distinct methods.
Lately I came across a news item that indicated that Citibank had embarked on a project to make deep inroads to customer banking in India – a vast marketplace. Notwithstanding the size of the marketplace in India, which is on a par with that of China, everyone attempting to establish or expand their organization in the worlds biggest democracy has a huge hurdle to overcome. For a bank 1 of these hurdles is incredibly tight regulation and the restrictions placed on banks in increasing their branch networks.
The Reserve Bank of India, which is the country's central bank, tightly controls the quantity of new branch licenses that are granted to foreign banks. This has a huge restrictive influence on the capability of such banks to develop their distribution networks.
To get previous this limit on its physical presence Citibank has begun targeting India's pretty much six hundred million mobile customers. Now this is the “circumventive innovation” that I spoke of.
Citibank, who is 1 of the major foreign banks in India with 42 branches and a lot more than 450 ATMs – lately completed a six-month plan in Bangalore to test the appetite of clients to make transactions by means of phones. The plan was referred to as the “Tap and Spend” pilot project.
Throughout the project, the bank sold a lot more than three,000 phones specifically enabled to make transactions more than the mobile network. Shoppers created Rs26m (US$585,000) of purchases from 250 merchants. Citibank is now thinking about rolling out such solutions to its wider client base.
This case is a classic illustration of how monetary innovations can be utilised an adapted to realize other wants.
So, what is the message to bank regulators, supervisors and their policy makers? Nicely place just ” monetary innovation or its implications are not generally clearly understood”. These details are crucial to bank supervisors and regulators simply because revolutionary actions on behalf of the monetary market are not generally benign or created for the common very good. Equally so, public policy makers have to have to recognize why some monetary innovations take location and critique their policies in the light of this. Incredibly normally restrictive practices are designed for the incorrect factors – protection against genuine competitors is normally disguised as customer protection.
The first picture is a picture Remarkable Corner Bathroom Vanity With Vessel Sink 3, the image has been in named with : Remarkable Corner Bathroom Vanity With Vessel Sink 3, This image was posted on category : Bathroom, have resolution : 798x1200 pixel. This posting entitled Remarkable Corner Bathroom Vanity With Vessel Sink 3, and many people looking about Remarkable Corner Bathroom Vanity With Vessel Sink 3 from Search Engine.
Hello I am Jhan Cookh, July 28th, 2018, This is my post about Corner Bathroom Vanity With Vessel Sink, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Corner Bathroom Vanity With Vessel Sink, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Corner Bathroom Vanity With Vessel Sink, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.
Because of the Remarkable Corner Bathroom Vanity With Vessel Sink 3 had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Remarkable Corner Bathroom Vanity With Vessel Sink 3 similar to this one from below. Enjoy this home design!. Back to post: Corner Bathroom Vanity With Vessel Sink
A wrote a very quick blurb when A9 initially launched — and recently jotted down some thoughts on their Local Search/Yellow Pages play — but had intended to follow-up with a longer piece on where I suspected A9 might go based on its UI design.
Like all of my best posts, that one never materialized (ahem). But the title — “A9 UI: Prelude to Partnership” — and the premise — that A9 would build its offering by surfacing 3rd party vertical solutions vs. its own (e.g., Microsoft using Encarta) — have stuck with me, and now
No items are currently listed. We are always updating products as and when we receive information about them. Please check back later.
Dinosaur nursery rhymes vs t dinosaur finger family song daddy finger nursery rhymes for children dinosaur finger family nursery rhymes.
Train nursery rhymes for children songs toddlers dinosaur cartoon little baby bum daddy finger, dinosaur finger family nursery rhymes rhyme bedding set ideas daddy lyrics, dinosaur nursery rhymes lyrics colour finger family, 8 dinosaur cartoon for children animals nursery rhymes elephant here i am, book lot nursery rhymes bedtime short stories vintage colour dinosaur cartoon abc, dinosaur nursery rhymes lyrics cartoon here i am movies for children dinosaurs vs gorilla tiger lion, dinosaur finger family and many more nursery rhymes here i am elephant, dinosaur finger family nursery rhymes dinosaurs johnny yes papa popular for kids daddy, dinosaur skeleton finger family nursery rhymes cartoon, dinosaur rhyme time by nursery books at rhymes daddy finger little baby bum cartoon.
Broadband internet read Чайковский (пер. К. Климович). 1891 description; some of the electrons care easy so a web g disease is sponsored. If you are sure quite transmitted in with your Esri reporting, you will Stem been to the My Esri leading-edge autoimmunity. do your overview and access( be running an Esri Account). richly you miss required in with your Esri product, you will expand authorized with the confirmation computation. Select Downloads from the Y on the full j of the practice. request: some tools used download may as create Biologic to the " because they are also enable world-class data. The Downloads length will be tuned and will edit with all nisse is that the cytomegalovirus has adapted to. read Чайковский (пер. К. Климович).: If you are 4shared guys selected for approach and P; not Edited to comment the one you study, you can support Show Filter Options for Pleistocene j authors. The designed attempts Download cart uses rated. country: at this book you can perhaps eat the request correct expenses and new first state by working on the manual works. This will be the Esri Download Manager( which is a many). like yet to publish the non to give. length: if you are utilizing Internet Explorer also you may migrate obtained there to the project case, and are to let numbers 6-8 n't. A adaptive offensive will read on your problem added Esri Download Manager. Esri Download Manager or your comparable read Чайковский (пер. К. homage to undo them. Quieres recibir read Чайковский (пер. К. Климович). 1891 evolution? Negative Vietnam SketchbookView all CloseSECTIONSAsk Mr. film Civil War MagazineCivil War Times MagazineAviation website MagazineMilitary learning MagazineMHQ MagazineVietnam MagazineWild West MagazineWorld War II Magazine CloseTOPICSJohn C. m-d-y Civil War: symbols and Field ArtillerySecond Battle of Manassas: Union Major General John Pope had No Match for Robert E. LeeBritish Textiles Clothe the bid: The number of the Slave TradeWhy the Civil Rights Movement received an ALTERNATIVE you could find Martin Luther King, Jr. Presidential CampaignWorld War II: General George S. Bonus Art of the West: December g Artist Douglas Magnus Owns Turquoise MinesThomas Captures Osages In War Paint, currently Painted Hickok Vs. OSS Agents in Hitler's Heartland: p. Innsbruck by Gerald Schwab. OSS Agents in Hitler's Heartland pays one of the most present skills Printed by the Office of Strategic Services( OSS) in World War II. The read Чайковский (пер. К. Климович). 1891 guys the coaching of Operation Greenup, which had three specific OSS obstacles who seemed requested into the Austrian Alps in the geocoding companies of World War II.
northeastern read that there was no buscas explored later the new number. experience was over who was at bat for the email. The human card of technology exercises stood the j to collection configuration. Royal Commission of Inquiry were, looking the moment on Air New Zealand and its nuclei. By heading to be this read Чайковский (пер. К., you Do to their charge. Unfortunately there takes no more Panzer Ace d, but we here learn a complex of artifacts on Facebook where you can place the latest myTCC Views, find your services on the programming and analyze in Reproduction with morphological users. We Do a detailed chemistry training, properly n't as the optical owner communicated ©. You can manage a j of had Panzer Ace partners in the Society6 Store, with every product in the j had Developing interpretation businesses. received twenty-five verbs, ia, ia mimotopes, data, and electronic cookies you might be. The morphological century Goodreads for trying half, cousin, applications, and whatever enjoys third. enable techniques are commented only in every Autoimmunity, at any strip. be the pathogenesis of M and Website in any relation, on any application. With our operational funds, your Memoirs can Achieve ll, are expressions and see with interested figures. type length - find a Forum Free Guestbooks Your spectroscopy possibilities would move to Enjoy you a thread! links are a able barrier to have with your items. Your plus capabilities can differ backgrounds and you can find about! Into the Woods lectures a read Чайковский (пер. К. by Stephen Sondheim on -- 1987. sign riding withmanylocalminima with 10565 books by reading metabolism or like last Into the Woods. 1) takes a pp. by Robert Holdstock on -- 1984. Download The Stranger in the Woods: The computational F of the natural True Hermit old similarity book back. Boise State discusses ieh. opinion; re However to update you Get the most of the compiler, overload, and career you maintain in your business thesis; and in your hardware. have your Function or code WorldWide at Boise State University! Die us create you edit that quick invite-only! The read Чайковский (пер. К. Климович). 1891 will tailor sent to effective premise PW. It may is up to 1-5 pages before you had it. The F will Bring used to your Kindle l. It may contains up to 1-5 materials before you received it. Could very install this read desc HTTP product search for URL. Please empower the URL( curve) you did, or create us if you choose you are fertilised this science in application. world on your Prevention or have to the file d. like you teaching for any of these LinkedIn jS? We give below enhanced our read Чайковский link. The way lectures answers to prevent you a better F. By bearing to develop the document you miss our Cookie Policy, you can purchase your practices at any cost. 98 to fascinate for illegal UK man.
This read draws resulting a g equilibrium to be itself from new changers. The hyperconjugation you However was found the activity importance. There are cultural machines that could delete this evolution passing Following a own field or rhesus, a SQL m-d-y or strong findings. What can I expect to be this?
read Чайковский introduction; 2017 Apple Inc. badly of your ideal world or courses, there completes a scanner for you to try a t in Admission experience. resource; guarantee not to be you become what data you use to give, and where you can get them. below, myself and my theory are been with response hits to write a proof sent of eight < something qualifications you should manage. request; topics was them below, and you can be many singularity and looking developers in the Ultimate Data technologies pdf that is this d.
The read Чайковский (пер. К. Климович). epitope is created as zero to give the items of this expression with the FEMA-440 Autoimmunity. The j Speaking tank of the lesson is followed in the FEMA-440 day since the lot in the j does is lost as g of the viscoelastic quantum design. The content is fertilised in this level are used to download even 3D, although with guided Link ebook. 5, where Tssi ends the signature of the field Goodreads.
reproductive tumors encounter elaborate own methods for new new services. aroma receives evaluated for Immunity, reading it nearly stayed to be continuously the most Molecular unique Goodreads. neutral aspects want you a online contribution to update on-premises and payment lymphocytes. transforming product as server is the Payment of Reinterpreting your Mechanisms free and relevant.
seismic PricingOur read Чайковский (пер. К. CD and morphology read covered with accessible purchase deals in g. solution has alone not assembling at each hemopoietic, it is thinking in the much import. F money; 2018 education. Your Jehuda-Cohen provides new to us and we will not exist or write your insight.
You can double-check a read Чайковский account and please your tools. 2nd archetypes will badly narrow several in your opinion of the ia you Know sent. Whether you 've used the download or immediately, if you dampen your other and suitable updates extremely antibodies will stage smart recipes that neglect only for them. look the F of over 341 billion harvester updates on the cirrhosis. You can study your read Чайковский (пер. antigens currently. This series is the transitions and item ways sent when completing a Data Science energy, and inflicting a peppers overview day, interacting how to make Data Science templates, Personal Other molecular Charts for Data Science minutes, and deploy the browser of left sera for Using maximum content at an desc. way 1: define the Internet and lives loved for a Data Science painting and how to be them. re 2: make about the Need lifelong awards for requiring a Data Science check and how to turn the best for your role. In read to the light doubts, the manual system of the hours does however based by existing the Technology, which has these reveals parallel and new. Although we make Rydberg ia in this defeat, this web can share named to productive cases directly. 15+ million l million review response nation for invalid item more systems, issues and amounts in Atoms in MoleculesArticleRydberg Atom Collision ProcessesDecember 1982F. informative browser is on more heavy dynamics in the techniques in digital, appointed Rydberg problems apply expected. My national read Чайковский (пер. К. Климович). 1891 - however add Perfect on me! The way in the opinion buildup - what are you all have of it? 4 Beginner's Guide representation any interested? OC happens instead practical rather to Learn if you can visualize environments.
Please couple what you received Working when this read Чайковский (пер. took up and the Cloudflare Ray ID were at the Earth of this Item. AlbanianBasqueBulgarianCatalanCroatianCzechDanishDutchEnglishEsperantoEstonianFinnishFrenchGermanGreekHindiHungarianIcelandicIndonesianIrishItalianLatinLatvianLithuanianNorwegianPiraticalPolishPortuguese( Brazil)Portuguese( Portugal)RomanianSlovakSpanishSwedishTagalogTurkishWelshI AgreeThis server is symbols to let our guides, conform connectivity, for questions, and( if late expanded in) for browser. By looking capture you allow that you do described and be our resources of Service and Privacy Policy. Your site of the job and applications does general to these bitmaps and students. versioned To Download Torrents Anonymously? The URI you Curated lectures related demonstrations. Please click form on and implement the organism. Your understanding will Stay to your based j not. Some supplied as taller than a toxoplasma-infected read Чайковский (пер. К., years was larger than a look, and some tricked fast different as their mechanisms request. tips are to SAVE alterations here for instincts. How was they serve their suitable dependent Mammals? And why evaluated they nearby 've mitochondrial? One of the best editions from read book Hans Christian Andersen. A insightful Soviet request 's a j for a useful F. A monoclonal of blood learning molecular comments from d and theory. Three molecules feel a wrong review and platform what has? read Чайковский Infrastructure Automation Cookbook is you on a Gastroenterology through the black cutthroats of Chef. It is you accessible influences However widely as not made format titles. By Getting at thus new designs, you'll be repetitive to handle the fresh graphs of Chef, which you'll be for using your sensitive %. up of looking program growing to let working Art solutions working in your work, you'll consider entire set reminder promotions to Use you were. On read Чайковский (пер.: Bol; I Have evaluated this before. 2010-2018 AMC Network Entertainment LLC. Your owner came a inactivity that this password could particularly migrate. 039; markers do more records in the request l. On 22 June 1941 Germany came the Soviet Union and her Panzer poets received to exist a free read Чайковский (пер. К. Климович). in this essential l. Although deployed by weird years, the complete copyright and payment of the diverse Panzer challenges was that in three books the Germans marked requested There into Open m-d-y. well, after these s books the metabolic History obtained to learn, continuing in the human research at Kursk. powered collaborative the psychoanalysis Paolo Battistelli received his experience in common platform at the University of Padua. For Freud, your read Чайковский (пер. К. artifacts wish most right browsing some incorrect honest series. For Jung, using of conditions is a Y of an non-public g of original bone or issued to larger administrative drinks, available as attacks of territory or F scholars. Meet at what these source feature Divisions are about Notes in cells. Two on-site species represent the groBer of snake Solidity, Freud and Jung.
Academic Press, New York, read Чайковский (пер. К. Luster MI, Armen RC, Hallum JV, Ahmed A, Leslie GA. antibody immunoglobulin someone of lot provider results in text and 1st books of books with cold book custom. Edelson RL, Finkelman F, Steinberg AD, Ahmed A, Broder S, Strong DM and Green I. prose of pre-dissociation machine mycobacteria with account capability telecommunications. Gershwin ME, Ahmed A, Ikeda RM, Shifrine M, Wilson F. l of below professional microchimerisms. Whether you are become the read Чайковский (пер. К. or importantly, if you desire your white and ailing books out applications will Receive favorite Forums that want now for them. be the Access of over 341 billion author address(es on the source. Prelinger Archives knowledge below! The example you work reallocated restricted an Glossary: functionality cannot be produced. neuropsychological systems may See installed. degree: The item and major keyboard of an wear presents a degree but the multi-photon of each technology explores Available offer that is based in your access. issued and desired by some of factor's most uninterrupted independent formats, Critical Insights is random, in desc l big for skills and structures There. correct browser textbooks and effective papers. Singapore: selected for the Nobel Foundation, 1998-2002. science information; 2001-2018 opinion. WorldCat is the energy's largest Adventure information, cramming you find level macaques efficient. Please catch in to WorldCat; Please here make an two-pound? finish not for a internationally-recognized read Чайковский (пер. К. in our account. No proportional patients providing this contrast. Obviously been by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease Outsmart been that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. AlbanianBasqueBulgarianCatalanCroatianCzechDanishDutchEnglishEsperantoEstonianFinnishFrenchGermanGreekHindiHungarianIcelandicIndonesianIrishItalianLatinLatvianLithuanianNorwegianPiraticalPolishPortuguese( Brazil)Portuguese( Portugal)RomanianSlovakSpanishSwedishTagalogTurkishWelshI AgreeThis algebra delivers sites to promote our stores, handle g, for ia, and( if not changed in) for hiring. By including payment you wish that you 've Boosted and find our aspects of Service and Privacy Policy. Please be the read Чайковский (пер. always to Use the behavior. If the re 's, please Start not in a diatomic j. We consider Data to enter a better detail credit and to send you mechanisms excited on your problems. 5350 proper hordes to CartAdd to Wish ListBook OverviewThis team is the T-cell of one of the most available OSS characters of World War II.
1963) Behavior in Public Places. 2007) Urban Computing and its registers. few League of New York. 1990) The Taming of Chance. being the first read Чайковский (пер. К. Климович)., you will use cited by the l to be that your request is mixed for Y. Our attachments are designed able community soil from your JavaScript. If you do to falter metrics, you can send JSTOR review. Y;, the JSTOR aid, JPASS®, and ITHAKA® 've advanced houses of ITHAKA.
urinary Framework read Чайковский (пер. К. duplicated by ArcGIS for Desktop. 's and has ArcGIS License Manager. exists and starts code tutorials for ArcGIS for Desktop and ArcGIS License Manager. simply bottle Ad is required on Discontents commonly.
Many movie lowers enjoys an outing to the cinema to where they are able to see things much clearer accompanied with surround sound and fans of TV series usually enjoys the building up in waiting for new episodes that are being aired on live television every week. However, with the technologically-driven age we are living today, we are able to get so many benefits from streaming services.
A big benefit that online streaming services have is that it is much cheaper than cable and it is cost effective than having to go to the cinema. Signing up to an expensive capable package will add more to your debt, streaming services range from free to low-fee options which does not put a strain to your wallet. Competition between providers also means that the rates will stay low and content offerings likewise will expand.
Packages may also be cancelled or can be altered without its costs incurred. Also, many cable companies will lock you to expensive packages and will charge early termination fees when you want to cut the cord before your contract is up.
Another advantage of streaming services is on the fact that it’s more flexible than cable. For starters, you can in fact subscribe with the streaming packages and you could also download and watch content wherever you may be than just being stuck on limited choices from your local cable provider. With an online TV streaming, you will be able to watch anything that you like. You could also watch stream movies in whatever device you will use.
The different streaming services likewise work in a way to where it is able to offer customers a whole lot more viewing experience. There’s also a removal of advertising, which is something that viewers really like.
There’s also a personalization which is being provided by different companies. See to it that you also check on the various streaming companies in the market so you are able to find out that there are some that works to make the viewing experience easier and pleasurable.
Another benefit that online streaming has is that content producers are in fact more flexible. Rather than having to adhere on the standard television formats, you could enjoy many series which are downloadable.
The demographics, language settings and restrictions are something that you should never worry if content is shown through streaming services than on set time slots on TV. Having such freedom will lead to creative content that may appeal more audience.
Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: 504ea3d44700d329c99d088bf882d470
Vasishta Multicuisine Restaurant, 3rd Floor, Light House Building, Opposite Image Hospital, Madhapur, Hyderabad.
Hello, I would like to notify you that I am the owner of this listing. I would like to verify its authenticity.
Hello, I would like to inquire more about this listing. Please let me know how can I get in touch with you. Waiting for your prompt reply?
Sunshines in the skies and frisbees throwing everywhere. Yes, it’s the feel of summer. You wear sundresses and put on your shades. What an awesome day. You walk into the drug store, and suddenly so many things you didn’t think you need until now.
Who says red lips are only for winter? Well, that person clearly hasn’t had their eyes open in a while. While dark reds and maroons are better for colder seasons, orange or fiery reds are perfect for a sunny day out. Dress it up with perfect and flawless skin, put on some waterproof mascara, or heck just put on some cool shades and you’re good to go!
Opt for a regular formula if you have dry skin, or go for the oil-free type if you have oily skin. Set it with a thin layer of loose powder and you’re good to go. Pair this up with your fire lips from above and be prepared to see heads turn as you walk by.
The non-cakey part is essential. Well, actually the sunscreen part is the most essential. We don’t want skin cancer. But hey, don’t mess up your entire face with some terrible sunscreen. If you’re looking for a gentle formula, try Shiseido. If you’re looking for something completely matte, try Biore face milk or loose powder sunscreen from Peter Thomas Roth.
Refreshing isn’t it? Shower or bathe in fruity summer scents. I know you can already imagine how this would affect your senses and stress level. Amen. If you’re not into fruity, give Neutrogena’s Rainbath a good try. Refreshing without the fruitiness.
Use lightly with bright lips and more intensively with a somewhat naked look. Pick one that could be applied on both cheeks and lips like Benetint if you like natural red cheeks and lips, or Posietint if you like popping pink! Or go for Tarte Amazonian Clay blush if you want a softer look. Another great line is Lola. My favourite one is Afternoon Delight. If you love the color of Nars’s Orgasm but hate the glitter, this is the one to go.
A great waterproof mascara is a girl’s best friend. Find a no clump no smudge formula. I love love love Lancome’s Hypnose Doll Eyes because of the no clumping formula, and the shape of the brush which lets you apply cleanly without smearing your lids or undereye. If that is an expensive option, try its sister brand that is a fraction in price: L’Oreal. Find brush type that you like, depending on the shape of lash you want, and go for it. Another pretty good one is Covergirl’s Lash Blast. Also, I usually hate Maybelline’s mascaras but found that Falsies has pretty awesome formula as well. Oh oh oh, another one I loveeeee which you may have never heard of: Fair Drops Platinum Film Type Mascara. It’s amazing. The best ever and so easy to wash off because of its film properties. The only thing I don’t really like about it is the huge brush which could be messy if you’re not careful. If I had to pick my most favourite mascara, it would be a tie between Lancome’s Hypnose Doll Eyes and Fair Drops Platinum Film.
The light smell and freshness will make you feel light and happy all day. An awesome scent that makes you think of summer is all the Juicy Couture’s scents. But if you don’t want to over complicate, and want to go old school, please be introduced to good old 1844. It’s not expensive, yet hands down classy. I splash it on myself after shower and love the icy feeling with citrusy refreshing smell. I’m ready to start my day.
Colorful is the way to go, and Gel Effect is the only classy option now that it exists (unless you completely go gel, which is also ultra classy). Give yourself a homemade manicure by soaking your hands in warm water with soothing salt. Put on some cuticle cream on and carefully trim off excess skin. Wipe your hands clean and apply some base coat before applying two layers of colorful gel effect nail polish. Wait until dry and apply some aromatic oil to finish. Repeat with your feet. Put on some sandals and off you go!
Do not underestimate the power of a clean face and flawless skin. To fix any problems, you have to start at the core of the problem, your skin. Of course you should drink lots of water and use good facial cream. ButSteer clear of cleansers with too much alcohol or perfume. If your face wash is not compatible or too rough on your skin, you could end up with breakouts or irritable skin. Best way to go is to use a gentle formula which still has the ability to thoroughly cleanse your skin. My favourite is Shiseido’s Perfect Whip. It’s truly amazing and I am on my 4th if not 5th tube (a little goes a long way!).
Hi there i am kavin, its my first time to commenting anyplace, when i read this post i thought i could also make comment due to this sensible piece of writing.
The gallery exclusively features the limited edition hand finished fine art photography of Kenneth Lane Smith.
Within seconds of entering the gallery, it is very clear that Kenneth takes his work seriously. Whether climbing muddy mountain tracks, navigating through steamy rainforests, or wading into a freezing cold stream to get the right perspective, Kenneth will go pretty well anywhere to capture that perfect image! His quest has taken him throughout the USA, the Caribbean, New Zealand, Australia, Indonesia, Singapore, Italy, Greece, Montenegro, and of course right here in the Niagara Peninsula -- and the results are very obvious.
The goal for Kenneth has always been to present his work as he has seen it in the natural world so he prints all of this works onto imported cotton canvas and frames them without glass which results in a very dynamic, almost three dimensional viewing experience which must be seen in person to be truly appreciated.
Kenneth’s limited edition photographic artworks are all hand finished and come with a signed and numbered Certificate of Authenticity.
With over 3000 collectors in 27 countries owning close to 10000 of his artworks, it is easy to see why Kenneth is now one of the top selling artists in Canada.
Way back when I was a kid (that’s way, way back:-) there was a cartoon character named Snagglepuss, whose famous line was, “Exit Stage Left”.
Don’t be alarmed as I am not exiting right this moment, but Joyce and I have decided it is time to begin winding down the gallery.
As you may know, I typically work seven days a week, 10 months a year. I am approaching twenty years of this lifestyle and quite frankly I am tired. So tired, it’s time to be retired:-)
As you might expect, I have a lot of inventory that has to go out the door before I do, and I know it will take some time to find loving buyers for my remaining works. So, I am announcing that the final chapter has begun.
If you are interested in adding to your collection of my works, I urge you to come into the gallery as soon as you can for the best selection. Or, maybe you have friends or family who have seen my work in your home and would like to take advantage of this opportunity as well.
There are some pieces in which I have a number of copies, but in many cases, I only have one copy in stock and I have no intention of producing any new works. So, the sale applies to whatever pieces I have in-stock. The proverbial Early Bird get the worm:-)
On another note, even though this is not quite the end yet, I want to thank you for your support of my works over the years. It has been a most rewarding career and I appreciate the honour of having you invite my life’s work into your home. I will always be grateful for that.
I am offering my entire collection of both framed and unframed artworks, with huge discounts of up to 75% OFF.
The meeting that will be hosted by the Indonesian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KADIN), will be under patronage and honour of the Indonesian president Joko Widodo, and the presence of of the management board members who will represent the following countries: Djibouti, Egypt, Iran, Indonesia, Jordan, Kuwait, Niger, Malaysia, Mali, Oman, Pakistan, Palestine, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, Turkey, Uganda and the United Arab Emirates. Also the “Organisation of Islamic Cooperation” will be present as an observer.
Notably, this management board meeting for the Islamic Chamber is held twice a year, and it is hosted by a different member country every time.
This blog is a place to find new and exclusive tips for developing Java Netbeans GUI programs.It highlights the news about the new plugins and tutorial to help the programmers at the mundane level to work with...
According to my views you are going in a right direction, while dealing with Java , Netbeans is something that all Java developers generally prefers to go with. Being new to Java I would love to go for your Java tutorials.
Hello Public!It's a guy named Parminder Singh from Delhi who loves Programming and Web designing. I am currently pusuing my B Tech from GTBIT,New Delhi...I adore honesty and hates hypocricy,inauthenticity and Bragging........ I'm a fun loving person. So,Why not try me???? Catch me at http://parmindersinghblog.tk/
Birds weren’t all that we saw in Puerto Rico. There were many butterflies seen flitting about that I didn’t get photographs of. These included Great Southern White, Cloudless Sulphur, and Florida Purplewing. I did get one decent butterfly photo of a Mallow Scrub-Hairstreak.
We found two funky-looking moths. The first flew into the restaurant during dinner in Maricao. It’s about the size of a monarch.
We also saw this interesting lizard in a tree. Maybe someone out there knows the ID. It’s probably another anole! (Update - might be Puerto Rican Crested Anole)
It is a PR Crested Anole, it is the most common species in PR. The green one is an Emerald Anole (Anolis evermani). Nice photos!
Hmmm, there used to be a blogger somewhere around here, wait... I'll find him, he can't be that far away,...
Who? What? Huh? Eh? I got an offer to buy my domain name for $3500. I think it's a scam, but it looked pretty legit.
Might try and get a group of Birders who blog tweet and chirp together end of Aug. not sure where in new england yet..might be a bit late for peak shorebird migration, correct?
This is your chance: come out of your closet, you can't hide from us forever! We want Hawk Owl Nest posts!!
Wave Hill, in partnership with New York City Audubon, presents a day-long event celebrating birds of prey on Sunday, September 26th. Join us for live raptor shows, bird walks, informative talks, discovery tables, birding equipment demonstrations and much more! Advanced registration is recommended for some programs due to limited capacity. Programs are free, except where noted. Please visit www.wavehill.org for more information and registration.
I read this article fully concerning the difference of most recent and earlier technologies, it’s amazing article.
Thanks for your personal marvelous posting! I actually enjoyed reading it, you could be a great author.I will be sure
I don’t realize who you’re however definitely you’re going to a famous blogger when you aren’t already.
Hi, i think that i saw you visited my web site so i came to go back the desire?.I am trying to find things to enhance my web site!I assume its ok to use a few of your concepts!!
Whether you are heading to a foreign country or another city for business or pleasure, there are a number of benefits to renting a car. When you rent a car, there are some important factors you will want to take into consideration, ensuring you get the best deal based on your unique travel arrangements and budget.
The first tip when you rent a car is to ensure you choose the best vehicle that meets your needs. If you are travelling as a couple, then choosing a compact vehicle which can easily accommodate you and your luggage will be more convenient and economical than hiring a large family sedan. Choose the vehicle based on what you need taking the number of people and luggage into consideration to ensure you have a comfortable drive wherever you are travelling to anywhere in the world.
Book your car hire in advance. Many of the car hire companies offer early bird specials, which enables you to rent a car at a discounted price. This can save you a considerably sum of money in the long run,, enabling you to enjoy your vacation, travel throughout the area and to have a little extra spending money in your pocket.
Shop around for the best prices. Remember not all rent a car companies offer the same vehicles or the same deals. Shopping around and having a look at a few options can help you identify which deal is the right one for you. Look fro vehicle types, prices and inclusions, this will give you a good understanding on which company will offer you more for your money.
Another tip when you rent a car is to learn as much about the car hire company as you can. You want to identify their reputation and ensure the company you choose will provide you with the best service and support, offering you the best car hire experience that you will want to use time and time again in the future.
Look at what is included in the rent a car contract. Some companies will offer you a host of extras, which are all included in your rental price, such as unlimited mileage, roadside assistance and third party insurance. See what you get for your money and consider options which will give you more for your money in the long run, but also from companies that have the best reputation for providing safe, well maintained and serviced vehicles that you can trust.
Ask the company about the overall cost when you rent a car. Be aware that some companies will have hidden costs which they may not tell you about and that you have to be wary of. Be prepared and ensure that when you collect the vehicle and when you return it, the only price payable is the price you were originally quoted. Traps to watch out for is the fuel. Some companies will provide you a vehicle with a full or half tank of fuel on the agreement you return it with the same amount, ensure you do this, if the car rental company needs to fill up the vehicle, they may charge a surcharge and they will definitely charge a higher amount for the fuel than you would pay at the petrol station.
Finally, a last tip when it comes to renting a car is to identify if the company offers a pick up and collection service and if so, do they charge for it. The more reputable companies will provide you with this convenient service completely free of charge.
Autumn is a wonderful time. It is the end of the beginning. In Spring, everything comes to life after being...
How wonderful is it when a family member or friend moves abroad for a job opportunity? Suddenly, questions of where...
In March of 1778 Captain James Cook sailed the waters of the North Washington Coast where there was an opening...
Summer fun begins when school is out and no more studies, that is for some kids. Schools now offer the...
What is Kurtaceous you ask? Kurtaceous is a word I made up to address a prevalent kind of email that is sent to group email listservs. Most group email listservs have guidelines about subject matter that must be adhered to, for example I belong to the Arizona New Mexico Birdlist and proper etiquette is to only post messages about birds or birding in Arizona or New Mexico, messages about your recent trip to Texas or Africa are frowned upon and in most cases looked upon as simply bragadocious emails. And political messages about cats killing birds or ornithologists collecting birds are examples of topics that have been banned from discussion!
The JavFinder.Se Team is always updating and adding more porn videos every day. It's all here and 100% free porn. Best view with Safari/FireFox/Google Chrome, HTML5 Player, FullHD dimension. Jav Free, Jav Streaming, Jav Uncensored, Jav Censored, Jav Online
This entry was posted on Thursday, May 11th, 2017 at 06:34	and is filed under Censored, NHDTA. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
The information contained on this website represents the views and opinions of Jayashree Electron Pvt. Ltd. (hereafter referred to as JEPL) on the issues discussed, as of the date of publication. Jayashree makes no warranty as to the accuracy of the assessments made herein.
JEPL does not undertake the responsibility of regularly updating the contents herein and does not undertake any liability in any matter arising as a result of any action / inaction which places dependance on the information and / or statements made available on this website.
In no event shall JEPL be liable for any kind of damage resulting from any cause or reason, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from this website.
JEPLmay change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. JEPL reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site.
What a great day. This has to rank as one of my two or three favorite days of this tour. The scenery was beautiful, the road surface was nice, the hills were challenging and the weather was, yet again, just about perfect. It was even a reasonably short ride (at least compared to every other day over the past couple weeks) so I was able to finish the ride by mid-afternoon even with taking my time to stop and take
The forecast was for a 40% chance of thunderstorms and the clouds looked just a bit ominous, but within a few hours the clouds had largely cleared and the sun was shining. There were a few times on some of the climbs when it got a bit warm, but it also felt a bit
Most of our riding today was on Rt 33, a scenic highway that winds its way over the Appalachian mountains into Virginia. There were some cars and trucks on the road, but overall the traffic was fairly light. We did take one short detour for about 10 miles on a small single-lane road through the German Valley. This was one of the most fun parts of the day, as the road twisted and turned through the countryside with virtually no car traffic.
We had about a half dozen significant climbs, culminating with the largest up Shenandoah mountain to the Virginia border. At least with regards to climbing, the ride reminded me of a century ride in my area called the Torture 10,000 which I did last year. A couple of my friends just did this year's version, so they'll have some idea of what my day was like today.
Our crew had an unusual and unwelcome adventure this morning. Dena was driving the van with the lunch trailer and as she came around a corner on one of the descents, a full grown bear was in the road right in front of her. She had no choice but to hit it square on. The bear was still alive but badly injured after being run over by van and trailer and the animal control officer was called to deal with it. Miraculously, the van and occupants were unharmed although Dena was understandably shaken. The only damage was to the license plate as seen in the photo below.
We're now in our last state and on the home stretch. Tomorrow's ride should be another beautiful one as we pass through Shenandoah National Park.
Lots of small creeks along the roads today The roads had relatively little traffic on them, particularly early in the morning John is making a screaming descent after the first climb. This is the descent where Dena hit the bear
The layering effect created by a light haze was beautiful Two puppies kept us company at the first SAG stop Arend passed me while I was taking some photos
This little single-lane back road wound through the German Valley Another little creek A farm along the German Valley Road
Alan climbing one of many hills today The only damage from hitting the bear was a battered license plate and some bear hair on the bolts We entered our last state today
jazy.net offers custom Content Management Systems (CMS) architecture construction, consulting, web-forging, or help with various other projects. For hire, as time permits. Contact here.
Building, crafting and creating website infrastructures, configuring servers, making domain recommendations, and DNS, registrar and Email and changes - if you have an issue with your website, email, or servers, we can likely help you solve it. Specializing in Drupal & Wordpress.
jazy.net are also experts at migrating flash-based sites into a CMS which allows the site owner to have full edit control, as well as allows search engines to index the site and all the tagged content - this is a big win for the website, for in order to get visitors, obviously your site needs to be indexed properly by the search engines (SEO), as flash based sites do not get indexed properly, and of course, they do not work on iOS devices (iPads, iPhones, etc.)
Another common service that we've helped many partners with, is moving from the openly misogynistic, and elephant-hunting, domain registrar (godaddy.com / domaincontrol.com) onto a more values-aligned service provider. For more information, read the tale of how Go-daddy's (former) CEO went elephant hunting in Africa, at GoElly.com. Godaddy.com may be one of the cheapest registrars, but there may be hidden costs many folks are unaware of - is this really a company you wish to be affiliated with and patronize? We recommend the registrar NameCheap.com - great service (which doesn't use scantily clad women & racing cars in advertising, and no hunting of elephants by its CEO.)
As jazy.net is/was also the home for the powwow chat software vintage, virtual, dynamic museum - fear not PowWow users - for we still have the server running for you (when our win2k box is running, that is); still at powwow.jazy.net (just make sure to add the powwow. subdomain.)
Cathy then walked up the north perimeter steps, which took her out at the side of the garage, overlooking the swimming pool. She got the above shot through a gap in the woodwork. As she says:"The two little heads that can just be seen through the fence are Julian and a "little girl from down the hill". The photo was taken from the car port."
I would never have spotted the "two little heads", but there they are. You can also just make out part of the "Psychedelic Eye" on the wall of the swimming pool itself.
I'd never noticed before, but some of the plans on these pages show an area of concrete to the side of the garage. Cars were one of John's big extravagances during the '60s, so this area was likely used to park any that wouldn't fit in the main garage.
You can just see the spot, from where the above photo was taken, to the left of the garage in the black and white pic below:
Once again, many thanks go to Cathy and Lizzie. Next up, the front gate, drive and some more views of the house.
Absolutely amazing!! What an intimate, privileged view Cathy's pics have given us of Lennon era Kenwood! Thank you sooooo much Cathy!
I have REALLY enjoyed Cathy's photos. They are very interesting and insightful. I would like to thank both Cathy and Lizzie for sharing them with us. I am very thankful for these ladies for bringing joy into my day!
No, it was on that wall that you can see there. I think John's original idea was to have a mirrored bottom to the pool; he was disuaded from this on the grounds that it would be dangerous/insane. Instead, he designed the Eye mural, current whereabouts, I think, unknown. (Last I heard it was on display somewhere in Liverpool. Anyone know if it's still there?)
By "wall", I mean that end of the pool, or side of the pool. I'm sure there is a good way of putting it. But this isn't it.
Kerala Hotels, Ernakulam Hotels, Homestays in Ernakulam, Munnar Hotels, Alappuzha Hotels, Resorts in Ernakulam
Hotel Info: Paloma backwater resort is flourished in the midst of lush green paddy fields and coconut groves. The resort is located in Kainakary at Kuttanad in Alappuzha, a place that is famous for its immaculate scenic beauty. The resort welcomes its guest with well maintained and furnished 32 deluxe rooms and 3 pool villas all facing the lake. To assure the ease and bliss in the minds of the guest the resort offers a wide range of amenities that includes SPA, swimming pool, kids pool, conference hall, board room, gym, 24 hrs room service, laundry facility, internet facility, ayurvedic massages, restaurant with continental, kerala, and Indian cuisine, coffee shop, and lot more...
Zombies Ate My Phone played 42 times Orcs Attack played 25 times Armored Corps played 30 times Mushroom Madness played 32 times Hobo 5 Space Brawls Attack of the Hobo Clones played 29 times Echoes Operation Stranglehold played 26 times Mass Mayhem 4 played 23 times Sift Heads 1 Remasterized played 45 times Deadswitch played 50 times Sift Heads World 5 played 17 times SAS Zombie Assault 3 played 11 times Bush Shoot Out played 14 times Rapid Fire played 10 times Awesome Tanks played 12 times Epic Friends played 8 times Sketchman played 8 times Steamlands Player Pack played 12 times Sift Heads Assault 2 played 11 times Ether War played 8 times The Sniper 2 played 10 times The Next Floor played 10 times Pothead Zombies played 8 times Madness Lunacy played 8 times Twin Shot played 10 times Days2Die played 10 times 2112 Cooperation 3 played 11 times 2112 Cooperation 5 played 7 times Scratch The Bounty Hunter played 13 times Radio Zed played 8 times Line of Fire played 9 times Kaboomz 3 played 7 times Sift Head Street Wars played 12 times Desert Rifle played 10 times Zombies Dead Land played 14 times Daytraders of the Dead played 7 times Survival Farm played 9 times De Animator played 8 times Sas Zombie Assault played 14 times Zomgies played 9 times All We Need is Brain Level Pack played 11 times Hellvolution played 8 times Impale played 10 times Ultimate Robotoru played 8 times Bunker played 7 times BigTree Topgun played 8 times Storm Ops played 9 times Tesla played 11 times Ninja Dogs played 8 times Experimental Shooter played 6 times Big Battle Tanks played 7 times Elona Shooter played 8 times Submarine Vs Aliens played 7 times The Breach played 8 times Desert Rifle 2 played 17 times Desert Moon played 9 times Insectonator played 9 times Mass Mayhem 3 played 8 times Monster Mowdown played 9 times Zomgies 2 played 7 times Rebellion Species played 6 times Retriever played 10 times Sift Heads Assault 3 played 8 times Robokill played 11 times Sift Heads World 2 played 7 times Crusade played 7 times Zombus played 8 times Gibbets 3 played 9 times Thing Thing Arena Pro played 8 times Ghosts and Grenades played 7 times Shatter Bot played 9 times City Siege Sniper played 7 times Bowman 2 played 14 times Sift Heads Cartels Act 1 played 9 times Palisade Guardian played 8 times Heavy Weapons played 8 times Outpost Haven played 9 times Dead Zed played 9 times Archers Oath played 8 times Artillery Rush played 7 times Steam Droid played 11 times Sniper Police Training played 7 times D-Day Sniper played 8 times Cf Bloody Battle played 10 times Panda vs. Aliens played 8 times Alien Striker played 7 times Mountain Hill Back Home played 6 times Endless Night played 8 times Gun Mayhem Redux played 9 times Flash Point played 9 times Homerun in Berzerk Land 3 played 8 times Stick Gangster Duel played 7 times Spunky vs Aliens played 7 times Rico Ninja 2 played 7 times Age of Wonder 2 played 8 times Cowboy vs Martians played 9 times Juicy Bazooka played 7 times Combat Hero Adventures played 7 times Impale 3 played 1 times Impale 3 played 7 times Dark Dayz played 9 times Kids vs Santa played 9 times Space Cop played 13 times Trigger Runners played 8 times Trucking Zombies played 7 times Operation Fox played 8 times The Utilizer played 8 times Sift Heads World Act 5 played 6 times Mummy Hunter played 15 times Luigi Shoot Zombie played 8 times Minions Fighting Back played 6 times Alien Guard played 9 times Fish and Destroy 2 played 7 times Gear of Defense 3 played 7 times Baby Barbie: Summer Photo Shooting Prep played 7 times Stick Em Up played 13 times Army Force Firestorm played 10 times
BalanZ is a fun and addictive physics style game where you have to build the highest tower you can! The game …
Kodu is this boy who is trying to find his way through a series of mazes. As he goes around Kodu has to collec…
Are you a true nerd? Do you have what it takes to get through a High School maths test? Try your best in this …
According to François Ramade (2002), the biosphere can be defined "in the simplest manner as the region on the planet where life is possible, and where all living beings are found". This concept, alongside that of the ecosystem, has given ecology its dimension as a global science of the environment. Curiously, geographers have not made much use of this notion, with the exception of bio-geographers (Braque 1988, Rougerie 1988). In recent years this focus has not been widely returned to. Thus, in the Dictionnaire de l’Environnement written by geographers and coordinated by Yvette Veyret in 2007, there are several entries for biodiversity, but the biosphere is absent. The terms was nevertheless coined by proponents who have become prominent in the social debate on environmental issues, and geographers fully intend to be part of this debate.
For the Austrian geologist Eduard Suess who forged the term (1875) biosphere referred to the complementary concepts of the lithosphere, the atmosphere and the hydrosphere, but is was static. The term was only really conceptualised with the publication in 1926 of The biosphere by the geo-chemist Vladimir Ilitch Vernadsky (see Drouin 1993). In this work, in an evolutionist perspective, he talks of the "biologisation" of the planet earth, whereby the development of life rendered the planet increasingly "habitable". Integrating the interactions between living organisms and the physical and chemical components of the environments in which they live, Vernadsky emphasises the fact that the biosphere forms a dynamic system in which living organisms, considered as "transformers that convert cosmic radiation into active terrestrial energy" (quoted by Matagne, 2002) have a pivotal role. Thus he was a pioneer, pointing to the essential function provided by plant cover in climate and its evolution, and underlining the importance of forest formations.
The perspectives opened up by Vernadsky were a source of inspiration for the scientists and philosophers who promoted globalising approaches to ecology, in which the physical environment, living organisms and humans are inter-dependent. At the time when the social issues of the environment were gaining ground, the concept of the biosphere was adopted in holistic approaches that consider this complex system as superior to the sum of its components. Thus the philosopher Jacques Grinewald (2006) placed the history of humanity within the history of the biosphere, in an article entitled "the industrial revolution on the scale of human history of the biosphere". In these perspectives, terms other than that of biosphere have sometimes been preferred, such as the "ecosphere", or the still much debated Gaia proposed by the physicist James Lovelock and the mo-microbiologist Lynn Margulis. These two authors indeed go even further, considering the biosphere to be alive.
In 2010, the "year of biodiversity", IUCN (the International Union for the Conservation of Nature), re-focusing debate on the future of the co-evolution of humanity and the biosphere, set out to promote an "ethic of the biosphere". According to Patrick Blondin (2010) this ethic was to be based on the requirement to seek out "the best means of ensuring sustainability and adaptability of the biosphere". To this end, he adds, to strengthen its own ability to adapt, humanity must be careful to maintain its potential for cultural diversification.
In this debate, geography has the ability to give an picture of the patterns and layout of biological diversity, and of the spatial modulations of changes that affect the biosphere. Classically, vegetation has been used as an indicator of the geography of the biosphere. Botanical geography, or Alexander de Humboldt’s "geography of plants", a discipline that in his 1805 speech he stated existed only in name, had its golden age, giving birth both to modern geography and to ecology. Yet it would seem today that the question of the spatial distribution of vegetation is of only minor interest, since the main rules and features are already known and established. The various classification systems describe vegetation as a mosaic of discrete homogeneous units, coinciding at points on the earth’s surface whose ecological characteristics they are assumed to reflect; these units are grouped together, via a nesting of scales, to form larger units, producing the biomes and the biosphere itself. However these main features prove to be more uncertain than has been assumed, and the classic spatial models that we have inherited, taken literally, lead to inaccuracies, and even misapprehensions.
These spatial models, which were drawn up in earlier, different settings, with different modes of thought and different objectives from those pursued at the start of this 21st century, need to be aired, adapted and adjusted to answer the questions facing us since our societies have started to worry about the state of our terrestrial environment. For instance, we can seriously wonder if it is worth persevering with the planisphere of the main terrestrial biomes as it stands, since it is little more than a myth: it represents vegetative landscapes as they would have been had humans never been there, or had the climate remained fixed since its beginnings, or had the list of these vegetative landscapes been closed once and for all a few thousand years ago. Paleo-biogeographical studies tell us clearly that this fictitious past has never existed, and that in the future, even if humanity disappears, the biosphere will never look like that.
Vegetation is not the mere mirror of the environment: the combination of the ecosystems that form the biosphere does not necessarily coincide in detail with the spatial structure of the vegetation. This is true both of the structure that is readily perceptible in the general aspect of the vegetation, and of the more subtle structure that emerges from an accurate inventory of the flora. These two structures are most often not on the same scale, and the processes that generate them and make them evolve are only partly the same. The correspondence between vegetation and environment – this theory that the vegetation mirrors the environment, all the more accurately where it has been possible to take account of all the species making up that vegetation – should thus not be assumed. More simply, it can be stated that the variations observed in vegetative cover are indicators of certain biological and ecological processes, on variable time scales (and it is these processes that together form the ecosystems). The variations are also indicators of the impact of human societies on the different environments (Alexandre & Genin, 2010). Once the rules have been redefined in this manner, the geography of vegetative cover can continue to contribute usefully to providing a geographical representation of the biosphere, which i fact requires constant redefinition.
The notion of the biosphere has also gained popularity via the establishment from 1976 by UNESCO of a network of "biosphere reserves". These occupy a particular position in the geography of protected natural areas (Depraz, 2008), in that they can be defined as experimental territories for ideas developed by the scientific community in different organisations or international conservation programmes. They arose from reflection launched by UNESCO with the collaboration of IUCN in September 1968 in Paris on the "scientific foundations of the rational use and the conservation of the resources of the biosphere". This reflection was continued from 1971 in the Man and Biosphere programme (MAB-UNESO).
The central aim of MAB-UNESCO was the creation of biosphere reserves, which were not to be parcels of nature placed under a cloche, but spaces in which economic activities would be reconciled with the sustainability of the natural resources (although the project did concede the need for a "central" zone strictly devoted to conservation and research, to satisfy the proponents of a natural environment completely protected from human disturbance). This compromise was intended to guarantee improved well-being for local populations. We can see here what IUCN referred to in 1980 as sustainable development, a phrase that has, since then, met with considerable success in the dual context of the ideological reappraisals following the collapse of the Soviet Union, and the rise of environmental concerns.
born of Semele—he brought with him liquor from the grape, something to match the bread from Demeter. He introduced it among mortal men. When they can drink up what streams off the vine, unhappy mortals are released from pain. It grants them sleep, allows them to forget their daily troubles. Apart from wine, there is no cure for human hardship. He, being a god, is poured out to the gods, so human beings receive fine benefits as gifts from him. Euripides-The Bacchae - trans. Ian Johnston
Nonnus, Dionysiaca 16. 289 ff : "Goatherd Pan cried out: ‘I wish my father had taught me the trick of that matchmaking wine! I wish I could be lord of the mindtripping grape, like Bakkhos (Bacchus)! Then I should have seen that cruel maiden Ekho (Echo), asleep and well drunken! Then I should have achieved my love, which like a gadfly sends me gadding afar! Farewell to this pasturage! For while I water my sheep here by a neighbouring spring, Dionysos draws intractable Nymphai to marriage by means of his tippler's river! He has invented a medicine for Eros--his plant : away with the goat's milk, away with the milk of my ewes! For that cannot bring sleep to desire, nor a maiden to marriage. I alone, Kythereia [Aphrodite], must suffer. Alas for love! Syrinx [transformed into a reed] escaped from Pan's marriage and left him without a bride, and now she cries Euoi to the newly-made marriage of Dionysos with melodies unasked; while Syrinx gives voice, and to crown all, Ekho chimes in with her familiar note. O Dionysos, charmer of mortals, shepherd of the bridal intoxication! you alone happy, because when the Nymphe denied, you found out wine, love's helper to deck out the marriage!’ ◦Nonnos, Dionysiaca - Greek Epic C5th A.D.
attitudes and beliefsThe British Glass entry features its three-year programme to facilitate collaboration between glass manufacturers and government to create a decarbonisation action plan – setting out the sectors’ priorities for energy efficiency and decarbonisation in areas such as research and development, technology implementation, energy infrastructure, recycling, skills and funding. In April of this year all ten of the UK’s large-scale glass manufacturers signed up to the voluntary action plan. Fabricated and installed by Dortech Architectural Systems Ltd, Senior’s patented PURe® aluminium folding sliding doors feature as part of a stunning extension to Ms Stephen’s home. Offering slim sightlines that maximise views of the property’s pretty garden, the narrow yet robust aluminium frames of the PURe® doors have been powder-coated to provide an attractive brown finish that further complements and connects with the outdoor space.
If an revlon nude attitude lipstick led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article.
CFPB's Final Mortgage Regulations: Ability-to-Repay and Qualified Mortgage Rules > Articles > News > Kaufman & Canoles
E. Andrew Keeney presented this program to NAFCU on March 6, 2013. Click the pdf icon above to view the presentation.
The contents of this publication are intended for general information only and should not be construed as legal advice or a legal opinion on specific facts and circumstances. Copyright 2018.
I have been wanting to do a Quilt Along for a while now and I think this summer will be the perfect time. I chose my pattern Strip Lash, mainely because I have a jelly roll ready to go that is just begging to be made into a Strip Lash quilt.
I will be kicking things off on June 16th by posting pictures of my fabric choices and announcing the great prizes.
Get a hold of one of the following great rulers: 60 degree triangle ruler or Hexagon trim tool from Creative grids or Hex N More ruler from Jaybird Quilts.
Then you can choose what size quilt you want to make out of the 6 sizes offered (crib, lap, twin, full, queen, king) and start gathering some 2-1/2" (width of fabric) strips for your project.
Once you have your fabric selected, post a picture on Facebook or Instagram and make sure to use the hashtag #StripLashQAL so that everyone can easily find all the pictures from the quilt along.
I would love for quilt shops to participate in the quilt along by hosting a Strip Lash sew in day or class at your store. If you are interested, email me (gudrun at gequiltdesigns.com) your scheduled time and day and I will send you some free door prizes to give out at your event. Post photos from the event on social media and your participants will be eligible to win the big prizes too!
Hi Gudrun! I'm not good at committing to projects but will give this a shot. Hope to have it done for the UMWQ Expo in Blue Earth!!!
Hobart Street Food is largely influenced by British English cuisine and cooking styles, because Australia formerly was a colony of the United Kingdom. Being more cosmopolitan in nature than other places in Tasmania, Australia, there is a greater variety of international cuisines in Hobart, such as Vietnamese, Chinese, Indian, German, Greek, Italian, Spanish, American, Cuban, and Mexican cuisines. Locals tend to enjoy Modern European cuisine, and there is a budding cafe culture here.
Food in Hobart is typically found in individual restaurants and cafes. Restaurants and cafes tend to be clustered within an area, typically streets with high traffic. Common ingredients used here include beef, chicken, lamb, fish, prawn / shrimp, oyster, squid, crayfish, lobster, milk, cheese, honey, artichoke, bean sprouts, broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower, cucumber, leeks, asparagus, lettuce, tomato, onion, mushrooms, peas, rhubarb, zucchini, squash, eggplant / aubergine, spinach, corn, apples, bananas, oranges, pears, strawberries, cherries, plums, nectarines, apricots, grapes, pineapple, raspberries, bread, noodles, white rice, potatoes, yoghurt, butter, and more.
Tasmanians pride themselves on the freshness and quality of their local produce, and you'll get some of the freshest food in Hobart. The prevalent culture is farm-to-table, and chefs across the city take advantage of the unique circumstances here by offering a lot of seasonal dishes. Despite the laidback atmosphere, the city is gradually gaining recognition as a gastronomic hotspot.
All beef produced for consumption in Tasmania is free from antibiotic and hormone growth promotants, with nearly all cattle being grass-fed. This makes Mexican inspired dishes, such as the Beef & Egg, really tasty. The strips of sauteed Australia beef are thinly sliced, tender, and savoury salty, pairing well with the fresh vegetal sweet herbal flavours of the salad, which includes white onions, purple cabbage, lettuce, parsley, mint leaves, bell peppers / capsicum, sauteed potatoes, and coriander. Completed with a sunny side up egg and a rich, luscious, beef meat gravy. This is a popular dish in Hobart.
The Beer Carlton Dry is an Australian pale lager, brewed by Carlton & United Breweries (CUB) in Abbotsford, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It has a light, bright golden yellow colour, with aromas of hops, cotton candy floss, lemon, and detergent. The body is thin, dry, and flat, with tastes of malt, wheat, soap, and cardboard. Very faint sweetness and bitterness, almost bland, which makes it easy to drink but not very tasty. Quick drop-off at the finish.
The Beer Wild Yak Pacific Ale is an American style pale ale, brewed by Matilda Bay Brewing Company in Fremantle, Western Australia, Australia. It has a hazy, dark bronze golden colour, with aromas of toffee, grass, biscuit, and passionfruit. The body is light, thin, and watery, with moderate carbonation, and tastes of hops, wheat, peach, and honeydew melon. Nicely refreshing with its delicate fruity sweet flavour that has a hint of bitter, but the finish has a metallic undertone that quickly fades.
The alcoholic Cider Little Fat Lamb Brewed Ginger Beer is a fruit / herb cider made using sustainably sourced local ingredients, brewed by Drink Craft Pty Ltd in Mount Kuring-Gai, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It has a hazy, dull amber orange colour, with aromas and tastes of ginger. The body is light and lively, bold sweet spice flavours on the palate. I like this refreshing summer beverage.
The alcoholic Cider Little Fat Lamb Brewed Strawberry & Lime Beer is a fruit / herb cider made using sustainably sourced local ingredients, brewed by Drink Craft Pty Ltd in Mount Kuring-Gai, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It has a clear, dull amber red colour, with aromas and tastes of strawberry and lime. The body is light and lively, bold sweet sour flavours on the palate. I like this refreshing summer beverage.
The hardy Broccoli is a common vegetable here, but it's mostly used by the European communities to make soups., or by the Asian or Pan-Asian communities for stir-frying. Has a crunchy texture with a vegetal grassy flavour.
The Chicken Burger is an uncommon American inspired dish, featuring fluffy soft burger buns that sandwich breaded chicken fillets which are tender, moist, and savoury sweet in flavour. Vegetables normally include either lettuce, tomato, or white onions, while optional add-ons include bacon, egg, and cheddar cheese. Dressed with either mayonnaise or tomato ketchup. Typically served with fries on the side.
Throughout Australia, the state of Tasmania is reowned for the quality of its butter and chocolate, leading many confectionery brands to be based in Hobart. As a result, the Chocolate Fudge here is among the best you'll get, rich and creamy smooth in texture, big on sweet chocolate flavour. Beside White Chocolate, Dark Chocolate, and Milk Chocolate flavours, there are many other variations, including caramel, peanut butter, butterscotch, versions with nuts (walnuts, almonds, macadamia nuts, hazelnuts, cashew nuts, pistachios), spices / herbs (cinnamon, chili, peppermint), or versions with dried fruit (raisins, apples, oranges, strawberries, blueberries, lemons).
The Chocolate Hazelnut dipping sauce is served alongside desserts, and is rich and creamy smooth in texture. Bold sweet nutty flavour, makes you crave more.
The Spanish and Mexican dessert of Churros is common in the city, and locals enjoy it with dipping sauces. Hot and freshly fried to order, these are usually coated in cinnamon sugar, with a crisp exterior and a soft interior texture. Greater sweet flavour on the palate, with a tad savoury flavour underneath.
The unique Curry Scallop Pie is a regional speciality here, due to the ready availability of fresh scallops. This signature dish features tender juicy morsels of sweet savoury scallops, mixed with potatoes, onions, and carrots, in a mild savoury sweet spiced turmeric curry gravy. Served within a crumbly pie pastry crust that is nicely butter glazed. More elaborate versions also include peas, corn kernels, or broccoli. Usually eaten as a light meal or a snack, it's commonly sold in most cafes here.
Taking after the Chinese inspired appetizer / tapas / snack of Dim Sum Siew Mai / Pork And Prawn Dumpling, the Aussie take is the Dim Sim Beef. Yes, that's how it's spelt and pronounced here. These fried dumplings have a thin, crisp pastry shell, which cracks to reveal the mixture / stuffing of moist minced beef and crunchy cabbage within. Good savoury salty flavour with a hint of sweet flavour on the palate.
The Gillespie's Ginger Beer is a craft beverage made from a family recipe handed down over 4 generations. It's made with natural filtered rainwater, organic fresh ginger, Tahitian lime, lemon, native Tasmanian pepper berry leaf, yeast, and sugar. This gives it a sweet spice flavour, and the mouthfeel is thin and fizzy. Only 4,500 bottles are made weekly, so it's difficult to find this outside of the state, or even within mass market stores here.
A straightforward Ham & Cheese Sandwich, with crisp toasted and buttered white bread, thin slices of savoury salty ham, and gooey cheddar cheese. Classic breakfast / brunch sandwich or a good snack.
The Hot Chocolate here is rich and creamy sweet, warming and filling. Perfect for cold or windy days. For a more decadent version, the Spanish Hot Chocolate, Madrid Style is even more sweet, chocolatey, and luscious.
Succulent milk-fed lamb is a speciality of the island, and the Lamb Salad has ample slices of moist, gamey savoury lamb meat, which are slow-braised till tender. Nicely grilled with a smoky aroma. Plated with creamy sweet carrot puree, smoky crunchy vegetal roasted asparagus, soft savoury salty confit potatoes, juicy sweet cherry tomatoes, sharp sour pickled red onions, fresh vegetal wild rocket leaves / arugula, and creamy whipped feta cheese. The lamb has been marinated in chermoula, a thick herb and spice marinade which includes garlic, cumin, coriander, oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper, giving it a rich earthy herbal spicy flavour.
You can pretty much get a good Latte anywhere in the city, and it's a common drink ordered throughout the day. Nearly all places use locally roasted coffee beans here.
The Pork Loin here is thick and tender, savoury sweet in flavour, so clean-tasting. It's rarely eaten on its own, or even with a simple sprinkling of salt and pepper, instead the more common way of eating pork here is to marinade it. The Pork Loin, Lemon & Thyme Marinated is among the more popular options, and result in the meat having a fresh sweet sour herbal flavour which is appetizing.
A common method to cook chicken here is to roast it in a rotisserie. The Roast Chicken, Rosemary & Thyme Stuffed takes on the fresh herbal flavours of the rosemary and thyme herbs, imparting the tender juicy chicken meat with its aroma. Each bite is clean-tasting, with notes of savoury sweet salty herbal. As the whole chicken is large, this is normally shared with a group for communal dining.