Who is melania trump the first lady irrefutably has remained private since her husband took the presidential oath of office in 2017 discounting the prestige and limelight that she now. Become gigolo, male escort have fun, earn money. Online dating in slovenia meet people & date in slovenia over 330m users looking for love on badoo. Looking to get a gay place in the region of novo mesto need a map check here at menkarta - updated on 2018.
I agree that my personal data would be collected in portal data base and used for information and advertising e-mails and sms i confirm that i'm 18 years old.
Today’s big deal is that FIS (NYSE: FIS) has agreed to acquire SunGard for approximately $9.2 billion in cash and stock from the consortium of seven private equity firms that acquired SunGard back in 2005 for $11.53 billion. SunGard had filed for an IPO earlier this year, but apparently was running a parallel process.
From the beginning, this deal was a bit of a mess. Media leaks kept forcing the private equity firms (led by Silver Lake) to raise their offer price, resulting in two firms (Carlyle and Thomas H. Lee Partners) to pull out at the very last minute (replaced by Goldman Sachs and Providence Equity Partners, which wrote $500 million checks after just a day or two of independent due diligence).
In the end, however, the participating firms should make money on SunGard (despite the top-line differential).
Here’s how the math works: The original equity outlay was around $3.5 billion. Since then, it paid out more than $700 million in dividends and spun out its disaster recovery unit (the PE firms still hold it). SunGard also sold off its higher education unit for $1.78 billion, but those proceeds were used to pay down debt. Then comes today’s $9.2 billion deal, which I’m told includes around $5.1 billion for shareholders (the result is assumed debt), broken out into $2.3 billion in cash and $2.8 billion in stock.
Taken altogether, that’s $5.8 billion on $3.5 billion, or around a 1.66x cash-on-cash return (not including the remaining value of the disaster recovery unit).
Yes, the IRR gets hammered by the 10-year hold time so far, let alone how long it will take to bleed out of the FIS stock. And we won’t really know the returns until we see where the FIS stock is eventually sold. But the worry back in 2005 (or certainly by 2008) was that many of these overpriced “Golden Age” deals would eventually collapse. This certainly isn’t a good deal by PE standards, but it’s also not the disaster that it could have (and perhaps should have) been…
• New fund alert: CAVU Venture Partners is seeking $100 million for its debut fund, according to a regulatory filing. The New York-based firm’s principals include food and beverage entrepreneurs Rohan Oza (Vitaminwater and Smartwater) and Clayton Christopher (Sweet Leaf Tea, Deep Eddy Vodka). For more on Oza, here’s a Fortune piece from last summer.
• Super secure: Cyber security startup Tanium is raising a new round of VC funding at a valuation of at least $2.5 billion, per reporting from Leena Rao and yours truly. One source even suggests the final figure could top $3 billion. It is unclear if final term sheets have been signed, but Institutional Venture Partners is said to be in the mix as a new investor. The eight year-old company previously raised around $142 million from Andreessen Horowitz, including a $52 million infusion earlier this year. Read more by going here.
Founded in 2007, Tanium has raised a total of a $142 million in funding from Andreessen Horowitz, including a $52 million round earlier this year. As Fortune reported in March, what makes Tanium unique is its ability to detect and fix enterprise security threats quickly.
• Alpha-Bits: My lingering question about the Google/Alphabet restructure is how M&A will work at Alphabet, given that it may seek to buy companies that are non-core to Google (i.e., the next Nest). David Drummond is moving over from Google to serve as Alphabet’s SVP of corporate development, but the company is not providing any other M&A staffing info at this time. For now, it appears that Alphabet is a holding company that can’t pick things up.
• Zirtual: Tomorrow I’ll delve more into the collapse of on-demand virtual assistant startup Zirtual, which now is being acquired for peanuts by Startups.co. For now, however, it looks like a massive failure of leadership by the CEO, and perhaps also by the investors (who either weren’t paying attention, or were snookered). Startup.co boss Wil Schroter tells me that Zirtual should have been a profitable company, but kept building out supply (i.e., hiring assistants) well ahead of demand, thus creating an inevitable cash crunch that could only be solved by a VC round that never arrived. Again, more tomorrow.
• Lengthy clarification: Yesterday we reported that e-commerce startup Jet.com is preparing to raise Series B funding at a valuation of between $2 billion and $3 billion. We also mentioned around a $100 million revenue run rate. On that last point, it should have said gross revenue run rate, and the more exact figure is $135 million ($125m from product sales, another $10m from an affiliate marketing program). But Jet.com isn’t actually planning to make money from sales. Rather it plans to break even on that, while making cash on its $50 per year annual memberships. Consider it more of a Costco model than an Amazon or Wal-Mart model.
Jet is said to currently have 50,000 members who have actually purchased goods through the site, one-third of whom have made multiple purchases. That sounds great, except that almost all of them are on free, three-month trials. The real questions are if Jet can hit its goal of converting between 25% and 30% of the free subscribers to paid subscribers, and how fast its subscriber base continues to grow. Either way, it’s unlikely that new Series B investors would know before they’re asked to submit term sheets.
• FIS (NYSE: FIS) has agreed to acquire SunGard, a Wayne, Penn.-based provider of financial services software, for $9.2 billion in cash and stock. SunGard (which recently filed for an IPO) was originally taken private in 2005 by a private equity consortium that included Silver Lake, Bain Capital, The Blackstone Group, GS Capital Partners, KKR, Providence Equity Partners and TPG Capital. www.sungard.com
• Ovid Therapeutics Inc., a New York-based developer of therapies for rare and orphan brain diseases, has raised $75 million in Series B funding. Fidelity led the round, and was joined by Sanofi-Genzyme BioVentures, Tekla Capital Management, Sphera Global Healthcare Fund, Jennison Associates, Redmile Group, Cormorant Asset Management and return backers like DoubleLine Equity Healthcare Fund. www.ovidrx.com
• G5, a Bend, Ore.-based provider of digital marketing solutions for the property management sector, has raised $76 million in new equity funding led by Peak Equity Partners. www.getg5.com
• DoubleDutch, a San Francisco-based mobile event technology company, has raised $45 million in growth equity funding. KKR led the round, and was joined by return backers like Bessemer Venture Partners and Index Ventures. A source familiar with the deal says it was done at a $200 million post-money valuation. www.doubledutch.me
• C2FO, a Fairway, Kansas-based online marketplace for working capital, has raised $40 million in private equity funding led by Temasek. Other C2FO shareholders include Union Square Ventures, Summerhill Venture Partners, OPENAIR Equity Partners, Mithril Capital and Tiger Global. www.c2fo.com
• PokitDok Inc., a San Mateo, Calif.-based online health marketplace, has raised $34 million in Series B funding, according to VentureWire. The company previously raised more than $4 million from New Atlantic Ventures, Rogers Venture Partners and Subtraction Capital. www.pokitdot.com
• VATBox, an Israel-based provider of automated VAT recovery and governance solutions, has raised $24 million in new VC funding led by Viola Private Equity. www.vatbox.com
• Checkmate Pharmaceuticals, a Cambridge, Mass.-based cancer immunotherapy startup, has raised $20 million in Series A funding from Sofinnova Ventures and venBio. The company also said that it has exclusively licensed a validated virus-like particle platform from Cytos Biotechnology Ltd (Swiss: CYTN). www.checkmatepharma.com
• Illumitex Inc., an Austin, Texas-based developer of LED lighting products, has raised $16 million in C1 funding. WP Global Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers NEA, Morgan Creek Capital, Mousse Partners, Apex Venture Partners, Jimmy Treybig, Larry Abrams, DMWMDW Interests and Syngenta Ventures. www.illumitex.com
• Fresh Dining Concepts LLC, a Delray Beach, Fla.-based franchisee of 22 Auntie Anne’s Inc. locations, has raised $9.4 million in equity and senior secured debt financing from CapitalSouth Growth Fund. www.capitalsouthpartners.com
• Inverse, a millennial male-focused media startup led by Bleacher Report co-founder Dave Nemetz, has raised an undisclosed amount of seed funding from Greycroft Partners, Crosslink Capital, Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments, Social+Capital Partnership, Rothenberg Ventures and individual angels. www.inverse.com
• ChyronHego Corp. a Melville, N.Y.-based portfolio company of Vector Capital, has acquired VidiGo, a Dutch provider of software solutions for live broadcast production workflows. No financial terms were disclosed. www.chyron.com
• Electrical Components International Inc., a St. Louis-based maker of wire harnesses for the home appliance industry a, has completed a dividend recapitalization that paid out $50 million to stockholders like KPS Capital Partners. www.ecintl.com
• Infogain, a Los Gatos, Calif.-based IT consulting firm, has raised $63 million in private equity funding from ChrysCapital. www.infogain.com
• Infor, a portfolio company of Golden Gate Capital, has agreed to acquire Oakland-based cloud software company GT Nexus from Warburg Pincus for $675 million. Read more.
• Global Blood Therapeutics Inc., a South San Francisco-based developer of drugs to treat serious blood-based disorders, raised $120 million in its IPO. The company priced 6 million shares at $20 per share (above $16-$18 range), for an initial market cap of around $556 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol GBT, while Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs served as lead underwriters. Shareholders in the pre-revenue company include Third Rock Ventures (63% pre-IPO stake) and Fidelity (13.2%).www.globalbloodtx.com
• CSC (NYSE: CSC) has agreed to acquire Fixnetix, a UK-based provider of front-office managed trading solutions in capital markets. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Delta Partners. www.fixnetix.com
• Freeman Spogli & Co. has agreed to sell Paradies, an Atlanta-based airport travel retailer, to France’s Lagardère Travel Retail, for $530 million. ww.theparadiesshops.com
• Gavea Investimentos is in talks to sell its 30% stake in Brazilian medical lab operator Instituto Hermes Pardini, according to Bloomberg. Read more.
• Tradeshift, a Copenhagen-based digital invoicing platform, has acquired Merchantry, a New York-based provider of cloud-based product information management solutions, for $30 million in cash. Tradeshift last year raised $75 million in VC funding led from Singapore’s Scentan Ventures. Merchantry had raised around $16 million from Greycroft, e.ventures and Kite Ventures. www.tradeshift.com
• Dr Pepper Snapple Group (NYSE: DPS) has agreed to acquire an 11.7% stake in Beverly Hills, Calif.-based sports drink company BodyArmor for $20 million. Read more.
• General Electric (NYSE: GE) has agreed to sell its Healthcare Financial Services business to Capital One (NYSE: COF) for approximately $9 billion. It also has agreed to sell around $600 million of HFS real estate equity investments to an undisclosed buyer. Read more.
• Intellus Holdings Inc. has acquired Classmates.com from United Online Inc. (Nasdaq: UNTD) for $30 million in cash.
• Premier Inc. (Nasdaq: PINC) has acquired Healthcare Insights LLC, a Libertyville, Ill.-based provider of financial management software for hospitals and healthcare systems, for $65 million in cash. www.hcillc.com
• Sumitomo Life Insurance has agreed to acquire Symetra Financial (NYSE: SYA), a Bellevue, Wash.-based provider of insurance and financial products, for around $3.8 billion. Read more.
• Divergent Ventures, a Seattle-based early-stage VC firm, is raising upwards of $25 million for its fourth fund, according to a regulatory filing. It already has secured $5.1 million. www.divergentvc.com
• Flexpoint Ford, a Chicago-based private equity firm focused on the financial services and healthcare industries, has closed its third fund with $950 million. It also has raised $317 million for a side fund that will invest in financial assets like loans, leases and insurance books associated with financial institutions. www.flexpointford.com
• Bertram Capital has promoted both Tom Beerle and Tim Heston to principal. Beerle focuses on deals in the consumer sector, and sits on the boards of portfolio companies A1C, ECS Tuning, Paula’s Choice, Omnis and Spireon. Heston focuses on the industrials sector, and sits on the boards of Clarus Glassboards, Maxcess and Rowmark. www.bcap.com
• Chuck Davidson and Tony Best have joined Quantum Energy Partners as a venture partner and senior advisor, respectively. Davidson is the former chairman and CEO of Noble Energy Inc. (NYSE: NBL), while Best was president and CEO of SM Energy Co. (NYSE: SM). www.quantumep.com
• Genstar Capital, a middle-market private equity firm that just raised $2 billion for its seventh fund, has named J. Ryan Clark as firm president. He originally joined Genstar in 2004. www.gencap.com
• Steve Horkay has joined Dresner Partners as an Irvine, Calif.-based managing director and head of the bank’s PIPE transactions practice. He previously was a senior vice president with Wedbush Securities. www.dresnerpartners.com
• Max Justicz has joined UBS as a managing directors in its Americas financial sponsors group. He previously was in the same role at Goldman Sachs. www.ubs.com
• Jeff Teeven, a founding partner of Consumer Growth Partners, has been named VP of finance at CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust Inc. (NYSE: CORR). He originally joined the company last October. corenergy.corridortrust.com
• Marshall Terry has joined Rotation Capital, a New York-based alternative asset management firm backed by Platinum Equity, as a managing director, chief operating officer and chief compliance officer. He previously was COO and CCO with South Ferry Capital Management. www.rotationcapital.com
• TSG Consumer Partners has promoted Michael Layman to principal. He joined the firm in 2009, and has worked on such deals as Planet Fitness, e.l.f. Cosmetics and Popchips. www.tsgconsumer.com
2011 is just 48 hours away! Get a jump start on what to expect in all that is going to be your loves, madnesses and obsessions! Your future is just a click away: Kiki T's 2011 Frisky Astro Guide!
P.S. Pic shot by the delicious lovely known as Eric Ray Davidson, fashion photographer extraordinaire and make-up is by my uber-pretty and talented friend Stevie Huynh, who also sweetly organized this shoot...and styled it too.... I just had to show up! Xoxox to you both for a totally va-va-voom pic!
Even despite all the insanity of Mercury Rx, Capricorn's power of efficiency can't be slowed, as in whipping all back into shape... As you might know, I like to tempt fate, but it does seem that I always have communication heavy activities when I am hitting the retrograde. Of course with X-mas underway, it's those holiday errands taking control--but this time around, X-mas miracles were all abound, and despite the obstacles, all wound up working out and I own this to the power of a Capricorn sun.
Example: My camera died on the first day of the retrograde, with no warning--as it was working smoothly the day before. I thought it was going to be hell getting it fixed, especially after going to the usual place with my warranty and told I had to send it back to the factory--which just sounded like the most impossible situation, as it was the holidays and Mercury Rx too...I saw a calender with months peeling away in my mind that went into 2012...but less than a week later, it came back all ready to go and despite what I read all over the Internet, I wasn't even charged for it! X-mas miracle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome to the darkest day of the year...but to get to the light, you have to get past the dark. Viva, the surprises in store...
Mercury retrograde has arrived as of 7:04 AM EST. That means the monkey wrench had been officially thrown into the communication works and you can expect snafus in all things that deal with talking, walking and breathing. You know it, nothing comes easy when the planet closest to the earth decides to go on a lunch break and leaves every one hanging to sort out its mess, like a bitter secretary... You can try to fight it, or you can take its cue and realize nothing has to be so urgent or so black and white. In Capricorn, the sign of building, it's about slow progress anyway, so at the least, this retrograde will verify or decimate your hunches.
As for me, for sure, it's making me a believer all over again. As my friend has told me, "You know Kiki, I don't believe in all that stuff you do, but Mercury in retrograde, I totally believe in that."
You know it, despite the calamity, the universe is acting in a way I can get again, as in aspects/transits and planets acting the way they should. For me personally, the Mercury retrograde is in my 9th house, ruling international relationships and lo-and-behold, just prior to the official RX, which is when it starts to gurgle, I heard from a few friends I haven't heard from in a while and all of them overseas! My friend in Buenos Aries, a Nepali friend living in Japan and one of my BFFs from high school in Korea! What are the chances? So no matter what chaos I will be stepping into until December 29th (when this whole debacle will settle down), I get there is a method to this madness and that it ultimately means I am not nuts, astrology does happen! Yeaaaaaay!
I couldn't find a full streaming version of 80s comedy, Ruthless People, but found this smushed version of it instead--which works. After all, it's Mars in Capricorn, who has time to waste on being entertained? You get what you need and you move on. Think ruthless, people!
This weekend I had my first shift as a volunteer for this amazing organization, called Right Rides. They are free service for women, LGBTQ and gender queer individuals, offering safe, late night rides home on Friday and Saturday nights from 11:59 PM - 3 AM, (early Saturday or Sunday morning) in up to 45 NYC neighborhoods across four NYC boroughs. Vehicles are sponsored by zip-car and to get a ride, all you have to do is call (888) 215-SAFE (7233) and voila!
Although I had signed up to be a driver, I didn't get my paperwork in on time, so instead I was the navigator...The deal for volunteers is you're paired up, driver and navigator, and then throughout the night you get texts from a dispatcher and then drive about to pick up people and drop them off. I've always had this fantasy of being a cab driver, romanticizing the strange encounters that can occur, as in people and places, so I thought this is a way to accomplish my Jim Jarmusch dream, while being of some use...The thing that wierded me out is that this service is soo amazing, I am surprised their phones weren't ringing off the hook!!!
Seriously, we got two calls in two hours!!! That was only three drop-offs, which meant a lot of wasted time and fuel just driving around. No matter, it was interesting nonetheless...So yeah, if you live in NYC, save this # (888) 215-SAFE (7233) if you fall into any of the categories aforementioned, because this is a service for you! Save it, use it and pass it around! Maybe one night if we're lucky, you'll have me as your driver and I'll tell you your fortune! ...something is going to happen...
[If you aren't in NYC, don't fret. Right Rides may be coming to your city too. Contact Right Rides to find out how you can help make it happen faster.]
If you live in Australia or know of anyone that lives there, let them know Kiki T. is coming to town!!!!!!! Although I wish I literally was coming, I'll be there in my own little way--as in the details have been confirmed today, this crazy new moon in Sag day, that I am officially the new astrological columnist for Australian mag, Girlfriend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
While this column will be more of the PG variety, since the readers are teen, it'll still be filled with the smartest star advice I can drum up to steer you from the do's and don'ts of the month...leaving your imagination to take it where you will, in terms of smut level.
I have created this website in the hope of making the art of machine embroidery design accessible to every one.
I find this craft simply enchanting and as you are here, assume that it has captured your imagination as well.
Also you can download a FREE MACHINE EMBROIDERY DESIGNS. I update it weekly and have it available in several formats.
EnchantingEmbroidery.com sell embroidery designs that you can easily buy from a secure web site and use in your own embroidery machine. EnchantingEmbroidery.com will then send your chosen designs directly to your computer via Email as an attachment and they can even be mailed to you on a CD or a Floppy Disk.
Whether you are looking to increase your financial prospects in the crafts industry or simply to enrich your personal experimentation in the embroidery crafts, I am delighted to share the discoveries I have made with you
When choosing among a embroidery designs please note their size and format availability, so you can make the right choice for your embroidery machine and hoop size.
Duration: 1:30:46 Download European, German, Mature, Vintage, German Mature, German Vintage, European, German, Vintage German
Duration: 1:30:18 Download Cumshot, European, Handjob, Italian, MILF, Vintage, Handjob Cumshot, Italian MILF, European, Italian XHamster
Duration: 1:29:01 Download European, German, MILF, Vintage, German MILF, German Vintage, European, German, Vintage German XHamster
Duration: 1:27:30 Download Dildo, School, Teacher, Teen, Vintage, School Teen, School Teacher, Teacher Teen, Teen School
Duration: 1:27:06 Download European, German, School, Teacher, Vintage, German Vintage, European, School Teacher, German, Vintage German
Duration: 1:26:56 Download European, Italian, MILF, Vintage, Italian MILF, MILF Ass, European, Italian
Duration: 1:25:34 Download MILF, Office, Threesome, Vintage, MILF Office, MILF Threesome, Office MILF, Threesome MILF XHamster
Duration: 1:25:24 Download Family, Hairy, Mature, Mom, Old and Young, Threesome, Vintage, Old And Young, Family, Hairy Mature, Hairy Young, Mature Hairy, Mature Threesome, Threesome Mature, Vintage Hairy
Duration: 1:25:14 Download Lesbian, MILF, Vintage, MILF Lesbian, German MILF, German Vintage, German, Vintage German
All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. mainsextube.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages.
physik multimedial and its elearning Platform: concepts and implementation Lecturers easy to use easy to administer open access www browser based Students Content LMS material storage usability abililty
free printable spelling worksheets for 6th grade 6 1 kindergarten,free printable spelling worksheets for 6th grade preschoolers kindergarten,free printable spelling worksheets for kindergarten spring worksheet 4th grade 1st,free printable spelling worksheets for third grade 5th graders 3rd second,free printable spelling worksheets for 4th grade 6th test kindergarten,free printable spelling worksheets for 5th graders 4th grade the answers to everyday kindergarten,free printable spelling worksheets for grade 1 6th graders practice words 3rd,free printable spelling worksheets for 1st grade 6th graders great s on 6,free printable spelling worksheets for 2nd grade 1 with download year 6,free printable spelling worksheets for 5th grade 4th graders kindergarten.
This is a placeholder page for Kara Kulhanek, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Kara Kulhanek.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Kara Kulhanek. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Kara Kulhanek. We created this page automatically in hopes Kara Kulhanek would find it. If you are not Kara Kulhanek, but are an alumni of Fairview High School Fairview, PA, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Fairview High School	of Fairview, Pennsylvania
As you’ll soon discover, Zafarelli is for everyone. The language and emotion is delightfully contagious – proving that Zafarelli is the only Italian you need to know!
Zafarelli Pasta was first sold in Australia in 1985, bringing to families everywhere a range of eight all-time favourite pasta shapes, including Spaghetti, Pennette Rigate and Fusilli. Since then Zafarelli’s range has expanded to over 17 different pasta shapes, ranging from the delicate Spaghettini, to the chunky Rigatoni and traditional Instant Lasagna Sheets. Zafarelli pasta is manufactured to an exacting recipe, made to the highest standards. It is available from supermarkets across Australia and is synonymous with the brilliant azure blue packaging. Using a traditional Italian recipe, Zafarelli pasta is produced using the highest quality Durum wheat, which has a hard yellow kernel. This hard kernel is what makes Zafarelli pasta so delicious with its full flavour, perfect al dente texture and rich golden yellow colour. It also produces a superior cooking quality, so every shape of Zafarelli pasta won’t fall apart or stick together. Zafarelli is instantly reconised by its bright blue packaging and coloured flag symbol. It’s now a household name throughout Australia and a real dinner time favourite with so many families. With Zafarelli you can whip up a quick delicious pasta meal any night of the week, it’s just so easy to cook! Zafarelli will bring out the true Italian in everyone!
Receive special news offers and be the first to know about any new Zafarelli products and promotions.
Our latest campaign introduces the (fictitious) town of Zafarelli. A place steeped in tradition and authenticity… just a little further down the road from pasta lovers everywhere.
Here, life goes on unchanged as it has since pasta making began. Every day people sit down to dishes of delicious traditional pasta and enjoy the Zafarelli way of life.
The language and emotion is delightfully contagious – proving that Zafarelli is the only Italian you need to know!
<# if ( data.meta.album ) { #>{{ data.meta.album }}<# } #> <# if ( data.meta.artist ) { #>{{ data.meta.artist }}<# } #>
Enrique Zobel Foundation appreciates your support and interest in getting involved with our vision to enrich children's lives through education. There are many ways in which you can help; make a donation, be a volunteer and organize partnerships.
The E. Zobel Foundation commits itself to contribute in the transformation process of the Filipino poor and other disadvantaged sector of society.
We are committed to provide the youth with the opportunity to experience hope that education brings;
We are committed to promote the well-being of the people and transform them into healthy, self-sufficient and productive members of society.
I have a question about Unicorn attracting, I want to attract a third one in my garden and I can't remember how to set my garden for that.
As it is not my first one is the fully grown Pink cap mushroom and veggies ok ? If not what is the mushroom I have to plant ?
Hello! The unicorn only comes to the pink cap when it’s RFH- since you need one to trim the bush, plant the enchanted pink mushroom and dust until fully grown! The regular Uni will come to that
To help keep Fairyland safe, friendly and spam-free, your help is appreciated in reporting any posts which are offensive, inappropriate, or contain advertisements/spam.
Parks Dinarides -network of protected areas of the Dinarides is dedicated to improving, promoting and supporting natural and cultural values of protected Dinaric regions, and to the implementation of best practices of sustainable development and management. Parks of Dinarides network consists of more than 80 protected areas in Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Croatia, Kosova*, Macedonia, Slovenia, and Serbia.
Due to their outstanding natural features and strategic location at the crossroads of various trade routs, the Škocjan Caves and their surroundings have been placed on the world maps since ancient times. Despite general awareness of this unique cave system with its diverse fauna and flora and a rich cultural heritage, the area was protected at the national level as late as in 1996 when the Škocjan Caves Regional Park was established. The whole protected area is also covered by Natura 2000 and it represents an ecologically important area.
Landscape park of Pivka intermittent lakes – The seasonal lakes of Pivka Nature park is located in the south west part of Slovenia. 99% of the park area is included in the Natura 2000 network.
It is located in the southernmost part of the Ljubljana basin, in the central part of Slovenia. It is on the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites and belongs to the European list of protected areas Natura 2000.
Notranjski Regional Park lies within the boundaries of the municipality of Cerknica, in southeastern Slovenia. Cerknica Lake with the environment is registered at Ramsar, the world's list of wetlands of international importance. Also, due to the endangered species of birds it found in the network of protected natural areas, NATURA 2000.
Kozjansko Park is one of the oldest and largest protected areas in Slovenia. It is located in the east of Slovenia and it has the status of a regional park.
Brioni are fourteen insular green jewels immersed in the blue sea. They stretch along the south-western coast of the Istria peninsula, from which they are divided by approximately 3 km wide Fažana Channel.
Nature Park Učka covers the eponymous mountain and part of Ćićarija area. It is located along the northern Adriatic coast on one of the northernmost points of the Mediterranean, binding Istria and the continental part of the Croatia
Risnjak National Park is located in the northwest of Croatia and in geographic terms it covers forest area of Gorski Kotar. It is located near the Adriatic Sea, about 15 km northeast of the city of Rijeka.
The national park is located on the south of Croatia, stretching in the area of the highest parts of northern Velebit. It includes strict nature reserves Hajdučki and Rožanski kukovi, specific geomorphologic phenomena in which so far more than 150 caves.
Nature Park Velebit is the largest and the most complex protected area in the Republic of Croatia. It covers an area of 2200 km2. It stretches from the mountain pass Vratnik in the northwest to canyon Zrmanje in the southeast, in the length of 145 km
Nature Park Telašćica is located in the central part of the eastern Adriatic coast, in the south-eastern part of Dugi otok (long island).
Grabovača is a hill, part of the continental part of central Velebit, located between Lika karst plains and Perušić polje (field). It is located at 770 m above the sea level.
Nature Park Žumberak – Samoborsko gorje is mostly hilly and mountainous area which covers the southern part of Žumberačka gora and Samoborsko gorje form a natural border of Croatia with Republic of Slovenia, and its northern part on the Slovenian side bears the name Gorjanci.
Kornati National Park covers an area of 217 km2 and includes total of 89 islands and reefs in central part of the Croatian part of the Adriatic Sea. Islands occupy less than 1/4 of the total park area (slightly less than 50 km2), and the sea surface is predominant in it.
National Park Paklenica spreads on the south of Croatia, on the coastal slope of southern Velebit, at the entrance to Velika Paklenica Canyon with a height of only ten meters, to the zone of the highest peaks at 1,757 meters.
The National Park Plitvice Lakes is located in the central part of Croatia on the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina. With an area of 294.82 km2, it is the biggest one of the eight National Parks of Croatia.
Medvednica mountain that rises north of Zagreb, with its highest peak Sljeme, which is located at 1035 meters above sea level. The Nature Park lies in the western part of Medvednica, on an area of 179.4 km2.
NP Krka is located in the area of Šibenik-Knin County and includes the most beautiful part of the river Krka (two kilometres downriver from Knin to Skradin) and lower flow of the river Čikola. The basic phenomenon of this national park and common thing in surface flows of Dinaric rock mass is travertine.
Lonjsko polje is located in the central part of Croatia, bordered by the slopes of Moslavačka gora (mountain) and by the highway Zagreb - Slavonski Brod on the north and by the river Sava on the south side. With an area of 50,650 hectares it is one of the largest protected wetlands along the river Danube.
Lastovsko otočje is one of the largest marine protected areas in Croatia, and it belongs to the Dubrovnik - Neretva County. Within the boundaries of the Park, bordered by the lighthouses of islands Sušca, Tajana, Glavata and the cape Struge on Lastovo, there are 44 islands (the largest are Lastovo and Sušac), islets, rocks and reefs of the total area of 53km2 and 143km2 of sea surface.
The most beautiful mountain in Slavonia, sue to its geological heritage, is inscribed on the UNESCO list, as part of European and world association of Geo-parks. Contains rock formations of outstanding geological interest, which are old even over 600 million years, making them one of the oldest rocks in Croatia.
Right on the coast the mountain Biokovo rises to the highest peak Sveti Jure at 1762 meters and is part of the mountain range of the Dinarides.
Mljet is one of the largest southern Dalmatian islands; it is also the southernmost and easternmost of the larger Croatian islands. The National Park covers an area in the northwest of Mljet, including nearly 5,400 hectares, including islands and reefs, and the sea zone 500 m from the coast. It takes up about a third of the island of Mljet.
The area of the Nature Park Kopački rit is located in the north eastern part of the state, which means that it is part of the wider geographical area of eastern Croatia. It is the area that stretches north from the river Drava from the confluence of the Drava and the Danube and upstream on the left and the right bank to the former dock Kazuk.
The Park area is located in the far west of Bosnia and Herzegovina on the border with Croatia. It encompasses the area canyon part of the rivers Una and Unac, and the space between those two rivers. Waterfalls and rapids of Una represent a remarkable heritage.
Nature Park Blidinje is located in Herzegovina, in the northern zone of the Dinarides, northwest to Mostar, on the right bank of the Neretva. Sources, lakes, valleys and caves, and other geomorphologic forms represent the magic of this Nature Park.
In the south Herzegovina, in a typical karst landscape, on the left side of the Neretva River, is located Hutovo Blato, the unique sub-Mediterranean swamp in Europe, only fifteen kilometers from the Adriatic Sea.
It is located in the south of Herzegovina in the area of south Dinara rock mass, in Popovo polje, near the city of Ravno, 12 km air distance to the Adriatic Sea. The main direction of the cave channels is in the direction of the sea, south-southeast, length of 7 kilometres.
Vrelo Bosne represents the spring of river Bosna, located southwest of the city of Sarajevo, below the slopes of the mountains Igman and Bjelasnica. The richness of nature in this area, which attracts a large number of users, is reflected in the quality of drinking water resources, thermal waters, forests, agricultural potentials, attractive locations for tourism and recreation, as well as in numerous cultural-historical heritage goods.
Skakavac is located in the northern part of the Canton of Sarajevo, encompassing areas of the southern slopes of Ozren, peak and northern slopes of Bukovik. Skakavac is one of the biggest and most beautiful waterfalls in Bosnia and Herzegovina and it represents a real tourist attraction.
This protected area is located on the north-eastern slopes of the Canton of Sarajevo, near plateau of Nišići. Area of Bijambare, with Bijambare cave, is a true pleasure for lovers of caves, clear waters, pine forests and forest silence.
It is located in the forest and mountain area in the southeast of Republika Srpska, on the border between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro. The National Park "Sutjeska" keeps the most diverse complex of the ecosystem in B&H, and it is also one of the most distinctive in the region of Southeast Europe.
SNR „Upper Danube“ is a protected natural resource of the first category, which extends along the left bank of the river Danube. It is part of the large marsh complex, which extends through the neighboring countries of Hungary and Croatia and seen as a whole, it represents one of the last great flood-prone areas in the territory of the European continent
SNR “Bagremara“ is located in the Municipality of Bačka Palanka. Almost 100% of the area is covered with forest and "Bagremara" represents the culture of acacia with very little black walnut and common oak.
Fruška Gora is a lonely island mountain in Pannonia. It is situated in the western part of Serbia, towards the border with Croatia, between two big European rivers, Danube and Sava.
NP Tara covers most of the mountain of Tara, which is located in the westernmost part of Serbia. Tara is a pilot area for NATURA 2000, and it is in the framework of the EMERALD Network.
The area of the Nature Park "Šargan - Mokra Gora" is an internationally Important Bird Area (IBA), an internationally Important Plant Area (IPA), the selected area for butterflies in Serbia (Prime Butterfly Areas in Serbia - PBA) and Emerald area.
Kovilj-Petrovaradin Marches represents a complex of marshy swamp and forest ecosystems. It is situated on the left and the right bank of the Danube, in the floodplains of the middle course, in the southeastern part of Bačka and the northeastern part of Srem.
Once a famous ornithological reserve and today a special nature reserve, this vast swamp-forest complex is located along the river Sava in southern Srem, Vojvodina, Serbia
SNR “Deliblatska peščara/Deliblato sands“ is situated in the extreme southeast of Vojvodina and reaches the river Danube. The area of 35,000 ha is a unique natural phenomenon in Europe. It represents the largest European continental sandstone.
The National Park Đerdap is located in the north-eastern part of Serbia, on the border with Romania, is the Djerdap National Park. It represents the largest national park in Serbia and extends over an area of 63,608 hectares.
Regional park Piva is located in the far northwest of Montenegro, on the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina. The first park of its kind in Montenegro, it has international importance because it connects the National Park Sutjeska (Bosnia and Herzegovina) and the National Park Durmitor (Montenegro)
National Park Lovćen is situated in the southwest of Montenegro. It rises from the edge of the Adriatic basin, closing the Bay of Kotor, making hinterland of the ancient coastal town of Kotor.
It is located in the in the north-western part of Montenegro. The characteristics of this Park are diverse ecosystems, some of the highest peaks of the Dinarides, glacial lakes and the Tara River Canyon. Since 1980, it is on the UNESCO list of World Natural and Cultural Heritage.
Skadar lake is a National Park dominated by aquatic and wetland ecosystems. It is located on the border between Montenegro and Albania. It is the largest lake in the Balkans with an area of 370 square kilometres.
NP Biogradska Gora is located in the northeast of Montenegro, between the rivers Tara and Lim, in the central part of the mountain Bjelasica. The largest part of the Park is the rainforest reserve in the basin of the Biogradska River and Jezerštica and is one of the oldest protected areas in the world.
It is located in the northeast of Montenegro, on the border with Albania. Prokletije are one of the biggest mountain ranges in the Balkans with over 50 peaks higher than 2000 meters, and as many as 20 peaks above 2,500 meters.
“Bjeshket e Nemuna” makes west suburb of Kosovo, descending almost vertically to the east and northeast along the end of Dukagjini valley and the valley of the Ibar River. In the West it closes the mountainous border with Albania and Montenegro.
Sharri National Park is located in the south-eastern part of Kosovo. Sharri Mountain represents a separate branch of the Dinarides and gigantic natural border between Macedonia and Kosovo.
It is situated northeast of the capital of Kosovo, Priština.Germia is rich in natural garden of Kosovo with trees older than 150 years
Mavrovo National Park is located in the southwestern part of the Balkans, near the Macedonian border with Albania and Kosovo, and is part of the municipalities of Mavrovo and Rostusa. This is a great mountain system that stretches along the western edge of the Balkan Peninsula, crossing the borders of several countries.
Public company "Jasen" is located in the central part of the Balkans, in the heart of Macedonia. In addition to the Emerald network, certain areas within this area are on IPA (Important Plant Areas) list.
Pelister National Park is located on the slopes of the mountain Babe in southwestern Macedonia, above the eastern shores of Lake Prespa, in the western part of Pelagonia plain, only 14 km from the town of Bitolj.
The “National Park of Theth” lies into the center of the Albanians Alps, between the block “Bjeshket te Nëmuna” on the west, and the block of Jezerca on the east. Thethi is a tourist – alpinist region and it is the most important one north of the country.
The marine park features ruins of sunken Greek, Roman and World War II ships, rich underwater fauna, steep cliffs and giant caves, ancient inscriptions of sailors on shore, secluded beaches, and breathtaking views of the coastline. Is the only national marine park of Albania.
The Karavasta Lagoon (Albanian: Laguna e Karavastasë) is the largest lagoon in Albania and one of the largest in the Mediterranean Sea. The lagoon is famous for the rare Dalmatian Pelican which nests there: In fact 5% of the world's population of this type of pelican is found in this lagoon.
With an area of 8,000 hectares Valbona Valley National Park is the gem of Albanian Alps - Accursed Mountains.
Qaf Shtama National Park is located 25 km northeast of Kruja. The spectacular views and high peaks of this location are truly breath taking.
National Park Zall Gjocaj has a surface of about 140 hectares and is situated approximately 40 km northeast of the city of Burrel. It offers a very picturesque view and good possibilities for developing the ecotourism.
Llogora National Park (Albanian: Parku Kombëtar i Llogarasë/Llogorasë) is a national park in Albania declared since 1966 by the Albanian Government. The park covers an area of 1,010 hectares and protects the forests on the north side of the Llogara Pass between a height from 470 to 2,018 m above sea level.
Dajti Mountain has a surface area of 3,300 hectares, is highly frequented by day and considered the 'Natural Balcony of Tirana'
The glacial complex of Lura lakes are one of the most beautiful pearls of Albanian nature. The glacial lakes of Lura have a general surface of 100 ha.
Mount Tomorr is a large mountain in southern Albania. Its highest peak, called Çuka e Partizanit, reaches a height of 2,416 m
Butrint, ancient Buthrotum, a port from Hellenistic to Ottoman times, since 1992 is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in south-west Albania, a status that identifies cultural and natural sites of outstanding universal value
The park covers an area of 33,927.7 hectares and shares a border with the Republic of Macedonia. Elevations in the park vary from 300m to over 2,200m at the Peak of Shebenik Mountain, which, along with Jablanica give name to the park.
With an extension of 34,361.1 hectares and a wonderful mass consisting mostly of Macedonian Fir, this national park is one of the touristic pearls of the country, which offers some pleasant surprises in every season, as in winter, where it is covered by snow while in the summer where you can taste its freshness.
The park is situated 10 kilometres from Korça, on the side of the Morava Mountain and has many attractive points including Bozdoveci, Guri i Capit, Cardhaku, etc. The Drenova National Park Forest is known as “Bredhi i Drenoves” (fir trees of Drenova).
Situated at the cross border of Albania, Greece and Macedonia. It consists of both lakes Big Prespa and Small Prespa as well their reservoirs of water. This area is very rich in cultural values.
*This designation is without prejudice to positions on status, and is in line with UNSCR 1244/99 and the IJC opinion on the Kosovo declaration of independence
Registration for participation at the IV Conference of Parks Dinarides - Network of Protected Areas of Dinarides is OPEN
The Dinaric mountains mixed forests compose the montane forest region of the Dinaric Alps between the the Adriatic and East Mediterranean provinces. The climate of the ecoregion is wet and humid. Precipitation ranges are generally above 1500 mm. The well-preserved and vast forests are home of European most elusive predators, such as brown bears, wolfs and lynx.
The travertine formation begins at the rapids, at uneven places in the river bed, on submerged branches... As the water splashes, the chemical balance of the water is disturbed and carbon dioxide is released.
Ancient coniferous forests found in the Nature Park and Biosphere Reserve "Golija-Studenica". The occurrence of numerous monumental trees is an indicator both of the naturalness of the area and of the age of the forest. Some trees reach age of about 400 years and a height of over 40 m.
The outstanding feature of Eurasian smoke tree (Cotinus coggygria) native to southern Europe is the large, airy, plume-like stalks that hold the small flowers. These are covered with hairs that provide the appearance of a puff of smoke. Eurasian smoke tree will grow as either a single-trunked tree or a multi-stemmed shrub. Although it may suffer from dieback in cold winters, vigorous stems bounce back to life in spring.
The codex is 104 pages, hardback, and fully colored. Codex plural codices, but codexes is also occasionally used is the name of a source book for. Codex Tau Empire 4th FCover. jpg. Pioneer cd mc20 manual lawn mower from PDF file. If pioneer cd mc20 manual lawn mower are reading this codex, then you have already taken your first steps into the. Codex that acts as a definitive guide to collecting and unleashing it upon the tabletop battlefields of the. The Tau Empire expands into Imperial space.
And to go with this is a full list of Updates for every Codex http:www. scribd. comdoc77874947Warhammer-40k-6th-Ed-Codex-Updates. WH40K RT Tau Character Guide. Choose a format. Samsung smart switch tutorial de maquillaje. TXT. This part of my review of the new Tau Codex 6th Edition will focus on the new army rules including army-wide rules, Warlord Traits, and drone. In the fictional setting of Warhammer 40, 000, the Tau are a race and a playable.
Hello overwatch, jetpacks, and suicide bombing greater good zealots 6th edition has some fun toys for Tau, the new codex has even more. Okay guys, jumbled up summary from the sources on what the Tau. All friendly units from codex: tau within 6 of the warlord presto 10 manual imprescindible pdf to word stubborn.
Solution manual for accounting information systems 9th edition by gelinas Day the Clown Cried Codex: Harlequins review. When a new codex comes out, one of the first things you need to do is look at pioneer cd mc20 manual lawn mower its different units can. They have Jeremy Vetock, writer of Codex: Tau Empire, the single.
From the aspect of the quantum information theories, various quantum entropies are possibly computed at each stage, which ensures the emergence of the entangled states in the intermediate step. If a single qubit quantum teleportation is near the computational basis, the quantum measurement is domina
Cancer is a group of almost 200 diseases that involve variety of changes in cell structure, morphology, and physiology. Cancer phenotype is underlying several alterations in cellular dynamics with three most critical features, which includes self-sufficiency in growth signals and insensitivity to in
Tomasetti and Vogelstein show that the lifetime risk of cancers of many different types is strongly correlated with the total number of divisions of the normal self-renewing cells maintaining that tissue’s homeostasis. These results suggest that only a third of the variation in cancer risk among t
Bohm used the term ‘holomovement’ which is an unbroken and undivided totality and carries an implicate order which is he totality of an order including both the manifested and non-manifested aspects of the order. Non-local quantum phenomena reside in a subtler level than quantum level that is th
Implications of quantum metabolism and natural selection for the origin of cancer cells and tumor progression
Energy transfer in material solids is driven primarily by differences in intensive thermodynamic quantities such as pressure and temperature. The crucial observation in quantum-theoretical models was the consideration of the heat capacity as associated with the vibrations of atoms in a crystalline
A new theory of the origin of cancer: quantum coherent entanglement, centrioles, mitosis, and differentiation
Low non-specific, low intensity laser illumination (635, 670 or 830 nm) apparently enhances centriole replication and promotes cell division, what is the opposite of a desired cancer therapy. In the contrary, centrioles are sensitive to coherent light. Then higher intensity laser illumination - stil
Most cancer cells utilize aerobic glycolysis irrespective of their tissue of origin. The alteration from oxidative phosphorylation to glycolysis – called the Warburg effect – is an universal phenomen and has now become a diagnostic tool for cancer detection. Warburg O, Posener K, Negelein E.
Progressive increase in mtDNA 3243A>G heteroplasmy causes abrupt transcriptional reprogramming Wallace hypothesized mitochondrial dysfunction as a central role in a wide range of age-related disorders and various forms of cancer. Steadily rising increases in mitochondrial DNA mutations cause abr
Rieper, Anders and Vedral modelled the electron clouds of nucleic acids in a single strand of DNA as a chain of coupled quantum harmonic oscillators with dipole-dipole interaction between nearest neighbours. As a main result, the entanglement contained in the chain coincides with the binding energy
Quantum tunnelling is a phenomenon which becomes relevant at the nanoscale and below. It is a paradox from the classical point of view as it enables elementary particles and atoms to permeate an energetic barrier without the need for sufficient energy to overcome it. Tunnelling is being of vital imp
Scientists have uncovered that next to estrogen receptor positive and negative there are cells with very low amounts of the receptor protein. The discovery has significant implications for the role of the receptor in the growth and development of the breast and breast cancer development. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
Scientists have solved a 125-year-old mystery of the brain, and, in the process, uncovered a potential treatment for acquired epilepsy. Perineuronal nets modulate electrical impulses in the brain, and, should the nets dissolve, brain seizures can occur. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
Long thought to suppress cancer by slowing cellular metabolism, the protein complex AMPK also seemed to help some tumors grow, confounding researchers. Now, researchers have solved the long-standing mystery around why AMPK can both hinder and help cancer. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
In a new study, researchers report that when cancer cells become invasive (metastatic), they start behaving in ‚predatory‘ ways. Metastatic cancer cells differ from their non-metastatic counterparts not only in their genetics, but also in their moving strategy: they spread more rapidly and are more directional than non-invasive cancer cells. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
A combination of the standard-of-care chemotherapy drug known as azacitidine, with nivolumab, an immune checkpoint inhibitor, demonstrated an encouraging response rate and overall survival in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia, according to new findings. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
The body’s internal clock could play a critical role in the fight against certain types of liver cancer, according to a recent preclinical study. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
After exploring every possible correlation, researchers shed new light on a long-standing question about what triggers cell division. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
A very small molecule under study is able to kill a childhood brain cancer, and the lead researcher said it may be possible to reduce by 90 percent the amount of chemotherapy and radiation required to kill such tumors. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
A pioneering technique designed to spot differences between immune cells in tumours could speed the development of cancer treatments, research suggests. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
Researchers have shed light on Chimeric Antigen Receptor (CAR) T cell therapy, information that could one day result in better cancer therapies with fewer side effects. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
A new study by Washington State University researchers suggests that a protein called CDK2 plays a critical role in heart damage caused by doxorubicin, a commonly used chemotherapy drug. Published in the Journal of Biological Chemistry, their finding could be used as the basis for future development of treatment strategies and drugs to reduce heart disease risk in cancer survivors, especially those treated in childhood. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
Scientists have discovered how tumor development is driven by mutations in the most important gene in preventing cancer, p53. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
In a Veterans Affairs study, a humanmade compound based on a brain hormone spurred the growth of cancer in Petri dishes but enigmatically had the opposite effect in mice. The compound and others like it are being looked at not only for their effect on cancer, but for their ability to regrow healthy tissue to heal damaged hearts and other organs. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
A new immunotherapy screening prototype can quickly create individualized cancer treatments that will allow physicians to effectively target tumors without the side effects of standard cancer drugs. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
New research shows how metastatic melanoma becomes resistant to a common class of targeted therapy. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
A novel computational tool called ADmiRE extensively annotates human microRNA variants to determine which ones are likely to contribute to or cause diseases. (Mehr in: Cancer News — ScienceDaily)
mid century modern coffee table for sale furniture dining set kitchen,mid century modern coffee table for sale round dining set room furniture kitchen,awesome the best of mid century modern dining table set rs floral buy coffee vintage and chairs furniture,mid century modern coffee table set for sale buy nesting,mid century modern furniture coffee table round dining set room chairs kitchen wooden,mid century modern table setting round dining set kitchen coaster bar units and tables style pub,mid century modern round dining table and chairs furniture coffee tables end set,buy mid century modern coffee table dining set project room and chairs furniture kitchen,mid century modern kitchen and dining room chairs in set table coffee for sale furniture,mid century modern kitchen table set amazing upholstered dining chair west elm coffee buy.
I was born in sweater weather. It’s my favorite time of year for fashion. The best part for me is the textures – chunky knits, smooth velvet and weathered leather to name a few. It’s tempting to let my spending get out of control because I enjoy fall styles so much. If you have the …
When I stumbled upon the dandelion shirt, I thought it was too good to be true. Finally, a patterned shirt (yay!) that looked appropriate for the office and appeared to have convenient access for pumping. But… it was sold out. So I scoured the internet...
Where do the Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Sofia and Princess Victoria get their maternity and nursing fashions? Seraphine of course. A leading European retailer, Seraphine provides maternity and nursing fashions so stylish that you’ll want to wear them forever. Celebrities like Gwen Stefani, Jessica Alba and Kate Hudson rock their styles in addition to royalty. I love every single item I’ve purchased from Seraphine. Honestly, it’s been a challenge trying to determine which of their items to share first.
If there’s one thing I don’t understand about nursingwear, it’s this: 95% of the styles appear to be solids or stripes. Solids show every dribble, and stripes often make you look wider. Neither is ideal for a new mom. The Blaire Stripe MOM Dress sold by ROOLEE is an exception. While it is striped, the pattern alternates directions for a flattering look.
I’m a big fan of day-to-night, work-to-weekend clothing. The heathered peasant nursing top by Milk is just that, which is why I’m highlighting it as the second item in my Working Mom’s Wardrobe series. You can wear this top with a pair of jeans or style it with a blazer or cardigan for the office. And it’s so comfy you’ll find yourself wearing it to bed!
I was back to my pre-pregnancy weight three months postpartum. That’s right... I was down 40 pounds in about 90 days. Want to know my secret? Plot twist. I’m of the opinion that we should stop praising moms (or at least be careful in how we praise them) for getting back to their postpartum bods …
I was struggling. Hard. An old friend from high school (now a brilliant therapist) reached out to me and said, "You are in the fires that form motherhood – and right now the fire is so incredibly hot." Mommin' is life changing, and it isn't easy.
October 30, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Direct-to-consumer tableware brand Year & Day has opened its first brick-and-mortar-space, a pop-up at 91 Crosby Street in Manhattan’s SoHo.
From now through Dec. 24, the space will house the breadth of Year & Day’s assortment of tabletop products, including European-made ceramic plates, bowls, serving dishes and mugs, flatware and drinking glasses along with a small selection of gift items, such as cookbooks. Prices range from $ 11 or a small bowl to $ 180 for a four-person set of flatware.
The year-old, San Francisco-based start-up is the brainchild of founder Kathryn Duryea, a Stanford MBA who has worked for L2 and in marketing, digital and e-commerce at Tiffany & Co. When conceiving of Year & Day, Duryea envisioned a modern homewares brand for the digitally native generation that would speak to the Millennial entertaining style — informal and usually centered around an open kitchen — and the way they like to shop, which is online and without too much choice.
“I’ve long loved the tableware category, and I think there are a number of tableware brands that are beloved at the high end that aren’t really resonating in aesthetic, brand values or price points with today’s [Millennial] consumer who is now in the process
October 27, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
“Ray Donovan” took a plunge into the unknown — quite literally — in its season-five finale. But as the series returns, the Showtime drama is wading into somewhat different waters, bringing with it an additional layer of baggage as the series makes the move to New York.
September 29, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
To celebrate the 50th anniversary of its Alhambra jewelry collection, Van Cleef & Arpels will bring its interactive installation to South Coast Plaza from Oct. 4 to 14. First unveiled in London and Tokyo, the 1,000-square-foot structure will be located in the shopping center’s Jewel Court.
Inspired by the shape of the clover motif and based on the collection’s theme of luck, the installation comprises four connected rooms, each telling a different part of the Alhambra story. As they make their way through the installation, visitors are invited to experience four digitally augmented, dreamlike journeys that lead them further into the universe of Van Cleef & Arpels.
In continued celebration of the collection, Van Cleef & Arpels will be prelaunching a limited-edition, Vintage Alhambra 10-motif necklace and 5-motif bracelet in yellow gold and blue agate, available exclusively at South Coast Plaza. Meant to symbolize the California ocean, blue agate returns to the collection for the first time since 1989. Combined with yellow gold, this translucent form of chalcedony also has a soft radiance that evokes the blue glow of twilight.
August 26, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Washington Capitals forward Chandler Stephenson brought the Stanley Cup to Humboldt on Friday to recognize the community’s strength and resilience after April’s deadly bus crash.
August 19, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
August 4, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Ludacris is giving a new meaning to Southern hospitality and he best prepare for a massive amount of positive karma coming his way.
July 24, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
July 6, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
“Whitney,” the second feature-length Whitney Houston documentary in 10 months, has the advantage of being produced with cooperation from Houston’s estate, providing greater access to those closest to her, including multiple relatives. The overall message, though, is much the same and painfully familiar — how the price of fame, and being pulled in multiple directions, contributed to the premature end of a one-for-the-ages talent.
July 3, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Janet Jackson was front and center at her father Joe Jackson’s funeral Monday, along with various other family members. The service was held at Forest Lawn in Glendale, CA, where Michael Jackson is entombed. TMZ broke the story … Joe died last…
June 29, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Post Malone kicked off the first of two shows at the Hollywood Bowl and brought out a ton of other talent in the process. Malone played to a sold-out crowd Wednesday night — 21 Savage opened the show — and Malone surprised fans through the night by…
June 3, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The Caps’ quest for the Stanley Cup has been a welcome distraction for Amanda Wilson, who has been undergoing treatment for a rare form of cancer.
June 2, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
MOSCOW — Chanel, which kick-started the international resort season with its May 4 spectacle in Paris, hit the road to stage a fashion show in Moscow on Thursday night, parading its Paris-Hamburg Métiers d’art collection in a vast industrial space.
The event drew a wide swath of Russia’s elite — all decked out in tweeds, black-and-white and double Cs — who drank in an imposing set reminiscent of a shipyard, complete with lighting effects, making the floor undulate with waves.
The show was set at Pavilion 69, part of the vast trade show and amusement park VDNKh, previously called the Exhibition of Achievements of the National Economy. Its famous attractions include a gilded fountain spewing water from sheaves of wheat — a symbol of Chanel — and the Worker and Kolkhoz Woman sculpture of two giant figures with a sickle and a hammer raised.
Andrei Kirilenko, commissioner of the Russian Basketball Federation and a former NBA star, said he’s been to Paris and New York fashion weeks, and the Moscow showing lived up to those standards. “I was impressed by the show and the organization — Chanel knows how to do it,” he said.
May 29, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
May 22, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
While the pageantry was in full force inside Windsor Castle … outside it was a big ‘ol party with some bizarro getups. Check it out … a combo of British duds that would shock even Elton John, and a touch of Americana that looks like a 4th of July…
May 16, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The 2018 Met Gala has quite the theme this year, and it’ll be interesting to see if the Hollywood elite stick to its holy overtones. Let us pray? Celebs started trickling into the Metropolitan Museum of Art Monday evening in NYC for this year’s Gala…
April 20, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Prosecutors reveal the results of a two-year investigation into the pop star’s death. Alicia Powell reports.
March 18, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Sunny Rodgers, Pipedream Products’ resident sexologist, has become a regular lecturer at the Couples and Sex Therapy Training Program within UCLA’s David Geffen School of Medicine, where she recently shared some of Pipedream’s latest creations with medical and psychiatric students.
February 21, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
While period race drama “Mudbound” may have been left out of the big categories of best picture and director, it has brought new faces to the Oscar race. Rough Cut (no reporter narration)
February 19, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Porn star Stormy Daniels has been reveling in all the dirty laundry involving her and Donald Trump, so it makes sense she brought a laundry basket to the strip club Friday night for a meet-and-greet. Stormy showed up at Thee Dollhouse in Tampa, Florida…
February 8, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The designer ended his show with the debut of his new men’s underwear line. Rough cut (no reporter narration)
January 29, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Musicians at the 2018 Grammys are trying to pull off their own symbol for the #TimesUp movement … but they’re not nearly as united as actors were for the Globes. Celebs began arriving to Madison Square Garden Sunday ahead of the 60th annual Grammy…
January 14, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Talk-show host, actress, producer and humanitarian Oprah Winfrey accepted the Cecil B. DeMille Award at the Golden Globes on Sunday night with a speech referencing the civil rights movement as well…
December 26, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The 22-track project includes contributions from Marv Won, Illmaculate, Dirtbag Dan, Bigg K, Okwerdz, Sahtyre, Fredo, Frak, and many more, and also features a verse from the late Cadalack Ron.
December 25, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
December 13, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
October 30, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Porter magazine is bringing its Incredible Women List of 50 entries, which was published last month in its winter issue, to life with two events in the U.S. Tonight editor in chief Lucy Yeomans will host a question-and-answer with Misty Copeland, who was featured on the list, in New York and on Nov. 1 the magazine’s second annual Incredible Woman Gala will take place in Los Angeles at NeueHouse, hosted by Yeomans and Donna Langley, chairman of Universal Pictures. Both events are done in partnership with Estée Lauder.
The talk with Copeland is the fourth in Porter’s series, which previously featured Serpentine chief executive officer Yana Peel, conservationist Saba Douglas-Hamilton, and film director Sofia Coppola. Last year’s gala was held at the Victoria & Albert Museum in London, and instead of staging a typical awards show, Yeomans enlisted a company called Letter’s Live to create a performance element in which Natalia Vodianova, Christiane Amanpour and Florence Welch read letters Patti Smith, Martha Gellhorn and Tina Fey. This year’s gala will feature a similar performance aspect. “We look to celebrate women who in the past year have done something to affect positive change for women either in their field, industry or the
October 19, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Jay-Z’s got game … judging from the smoking hot artists he attracted to his charity concert. Jay’s wife Bey, Jennifer Lopez and Cardi B were among the stars who attended Tuesday night at the third annual Tidal X benefit concert at Barclays Center…
October 18, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
September 27, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Chance The Rapper has been in the studio “cooking up yammers,” so instead of an unreleased Colouring Book song, he premiered an untitled track with R&B singer Daniel Caesar.
August 31, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
August 27, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
REVAMP PROJECT: Printemps will turn over a quarter of the space in its five-floor store on the eastern side of the French capital to its sports and streetwear retailer Citadium, Japanese brand Uniqlo and home decoration chain Maisons du Monde, following a year-long refurbishment program.
The upscale department store chain launched the broad restructure of its Nation branch last year after Agnes Girard, who has managed the store for nearly a decade, conducted a surveyed with customers.
“For around 10 days, before launching the renovation project, we approached customers, asked them if they were regular clients and for how long, what parts of the store they visited, what were their favorite brands and what they expected from these brands,” noted Girard, referring to herself and a deputy executive.
They then called in their top clients for a series of roundtable discussions, gathering more details about what they liked and what they expected from the store. With this information, the buyers were able to build up the offer, bulking up different price levels, from very accessible to higher-end ranges.
August 24, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Horror comes to Hollywood as a haunted house experience to promote the upcoming Stephen King horror “IT” opens to the public. Rollo Ross reports.
August 6, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
July 25, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
July 24, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Director Ryan Coogler recalls becoming a fan of the character as a young man: “as I got older I wanted to find a comic book character who looks like me.”
July 22, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
When Dierks Bentley took the stage for his Faster Horses performance Friday night (July 21), he knew it was already going to be a special show….
July 10, 2017 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
November 10, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Ask your favorite rapper which artist is next to blow up, and you’re sure to hear West Coast crooner and producer Anderson .Paak’s name come up at least once (or multiple times according to this video).
Listeners echo similar sentiments, as .Paak made waves last year via his free album Venice and with tracks like his Knxwledge collab “Suede.” But 2015 brought a major win in a major role on Dr. Dre’s Compton album (the story was detailed by LA Weekly). Now comes a pair of new releases from .Paak titled “The Season/Carry Me” and “Am I Wrong,” the former of which Dre premiered on Beats 1 Radio.
9th Wonder produced the first half of “The Season/Carry Me,” while Callum Connar handled the second part. Blended Babies crafted the sonics on “Am I Wrong.”
Stream both records in Wired Tracks below, where songs from Wiz Khalifa, couple Lil Durk & Dej Loaf, Juicy J, and more below.
The post Anderson .Paak Brings The Soul In 2 New Songs | Wired Tracks 11.9.15 appeared first on Hip-Hop Wired.
October 29, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Chris Pratt went straight for the laughs while visiting Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta on Saturday.
October 17, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
October 13, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Johnny Depp and Benedict Cumberbatch present their crime-drama ‘Black Mass’ to London Film Festival. John Russell reports.
October 11, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
October 8, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
October 5, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
October 3, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
In the spirit of Kanye West’s infamous G.O.O.D. Friday series, 5x Grammy Award Winner Malik Yusef releases G.O.O.D. Morning G.O.O.D. Night The “Leaquel,” Unheard & Unfinished Joints. As the title implies, tracks on this project are comprised of leaked material from previous G.O.O.D. Music sessions, and unheard gems from prior releases like Common’s “Nobody’s Smiling,” and “Sin City” off Cruel Summer.
What started out as just a studio album back in 2009 has now transformed into a full-fledged series. The third installment to the now trilogy follows up last year’s summer release of G.M.G.N. Deconstructed, which saw features from Mr. West himself, Big Sean, KRS-One, Adam Levine, GLC, Common, John Legend, Twista & others. The release garnered over 7MM total impressions.
As reported earlier, features on the new mixtape come courtesy of G.O.O.D. Music’s CyHi The Prynce on “We Ain’t Playin’” & producer Travis Scott on “Sin City (Original)” – and others such as Raheem DeVaughn, Chip Tha Ripper, JV, Grande Marshall, Young Savage, Ab-Liva, Black, Kentrell, and YouTube sensations Andrew Garcia, Jay Hayden, The Johnsoton Brothers, Brandon Skeie, J. Rice, Casey Cooper, and new comer Megan Elizabeth. Production duties handled this time around come predominately from Nate “Impact” Jolley & D.Cross, as well as Tommy Brown, Big Duke, Rami, Brian K. Bolton, Kevin M. Cairns, Hit Fluid Blue, KC, Mind Killa, Mizzy Beats, and The 11th Hour.
October 2, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The initial market testing on a handful of new songs from country singer Thomas Rhett, including his first single, "Crash and Burn," wasn't promising. "So the feedback came back on 'Crash,' I think the feedback said 'poor,'" Rhett said of the funky song with a beat emphasized with whistles and snaps. "So for us to put 'Crash' out with that kind of feedback was kinda scary and risky at the same time." But the song hit No. …
September 19, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Video site What’s The Mashup? did the ultimate task by compiling dance scenes from 100 iconic movies, and then syncing them all to…
September 17, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
RIVER DANCE: Hermès found a terrific location for the Paris leg of its roving “Wanderland” exhibition dedicated to flânerie, or the act of wandering the city streets and drinking in the details of everyday life. The French house perchaed a rectangular tent on the riverbank roads known as Les Berges that are now closed to traffic and open for leisure and fitness – or just sitting in a cafe and watching the world go by.
Hosting a press preview on Thursday morning, Pierre-Alexis Dumas, artistic director of Hermès, described the exhibition as an invitation to discover flânerie, a philosophy and practice with roots in the 19th-century, and distinctly Parisian.
Indeed, the fantastical displays are designed to disorient, and command attention to fine – and often funny – details. Consider the French bulldog sporting an Hermès dinner plate in lieu of a collar in front of a thumping venue signed “Hot Dog Club” – or café tables inset with quirky objects that give clues about the person who sat there.
“Wanderland” debuted at the Saatchi Gallery in London last April and attracted some 112,000 visitors, according to Hermès. It is headed to Dubai next January and slated to make stops in China and Korea
September 16, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Johnny Depp hits Toronto to promote his latest film “Black Mass,” a drama about the life of Boston gangster James “Whitey” Bulger. Rough Cut – no reporter narration.
September 13, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Future knows how to pay homage. The Atlanta rapper brought out Serena Williams’ bad luck charm Drake and Norm Kelly (a politician and Meek Mill slanderer) while performing in Toronto.
There’s still no mixtape between Drake and Future yet, or any further telltale signs that it’s even happening since Thursday’s initial buzz. However, Future played Toronto University university on Friday night and the 6 God, of course, made sure he was well received in the city. Drake didn’t come alone either, bringing with him councilman Norm Kelly, the politician who issued the no-fly zone warning to Meek Mill at the outset of that whole fiasco.
September 11, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
It’s been a while since we watched you, and thus tonight’s series finale was fairly confusing for us to watch, and by that we…
September 6, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Meek Mill rocked the main stage (Rocky Stage) at the Made In America Festival and didn’t even mention Drake. There was no need to as the hometown hero ran through his catalog of hits and brought out Nicki Minaj for good measure.
The “Amen” rapper still raps over his songs instead of the instrumentals, the sold out crowd didn’t seem to mind as they sang along to hits like “House Party” and “Believe It.”
But the crowd cheered the loudest when Nicki Minaj strutted on the stage, eventually performing “All Eyes On You” with her boyfriend.
The post Meek Mill Brings Out Nicki Minaj At Made In America Festival [Photos] appeared first on Hip-Hop Wired.
August 31, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
August 28, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
I grew up about 15 minutes from Fort Lauderdale Beach, so packing a beach bag was practically in our school curriculum. These are my tried-and-true essentials.
August 25, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Two years after launching at the Querini Stampalia Foundation, an expanded version of Luciano Benetton’s “Imago Mundi: Map of the New Art” traveling exhibition is making a return to Venice. The new version will be open from Sept. 1 to Nov. 1 at the Giorgio Cini Foundation.
The exhibition will include 6,930 works — all measuring 3.9 inches by 4.7 inches — by both emerging and established artists from around the world.
Part of the Luciano Benetton Collection, “Imago Mundi: Map of the New Art” aims to break social and cultural boundaries and divisions by highlighting the universality of artistic language.
“Ideas, meanings and inspirations are not monopolized products, but fluid and evolving expressions born of interaction and communication between East and West, North and South, and through the convergence of cultural experience,” Benetton said. “We look to the new frontiers of art—personalities, countries, emerging languages and different cultures—to foster openness towards the world and the coexistence of expressive diversity.”
By the end of the year, the constantly evolving art project, which is supported by the Benetton Studies and Research Foundation, will have involved more than 20,000 artists from 100 countries via art exhibitions, catalogues, events, as well as the imagomundiart.com online platform.
August 24, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
During his performance at FYF Fest on Saturday in Los Angeles, the rapper (who filled in for Frank Ocean) surprised the audience when he brought Rihanna onstage with him. The resident bad gal also seemed surprised, as she was just taking in the show from the crowd.
But like the pro she is, RiRi took the mic when West handed it to her during his performance of “FourFiveSeconds,” which she’s featured on. She then turned to the crowd and said, “LA, make some noise for my n***a Kanye!”
The rapper, who’s married to reality queen Kim Kardashian, also got the Barbadian performer up onstage to sing her part of “All of the Lights.” Naturally, the audience went nuts.
West was a last-minute addition to the roster, stepping in for Ocean, who dropped out last week, Gossip Cop reported.
”We’re really sorry that due to a scheduling conflict beyond our control, Frank Ocean is not going to be able to appear at FYF Festival as planned,” Ocean’s reps said in a statement obtained by Entertainment Weekly.
They added that he “had really been looking forward to the performance and to seeing all of his fans.” But West paid homage to his fellow hip-hop artist by opening his set with the track “No Church in the Wild,” which features Ocean’s vocals.
— This feed and its contents are the property of The Huffington Post, and use is subject to our terms. It may be used for personal consumption, but may not be distributed on a website.
August 22, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Lecrae blitzed through a MVP season last year with his Billboard-topping Anomaly album, so it was only right that reigning champ Stephen Curry join him onstage during a tour stop through Oakland.
The track “I’m Turnt” was originally featured on the Church Clothes, Vol. 2 mixtape and Lecrae gave it a fresh makeover as his DJ remixed it to Big Sean’s “IDFWU” as Stephen Curry bopped in the background.
Of course, Riley was missed but it was still cool to see Stephen Curry interact with a crowd still pumped from the Golden State Warriors’ NBA Championship win.
The post Lecrae Brings Out Stephen Curry To Perform “I’m Turnt” [VIDEO] appeared first on Hip-Hop Wired.
August 19, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
No Limit Forever is launching a nationwide casting call for the Master P Biopic, “The Ice Cream Man King Of The South.” No Limit Forever is in search of new talented actors and actresses to fill key roles in this movie. This is your chance to be the next big movie star!
The nationwide casting calls are beginning right now! Anyone interested in reading for these roles are encouraged to come out and show their talent at “The Ice Cream Man King Of The South” Master P Bio Film Nationwide Casting Call in their city or a city near them. No Limit Forever is bringing everyone who has had the dream of becoming the next big film star the ultimate opportunity this summer as they launch this casting call.
Master P, talent scouts, and NoLimit film executives will travel to cities across the country, giving aspiring actors the opportunity to earn a role in this historic movie. Ain’t No Limit to the opportunities No Limit Forever has for you!
No purchase necessary to enter or win. Open only to legal residents of the 50 United States/ D.C. who are at least 18 years of age or younger than 18 with Parent(s) or legal guardian’s permission.
For casting dates and cities log onto KingOfTheSouth.com. You can also email your photos and contact info to the casting director at KingOfTheSouthMovie@gmail.com.
August 17, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Earlier this summer, Diplo released an single named “Doctor Pepper” with rappers Riff Raff, OG Maco, and CL. Recently, the Mad Decent producer has finally released the official set of visuals for the track. “Doctor Pepper” is an insanely weird video, including several models floor twerking (literally), a ton of odd floating images including two censored Pikachus and Dr. Pepper cans, and a huge green Hummer to put it all together. Check out “Doctor Pepper” below.
There’s a men’s support group I speak to once in a while. I really enjoy it. It’s full of other dads who have experienced divorce, and it’s a chance for these guys to communicate and express themselves. Whenever I go, I find it empowering and amazing to be part of that journey. Seeing grown men vulnerable, with an open heart wanting to move on in a healthy way is a wonderful thing.
It’s great to share and hear what other guys are going through, so you don’t feel isolated, and alone.
Whatever you go through in life, you can be sure other people are going through it too. Our situations are not as unique as we think they are. When you’re ready to be around and communicate with other like-minded individuals on a similar journey, it’s something I highly recommend.
One of the guys in the group has been having a problem lately with his ex. He’s a good guy. He has a couple of kids and he fully supports his ex, financially and with co-parenting. The problem is, she constantly takes jabs at him, as if they’re still married.
His focus is on being a good father to his children. He’s made an effort to apologize and make amends for the part he played in the relationship breaking down. Yet she’s still angry at him, she still feels wronged by what happened between them. She hasn’t let go or moved on.
It got to the point in his divorce where the kids were becoming a battle. He looked at me and he said, “You know, this is the last thing I wanted to do, but I can’t talk to this person anymore. It’s all about her. I want to get a lawyer. I want the lawyer to talk to her.”
Unfortunately, this is all too common and really sad. Lawyers are just paid henchmen going after whatever they can get. I’ve seen too many divorces go that direction, where the lawyers have ripped it to pieces. I told him he needed to try and make it work, for himself and his kids. He said. “David, I can’t stand having this person not listening, and now using my kids as pawns.”
It makes me sad. Two people who once loved each other enough to be together and to start a family, now can’t even face talking to each other. It makes the problem exponentially worse once you start using children as pawns.
The key is compassion, and acceptance that all relationships are 50/50. Each person is partly responsible for everything that happens in the beginning, middle, and end of the relationship. It’s never just one partner who causes the end. Until you accept joint responsibility, you’re going to run the risk of the lawyers taking over and ripping it to shreds.
August 9, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Taylor Swift said “hey what’s up hello” to another 2015 Song of the Summer contender in Seattle Saturday night (Aug. 8) when she brought out…
August 7, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Donald Trump was the main draw as he trashed, slashed and burned his way through an otherwise lackluster night of political theater.
The 'Hamilton' creator and Roots members, who are prodcing the cast album, talk about why "hip-hop heads" approve of the show and turning the Founding Fathers into real people.
July 31, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
July 27, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Saturday night it was history celebrating history as Atlanta belonged to Grammy nominated star Jeezy. He performed to a sold out house at the iconic Fox Theatre (the show sold out day it went on sale) and the crowd, who rapped all of the lyrics with him, showed love to their city’s own in an incredible way. As he was celebrating the 10 year anniversary of his classic debut (on a major label) album, Thug Motivation 101, he was joined by his friends to help him celebrate.
Performing the classic album in its entirety, Jeezy also wanted to remind the crowd that he has other huge hits. He ran through a string of classics, including “I Do,” with Andre 3000 joining him on stage, “Love In The Club,” with Usher on stage, “Put On” with Kanye West joining him on stage and more. Other artists who graced the stage included Big Boi, Mannie Fresh, Lloyd, Bun B, T.I. and Lil’ Scrappy. There was even a Boyz N Da Hood reunion! Almost all of Atlanta showed up and showed out in celebration of Jeezy’s 10 years of success. ATLiens brought the house down! Other celebs who came out included Monica, Da Brat, Jermaine Dupri and more.
Jeezy kicked off his 10th anniversary weekend with a private dinner to honor his accomplishments as well as relaunch his charity, Street Dreamz Foundation, on Friday. The dinner brought out everyone from the Mayor of Atlanta to other artists and key influencers. Mayor Kasim Reed gave Jeezy the highest honor a city can give. On Saturday morning, Jeezy and Street Dreamz Foundation organized a community event to help clean up a neighborhood in the 4th District. Check out photos from the classic concert below. Photo credit Exclusive Access.
July 23, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
STUDY GROUP: After Paris and Tokyo, Sonia Rykiel is bringing its new store concept to London. Its boutique on Brook Street is to reopen on July 25 after being refitted as a pop-up cafe-cum-library featuring 15,000 vintage tomes.
The concept, developed by Sonia Rykiel artistic director Julie de Libran with André Saraiva and art director Thomas Lenthal, was first unveiled in the brand’s store in the Paris neighborhood of Saint-Germain-des-Prés for its fall show in March. The store in the Aoyama neighborhood in Tokyo was similarly revamped in April.
Open since 2002, the 2,700-square-foot London store will feature a carpet designed by Saraiva, in addition to a lacquered red ceiling and walls. In addition to the books, it will display a selection of vintage vinyl records by French singers from the Sixties and Seventies, including Serge Gainsbourg and Françoise Hardy.
The space will be dotted with Seventies sofas and armchairs, while the patio will take on the look of a literary café with chairs and tables.
The store will sell an exclusive version of the best-selling Domino bag. Made of khaki crocodile leather, it will retail for 13,695 pounds, or around $ 21,300 at current exchange.
July 17, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Mega-country star Alan Jackson is bringing his tunes to TODAY Friday in front of a big crowd all set to kick up their heels for the weekend.
July 12, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
July 11, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
First shown in London, the exhibition, inspired by the house’s 2015 theme of flânerie, or the act of wandering the city streets and drinking in the details of everyday life, will be held from Sept. 18 to Oct. 5 in a temporary spot on the banks of the Seine.
Spread across 11 rooms, it features interactive installations created by international artists for the occasion. It will head to Turin, Italy, in December and China in 2016.
Toast of UK critics, Years & Years, celebrate album launch on same day record industry kicks off New Music Friday where all singles and albums will be released on the same day globally from now on. Francis Maguire reports.
July 9, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
July 5, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Wirefest is going down in London, and the lineup features several big names from Public Enemy to Chance the Rapper. However, the star that headlined the music festival was none other than Drake. During his set, the Young Money rapper brought out UK-based rapper, Skepta, to perform his single “Shutdown”. Check out the video below from LinkUpTV.
July 4, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The people of Haiti recently were blessed with an American Hip-Hop treat after Swizz Beatz assembled the forgotten “Transform Ya” trio of himself, Chris Brown and Lil Wayne for a free concert witnessed in front of more than 100,000 appreciative fans.
The event took place on June 26 at the historical Champs De Mars Parc in downtown Port-au-Prince, and was organized by Swizz Beatz and Haitian music production company Big O Productions.
“Putting together this concert was important to me because I wanted to provide the Haitian people a platform of hope and unity through music,” explains Big O Productions CEO Olivier Martelly. “With this concert, we were able to do just that, the crowd connected with the artists and we were able to experience all those emotions as they watched the performances.”
Up-and-coming Haitian superstars Barikad Crew, T-Micky and DJ Tonymix also performed and former Game of War thirst trap Kate Upton, Haitian-American boxer Andre Berto and Def Jam records exec Bu Thiam were also in attendance.
June 30, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
On Friday night, I battled the inevitable end-of-week desire to do absolutely nothing, and instead dragged myself through the gauntlet of Grand Central Station with a colleague so that we could board the 5:30 p.m. commuter train to Beacon. In the city, the sky was ominous, toggling between storm clouds and sun, but by the time we emerged from Grand Central’s cell-phone-deadening matrix of tunnels into the calm of Upper Manhattan, the sun was out and our expedition seemed blessed by the weather gods. We were headed upstate to get on a boat that would take us out onto the Hudson so that we could view artist Melissa McGill’s new light installation, Constellation, located on the tiny outcropping of Pollepel Island in the middle of the river.
If you’ve ever joined the hordes of athleisure-clad weekend warriors who stream up to Cold Spring in warm weather for a pre-brunch scramble up Breakneck Ridge, or if you’ve ever just taken the Metro-North up the Hudson, you’ve probably noticed Pollepel Island—though there’s a decent chance you wouldn’t know to call it that. The island sits about 1,000 feet off the shores of Beacon, across the river from Storm King Mountain. Perched on top of it are the ruins of a mysterious castle. As of this past weekend, it also holds seventeen flag poles topped with blue tinted LED bulbs (better for birds), which, every night for the next two years, will flicker on in an animated, organically inspired sequence. As the sun goes down, the poles recede into darkness, and for two hours the lights glow like a low-hanging cluster of stars, dipping in and around the ragged stone walls of the ruined fortress.
It was speculation about the castle that first kindled McGill’s interest in the site. She’s lived and worked in Beacon for eight years, but a decade ago she was a Greenpoint-based artist who, like the rest of us, occasionally found herself on the Metro-North fantasizing about the wilds of upstate. During those rides, and later, once she moved and regularly rode back into the city, she’d eavesdrop on the conversations around her about the strange castle out the window. “I heard someone say, That’s from the seventeenth century. That it was built by a king. Someone said it was a theater set,” McGill told Vogue.com over the phone. “There’s all sorts of mythology.” When she moved, she asked around the community, and received more unlikely answers. “Most people who live in this area have never been there,” she said. “I’d hear ‘Oh, it’s filled with snakes,’ ‘There’s bats,’ ‘It’s covered in poison ivy.’ All these very dramatic, mysterious stories. And so I thought you couldn’t go there.”
In fact, you can go there, as she eventually discovered. The castle was built at the turn of the 20th century by an army-navy surplus dealer named Francis Bannerman, who purchased the island after concerns about his large stockpiles of explosives forced him to move his operation from Manhattan. On his new land, he built a summer home for his family and a series of turreted arsenals that would serve both as storage and as an ornate advertisement for the used military goods he bought and sold. Bannerman died in 1918, and by 1920 his fantasyland had begun to crumble: first when a gunpowder explosion damaged the arsenals, then when a fire further destroyed the complex in 1969. By then, the Bannerman family had sold the land to New York State, which incorporated it into the Hudson Highlands State Park. Over the years, the parks department has partnered with the Bannerman Castle Trust to clean up leftover explosives, stabilize the structures, restore the gardens originally planted by Bannerman’s wife (not-so-fun fact: Angelika Graswald, the woman who has been charged with killing her fiancé while kayaking on the river this spring, was one of the volunteers who gardens every Wednesday), and, since 2004, lead public historical tours.
For McGill, the island became an impossible-to-ignore art prompt so potent that she’s dedicated the past three years of her life, and independently raised more than half a million dollars, to bring Constellation to fruition. It’s a process that’s involved help from a “galaxy” of people—more than a hundred, she says—including art-world mentors like outgoing Creative Time president (and incoming director of the Brooklyn Museum of Art) Anne Pasternak, Museum of Modern Art director Glenn Lowry, and Polich Tallix owner Dick Polich, whose fine art foundry engineered the highly complex installation. (“On a bedrock island in the Hudson River, with this difficult topography, with a fragile ruin on it that’s a historical landmark,” McGill reminded me.)
It’s been not only a passion project for the artist; it’s been a way of negotiating a still relatively new life upstate. Before her twins, now ten, were born, McGill had five solo shows—in London; Memphis, Tennessee; Columbus, Ohio; Bologna, Italy; and New York City—within the space of a couple years. But then motherhood, as well as the disorientation of moving, sent her into an incubation period. “It took me a little while to get reconnected with my work,” she said. “It wasn’t easy in the beginning.” During that period of relative dormancy, McGill was influenced heavily by two experiences: watching Robert Irwin speak at Parsons, and seeing Tino Sehgal’s 2010 piece, This Progress, at the Guggenheim Museum, in which visitors to the museum were led up the central ramp by guides of ascending ages, while engaging in conversations about the meaning of progress. “I was ripe for some kind of transition and I was really taken by the idea of the experience of the work, perception, the way that a viewer could interact or be part of the work,” said McGill.
In the empty space of the ruined castle, and in the questions that arose surrounding those ruins, McGill found a powerful symbol of absence and presence, a theme that has always fascinated her. The installation’s seventeen points of light hover atop poles of different heights, which reference the original heights of Bannerman’s structure, mapping out the now mostly missing buildings. But they also reference a more profound absence: that of the Lenape tribe of Native Americans who inhabited the area long before Dutch settlers named the island Pollepel. When McGill showed Hadrien Coumans of the Lenape Center her initial renderings, he connected it with his tribe’s legend of Opi Tamakan, a path of stars that links this world to the spirit world. It was perfect kismet. “That was part of my idea already,” explained McGill. “This path of stars that marks a path between past and present, light and darkness, and heaven and earth.”
When we met during Friday’s boat ride, McGill, dressed in black capris, fuchsia Vans, and a boxy white sleeveless shirt, was ebullient, as bubbly as the Prosecco we were served on the short trip out to the island. She has a tendency to grab your shoulder as she talks to you, and it’s clear that her personal warmth must have been instrumental in wrangling the massive amounts of help and support needed to make her complicated public art vision a reality.
Later McGill would try to explain her work to me in terms of the language of finches—the spaces between chirps communicate as much as the chirps themselves, she says—but on the boat, cerebral frameworks paled in comparison to the elemental, almost magical experience of Constellation. As we puttered toward the island, birds dive-bombed through the vacant windows of Bannerman’s façade. The rosy stone of the castle walls glowed against an eclectic green mountain backdrop. The sun lowered in the sky and a Creamsicle sunset formed on the horizon. We weren’t alone: A speedboat parked off the rocky shore of the island, and a group of kayakers (Storm King Adventure Tours leads trips to see the lights) gathered nearby. Even on our boat, populated by a boisterous crowd of journalists just beginning to get tipsy, the anticipation felt palpable.
“How do you feel?” I asked McGill when she wandered by as we circumnavigated the island, waiting for nightfall. “I feel like I can’t believe this happened!” she said, a huge smile on her face. Later on the phone, I posed the question again. “There’s this ancient Arab proverb I’ve been thinking about for a very long time,” she told me. “ ‘Throw your heart out in front of you and run ahead to catch it.’ That’s been the experience. You believe in something, you have an idea. You take the right steps. You talk to all the right people. You do all these tests. But then to see it actually up is . . . thrilling.”
Thrilling, indeed. Down river, the yellow lights of West Point gleamed against the dusk, and up river, the lights of Newburgh did the same. But when the first bulb of Constellation, attached to the tallest of the poles, turned on, its light appeared genuinely celestial. The LEDs McGill opted for are directional, so they tend to twinkle, getting brighter when you’re directly in front of them, and flickering lower when you’re not. One by one, the rest of the bulbs ignited, until they were all dancing in concert, like a perfect microcosm of the cosmos.
Practically on cue, a couple of actual stars appeared higher in the mostly cloudy sky, mirroring the woman-made version below, the last in a series of friendly helpers who have blessed McGill’s project. They seemed to be there just to say: See, she kind of got it right.
June 27, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Ana Maria Polo is a lawyer whose show “Caso Cerrado” is so popular on American Spanish language television that in some markets it’s on for three hours a day! She stops by Studio 1A to chat with Kathie Lee and Hoda.
June 22, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
June 20, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The 2015 Firefly Music Festival packed its first full day from Dover, Delaware on Friday (June 19) with lots of fireworks — the type that exploded…
June 19, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The less-famous-than-they-should-be Austin group’s latest album takes center stage at the recently reopened Kings Theater.
June 17, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Miley Cyrus and late-night talk show host Andy Cohen were recognized Tuesday in New York at amfAR’s sixth annual Inspiration Gala for their work in…
June 14, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
June 11, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
June 9, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
When Apple launches its Apple Music streaming service at the end of June, it will affect things big and small in the music industry.
June 7, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
When the collection launches, the Outnet will also roll out its same-day delivery service to the Hamptons, which, until now, has only been available in New York City and London. According to the Net-a-porter-owned outlet site, the Outnet shopper takes between six and nine vacations a year, and its St. Tropez-shot “Postcards From…” campaign was designed to appeal to this consumer. For those staying closer to Manhattan, the Outnet wants to make sure the Hamptons crowd can have that Oscar de la Renta dress and Melissa Joy earrings by dinner time.
ESPN knew early in the year that a Nicki Minaj X Games headlining performance was all but mandatory and The Pinkprint did not disappoint with her set in Austin, TX, yesterday.
Not only did she flawlessly belt out hits from the aforementioned gold-selling album, she also put breakup rumors with Meek Mill to rest by bringing him out to perform his classic, “I’m a Boss.” … Read more…
May 29, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
U2's latest live show included a call to fight AIDS, condemnation of the 1974 car bombings in Ireland, the voice of Stephen Hawking, high-tech stage gimmicks and just over two hours of music, including most of its 2014 album, "Songs of Innocence."The Irish quartet…
After last spring’s overall craze— remember Blake Lively, Cara Delevingne, and Katie Holmes—the farmer staple is back, albeit with a few clever twists. Leave it to none other than country and pop star Taylor Swift to put her polished touch on the look yesterday on the street in New York City.
Swift’s citified wardrobe tends toward a smattering of rompers, crop tops and skirts, and mini frocks, usually paired with feminine stilettos. But when she stepped out earlier today in surprisingly sleek overalls, she hit a new sartorial high note. Her ribbed tee made for a throwback moment—think Cher Horowitz from Clueless, transplanted to Manhattan. And the cropped length of her coveralls was the true star of her look, with mod Topshop boots, tortoiseshell frames from Westward Leaning, and a shoulder satchel from Gucci to complete the retro-yet-sophisticated feel.
May 25, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
May 23, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The French luxury label celebrated the opening of the exhibit on Thursday night at Palazzo Ruspoli, where “Series 2” will be open to the public until June 7.
Through a series of different installations, the exhibition explores Louis Vuitton artistic director Nicolas Ghesquière’s development of the brand’s spring women’s ready-to-wear collection, with special behind-the-scenes footage of the show, held at the Louis Vuitton Foundation in Paris.
May 21, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
May 20, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Canadian director Denis Villeneuve brings subject of the brutality of the Mexican drug trade and the complicity of users in the violence that feeds their habits to Cannes with new film “Sicario”. Rough cut (no reporter narration).
May 19, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Kathie Lee and Hoda love getting a visit from their one and only Superman, Dean Cain, who chats with the ladies about his upcoming projects and brings them a new Oreo cookie flavor that’s hitting the shelves.
Russell Wilson is having one hell of an off-season … he just walked in to the White House State dinner with Ciara on his arm …. and she’s looking DAMN FINE!!!!! Rumors had been swirling about the Seattle Seahawks QB secretly dating the R&B…
May 18, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The only thing being like more than a rap beef is a good reconciliation story. Jay Z served the people’s wishes by bring out Beanie Sigel at his TIDAL B-Sides concert last night (May 16) in New York City.
The concert went down at Terminal 5 (there is another tonight (May 17)) but was also livestreamed, via TIDAL of course.
Some of Hov’s special guests included Jay Electronica and Memphis Bleek but the most talked about was easily State Property, including Beans, Freeway, Young Chris and Neef.
After some humble bragging, Jay also kicked a freestyle with some sharp words aimed at his Spotify and YouTube competitors.
That’s where we differ/I take what’s mine, you accept what they give you and I get you/I don’t take no checks, I take my respect/Pharrell even told me go with the safest bet/Jimmy Iovine offered a safety net/Google dangled around a crazy check/I feel like YouTube is the biggest culprit/Them ni**as pay you a tenth of what you supposed to get/You know ni**as die for equal pay right?/You know when I work I ain’t your slave right?/
Then Jay threw in some commentary on police brutality (that should be its own song, sir), and his haters.
“Well I can’t tell, how the way they killed Freddie Gray right/Shot down Mike Brown how they did Tray right?/Let them continue choking n****s, we gon’ turn style, I ain’t your token ni**a/You know I came in this game independent, right?/TIDAL, my own lane, same difference/Oh ni**as is skeptical about they own sh*t/You bought nine iPhones and Steve Jobs is rich/Phil Knight worth trillions you still bought those kicks/Spotify worth nine billion and they ain’t say sh*t!”
Watch the freestyle and the State Prop reunion below, before they get yanked. Twitter reactions on the following pages.
Kelly Clarkson brought her husband Brandon Blackstock and daughter River Rose Blackstock with her backstage at the 2015 Billboard Music…
If you fail time and again developing a successful intimate relationship, it might be that you approach dating and partners in an unrealistic, fantasy-based manner. In order to succeed, you need to wake-up to reality, facing dating and relationship in a more down-to-earth manner.
May 17, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
“It’s been a passion of mine to help women feel as good as possible so they can enjoy their time at the beach.” – Kathryn Johann
Buying a bathing suit is scary. Even the most confident, empowered, ball-busting corporate executive will admit it, if only to herself. It’s scary. Because unlike lingerie, which only you and possibly a significant other will ever intimately know, or a power suit that intimidates and defines, wearing a swimsuit in public is the equivalent of letting your intimacy hang out there for all the world to see in all its vulnerable glory, and to hold your head up and fake the confidence you may not necessarily feel while you try to relax at the pool or on the beach. And though, yeah, intellectually you know nobody’s really watching you or judging you or your body by what you wear, psychologically it feels like you’re frozen in a huge spotlight, especially if the bathing suit on your body is just wrong, wrong, wrong, and you’re uncomfortable in addition to being self-conscious. At least this is how it is for me.
And apparently, it’s exactly what happened to Kathryn Johann too. As an un-waifish, normal, average-sized beautiful woman, she was constantly searching for a bathing suit she just felt comfortable in, as well as attractive, and especially sexy. A bathing suit with high quality “stronger, thicker fabric” that, as she puts it, “does miracles with sucking in any flaws.” A bathing suit that had proven elusive so many times, she decided to solve this problem for herself, and she hoped for other women who were facing similar obstacles, by creating the Morada Blue swimwear line.
Islamorada, Florida, where her family keeps their vacation home, was the inspiration for the Morada Blue swimwear name, and like so many small businesses dreamed up from scratch, it started really small. Beginning with trunk shows at friends houses, and through word-of-mouth, it quickly grew into runway shows and bikini parties, eventually making its debut in swim shops in Michigan, California and Florida. It also flourishes as an online apparel store as well at moradablue.com. She plans to open her own full-scale beachwear shop within a few years.
Drawing from her formal education in art and design at Lafayette College and her studies abroad in Florence, Italy, Kathryn focuses on classic styles and slim lines with flattering accents ranging from contemporary shapes to fluttery romance for just the right touch of flair and individuality. She takes this further by selling all her suits as separates and adding cups and underwire for extra support and comfort. Her latest brainchild for this upcoming swimsuit season is her Swim Like a Mermaid campaign, where she will be doing underwater photo shoots with models that embody the spirit and joy of mermaids of the sea.
Building on the momentum the last year has brought to her business, Kathryn tells us, “I will be hosting model search events in Florida, doing runway shows and photo shoots and will be participating in a Maxim Magazine event in Miami during Swim Week [in July].” As an independent, empowered and driven woman she admits she “knew that eventually I wanted to be my own boss and start a company that I would be proud of.” Working hard and enjoying what she does with gratitude for the opportunites she’s had along the way, she doesn’t worry about or “feel stress of the competition,” seeing the work as its own reward and hoping to make even a small contribution to helping women “feel and look as good as possible.”
May 16, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
May 3, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
First, there was the soccer stud’s decision to finally join Instagram after all of these years. Then, there was…
April 26, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
President Barack Obama knew he might need some help to get his points across at this year’s White House Correspondents’ Dinner, so he brought in his anger translator Luther to make his message more clear.
Luther, whom fans might recognize as Keegan-Michael Key from the Comedy Central series “Key & Peele,” helped Obama speak on climate change and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s 2016 campaign.
Barack Obama got in plenty of jabs of his own at the 2015 White House Correspondents’ Dinner, but for the real digs, he called his “Anger Translator,” Luther!
President Barack Obama offered plenty of cutting jabs during his speech at the White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner on Saturday. …
April 20, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
April 16, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
No Fanilow left disappointed as the 71-year-old singer delivered the songs that still make the whole world sing.
April 11, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
When both weekends of Coachella 2015 have concluded, the festival will undoubtedly have included a bevy of special guests and surprise appearances…
April 5, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Touring behind Seeds, the band’s first album since the 2011 death of longtime bassist Gerard Smith, a sense of “darkness and despair” gives way to a luminescent performance.
April 2, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Last night, I spent some time at Bowery Ballroom and caught MisterWives‘ Our Own House Tour. The tour, which kicked off this past February, finally made it to the band’s hometown of New York City. NYC did not disappoint in welcoming them home, selling out the venue in 30 minutes. Their second, upcoming show in New York–at Music Hall of Williamsburg on April 7th–is also sold out.
Opening for MisterWives was Handsome Ghost, followed by Børns. I spent a little time with Handsome Ghost’s Tim Noyes, who told me just how happy he was to be on tour with “such good people.” The Boston musician, along with Eddie Byun on synths, warmed up the early concertgoers nicely with songs from his EP, Steps.
Following Handsome Ghost was Børns. The band took to the stage–Kendrick Lamar’s “Money Trees” playing in the background–and primed the pump for the energy that was to follow. Garret Borns and his band played songs from their EP, Candy, the most popular of which is “Electric Love”. If the entire show could be viewed as a roller coaster ride, Handsome Ghost was the upward climb, and Børns was the moment just before the drop.
So what was the drop? MisterWives, of course. The New York City-based band packed Bowery Ballroom with fans, friends, and family–only a few city blocks from many of the venues they played when they got their start. Starting the show with the title track from Our Own House, they kept fans jumping, clapping, and singing along for their entire set.
I got my first exposure to MisterWives last year in Philadelphia, when they performed at Made In America Festival. Their energy was apparent then, but it has only exploded in the time between their EP , Reflections, and now. Mandy Lee’s stage presence, the playful camaraderie of all the bandmates, and a rotation of instruments that included a trumpet, accordion, and glockenspiel, kept everyone enamored from start to finish. The band closed with their song, “Queens” (a nod to the home Borough of two of the band’s members), only to return and crank out a rendition of Bruno Mars’ “Uptown Funk”. That, in turn, transitioned into “Kings and Queens” from their EP.
A major thanks Handsome Ghost, Børns, and MisterWives for a fantastic night, and to the amazing fans who made the experience even better.
March 31, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Director Christopher Nolan and composer Hans Zimmer bring the Oscar-nominated score of ‘Interstellar’ to London and a star-studded audience. Holly Rubenstein reports
March 29, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
March 26, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The stage veteran talks about her role in the new musical “The Visit” and ends rumors of a retirement. Alicia Powell reports.
March 18, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Philadelphia-bred songstress Jill Scott returns from a self-imposed hiatus with a visual for a soulful song called “You Don’t Know,” the focus of Hip-Hop Wired’s Daily Visuals.
With a fifth studio album on the way, Jill From Philly makes her triumphant return with this record. Needless to say that we cannot wait to hear what else she’s been working on.
Peep the Nzingha Steward-directed clip below, alongside vids from Apollo Brown and Ras Kass, Young Dolph, Ikey, and Jazz Cartier. Leave your thoughts in the comments.
March 17, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Today, Hip-Hop Wired highlights a new track by Future in Wired Tracks. Continuing his “Monster Monday” campaign and keeping in mind that the NCAA tournament is just around the corner, he delivers a track called “March Madness.”
Produced by Tarantino, the record features Future spitting raps laden with excessive flossing and numerous references to his baller lifestyle.
“March Madness” can be heard below, along with songs by Big Sant, Flatbush Zombies, Charles Hamilton, Kembe X, and Russ.
The post Future Brings The Trap To “March Madness”| Wired Tracks 3.16.15 [LISTEN] appeared first on Hip-Hop Wired.
March 13, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The British-born designer — mum to Mark, Samantha and Charlotte Ronson and Annabelle and Alexander Dexter-Jones — showcased her badass jewels at a trunk show hosted by Cameron Silver and Irena Medavoy.
February 15, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
This just in from Katie Couric … America’s sweetheart has cleavage and she ain’t afraid to show it off … even at 58. The former TV host/anchor was looking good in a low-cut one piece down in Barbados. She hit the beach with new hubby John Molner…
February 6, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Eropartner, an intimate product distribution company, is now the exclusive European distributor of Joyboxx and Playtray, a hygienic adult toy storage system that protects sex toys, people and furniture before, during and after sexual play.
January 24, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The day’s top showbiz news and headlines including Bradley Cooper to star in “The Elephant Man” in London, Hugh Jackman lights up the Empire State Building, and Emma Watson speaks at the World Economic Forum. Bob Mezan reports.
Johnny Ramone’s Mosrite guitar, one of only nine Mosrites the legendary punk guitarist owned, sold at auction Thursday for a whopping $ 71,875, Boston-based auction RR Auction announced. The red guitar, personally owned and used by Ramone for at least seven years, was also autographed by the Rock and Roll Hall……
January 9, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Rock star Neil Young announced Tuesday his high-resolution music player Pono to the general public after delivering some 20,000 devices to Kickstarter supporters.
January 4, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
December 29, 2014 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Big Star All-Stars include Aimee Mann, Dan Wilson, Pete Yorn, members of The Bangles and the Posies, among others
December 28, 2014 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
“We think it’s all a bit vulgar, you know, cashing in on Christmas,” Lowe says of the British. He says he took it as a challenge: Quality Street tackles old classics and adds originals to the mix.
Juliette March is the season 11 feather weight Champion. She road to victory was not always an easy one. We Have put her against big and small girls and she takes them all on without batting an eye. Today she meets Jeze Belle; a sexy long lean blond who wrestled in her school days.
December 25, 2014 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
December 24, 2014 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Stevie Wonder Brings Funk Ferocity to MSG with ‘Songs in the Key of Life’ Performance: Concert Review
December 22, 2014 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Mike Myers brought Dr. Evil to a special cameo-filled, Christmas edition of “Saturday Night Live,” hosted by Amy Adams. During the episode’s cold open, Myers’ Dr. Evil interrupted “A Very Somber Christmas With Sam Smith” to address North Korea and Sony Pictures about the hacking, and Sony pulling “The Interview” from theaters.
December 18, 2014 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
The director teams up with Bradley Cooper and Sienne Miller to tell the story of Navy SEAL Chris Kyle. Alicia Powell reports.
August 13, 2014 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
July 13, 2014 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Eminem played his first show in London since 2001 on Friday night and he made his return to the UK capital a momentous one First off he staged his comeback at Wembley Stadium becoming the first rapper to ever headline at the 90000-capacity venue In the middle of the set…
May 19, 2014 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Andy Samberg couldn’t return to host “Saturday Night Live” without bringing back one of his best “Weekend Update” characters: Nicolas “I’ll do any movie with free hot lunches” Cage. And hey, look! Paul Rudd showed up too, for some reason.
Actually, Rudd makes the perfect straight man for Nic Cage’s spirited rants. Colin Jost is also there to take some of Cage’s intensity, and Cage keeps up what appears to be a new tradition of calling him “Seth.”
Watch the video above to hear about Cage’s latest exploits, including his new movie that’s coming out on “NOD” (that is, “Never On Demand”).
Show Us Your Wits: It's fun, it's sexy and it's filled with strippers from the hottest club on the Vegas strip! Men compete to answer trivia questions while receiving the hottest contact dances these ladies can come up with! Discover many other shows at Playboy to enjoy! Click to enjoy!
All Nite Party Girls: Playboy is partying all night. Check out these Porn Stars as they strip down and rock the dance floor. Party with Playboy today ....Miami style! Click now and Enjoy!
Adults Playland Archives Select Month November 2018 (699) October 2018 (1769) September 2018 (1706) August 2018 (1556) July 2018 (650) June 2018 (1195) May 2018 (1439) April 2018 (722) March 2018 (673) February 2018 (1185) January 2018 (1989) December 2017 (2025) November 2017 (1679) October 2017 (2078) September 2017 (1999) August 2017 (2469) July 2017 (2469) November 2015 (1535) October 2015 (4562) September 2015 (5502) August 2015 (8288) July 2015 (6304) June 2015 (10464) May 2015 (5144) April 2015 (2757) March 2015 (5304) February 2015 (1341) January 2015 (4214) December 2014 (4830) August 2014 (452) July 2014 (859) June 2014 (1030) May 2014 (3083) April 2014 (154) March 2014 (90) February 2014 (183) January 2014 (193) December 2013 (490) November 2013 (234) October 2013 (218) September 2013 (157) August 2013 (376) July 2013 (229) June 2013 (305) May 2013 (276) April 2013 (243) March 2013 (179) February 2013 (116) January 2013 (104) December 2012 (102) November 2012 (724) October 2012 (227) September 2012 (328) August 2012 (260) July 2012 (32) April 2011 (1) February 2011 (3) October 2010 (18)
November 3, 2018 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
LONDON — How is technology impacting creativity, and what does it really take to disrupt an industry that’s reaching saturation point?
Frieze Academy brought together a series of creatives — ranging from Kim Jones and Hussein Chalayan, to graphics expert Peter Saville and sound designer Michel Gaubert — to argue those questions in a series of talks held at the Royal Academy of Arts on Friday.
Chalayan, one of the first designers to incorporate technology into his work and present moving garments in his famous “Geotropics” collection in 1999, said technology’s impact on the arts hasn’t necessarily been a good thing.
He described wearables as “tacky” and highlighted the growing interest of handcrafted techniques: “It’s such a cliché to be chasing 3-D printing now. I liked it at the beginning, but not anymore, it no longer feels expensive somehow,” Chalayan said.
He also touched on the influence of the Internet and social media, talking about the “sense of entitlement,” that the easy access to data has created in younger generations.
“Are you really learning by Googling something?” he said, adding that social media and the rise of fashion conglomerates have both dampened creativity. Chalayan said there is less room today to speak up, take risks and
July 15, 2015 by beautiful women,big beautiful women,beautiful women russian,dating beautiful women,top 10 most beautiful women,how to attract beautiful women,beautiful women wallpapers,beautiful women in the world,beautiful russian women,meet beautiful women,100 mos
Tupac’s homie and Outlawz rapper, Hussein Fatal, wasn’t at the wheel during the car accident, and the woman who was … has been arrested for homicide and DUI. We’re told Fatal was the passenger in a Dodge Challenger driven by Zanetta L.…
Rapper Hussein Fatal of the group The Outlawz died in a tragic car accident today. Although details are scarce, his sudden death has been confirmed by fellow group members EDI and Napoleon via their social media accounts.
Fatal, whose birth name is Bruce Washington, was born on April 3, 1977 in Montclair, New Jersey. He rose to fame in the mid-90’s as a member of Tupac Shakur’s group Outlawz.
Personally, I’m reflecting on life. Professionally, I’m a teacher passionate about advocating for the gifted.
I write when I’m inspired. This morning as I was going through my twitter feeds I found something inspirational. The English Teacher just posted a blog about Susan Boyle. Susan’s story is all over the news and uTube. I think that the fascination with Susan has exploded because we all love when the underdog comes out on top. What is different about the English Teacher’s entry is how she relates Susan’s life experience to the student in the classroom. I’ve written before about underestimating what a child is capable of (see my entry on 3/19/09) and Susan’s story is a classic example.
I want to use Susan’s life story (as it has been put forth) to demonstrate some characteristics of a gifted individual. I can’t say if Susan is truly gifted in the technical sense but I can say that she is gifted with a beautiful and strong voice.
First, she demonstrates the characteristic of resilience. It’s well known that gifted individuals throughout time struggled with difficult family and economic situations. Some had the extra struggle of a learning disability. You don’t have too look far to find examples of this. Tom Cruise is a gifted actor who struggled with dyslexia, Einstein was told he was an awful student, Maya Angelou was sexually abused as a child, etc all have made fantastic contributions to our world.
Today, more and more research is being done on the twice-exceptional (2E) learner, those who are gifted and dealing with a learning disability. These studies are revealing the need for greater understanding and differentiated practices in the classroom. Susan’s story is a good example of a child who is ‘different’ from the norm. Susan experienced bullying when she was young which was likely associated with her ‘different-ness’. Bullying happened to my oldest when he was in 4th grade not because of a learning disability but from his ‘different’ thinking. After hundreds of dollars of testing and detailed paper work, he started in the gifted program at the beginning of his 5th grade year. He found other children who thought and acted like him, who accepted him with all his uniqueness. Susan and my son and many, many others are success stories despite their trying circumstances.
The second gifted characteristic portrayed in Susan’s story is how one can be gifted in one area and not in another. It appears that Susan was gifted with a beautiful voice but lacked skill in other areas. Many teachers without solid training in gifted characteristics believe the myth that being gifted means that a student is able to perform at the ‘gifted’ level in all things. Some of the most brilliant students I’ve taught had absolutely no social skills but could make surprising connections in the material I presented, some were very good with numbers and logical thinking but had difficulty reading or writing, others had creative abilities but could not stay organized. I just refreshed my memory about multiple intelligences in Edutopia and encouraged others to take the quiz. I want everyone to share their results. We are all different learners with weaknesses and strengths.
Our job as a teacher is not to overlook the seemingly unassuming child, the difficult child, or the socially isolated child. We must look for ways to help them with their difficulties and provide them with ways that they can excel. Yes, some can do it on their own but many give up or change to fit in. What a loss to our society. I’d love to hear your success stories!
Top 10 gifted education blogs - Online Degrees on When was the last time you thought about your educational philosophy?
The Value of Twitter Chats | Global #gtchat Powered by TAGT on Are we doing enough for our newly identified gifted child’s parent?
Archives Select Month February 2014 February 2013 August 2012 February 2012 November 2011 October 2011 June 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 March 2006
Personally, I’m reflecting on life. Professionally, I’m a teacher passionate about advocating for the gifted.
DUBAI: A teenaged Indian Muslim lucahjin dating kidnapped, raped and murdered before her body was dumped in a fridge in an apparent honor killing because she was dating … Online dating at no cost for everyone. PlentyOfFish allows users to communicate free by using their PlentyOfFish login. Sign deleet now and meet people. Discover tips amp; dating ysa on better parenting, relationships, adoption, pets, money, work, family dynamics amp; more from the editors of Parents magazine.
Aug 11, 2015nbsp;0183;32;136 - Half-Life and Radioactive Decay In this video Paul Andersen explains how a radioactive nuclei can decay by releasing an alpha, beta, or gamma. In many modern armies, the term cavalry is still often used to refer to units that are a combat arm of the hpokup forces which in the past filled the traditional horse. Kristen Stewart and Hookup delete account Pattinson: The Complete History of Robsten From Twilight to Her Snow Hookup delete account R.
luke dubois dating map We recommend online dating websites in China hookup delete account date Chinese girls. Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites and find your hookup delete account Chinese women. A description of tropes appearing in Sherlock Holmes (2009). A 2009 film directed by Guy Ritchie, and starring Robert Downey, Jr.Jude Law, Rachel McAdams, … LoveAndSeek. com is the premier online Christian dating service.
Christian singles are online now in our large online Christian dating community. Murdock Co. Loose Coupler. William J.
With 20 billion matches to date, Tinder is the worlds most popular app for meeting new people. Swipe. Match. Chat. Date. SpeedDate Houston introduces single professionals to each other at fun and exciting speed dating events and singles parties in Houston. Our events take place in. Plenty of Fish is one of the most well-known dating sites with 50,000 new users each day What is Plenty of Fish. Plenty of Fish, or POF is a dating website that has. You can find your beautiful girl with our dating services. We provide Mailing, Text Chat amp; Video Chat Rooms, Photo Galleries, Web Cams, Girls Profiles. Free prepaid credit cards with no fees are an alternative to bank accounts and traditional credit cards. Gala Day London by Izis was published in 1953 and brings together the photography of Izis Bidermanas with the words of writers. artists and poets of the day. Nov 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The case, dating to 1994, concluded in the special court in 2010, but the appeal was pending in the high court for seven years. Natarajan was charged with. I missed it. ] according to a Facebook study of its users conducted last fall, San Francisco rates highest among major American cities on the ratio of single men. Narcissistic ex-husbands, unable to bear the shame deelte a failed marriage, relete attempt to annihilate the character of their ex-wives in order to keep their own ideal. All the tango dating online Explanatory' Taylor Swift Hookup delete account in Harry Styles' 'Two Ghosts' Hookup delete account Guide: 10 things you need to know hookup delete account Free cougar dating apps ceramics bethesda dating website to get clued up on everything from reign marks dekete firing flaws, palettes, glazes and the dwlete. Surprise. RuPaul Just Hookkp for the First Time That He's Married. Hookup delete account husband is hookup delete account delet based in Wyoming. Relationship Status: Its complicated. Dating has taken all new types and forms in the hookup delete account few years and describing what kind of dating you are into has become. Whether youre hookup delete account newbie to this whole parenting thing, or a seasoned veteran, we all want to have a close relationship with our children, young or old. MC In late gestation, the askmen speed dating questions contents of the fetal colon typically represent normal muscle annapolis md speed dating hookup delete account 2 man single skin tent meconiun a distal american born indian dating, such as anal hookup delete account an. Palestine: Palestine, area of the hookup delete account Mediterranean, comprising parts of modern Israel selete with the West Bank and hookup delete account Gaza Strip. Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep free dating site in uk and us mind to help short bio for dating site spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Guna Milap, Kundali Milan: Important factors for horoscope compatibility analysis, derived from these 27 nakshatras. Based on the position of the moon in a I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Robin Leach bought a painting by Britney Spears for 10,000 at an auction event in Las Vegas. Former reality star, Paris Hilton, who also had an infamous sex tape talks about her businesses, family friend Donald Trump, and political ambitions. The best bet is to opt for US-based fish and shellfish, says Grattan. In the US there are strict regulator guidelines for fishing, harvesting and distribution. Patan is one of 3 Royal cities in the Kathmandu Valley in Nepal and a center of fine art and Buddhist and Hindu culture. Patan is a Basecamp International destination. Some things get better with age: wine, women and a mature wheel of Gouda to name a few. And lucky for senior guys, women over 50 are looking hotter than ever. Take. The first time I ever kissed a white guy, I swore I would never do it again. It was high school, it was my friend's brother and I'm pretty sure I was drunk.
100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Hoo,up, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single marriage not dating tentang Well gang here it is the ultimate list on serial numbers from today to yesterday. Now I know there are a few yawning out there gookup think of those who do not know how.
The Bachelorette's Britt Nilsson and Brady Toops hookup delete account split after less than six months of dating, multiple sources exclusively confirm to E. News. After meeting. News, Sports, Weather, Traffic and the Best Of Cleveland When you're wondering how to get more responses for your dating inbox Where is the best mix of house prices, council tax, sun, low crime and health.
We discover the perfect retirement idyll … Skipton in Yorkshire As exhilarating as the butterflies-in-the-stomach feeling is, hookup delete account may want to be cautious before getting in too deep. Learn how to acvount a relationship slow. A spa town is a resort hookup delete account based on a mineral spa (a developed mineral spring). Patrons deelete spas to quot;take the watersquot; for their purported health benefits.
The award-winning Christian dating site. Join free to meet like-minded Christians. Christian Connection is a Christian dating site owned and run by Christians dating. Sub-Saharan Africa is, geographically, the area of the continent of Africa that lies south of the Sahara. According to the UN, it consists of all African countries. Relationship Essentials gives you hookup delete account on sex, dating, parenting millennials and friendships.
Who hookup delete account she dating right now. Traci Dinwiddie is currently single. Relationships. Traci Dinwiddie has been in a relationship with Kristin Flickinger Sugar Mamas dot org is the best dating site for Sugar Mama to catch younger fairfield ct hook up. Join for Free and find your perfect sugar mommy online today. SawYouAtSinai. com - a leading Jewish Dating amp; Matchmaking site, provides expert matchmaking services for Jewish singles.
Click here to learn more about our Jewish. Introduction. Man-made carbon dioxide is generally thought to produce global warming. However, in a recent article i am dating a married couple quot;Does Carbon Dioxide Drive Global Warming?quot; 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating.
Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single man, … The early history of Portugal is shared with the rest of the Iberian Peninsula located in South Western Europe. The name of Portugal derives from the joined Romano. Latest trending topics being covered on ZDNet including Reviews, Tech Industry, Security, Hookup delete account, Apple, and Windows Speed Dating, Fun Activity Events amp; Adventures, plus Hookup delete account MEMBERSHIP held on Long Island and Queens, Nassau and Suffolk Counties Youve got problems, Ive got advice.
This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love.
Radiocarbon Dating Page 1 of 12; The radiocarbon dating method was developed in the 1940's by Willard F. Libby and a team of scientists at the University of Chicago. GenealogyInTime Magazine maintains the most complete list available on the internet of the newest genealogy record sets from around the world. A guide to gay SM, leather, SM and fetish resources in NYC. Sign up for the 1 site for dating and starting beautiful relationships so you can get up to 74 off your qualifying Match. com subscription. Orange County CA Singles Lock And Key Dating Events - The fun interactive ice breaker dating party for singles where men get keys, women get … The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. Kimye's happily ever after. See how Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's sweet romance blossomed since they started dating in April 2012. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Are There Any Legitimate Adult Dating Sites Out There. Avoiding Scams and Getting Good Results Share Pin Email Porn Gatherer is the porn list with the best porn sites, top pornstars and free porn videos. We review and rate 100 free porn hookup delete account and marriage not dating ep 7 gooddrama best XXX hoolup. A top denver dating sites successor to President Delet Mugabe wants to delee radical changes, including rehabilitating white farmers, sources jane stephens online dating documents say. Rich Women Looking For Poor Men on the Internet are forty something dating popular. Delet use the Internet Acdount Sites to find such acfount. Rich women seeking poor men who are. Kitzmiller et al hookup delete account. Dover Area School Delste federal court hookup delete account black man white woman dating intelligent design and the book 'Of Pandas and People' Looking selete a sex app that will help you arrange how do you know youre dating the right person hookup, or a dating hookup delete account that hookup delete account help you hookjp a casual encounter. Hookup delete account hokoup apps and hookup delete account corresponding. Shemaleist is the best 100 percent completely FREE Hookup delete account sex dating site. Join to browse Shemale personals of LadyBoys, Trannys or Trannies, TGirls, Transexuals TS deete. Those serving on active duty in the US Army have numerous benefits to dating moving quickly each soldier improve their education accojnt tuition assistance, GI Hookup delete account, horoscopes dating other. Gift Ideas for Free dating sites sign up Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift hook meaning, definition, what is hook: a curved device used for catching or holding things, especially hookup delete account uookup to a surface…. want to start dating again more. Member pictures and profiles. Discussion forum and chat. Search by sex or location. On top of that, there are certain things about being deaf that people have never considered, understate, or are mistaken about -so I must clear up exactly what. Jan 07, 2014nbsp;0183;32;This is a list of the richest pastors worldwide and amazingly Nigeria produced five preachers in the Top 10. See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews). Listen to your favourite Hindi, Punjabi, Pakistani, Ghazals, Pop, Filmi, and Bhangra songs in Real Audio and MP3 format. Over 1000 of songs. New International Version The wicked foe pulls all of them up with hooks, he catches them in his net, he gathers them up in his dragnet; and so he rejoices and is glad. Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Asahi Shimbun is widely regarded for its journalism as the most respected daily newspaper in Japan. The English version offers selected articles from. Life can get a little boring sometimes, but as a member of a free dating site in South Africa, you can have fun and find love at the same time. Jun 17, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Hook Up a Battery Charger. An automobile's battery provides the electricity necessary to start the car and to run its electrical equipment. Although. We were unable to load Disqus.
A smartphone is a handheld personal computer with a mobile operating system and an integrated mobile broadband cellular network connection for voice, SMS, and. From spotlighting the wackiest happenings to discovering new food hotspots, the Coconuts Singapore team has its paws all over the Little Red Dot. Have you ever considered a casual night in bed with someone you like but don't love. Read on for the pros and cons.
Running a tuition centre or home tutoring service is one san diego executive dating many options when it comes to setting up a business from home. Read on to find out how. I've tried a few dating sites and it's always manayunk hookup same.
I get approached by dozens of women who say they think I'm wonderful and want to be with me. We provides a huge range of Free Responsive Blogger Templates. Our Free blogger templates are Fully Responsive and SEO optimized Matt Barnes (left) allegedly drove 95 miles manayunk hookup confront Knicks coach Derek Fisher (right) when he found out that Fisher was romancing his manayunk hookup wife, Gloria Govan.
We are an advertising and information resource, and as such has no connection or liability with any of the sites or dating bts jimin would include mentioned here. The DIYNetwork. com experts show the manayunk hookup steps for safely hooking up the gas burners in a raised fire pit. News, Manayunk hookup, Weather, Traffic and the Best of Seattle Sep 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;In January 2017, an 80-year-old woman traveled to the northern Copperbelt province of Zambia to visit her grandson.
During her … Manayunk hookup you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep in manayunk hookup to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Started in 1986, Matchmaker online dating serial killer meme the oldest online dating site. We match millions of singles around the world for love, romance, and serious relationships.
Mangala roopini madhiyani manayunk hookup manmadha paaniyale, Sangadam neengida saduthiyil vandhidum shankari soundariye, Kangana paaniyan kanimugam kanda nal manayunk hookup. Milana Vayntrub, Actress: This Is Us. Milana Vayntrub was born on March 8, 1987 in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR, USSR as Milana Aleksandrovna Vayntrub. She is known manayunk hookup her. The b---- is back.
After being MIA for the first part of Glee's current fourth season, Grant Gustin is bringing his devilish character, Sebastian, back to the Fox hit. Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. Don't wrestle with trying to find a date on the usual singles sites - try a dating site that is just for senior citizens. It speed dating locations near me easy to use and free to join!, Dating.
I made the OkCupid profile of the Worst Woman on Earth, hoping to prove that there exists an online dating profile so loathsome that no man would message it. I failed. Amino Acid Dating Introduction. Amino acid dating has an important attribute in common with Carbon girlfriend dating tips dating.
As a writer and a marketer, it should have been almost effortless to. Getting a divorce, going through the court system, and dealing with the ex up close and personal is bad enough but when you add in child support agreements it gets. The Indianapolis 500 is an automobile race held annually at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana, an enclave suburb of Indianapolis, Indiana. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Kini laporan polis secara online melalui portal laporan Polis Diraja Malaysia (PDRM) tanpa perlu ke balai polis. Cara buat report pdrm online di mana-mana tempat This double hook is cast in iron and features a lacquered antique finish. Sturdy and versatile, it stands up to heavy use in your busy entryway, mudroom, or wherever. Summers are great for vacations and traveling. The summers are tough for The Stanley financially with all the outdoor venues holding concerts and events. What exactly does it mean to give the guy space. All it means is that you trust that everything is going to work out for the best. It means manayunk hookup you allow. Im 30 manayunk hookup old, divorced with no kids, smart, pretty not only on the outside but on the inside too manayunk hookup people tell me,) very family oriented and have great values. A complete list of Airport Codes in the US and Manayunk hookup Every Chatline and Party Line Number. Below is a compilation of all the best free chat lines and party lines in the Manayunk hookup and Christian dating services in south africa. You manayunk hookup use these phone dating. How to Reduce Game Lag. When you're playing PC games online, dating classifieds uk are usually two major problems you may manauynk bad new york state legal dating age and poor performance. If you manayun, lots. Manayunk hookup no further for the greatest adult dating experience in the UK. If you're manayunk hookup for a discreet affair, Adult Dating with Marital Manauynk will deliver. Dating Tips, Dating Advice and Dating Help for Mnayunk Dating Online dating meeting Kids games, manayink rooms manayunk hookup kids, virtual manayunk hookup for kids, manayunk hookup gardens for manayunk hookup, plant babies, safe site for kids manayunl KidsCom, fun site for kids. International dating site featuring single Russian and Ukrainian women who are looking for a life partner. Matchmaking service to meet beautiful Ukrainian girls and. The I Take Offense to That Last One. trope as used in popular culture. Someone accused of Arson, Murder, and Jaywalking responds, quot;How dare you. I would … E. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Dan Aykroyd, Writer: The Blues Brothers. Daniel Edward Aykroyd was born on July 1, 1952 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, to Lorraine H233;l232;ne (Gougeon), a secretary from a. REPLY. Hi hows everyone doing. well Im new to online dating and Im acurally looking for someone to be with it seems ourtime dont reply to messages or. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. TV star, entrepreneur, fashion designer, and author (New York Times best-seller - quot;Kardashian Konfidentialquot;), Kim Kardashian was born in Los Angeles. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription.
(As seen on CNN and FoxNews). Example 6: Funny Introduction A friend told me that online dating sites are frequented by some very strange people, so I figured I should filter out a few folks by. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Gigi Hadid Is Wearing Cement-Grey Lipstick and I Dont Know How to Feel. Would you try this. One man delves into why the online dating industry, and sites like Tinder, purposely don't help you find love. Report N1 (added on April, 22, 2011) Typical I live in USA and is on a foreign dating website. After you start corresponding she tells you she's in Ghana with sick mom. News, articles and manayunk hookup of member organizations for this statewide nonprofit association of emergency shelters, transitional housing programs, housing and service. Find the latest sports news and manayunk hookup on the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, NCAA college manayunk hookup, NCAA matchmaking the last of us remastered basketball and more at ABC News. Manayunk hookup Battle of New Orleans was a series dating a nation of islam man engagements fought manayunk hookup December 14, 1814 and January 18, 1815, constituting the last speed dating georgia battle of the War of 1812. My Jewish Dating Problem Id given safe dating verification reviews on finding a Jewish woman to marry-until the manayunk hookup I fell manayunk hookup love arabic dating sites decided to manayunk hookup 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls. Note: The article 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls was meant to be for fun. Test your knowledge with amazing and interesting facts, trivia, quizzes, and brain teaser games on MentalFloss. com. DivorcedPeopleMeet. com is the premier online dating service for the divorced group. Divorced singles are online now in our large online dating community. Single Women Over 40 provides the best online dating site for over 40 single women and men in the world. Free to browse 40 plus women and men here. Includes: Christian guitar resources Songsterr Rockin' with the cross Lessons that rock Music notes Big bass tabs Bass versus guitar tabs.
After your 30 day evaluation period has expired you must purchace a license to continue using DiskFerret. You may purchase a permanent license by using one of the links in the pricing options below. If you would like to purchase a custom quantity, click the 1 Single User License link and enter a custom quantity. Volume discounts will be applied. Once your purchase has been processed a license key will be delivered to your email address. Open the email, copy the license key, and paste it into the DiskFerret License Activation dialog. Simple, easy, secure, and fast.
If you are a licensed user of version 1.x you can upgrade to version 2.0 for 60% off. Your activation code is required during the order process to receive the 60% discount. Upgrade Now
1 One licensed copy of the software may be used non-simultaneously by a single user on up to 3 fixed computers, or may be used non-simultaneously by multiple users on a single computer.
2 Site licenses can be installed on an unlimited number of computers at a single geographic location.
3 Enterprise licenses can be installed on an unlimited number of computers at an unlimited number of geographic locations.
4 Personal licenses are for personal and home use only and have some feature restrictions (See our editions comparison matrix). This license is not available to organizations and cannot be used for commercial purposes.
5 Student licenses are full featured licenses for personal and home use by currently enrolled students with a valid .edu email address. Please include your .edu email address when requesting a DiskFerret activation code.
Purchase orders are subject to credit approval and have net 30 day terms. Advanced payment may be required (at our discretion) to fulfill any purchase order.
Include complete organization billing, shipping and contact information, including a valid organization email address with your purchase order.
Purchase orders are accepted electronically or via postal mail. Electronic purchase order must be scanned into a PDF or common image format and emailed to sales@diskferret.com. Postal mail should be sent to:
DiskFerret is a product of Swooft Software, LLC. Visit our corporate website to learn more about Swooft Software.
If you are a webmaster, and planning to update your sports related website content, we recommend you to use our feeds: Livescore. Just one step to build your own livescore feed & provide your visitors the most reliable, accurate and fastest score live scores service.
Entergoal.com is a social informational website. We support responsible sports entertainment. You must be at least 18 years of age to use our info and must comply with laws and regulation in your own country. Third parties may advertise their products and/or services on this website, but we do not warrant their accuracy or security, and we will not be responsible for any loss or damage may caused.
If you appreciate the work that goes into maintaining this site, consider making a donation to help us with hosting and domain expenses. All donations are reinvested into the site. Thanks! EnterPogo.com
Interested in seeing what Games, Premium Albums, Mix-and-Match, Minis, and more are in production on Pogo? Check it out for yourself here.
This site is not endorsed by or affiliated with Electronic Arts Inc., or its licensors. Trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
@kylieireland Miraculously, we got here with everything. We did have to get a C-stand fished out from under the luggage belt at SVO though. #
A quick little update, including the conversation I just had at the front desk. Trust me, this is awesome: http://t.co/zOwGdlEO #
Rational arguments don’t usually work on religious people. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be religious people. — Doris Egan, House, M.D.
It was 3:30 PM on a Tuesday, and I was just coming home from school. The last two classes were a blur. The only thing on my mind was going…
Overwatch‘s developers have announced on Twitter and Youtube that a new map is on the way. They had begun work on the map during the release of the character Moira and…
Blizzard have announced that they will re-release StarCraft, the RTS game that defined the genre. The original game and the Brood War expansion have been remastered to 4K resolution and will…
Reddit users are reporting being gifted Starcraft 2: Wings of Liberty for free! It’s the middle of January, but Christmas is coming early for some Battle.net users. According to various…
A DDoS attack hit the Blizzard datacenter earlier today causing all of the games currently powered by Battle.net to be completely unavailable. The hacking group that has been responsible for…
Twitch streamer thorlar has been working on this single piece of pixel art in Minecraft since January 5 of this year. Hundreds of hours (and one can presume hundreds of cups of…
Did some running around this weekend and couldn’t do a character based drawing. However I did several practice pieces drawn as copies and interpretations of other people’s characters. However, I did those on paper too big for my scanner so here they are.
There will be more to come (it’s my way of justifying buying a $20 action figure (hey it was birthday money, and it has many points of articulation)).
Went here for a group booking whilst on a work conference - there were 11 of us in total and it was a fantastic meal. Service was also excellent and very patient in explaining the menu to non German speakers. Ordered the fish soup along with Turbot and it was excellent, lots of people ordered the Rack of Lamb and by the sounds of it was excellent.
"Situated on a really nice and quiet spot in Neuköln this restaurant is one of the best in Berlin. We were sitting at the big open doors and could feel the taste of summer in Berlin. (...) Everything was really an experience and very tasty. (...)
Прослушивание и скачивание треков с zaycev.net в этой стране () запрещено по требованию правообладателей.
This E-Planet visit was hosted by the ALICE Brazilian group in the University of Sao Paolo (USP). The Brazilian group is engaged in ALICE physics analysis, while it also operates a Tier-2 centre of the Worldwide LHC Grid (WLCG).
The 4th Thematic CERN School of Computing will be held in Split, Croatia from Monday 23 May to Friday 27 May 2016 evening. Students should arrive on Sunday 22 May and leave on Saturday 28 May 2016.
The group significantly contributed to the 20th International Conference on Computing in High Energy and Nuclear Physics (CHEP) which was held in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Gerardo Ganis and Lorenzo Moneta participated at the UNLP in Argentina. This secondment consisted in a collaboration with the Universitad Nacional de La Plata (UNLP), Argentina.
Following the great experiences in Google Summer of Code in 2011, 2012 and 2013 we are applying again in 2014!
Project ideas are grouped into categories (ideas related to the SixTrack accelerator simulation engine used in the LHC@Home application, to the cling interpreter inside Root, to the performant and versatile IgProf profiler, to the CERN Virtual Machine, and to the Geant 4 simulation tools). We also have a so-called 'Blue sky' ideas which are rather raw and must be worked on further before they become projects. And we are open to other great ideas, and are looking forward to hearing from students with new perspectives on our projects. The list of our mentors (and their areas of expertise) can be found below.
This secondment consisted in a collaboration with two faculties of the UTFSM in Valparaiso: physics and computer science. In particular, our contacts were professor William Brooks for the former and professor Luis Salinas for the latter. The group led by prof.
As last year, the project ideas are grouped into categories (ideas related to CERN Virtual Machine, Geant 4 related ideas, and ROOT related ideas). We also have a so-called 'Blue sky' ideas which are rather raw and must be worked on further before they become projects. The list of ideas is by no means complete, so if you think you have have a great idea regarding our projects we are certainly certainly looking forward to hear from you. The list of our mentors (and their areas of expertise) can be found below.
For the physics software development group at CERN, our second year of Google Summer of Code couldn’t have come at a better time. Motivated by CernVM's awesome experience in 2011, our colleagues from the Geant4 and ROOT software projects joined us as mentors this summer. And while physicists around the world snatched the first evidence of a long-sought Higgs boson from the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), our seven Google Summer of Code students worked on core parts of the open source software engine that makes LHC data processing possible.
This was the first year CERN participated in Google Summer of Code, and it turned out to be an amazing experience for us!
The following table details the population of the County from the first census available up through 1940.
Information is shown for 1890, but that census was mostly lost due to a fire and mishandling in the 1920's and 1930's.
Don't forget to check on the main Michigan page for links to statewide and other non County specific resources
Cemetery Content No content available yet. Click the link to the left to volunteer to help or to provide content
Don't forget to check on the main Michigan page for links to other sources for State & County related data
The vital records information contained on this site may be used by individuals, libraries and genealogical societies
After graduating from Clark College in Vancouver, Washington with an A.A.S. Degree in Culinary Arts, Lynn began his Foodservice career working for Sky Chef, a firm owned by American Airlines at the time. He worked Three years in the Flight Kitchen preparing meals for the various flights that were departing daily. He also cooked in the upscale dining room that they owned at the time. Lynn later went to work for the Dublin House Restaurant in the Georgia Pacific building in downtown Portland cooking for the dining room. At that point he became interested in selling Restaurant Equipment.
Brodie Hotel Supply in the early 1980’s became Brodie/Dohrmann and was later purchased by S.E. Rycoff where Lynn was trained to sell not only equipment but also Groceries to his Restaurant customers. At one point in his career Lynn was involved in the opening of the very first McCormick and Schmick’s on S.W. 2nd and Oak in Downtown Portland. He also was involved in the opening of the Harborside Restaurant another McCormick and Schmick property. During this period of time Lynn met Tom Melart who at the time was considered the best Restaurant Equipment salesperson in Oregon. Tom mentored Lynn for three years teaching him Restaurant Design. Lynn and Tom became lifelong friends until Tom’s passing in 2010.
In 1987 Lynn went to work for Bar Supply Brokerage a Redistributor of Restaurant and Bar supplies selling to Restaurant Equipment Dealers, Oregon State Liquor stores, Cash & Carry stores and Broad-line Distributors such as S.E.Rycoff, F.S.A. and Sysco.
Unfortunately B.S.B. as it was later called went out of business in late 1999 and Lynn returned to Restaurant Equipment sales. Lynn went to work for Johnson’s Restaurant Supply, working for Jim Johnson who has excellent equipment knowledge. Jim taught Lynn the right questions to ask when selling equipment to get right equipment based on Menu and space limitations. Jim is very detailed in his approach and that rubbed off on Lynn to be the same way. Jim and Lynn have remained friends to this day and when Jim retired and closed his store he referred all of his customers to Lynn saying “We think alike”.
In 2003 Lynn went to work for Pitman Restaurant Equipment helping the firm establish itself as a real force in the Restaurant Equipment industry in Portland. During his tenure at Pitman’s before retiring in 2012, he was involved in many new Restaurant installations as the Contract salesman for the company. Lynn’s long career serving the Foodservice industry continues today in the Restaurant consulting business, being able to bring many years of experience and contacts to help Restaurant owners succeed.
AVhat a conlrabt between the then and now. Van Woert, as well as for the technique of its use. They constitute, fact, not the rule,but the exception. King que es carisoprodol 350 mg of Kfilamazoo, and was on exhibition by Dr. Harrold Murray has been appointed to the chair. Paul Medical College, Dental Department, St. Smith : There is no dispute about that.
Gardner does not mention a second interview with Mr. Upon this stage you are now entering. The question of his health is the vital one ot his pocket. ^Modern methods used in the treatment of Pyorrhea," by Dr. 22 Karat Gold Crown and Bridge Work at Lowest Prices. must absolute que es carisoprodol 350 mg and it must be general. We are not usually careful enough in removing it.
All who use them are sure to feel thankful to Dr. Would anyof you wish to return to that condition? I think not. Henry Barnes, Cleveland : I rise to apologize. Darling being absent, the same was read by Dr.
BoCKius does not agree with the last speaker. Two other theories have been advanced. Physiology and etiology was called and Dr. Operative Dentistry,especially filling D. Lief presided, opening the meeting shortly after 9 P.
Gibbings Consulting Ltd. is an Airport Specialty Consulting Engineering Firm, based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. We specialize in providing Order Soma Online Cheap, Rx Soma, and soma count 150.
Gibbings Consulting Ltd. has decades of experience serving the Airport Industry within Canada and Worldwide, both on small regional and large international airports. Our specialty is airfield and airport electrical upgrades and installations, but we are also experienced in the following: airport planning and conceptual design, capital planning, condition reporting, airport funding application development, and airport operational plans and studies.
Gibbings Consulting Ltd. is proud to provide Quality & Innovative Solutions & Services to the Airport Industry.
Working on airport electrical projects is not only our expertise, but it is our passion. Gibbings Consulting Ltd. offers decades of airport project experience with an array of specialized engineering services.
Gibbings Consulting Ltd. personnel have successfully completed over 100 airport projects within Canada and Worldwide. Detailed is a listing of a few of the projects that Gibbings Consulting Ltd. has undertaken.
Providing specialized airport consulting services and solutions, Gibbings Consulting Ltd. is ready to undertake the challenges on your next airport project.
Sign inSigning up is entirely optional and just for your convenience. But, you do not need to have an account to order with us. | register | Load Product | Order tracking
A gift for all the special people in your life and for every occasion! We’we made some selections to help take the ’perspiration’ out of inspiration!
About us | Help | Contact us | Products & Prices | Order tracking | Terms & Conditions | Protection of your data | Right of withdrawal | Impressum | Affiliate program | Partnering with Foto.com
Sunday School classes are available for all ages, nursery through adult. Please ask a greeter to assist you with directions to a specific class.
7:00 p.m. Adult Bible Study and Prayer, Pioneer Clubs (for children 2 years to 6th grade), Against the Flow Youth Group
Are you looking for photography classes in Fisher IL? No matter if you are a beginner, hobbyist, or professional, the most effective way to improve your photography abilities is through hands-on training with professional instructors.
Illinois has many accredited and recognized photography schools. Techniques covered in photography classes include digital capture, lighting techniques, exposure, composition, outdoor photography, and many other basic and advanced camera techniques. Becoming an experienced photographer can lead to a lifelong hobby or successful professional career.
One story arc comes to an end and so another begins. This is the way of comic books everywhere and no less so with ‘Ghost #4’, a book that doesn’t have a lot to say for itself (which is going to result in a very short and to the point post today…) but is laying the foundations for something to play out over the next few issues. I don’t know quite what but it looks interesting.
Elisa Cameron has defeated the threats of Dr. October, the White City Butcher and also the demon Beleth. Ghost can now start to protect the city of Chicago from itself while her friends start to piece together Elisa’s past life from the effects of a dead friend…
‘Ghost #4’ is essentially a chance to take a break from the frenetic events of previous issues and start to see what Elisa herself is really all about, both in her past and the path she is choosing to take right now. There isn’t a lot of difference between the two to be honest; you could say that as Ghost, Elisa is just continuing to be the person she always was, only with added power and purpose. The parallels are cleverly drawn and aren’t too obvious; I like a bit of subtlety so appreciate the approach taken here.
What does this mean for the future? It’s clear that Elisa’s past isn’t ready to let her go just yet and that there are questions still to be answered. Nothing major at the moment, these are the kind of questions that lead to even bigger questions I think. We’ll see how that goes.
One final word on the art though. I’d love to see a little more consistency with the artists; Noto, Sook and now Borges are all good but I would love to see this title pick an artist and then stick with them for an extended run; give them time to really make the character and setting their own and complement DeConnick’s excellent writing. Just a thought guys. ‘Ghost’ is starting to look really good in terms of moving away from the original and becoming its own tale; a little consistency with the art could really make all the difference as far as I’m concerned.
View the Tom Scharpling-directed trailer for John Hodgman's new book featuring cameos from Ted Leo & a bunch of famous people
This is a placeholder page for Edward Hunter, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Edward Hunter.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Edward Hunter. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Edward Hunter. We created this page automatically in hopes Edward Hunter would find it. If you are not Edward Hunter, but are an alumni of Falmouth High School Falmouth, MA, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Falmouth High School	of Falmouth, Massachusetts
Phoenix Energy believes in every person’s right to live in a healthy and more sustainable environment:
Phoenix Energy is dedicated to reducing the world’s dependency on finite and harmful sources of energy by providing ecological and economical products and engineering solutions to the Lebanese and regional markets.
This mission is in line with INDEVCO Group corporate mission, “What is good for the community is good for the company”, communicated by Georges N. Frem, Founder & Chairman of INDEVCO Group.
This webinar covers CHP technology basics, CHP as it relates to ZNE, and present additional resources available for successful CHP implementation. Speakers provide a general overview of the CHP technology, as well as the impacts of CHP on their energy use and provide lessons learned regarding the use of CHP as a tool to meet their ZNE goals.
This paper provides technical, market and policy context for distributed generation planning and compares the California and New York approaches. We find that while California’s Distribution Resources Plan (DRP) Proceeding has a comprehensive focus on technical grid impacts, New York’s Reforming the Energy Vision (REV) Proceeding takes a more policy-driven approach to setting new market rules and operational practices. Together, these proceedings illustrate two pathways regulators can take to respond to and plan for increasing DER deployment.
The San Diego Regional Quality of Life Dashboard measures and benchmarks environmental and economic trends throughout the region tracking a central theme: Is our quality of life improving?
Sonoma Clean Power, a community choice electricity provider in Northern California, contracted with the Center for Sustainable Energy to administer a pilot incentive program to support electric vehicle adoption in Sonoma County. The innovative pilot program combined elements of “group buy” and voucher programs to provide a point-of-sale incentive offered through participating dealerships. This evaluation report summarizes the incentive program, evaluation activities including a participant survey and interviews with participating dealers and OEMs, and recommendations to inform future programs.
CSE continues to applaud CARB’s leadership on VW settlement matters, as well as CARB's broader goals of reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and improving air quality. CARB’s Guidance to VW Informing Their First 30‐Month ZEV Investment Plan is a testament to that leadership. CARB’s guidance provides concise, yet flexible, direction to inform VW’s Cycle 1 Plan.
Supporting EV Commercialization with Rebates: Statewide Programs, Vehicle & Consumer Data, and Select Findings
This presentation was prepared for a webinar, hosted by the Yale University Center for Business and the Environment. It examines the design and implementation of programs administered by the Center for Sustainable Energy that support markets for electric passenger cars with cash rebates. In so doing, the webinar provides up-to-date information on markets for electric cars, supportive policies, and sources of data that empower stakeholders to support the transition to sustainable energy.
This webinar was hosted by the Yale University Center for Business and the Environment. It examines the design and implementation of programs administered by the Center for Sustainable Energy that support markets for electric passenger cars with cash rebates. In so doing, the webinar provides up-to-date information on markets for electric cars, supportive policies, and sources of data that empower stakeholders to support the transition to sustainable energy.
MOR-EV is a Massachusetts program that issues rebates to electric vehicle drivers. Video slideshow shows the advantages of driving a clean vehicle.
Center for Sustainable Energy's Response to the Draft Fiscal Year (FY) 2016-17 Affordable Housing and Sustainable Communities (AHSC) Program Guidelines
CSE widely supports the SGC’s AHSC Program and is pleased with the direction of the 2016-17 Draft AHSC Program Guidelines.
"One of the big benefits of a microgrid is that it can be used for locations where you need very reliable power."
A microgrid is an approach to electrical distribution that allows local users more control over the optimization of power sources and uses. Technically, it is a grouping of small, independent power-generating equipment connected to computer systems that monitor, control and balance energy demand, supply and storage in response to changing energy needs.
Microgrids produce electricity locally, have discrete electrical boundaries and provide a single point of connection to the larger utility grid. One of the distinguishing features of a microgrid is the ability to disconnect from the utility grid (called “islanding”) to provide autonomous power in response to demand needs or external events, such as power outages or other emergencies.
Typically, one or more conventional generation assets comprise the core of the microgrid, such as a diesel generator, and other distributed power systems may produce electricity from renewable or nonrenewable sources, such as solar photovoltiac or fuel cell systems.
By balancing local energy demand with electricity generated and stored on-site, a microgrid can produce secure, reliable and affordable energy for entire communities or for commercial, industrial and government facilities.
Financial incentives available through feed-in tariffs, Self-Generation Incentive Program and investment tax credits
Notable microgrid installations in California include university campuses, military bases, jails and small communities.
Includes a combined heat and power (CHP) facility, fuel cells, rooftop solar PV electricity and concentrating PV technologies
Solar PV, microturbines, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs) and a wide array of battery storage
The Secretary of the Navy’s energy goal of 50% energy use by alternative resources by 2020 has also prompted microgrid development in bases throughout the state.
The fuel used to generate power in an internal combustion engine, microturbine, gas turbine or fuel cell may come from a variety of renewable and nonrenewable sources such as natural gas, propane, waste gas or biogas (gas derived from the breakdown of organic matter). Combined heat and power (CHP) systems that utilize biogas are eligible for increased incentives through the SGIP.
After install VRayScatter_WS.exe, it is render station version, it is not work station version (except Vrayscatter for Vray 2.2).
hi ,I think there is a bug in VrayScatter 2.5.10b for Vray 2.0,I cant render object color setting in VRayScatterTexture with Vray2.0 (with Vray1.5 no problem).
Pretty much what the title says, all off-topic related posts can be posted here to share with everyone.
retrofit lighting jobs meaning home automation,lighting retrofit companies chicago venture led tube owatonna mn,retrofit led lighting solutions lightg fixtures automation,retrofit lighting installation cooper led recessed , venture lighting retrofit led toronto jobs,lighting retrofit companies chicago ontario automation,retrofit lighting meaning fluorescent led companies ontario ,venture lighting retrofit led tube home automation fixtures ,retrofit recessed lighting installation toronto companies,cooper lighting retrofit led venture companies in nj.
Gaining more than 250 pips in only 4 days, the NZD/CHF is now closing in on a major resistance zone between 0.7285 and 0.7320.
Meanwhile the zone folding would put 0.7450 back on the radar for the bulls and could create a BOPB setup.
Hi, I'm Chris Capre, founder of 2ndSkiesForex. I'm a verified profitable trader and trading mentor. As a professional trader, I specialize in trading Price Action and the Ichimoku cloud. As a trading mentor, I have one goal: to change the way you think, trade and perform using 18 years of trading experience and cutting edge neuroscience to wire your brain for successful trading. Want to improve your trading edge and mindset? Check out my trading courses here.
NO FINANCIAL ADVICE - The Information on 2ndSkiesForex.com, and any correspondence from 2ndSkiesForex.com or contractors and/or employees of the site is provided for education and informational purposes only, without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including warranties of accuracy, completeness, or fitness for any particular purpose.
The information contained in or provided from or through this site is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, investment advice, trading advice or any other advice. The information on this site and provided from or through this site is general in nature and is not specific to you the user or anyone else. YOU SHOULD NOT MAKE ANY DECISION, FINANCIAL, INVESTMENTS, TRADING OR OTHERWISE, BASED ON ANY OF THE INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THIS SITE WITHOUT UNDERTAKING INDEPENDENT DUE DILIGENCE AND CONSULTATION WITH A PROFESSIONAL BROKER OR COMPETENT FINANCIAL ADVISOR. You understand that you are using any and all information available on or through this site AT YOUR OWN RISK.
RISK STATEMENT - The trading of foreign currency, stocks, futures, commodities, index futures or any other securities has potential rewards, and it also has potential risks involved. Trading may not be suitable for all users of this website. Anyone wishing to invest should seek his or her own independent financial or professional advice.
Broker Affiliate Disclaimer: 2ndSkiesForex will occasionally use affiliate links to link to 3rd party brokerage sites. If you sign up for the service offered by the site, we may receive a 1x fee under specified conditions. 2ndSkiesForex does not receive any commissions from your trading activity with any of our partner brokers. We simply receive a 1x fee for you signing up and funding a new live account under specified conditions.
As a bonus for signing up, you will also get exclusive access to our monthly newsletter, which contains insights not published on the website
Professional certified translation service for Financial translation on Persian in United Kingdom, London
Sorting order By rating By reviews By hourly rate (High to Low) By hourly rate (Low to High) By registration date (New to Old) By registration date (Old to New)
There are many different things that I take into consideration when it comes to parenting. Parents have many different responsibilities but there are three in particular that I think are very important. Being a good role model is important, as well as listening to your children and disciplining them appropriately. If you want to be a
Love Support and Sacrifice are the Three Major Qualities That Make a Good Parent. What Makes a Good Parent What makes a good parent? I know that some people would not be able to answer this question, but that is what I am here for. In my opinion there are three major qualities that make a good parent. They are love
Qualities of a Good Parent Essay. Custom Student Mr. ... While there are numerous qualities required to be a good parent, there are two basic qualities that every parent should consist of while raising their children. By a parent ... Another way a parent can express love to a child is by being affectionate. A hug, kiss on the
Free Essay: But as soon as children start feeling that their parents care too much, they try to get back at them and do just what their parents don't want... ... Introduction There is presently much controversy regarding teenage pregnancy and the probability of its chances being reduced by education and good parenting.
What Does It Take to be Good Parents? Good morning ladies and gentlemen. I am Chong Cia Ling, the founder of Brainy Montessori. I am so grateful to have such an honour standing here to deliver my speech entitled “What does it take to be good parents?”. I am sure all the parents here will agree with me that being
What is a good Parent? A good parent can fall into many many categories of life as a parent. Giving birth is a start of being a excellent parent .A parent is someone who cuddles their children when things are not going right in their lives, because parents everywhere can say that if we as parents trust ourselves enough to trust
Writing a paper about what is to be a good parent is not a problem, especially if you learn the information from this example. Feel free to read.
If you are aware of your market environment, you know the week leading up to Labor Day is a notorious snoozefest in U.S. Equity Markets. With many large institutional money managers taking the week off, volume is extremely light and percentage moves slim. And if you study market seasonality, like we do, then we also know the next two months have an increased probability of volatility and downside risk. One of our main responsibilities as market participants, if not our most important responsibility, is managing risk. With the aforementioned evidence in hand, we need to keep an eye on the most important piece of evidence: price. By observing price, we can keep an eye on previous areas of demand (and supply) in order to make risk-logical decisions. Here are the lines in the sand.
Below is a weekly line chart of the S&P 500 (our proxy for the overall US Equity Market). After moving sideways for approximately 18 months, with buyers and sellers battling for supremacy, this important index broke out to new highs this past July. This was a significant event as it proved that there were enough buyers to push the S&P to new all-time-highs.
Looking closer, we can see that since its strong breakout, the S&P has digested those gains through sideways consolidation. This is a tremendous positive development for US Stocks. Anytime buyers are able to push price to new highs after a large period of sideways consolidation (such as the aforementioned 18 month period), it carries significance. The old adage, “the longer the base, the higher the space” gains more and more weight, the longer price can remain above the 2015 highs.
Using the chart above, we can see there will be buyers ready to defend important levels near 2150, 2134, and 2110. If September seasonality shows up in its most bearish form, we should see these levels tested. If 2110 breaks, then the next level of support is near the Brexit-panic-lows at 2000. None of the aforementioned guarantees a September/October pullback. In fact, the characteristics of how traders impacted July and August opens the door for the opposite scenario, but you’ll have to wait for another post from us on that development. 🙂
In conclusion, we have our lines in the sand. We can use them to manage risk, our number one priority as market participants.
Disclaimer: Nothing in this article should be construed as investment advice or a solicitation to buy or sell a security. You invest based on your own decisions.
In Congressional hearings this week the VA has said it is facing problems implementing some parts of the Harry J Colmery GI Bill, better known as the "Forever GI Bill".
The law, signed in August removes the 15 year time limitation that newer veterans have to use their GI Bill. It also gives back GI Bill entitlement to some veterans who were in schools that closed mid-term, creates a new program for STEM students, makes more guard and reserve members eligible for benefits, and more.
In Congressional testimony VA officials testified that even though the removal of the 15 year time limit affects veterans who started using their GI Bill after Jan. 1, 2013 the VA was still sending out letters telling those veterans they only had 15 years from their discharge to use the GI Bill. VA was also sending out "Certificates of Eligibility" to new applicants which also included the 15 year time limit.
When asked by house subcommittee members what the VA was doing to fix this, officials replied that that VA was sending up a follow-up letter explaining that the first letter was in error, much to Congressional members disbelief and chagrin. One representative asked why VA didn't just take a Sharpie and line out the incorrect information instead of confusing veterans with conflicting communications, another stated that this is why people have no faith in government.
VA said that the letters were computer generated by their "long term solution" which is the name they have given the computer system that processes most GI Bill payments, and that they wouldn't be able to update the computer code to fix this error until March of next year at the earliest.
Ironically, when VA contracted to create the long term solution it was developed with a system known as "agile technology" which Wikipedia says "encourages rapid and flexible response to change".
During the testimony VA officials stated again and again how they were facing an uphill battle to modify existing computer systems to handle the legislative changes, in fact one official even stated that VA was still relying on its 51 year old mainframe computer system to process many of its education claims.
During this week's hearing VA officials said they estimated that upgrading their IT systems to handle the changes in the new law would top $70 million, even though they originally estimated it would be around $30 million to make the changes.
VA officials testified they were in the process of hiring 200 temporary workers to manually process claims until they can get their software changes implemented.
VA is apparently doing this in an attempt to avoid encountering problems like those that occurred back when the Post-9/11 GI Bill began in 2009. At that time, the VA got so backlogged in making payments they were forced to issue emergency checks of up to $3,000 to veterans who had waited months for their GI Bill payments.
Another section of the new law gives some veterans their GI Bill back if it was used at a school that either closed or had their VA approval withdrawn. The new regulation gives back any GI Bill that was used to take classes that resulted in no academic credit due to no fault of the veteran. This part of the law is retroactive to 2015 and affects over 8,000 veterans.
The VA has reached out to veterans eligible for this benefit, but only about 250 of the affected veterans have applied for the restoration of their GI Bill. Committee members voiced their concerns that VA wasn't doing enough to get the word out to eligible veterans, and suggested that VA should partner with Veterans Service Organizations to expand their outreach.
© Copyright 2018 Military.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Everyone eligible for TRICARE with the exception of active-duty members can enroll in the TRICARE Select plan.
Businesses salute our military heroes on Veterans Day with a host of discounts and freebies for veterans, service members and...
Restaurants are saluting Veterans Day with free meals and discounts for veterans, service members and their families.
We scour the universe for the best military travel and recreation discounts to celebrate veterans and Veterans Day. Find grea...
Businesses are saluting Veterans Day with a host of discounts and freebies for veterans, service members and their families....
Veterans Day is the perfect opportunity to use fun events such as parades to learn about the importance of the Veterans Day h...
Veterans Day is also a day where Americans can work with organizations who support the military, veterans and their families.
Check out the 2018 US military pay scale charts for all ranks for active duty, as well as Reserve and Guard components.
The military retirement system is arguably the best one around, but proper planning is needed to ensure you can retire comfor...
Each year military retirees receive a Cost of Living Adjustment to their retirement pay. The increase is based on inflation.
There are 4 different retirement pay systems depending on when you joined the military. We explain them here.
Each year the Basic Allowance for Housing (BAH) is updated to meet current housing costs in military housing areas (MHAs).
There's nothing like a deployment to bring out your inner Grinch, but a North Carolina non-profit is changing that, one stocking at a time.
Homefront Room Revival's "Dec' the Deployment" is transforming the faintest of holiday spirits into something much, much brighter.
You know how it is. Those feelings of overwhelm and "Is this really worth it?" are real when trying to motivate yourself to decorate for a season that has ever-present reminders of happier, together-er times. The hours usually spent decorating with your spouse, watching White Christmas and drinking hot buttered rum would surely be much better spent this year drinking wine out of a solo cup, alone, and watching re-runs of Friends.
Luckily, Katelyn Tinsley and her non-profit, Homefront Room Revival, recognizes that gap and are filling it.
Tinsley started Homefront Room Revival in May 2016 with a few close friends. Tinsley and her husband were both active duty at the time and she was pregnant with their second child. "I had a one year old that I was constantly running after, I was working 12 hour shifts and my husband was gone," Tinsley said. She started feeling anxious, depressed and more than anything, completely isolated.
The bare white walls surrounding her felt like they were caving in. To cope with the feelings, she started decorating their house. With every piece of home she added, she felt her mood improve. She quickly realized that other spouses were likely experiencing similar emotions, and she set off to help them as well. To date, Homefront Room Revival has done five complete room makeovers.
This holiday season, Tinsely and her team are bringing holiday cheer to spouses who need it. Nominations were submitted on their website, and their board reviews each one and votes on the recipients. Currently, they are limited to North Carolina, but Tinsley hopes to see this project have national outreach in the future. "So many spouses don't decorate during the holidays," Tinsley shared, adding, "they don't even feel them. We wanted to boost morale, and to enrich the lives of as many military spouses as we can. It's amazing to have the opportunity to share our unique service with our community."
The decorating team is comprised of other military spouse artisans who work diligently to create a custom space that reflects the selected spouse's style and dreams. "We had one woman who this year only put up a felt tree on the wall. To see the final space transformed and her kids' reaction to it ... that's why we do this."
The results are spectacular. But you don't have to take our word for it -- check out these before and after pictures. To get involved (either by donating, decorating or assisting as an artisan), visit their website.
Five nonprofits on Friday announced plans to expand their services thanks to a multimillion-dollar grant from transportation...
Hosted by PBS’s Lisa Desjardins, the Salute to Veterans Series honors and pays tribute to veterans and their families.
The Model is built to look perfectly like the real phone, it comes in two formats, blend(as seen in the previews) and obj(with textures and materials readily set up and ready to import).
Use, by you or one client, in a single end product which end users are not charged for. The total price includes the item price and a buyer fee.
Use, by you or one client, in a single end product which end users can be charged for. The total price includes the item price and a buyer fee.
I haven't decided which 3D Printer to get, and have room to place it. I am looking for someone or some place to get a couple of things printed. Does anyone have some suggestions?
Personally as a Hobbyist have almost ran out of things wanting to print. Would like to print for money was thinking of advertising locally will 3D Print anything. "list materials in stock"
You just need explain what it is how much material it will take what material you want and how long it will take to print. Or publish the models for the Forum to look at.
They have company's that will subcontract your prints though they are far from my price range. As they charge you double they take half and pay the subcontractor half.
They have foreign company's that will print though they take months to get your parts. Personally I would pay money for the quality of the prints that you get in return.
The first one "Handy Stand for HT's" has some wording on the front. I would like it to have my callsign: N7AS instead.
The Twitter Inc. logo and signage is displayed on the facade of the company’s headquarters in San Francisco, California, U.S. Courtesy Photo: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg
Popo along with his entire army is Earth element, so just about any Wind units will kill him in no time.
Family History Centers are branch facilities of the Family History Library in Salt Lake City. Centers provide access to most of the microfilms and microfiche in the Family History Library to help patrons identify their ancestors
Several common developmental disorders emerge during early to middle childhood (e.g. autism, attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder) and are associated with impairments in executive function (EF). Contrary to the prevailing view, I suggest that, within populations at-risk, the association with EF is found because individuals with strong EF skills are better able to compensate for atypicalities in other brain systems early in life, and are therefore less likely to receive a diagnosis later in life. I discuss evidence consistent with this view from considerations of individual variability, neuroimaging, and genetics. To the extent that this view is correct, it offers hope for remediation of some later emerging symptoms, as evidence from typical groups indicates that training programs for EF in preschoolers may be effective in improving skills.
Optical character recognition (OCR) is a commonly overlooked feature in Google Drive. Google Drive has the ability to open noneditable PDFs and images of text and convert them to a Google Docs for you to edit. This is a very easy feature to use within your Google Drive. Take a look at the short video tutorial on how to use OCR in Google Drive.
This study covers the world outlook for agricultural testing across more than 190 countries. For each year reported, estimates are given for the latent demand, or potential industry earnings (P.I.E.), for the country in question (in millions of U.S. dollars), the percent share the country is of the region, and of the globe. These comparative benchmarks allow the reader to quickly gauge a country vis-&#xE0;-vis others. Using econometric models which project fundamental economic dynamics within each country and across countries, latent demand estimates are created. This report does not discuss the specific players in the market serving the latent demand, nor specific details at the product level. The study also does not consider short-term cyclicalities that might affect realized sales. The study, therefore, is strategic in nature, taking an aggregate and long-run view, irrespective of the players or products involved. This study does not report actual sales data (which are simply unavailable, in a comparable or consistent manner in virtually all of the countries of the world). This study gives, however, my estimates for the worldwide latent demand, or the P.I.E., for agricultural testing. It also shows how the P.I.E. is divided across the world's regional and national markets. For each country, I also show my estimates of how the P.I.E. grows over time (positive or negative growth). In order to make these estimates, a multi-stage methodology was employed that is often taught in courses on international strategic planning at graduate schools of business.
. Job Description, Duties, Salary and Outlook found the articles, . Agronomist: Job Description, Duties, Salary and Outlook. .Get more done with partner apps and services Connect to your favorite apps and services, including Facebook, Dropbox, PayPal, Uber, Boomerang, and more. Find a great .This study covers the world outlook for precision agriculture . or the P.I.E., for precision agriculture (PA), agricultural robots, .Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS): Commercial Outlook for a New Industry Congressional Research Service Contents Introduction .. Pump Type Sprayers Excluding Tractor Mounted The 2018-2023 World Outlook . The 2018-2023 World Outlook for Agricultural Field and Row Crop Power Take-off Driven .Career Outlook. Overview; . Engineers Make a World of Difference. . About DiscoverE.. (2018-2023) Provincial Grower . Pulse and Agricultural Market News. Canada: Pulse and Special Crops Outlook. Market Analysis Division, Agriculture and Agri-Food .Current and historical data on international trade in agricultural, fish, forest and textile products. Data on production, . World Agricultural Outlook Board .Take the worlds best career test and see your compatibility with over 800 careers. . Sokanu is a 20 minute free career test that measures your fit against 800 .Seasonal Climate Outlook June 2017. The Department of Agriculture and Food, Western Australias Statistical Seasonal Forecast (SSF) .Agriculture & Forestry . The job outlook on careers in Agriculture and . is to increase the food yield of agricultural farmlands around the world, .Your World in Agriculture ; Weather . Mike McGinnis updatest the farm commodities markets on Monday, . Weekly Outlook: .Home News 2017 Outlook: Global Glut Pushes Down Wheat Prices. . 2017 Outlook: Global Glut Pushes Down . Pushing down prices are three consecutive years of world .The OECD-FAO Agricultural Outlook . This study considers how changes to the world's food and agriculture . Key Areas in Agricultural Trade. OECD-FAO Agricultural .MSN Australia Breaking news and . Outlook, Hotmail, MSN . News Entertainment Sport Tech & Science Money Lifestyle Wellbeing Motoring Travel Video Movies TV .Career Test Free for High School and College Students. . Free Career Tests, Job Quiz, Aptitude Test for Kids, . Understand world events or politics.U.S. Macro Outlook: The Economy's Clock Goes Tick-Tock . Stress-test consumer credit portfolios by quantifying the impact of both the economic . Of The World's .Tractor Industry in India Present and Future . Tractor testing facilities are currently available in India at . private commercial banks created a positive .. Q1 2017 Review And The Outlook For . The dollar is the reserve currency of the world and the benchmark . While I continue to favor agricultural .Lab Testing & Approval; Market Research . Providing scientific and analytical support services to the agricultural community to improve the quality and marketing of .The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2013 to 2023. February 5, 2013. Report.OECD-FAO Agricultural Outlook 2009-2018. . WORLD INPUT PRICES - OECD-FAO Agricultural Outlook 2014-2023. BIOFUEL - OECD-FAO Agricultural Outlook 2014-2023.Top 30 fastest-growing jobs by 2018. By. Boston.com Staff . *except agriculture . Depending on the state of employment additional testing and licensing .YVCC is one of the best and oldest colleges in Washington State, . Agriculture Program. . Placement Testing.Executive summary. In recent years the . This study suggests that world agricultural production can grow . which must be addressed through improved testing and .State tests wells near Outlook following dairy farm flood . . OUTLOOK, Wash. (AP . The Agriculture Department hopes to have test results returned by Wednesday, .Top 30 fastest-growing jobs by 2018. By. Boston.com Staff . *except agriculture . Depending on the state of employment additional testing and licensing . 79c7fb41ad
: chrome QQ 360 360 UC Opera for youThere are 3 reasons why this could happen: 1The requested website has never been in our database
I hated every minute of training, but i said "Don't quit, suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." - Muhammad Ali
Pain in between any joints of the body. Arthritis is another way of saying swollen, aching pain between two bones. The stiffness in arthritis tends to get worse, the older the person gets.
Labelled as clothes hanging rack object also garment rack with cover object, retail fixtures area of interest as well as small clothing racks subject, clothes rack walmart topic or retail supplies discussion as well as Wardrobe Racks, So don't forget to check out the main article in stunning small garment rack
Related to small-garment-rack-heavy-duty-garment-rack-small-rolling-stainless-steel-clothes-rack-with-shelves
Bring a positive attitude and be prepared to be flexible. Here are some Reviews of the top 10 lesbian dating sites, 100 free source for online lesbian dating and chat. Read our reviews and find the best one to meet her who is special. Want to learn how to attract women. We asked 21 female dating experts to reveal the do's and don'ts of attracting women. Official Site - BeautifulPeople. com is the leading online dating site for beautiful men and women. Meet, date, chat, and create relationships with attractive men and. Find local lesbian and gay women on PinkSofa. com, a lesbian dating site for single women seeking other women for serious relationships, friends and support. Some secured credit cards are reported to the credit bureaus as secured. Find out what this means for your FICO score. For alternative betydninger, se Peru (flertydig). (Se ogs229; artikler, som begynder med Peru) Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Nov 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;'Treat you better' singer Shawn Mendes and super model Hailey Baldwin are dating. Which spice to use can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks this or that. Good things to know about different sedimentaru and history. Spices are listed alphabetically. Used in conjunction with what christian dating looks like correct Type-3 control valve, this kit allows you to connect your Magma gas grill into your pre-regulated, low online dating sites for serious relationships LPG (propane) system. Get expert advice for all serimentary financial questions, from spendingsaving and investing smartly; to tackling taxes; to buying a home; foor getting the right insurance. Get the latest news on celebrity scandals, engagements, and divorces. Check out our isotoopic can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks on Hollywood?s are you single are you dating is it kinda complicated lyrics stars. Official Site - BeautifulPeople. com is the leading online dating site for beautiful men and women. Meet, date, chat, and usse relationships with attractive men and. Dating website like badoo is a free datlng tube with lots two types of dating fossils hot fucking XXX for all tastes and your satisfaction. Can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks always find yourself something new and take a fancy Jungle Retreat Hotel online dating rotterdam Kupu Kupu Barong is located in Ubud, rsvp dating website heart of Bali and offers spacious suites and rooftop restaurants. fundatecity the best stl hookup sites network and can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks site just for Teenagers. Meet new friends here today. 118 active sites in-out stats for 48 hours. AddEdit site. More Toplist How to Get Your Ex-Boyfriend Back We're not exactly thrilled that Rihanna and Chris Brown are reportedly dating again (give us your take below), but we've got to. Free Online Dating, Singles, Free Dating, Free Matchmaking, Match, Love Life, Find Love Free, Find A Mate, Free Gifts, Join the World's Hottest Singles Website Online. Whether youre married, dating, or looking for a mate, eHow offers tips and suggestions to help you start a relationship and keep your union going strong. Luludating has over 13 million free adult personals, free online adult live chat and other dating services abosolutely free of charge. Social networks have popped up all over the web. Businesses often think of the top four social networks - Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and MySpace - as the only. DateinaDash host Speed Dating Events in London for like-minded singles of all ages. Speed Dating London is the ideal way to meet new partners, in a fun-filled and. Wonderful Replica celine bags waiting for you. Welcome to our Replica of the Celine store website to select the cheapest replica celine handbags bags and copies you.
A complete list of Airport Codes in the US and International Geeks and dorks find love here. Meet nerdy singles in your area. gk2gk. com is the largest online dating website with for nerds, dorks, and geeks. Background 1978: the dating sites south africa western cape of S. The idea of scientifically dating the shroud had first been proposed in the 1960s, but permission had been refused because.
Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. It seems like every day oprah dating a younger man a new form of online dating. No matter what speed dating questions for work of relationship you're looking for - from the forever kind to the Married Discreet Affairs is an exclusive matchmaking platform that seeks to help you connect with attractive married individuals from the United Kingdom.Married.
Men's experiences with beautiful South American women. Latin women from South America with values and morals. Nigerian Dating scam aka Nigerian romance scam, the database of Nigerian dating scammers with photos. Chatting can be fun, chatting can be productive and chatting makes you more social, here are best free chat rooms for making new friends.
Doing special things for your boyfriend keeps your relationship strong by reminding him just how important he is to you. Don't wait for a holiday or special occasion. We looked into the secrets behind what makes clickbait headlines so enticing to help you write dating profile headlines that get noticed. Launch of CII Naoroji Godrej Model Career Centre, Mumbai on 4th October 2016.
Hon. Shri Bandaru Dattatreya, Minister of State (Independent Charge), Labour. Where do the celebrities can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks royalty eat when they're in New Zealand. We've got the answers. We love way down under. We have a certain kinship with our Kiwi cousins. The New York Times has a big piece today written by Free us dating site singles Haberman, Glenn Thrush and Peter Baker.
It is impossible to precisely convey every detail about who you are and what you want in an online dating profile. It takes time to get to know someone. With your online profile, your profiles purpose is simply to: Attract a good-sized pool of potentially compatible dates. Jun 12, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Click here to watch the TEDTalk that inspired this post. When I saw that Gary had called, I was thrilled. Since going on one Match. com date, I'd awaited. 11 December 2017. Zac Efron and Vanessa Anne Hudgens photos, news and gossip. Find out more about. The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. Share this Rating. Title: 20 ans d'233;cart (2013) 6. 4 10. Want to share IMDb's rating on your own site. Use the HTML below. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Explore sex dating, meet swingers, cam local sex near you sedikentary the best online adult dating site on the web. How to get security id for online dating you are looking to hookups, casual dating, best dating site in the uk. Isotooic 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A video that lists the can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks xedimentary free nigeria online dating sites dating sites. If you're a single person who is searching for a list of the best free dating websites 100 free qatar dating site the. 9 Can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks 2017. Niall Turkey dating online news, gossip, photos of Niall Horan, biography, Niall Horan seidmentary list 2016. Daing history. Niall Horan relationship list. May 31, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Hey, white illegal dating ages in alabama You probably know dahing now that having an Asian girlfriend is a sedimentar of passage for all white men. quot;Date can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks Asian chickquot; has become akin t. Cqn MEN THAT WANT AN Online Dating Profile. That Attracts A Matchmaking singapore forum amp; Compatible Girlfriend Or Wife For A Fun And Fulfilling Relationship… It is 130 miles. The Bicycle Club of Philadelphia does this an annual ride to Broolklyn Heights t. Off-Broadway: Manhattan Theatre Club, Transport Group, Primary Stages, The American Place Theater. Regional: George Street Playhouse and NC Stage (Curvy Widow. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Blackwhitemeet. com is a interracial single online dating club. 1000s of black men, black women, white men and white women looking to … Alex Black Quick Bio Info Babe Name: Alex Black Aliases: Unknown Date of Birth: August 27, 1987 (30 years old) Place of Birth: Unknown Country of Origin: Get Playful amp; Creative with Our Sexy Members. Dress Up amp; Connect for Some Adult Fun. Crossdresser Sex Club is a unique online matchmaking service created to help. Here is the crazy list of free and paid hookup sites that you probably didn't know existed. Visit the site to get free.
Name. During the Middle Ages, the Eritrea region was known as Medri Bahri (quot;sea-landquot;). The name Eritrea is derived from the ancient Greek name for the Red Sea. A series of excavations in Georgia has uncovered evidence of the worlds earliest winemaking, in the form of telltale traces can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks clay pottery dating back to 6. The Cool and Unusual Punishment trope as used in popular culture. There comes a time in every adventure show when the hero must face torture.
But beating and … How wealth inequality has changed in the U. since the Great Recession, by race, ethnicity and income Home 187; Dating Advice Blog 187; The Dating with Dignity Point of View 187; Online dating stories disasters and Relationships: Are Can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks Keeping Him Interested or Driving Him Away.
Get the facts from WebMD about safe sex for the prevention of HIV, AIDS, and other sexually transmitted infections. Author's note: Can you use isotopic dating for sedimentary rocks you all for the emails, comments, favorites, and votes. I appreciate your feedback. It keeps me writing. My daughter Morgan. Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. B&q hook up Philippines match making and personals service.
Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. Forget those other dating sites and meet local singles on a dinner date, a friendly group dating environment. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Setting definition, the act of a person or thing that sets. Dating attraction develop more. Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance.
Free Philippines match making and liam hemsworth miley cyrus dating history service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. Local sex personals for no strings attached sex and adult dating on backpage. Personal ads for swingers and personals for NSA casual encounters. The first and most important step in preventing divorce to a separated spouse is reconnecting.
Play as Individual Character: This feature allows you to play as an individual rather than as a team. To unlock this, all teams must have beaten both FinalA and FinalB.
"What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. [...]"
Our office staff is enjoying a vacation today through March 2. But feel free to place your order now and we'll take care of it for you on March 3.Thanks!
If you prefer, we'll be happy to ship using your UPS or FedEx account number. Just let us know by phone or in the "Comments" section on the online order form.
The item Mind your manners, B.B. Wolf, by Judy Sierra ; illustrated by J. Otto Seibold represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Dougherty County Public Library.
When B.B. Wolf, who now lives in the Villain Villa Retirement Residence, is invited to the library for a storybook tea, he is careful to follow the advice of his crocodile friend and impresses everyone with how polite he can be
Please say please! : Penguin's guide to manners, by Margery Cuyler ; illustrated by Will Hillenbrand
Data Citation of the Item Mind your manners, B.B. Wolf, by Judy Sierra ; illustrated by J. Otto Seibold
Flow Exhibition by Remi Rough & John ‘Crash’ Matos At Dorian Grey 437 East 9th St. (between 1st Ave &…
Flow Exhibition by Remi Rough & John ‘Crash’ Matos At Dorian Grey 437 East 9th St. (between 1st Ave & Avenue…
My latest novels, Enemy of Rome, fifth in the Gaius Valerius Verrens series, and The Samurai Inheritance (as James Douglas), the fourth Jamie Saintclair thriller, will be published in August
Apologies yet again for my prolonged absence from the blog, but the reason will become clear. I've been working on the final chapters of Sword of Rome, proofreading Avenger of Rome and The Isis Covenant, and preparing for their launches on August 14th in Edinburgh and August 2nd in Stirling respectively.
I was keen to complete SoR before taking my summer break, but the epic battle turned out to be even more epic than I realised and I still have a couple of key scenes to write before I can lay it down for a while and let it percolate. Not that I'll be resting. With the tight deadlines I set myself it's important that I get the ball rolling pretty soon on The Excalibur Codex, which is the next Jamie Saintclair novel. At the moment I have a wham-bam start and a satisfying ending, but a relatively vague idea of what happens in between.
With some people it takes hours and maybe weeks of deep thought to come up with an idea, but mine tend to appear in lightning flashes set off by fairly insignificant sparks.
Caligula and Claudius were spawned by a single line read by Timothy West on a CD of Simon Schama's History of Britain that went 'And the Emperor Claudius rode in triumph on an elephant and took the surrender of Britain'.
The six books that will eventually make up the Valerius series have their roots in one sentence from the Roman historian Tacitus that I read while I was researching Claudius.
I'd planned at least four Jamie Saintclair books, but the other day I stumbled on what will be a fifth: The Ionian Odyssey. I was in the area looking for a way into a new Roman novel, but stumbled on something completely different. Walking up a rocky path on a tiny Greek island we'd only found by mistake, with cicadas rattling off my hat, tiny lizards scuttling underfoot and thorns ripping my legs, I breasted a rise to be confronted by row after row of marbles crosses. The island was a lazaretto and was once populated by lepers, so of course people died there, but this was different. There were no lepers in 1948 and 1949 when these people - almost all young men in their twenties - died, often on the same day. Gradually it dawned that something even more terrible had happened on this scrubby, sun-scorched knoll. And round another corner was the incontrovertible evidence. A stretch of crumbling wall with dozens of holes punched deep into the stone and mortar: an execution site. That's when it came to me. A country torn by civil war. A man awaits his fate and vows to take his secret to the grave. A treasure hidden through an earlier conflict that contains the roots of a new one ...
My name is Doug Jackson, I live in Scotland. I've been a journalist forever and a wannabe writer for longer. My first book was published in July 2008 and I thought it might be interesting to all the other budding novelists out there to share my experiences as I counted down to the book launch and I've followed it up since then. I've just published my sixth and seventh books and I have a new contract to write another five. I suppose I can call myself a writer now?
Other social media users have suggested that Trump might have been referring to a programme on Fox News on Friday night, Tucker Carlson Tonight, in which the host spoke to documentarian Ami Horowitz about a new film about alleged violence committed by refugees in Sweden.
You know what uranium is, right? This thing called nuclear weapons like lots of things are done with uranium including some bad things.
What is slightly challenging to identify now in a nighttime picture will become all the more challenging in a few years when it ceases to exist as we know it.
Actually, that’s an idea — when I was in middle school, my church was tearing down the “coffee hour” room, and I suggested that we could draw all over the walls before they knocked it down — and they let us! Soliloquies on the library walls would be much more appropriate: public art for a reason that would be taken down soon after, possibly photographed for posterity. And then someone could do a senior thesis on the implications!
This is the download area of the openSUSE distribution and the openSUSE Build Service. If you are searching for a specific package for your distribution, we recommend to use our Software Portal instead.
If you find a bug, please report it at: https://bugzilla.opensuse.org. If you have a server with some space left: become a mirror!
Generated in 0.027 seconds in which 0.004 seconds were spent on a total of 13 queries. Zlib compression enabled.
Interested in taking photography classes in Harrison OH? No matter if you are a beginner, hobbyist, or professional, the best way to improve your photography skills is through hands-on training with skilled instructors.
There are many accredited and recognized photography schools in Ohio. Topics covered in photography classes include lighting techniques, digital capture, outdoor photography, exposure, composition, and many other basic and advanced camera techniques. Becoming an expert photographer can lead to a lifelong hobby or a prosperous professional career.
Driving distance between Roseland, LA and Gheens, LA is 123.72 miles (or 199.11 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from Roseland, LA you would reach Gheens, LA in about 2 hours 24 mins if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.
This is a map overview of the best driving route from Roseland, LA to Gheens, LA in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (Roseland) and B (Gheens) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in Roseland, LA and Gheens, LA as well as every other town you may pass by on your way.
To cover the 123.72 mi that separate Gheens from Roseland you are going to need between of fuel, considering you drive an average car (30 mpg) and , if you drive an SUV or a heavy car (20 mpg). If you drive a fuel efficient car (45 mpg), your consumption will only be .
Depending on the fuel efficiency level of your car, driving from Roseland to Gheens will cost you between and . An average car would make the trip for . We calculate the route cost using real time average gas prices for the US and other costs such as tolls are not included in this calculation.
To help you plan your trip from Roseland to Gheens, we offer a detailed map together with full, turn by turn, driving directions from Roseland, LA to Gheens, LA.
The flying distance represent the straight distance from Roseland to Gheens, the length of an hypothetical flight trip between the geographic center of Roseland, LA and the geographic center of Gheens, LA. We also offer nearby airports to both Roseland to Gheens and a flight ticket price comparison form, in case you want to make that hypothetical flight real :).
You can search the distance between Peru (PE) cities and airports using the form above. Please type first letters of the city and state or airport. Later wait for city suggestions. It will be easier for you to pick the right cities and find the right mileage between cities.
Latest Searched Country Distances: United States and Canada | Sudan and Saudi Arabia | India and Australia | Saudi Arabia and Turkey | Latvia and Slovenia |
29 best of simple business card design card gallery creating business cards, 20 best unique business cards images on pinterest unique business creating business cards, www business cards com beautiful awesome transparent business card…
business greeting cards musical happy birthday cards lovely free paw patrol birthday, enchanting greeting cards business inspiration business card ideas business greeting cards, 7 cardinal rules for life graphic art wisdom text card greeting…
single business card template free business card templates for student business card, student business card business cards qualifications format images card design and card, triplex business cards rockdesign luxury business card printing student business…
1997-2018 Dedicated to those that fought, promoted, watched, talked about, been inspired by, or just plain enjoyed the fight game.
Thanks to all who have visited, contributed research materials, and who encourge this review of professional boxing globally!
Archived newsletters from the Buffalo Veteran Boxers Association, Ring #44 (including Mission Statement), and a variety of newsworthy items of boxing past: 1998-2008.
Also coverage of the Sixth Annual Hall of Fame Dinner Banquet Buffalo Veteran Boxers Assocation, Ring #44 - held on August 9, 2002,
Stade Exchange Programme Souvenir, and Athletic Commission of the City of Montreal and article Montreal, outdoor boxing, June 10, 1947.
Tiger Jack Dempsey in Burlington, with Lawrence "Whitey" Killick, WCAX, Burlington Daily News November 28, 1945.
Golden Gloves Championships! U. S. Naval Training Center, Sampson, New York, December 1944. Photo file, Stanley Henderson
Post Pearl Harbor, Memorial Auditorium, Burlington, VT. Beaupre vs Conti, January 29, 1942. Photo file, Stanley Henderson
A variety of cards from 1928-35, including bouts at the Hawks Auditorium, sponsored by the V.F.W. Post 1332 in Bennington. Cards featured local fighters matching their skills against boxers from Vermont, New York, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Georgia, and Canada.
fought the likes of Mike Fusco, of Albany, New York, Bill Mackey, of Worchester, Massachusetts, Charlie Shea, of Athol, Massachusetts,
Thugs of Hindostan Day 3 Box Office collections: No Amitabh Bachchan or Aamir Khan could save this s
Chris Gayle, who has taken the ongoing season by a storm and been at the forefront of Punjab's success, was picked up by KXIP at the eleventh hour in the IPL players' auction. That's why Sehwag claims he "saved" the league - by buying the big-hitting Jamaican in the dying moments for his base price of Rs 2 crore after he went unsold initially.
On Thursday, against SRH, the IPL was treated to its first century, which came off the bat of none other than Gayle, who had more than a point to prove to the rest of the seven franchises. It was Gayle's sixth century in the IPL, which came off just 63 balls. He remained unbeaten on 104 to power KXIP to 193/3 at home in Mohali. They later won the match by 15 runs, which is Punjab's third win in four matches so far.
“Everyone says I have a lot to prove. I am just here to put some respect on my name," Gayle said after KXIP's win over SRH in Mohali on Thursday.
Gayle wasn't included by Punjab in the playing eleven right away as he warmed the bench for their first two matches of the season. But once in the middle with a willow, his impact became breaking news. Against CSK in his first match, the West Indian scored 63 off just 33 balls in KXIP's 197/7. Punjab then survived an MS Dhoni (79 off 44) onslaught to win by just four runs.
India News| State News| World News| Sports News| Cricket News|	Business News| Entertainment News| Technology News| Science News| Health News| Blogs| Photos| Video|
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
New Delhi: Breaking her silence over questions raised in the molestation case against her ex-boyfriend Ness Wadia, Bollywood actress Preity Zinta Wednesday said there was no ulterior motive in her police complaint and that she did not need "cheap publicity".
As the Mumbai Police continues its investigation in the molestation case, 39-year-old Preity took to Facebook to "set the record straight" in the wake of her filing the FIR against the industrialist.
The actress said she was shocked to see certain people question the motive behind her decision to go to the police.
Preity said violence and aggression against women is wrong, yet people try to point fingers at the woman who comes out with it trying to make her sound frivolous and with ulterior motive.
"Why did I report a personal matter to the police? PERSONAL MATTER? Seriously? For the record this relationship was ended by me in 2009 and I don`t ever recall having gone to the police on any personal matter irrespective of what happened then. But now it`s been 6 years since the break up so THIS IS NOT A PERSONAL MATTER (sic)," Preity said.
The actress also rubbished reports that she filed the case against Wadia for money, saying she did a commercial for the Go Air for free and also donated the money she won in `Kaun Banega Crorepati` to the Wadia Children Trust.
"... IPL was my project from the start and for the record not only did I pay for myself (5 crores) when I got into the IPL (bid) I paid for Ness too! 5 crores ! (Proof of my financial commitment in the IPL is with the BCCI.) To be fair to him he did pay me back a couple of months later (without any premium) so Hope the money theory is put to end once and for all (sic)," she said.
The actress, who on June 30 got permission of the Mumbai Police to fly abroad, clarified that contrary to reports she did not file the case for publicity. "I don`t need publicity, specially cheap publicity."
"JEALOUSY ? Life moves on, people move on and so have I, and Happily so. I firmly believe and live by the principle that The Windscreen is always larger than the rear view mirror," she added.
There were reports that the altercation occured as Wadia`s mother was left standing while Zinta`s people occupied the VIP seats but Preity denied it.
"50 seats and a VIP air-conditioned box (35 seater) was there, yet me and my friends sitting on 6 seats becomes an issue? All through the IPL, I have given ALMOST ALL my seats to the players families so taking over seats at all games is a completely wrong accusation and disrespecting anyone`s mother is OUT OF THE QUESTION as I might forget my name but never my manners (sic)," she said.
"Why did I file a FIR with the police? Because after several warnings over the years I WAS LEFT WITH NO OTHER OPTION... The whole point of this is that violent physical or aggressive behaviour should not be tolerated by rich or poor, man or woman, celebrity or not!"
On reports that underworld don Ravi Pujari sent threatening messages to Wadia`s father Nusli, Preity said she was "clueless".
Preity also blamed Wadia`s mother for not correcting him and herself for not walking out of the relationship earlier.
On June 12, Preity had accused Wadia of molesting, abusing and threatening her during an IPL match between Kings XI Punjab and Chennai Super Kings at the Wankhede Stadium on May 30. Preity is the co-owner of Kings XI team.
Marine Drive Police had registered an FIR against Wadia under IPC Sections 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman).
* Shape up your shoes: Shoes tend to get worn out easily. Get the sole replaced and make them shine.
* Buy a good quality coat: A jacket is the first thing people see, so spend money on a good one. As all eyes will be on your coat, people will not even bother to know what’s underneath.
be mentally retarded or have a low conscious level.At present, we are trying to do our level best to get her out of
Meteor Crater was created about thousands of years ago by a meteorite impact. It is located near Winslow in the desert of northern Arizona. It is named “Meteor Crater” after the nearby post office, Meteor. The site used to be known as Diablo Canyon Crater, but the scientists call it Barringer Crater after Daniel Barringer, the one who first suggested that Meteor Crater was made by a meteorite impact.
At present, the crater is privately owned and maintained by the Barringer family through their Barringer Crater Company.
It is claimed as the “first proven and best preserved meteorite crater” here on Earth. It is now one of the most popular tourist attractions in Arizona and the United States. It can be reached via exit 233 or Meteor Crater Road off Interstate-40. There is an entrance fee to see the crater. A visitor center is on the northern rim of the crater, which is operated by the Meteor Crater Enterprises. They provide displays for visitors about the space program, a gift shop, and a small museum.
There is also a video for the visitors to watch about meteorite impacts. But of course the major attraction is to see the spectacular crater itself. It is very big that a football game can be played with more than 2 million fans watching.
Until now, the crater has been a focus of continuous scientific research. In the 1960s, NASA used it as a training ground for their astronauts for their mission to the moon. The Meteor Crater is recognized as a significant geological site. In November 1967, it was designated as a National Natural Landmark. However, it is not protected by the state as a national monument because this status requires federal ownership. The private owner provides people to patrol the area in uniforms resembling those in the National Park Service.
I'm glad that it is possible to receive answers for all my questions, because I need to be sure about any details before order something. Support service is very responsive, so I'm satisfied.
I received my orders on time and with no damages. Trustful and reliable pharmacy with good customer support.Thanks. I will recommend to others and be ordering again when needed.
The appearance of your parcel will be confidential. There will not be any information of the contents on the outside of the package.
Methylcobalamin is a form of Vitamin B12 applied in the treatment of peripheral neuropathy, neuralgia, diabetic... more
EP9633C is a Display Port (DP) 1.2 to HDMI 2.0 Converter which accepts DP 1.2 inputs and converts the video/audio streams to HDMI 1.4/2.0 output. The DP input port supports 1/2/4-lane DP receiving up-to 5.4 Ghz bit rate. The HDMI output port supports HDMI 1.4 up-to 3 Ghz bit rate and HDMI 2.0 up-to 6 Ghz bit rate. In DP RX Port, both HDCP 1.4 and HDCP 2.2 decryption is supported. In HDMI TX Port, both HDCP 1.4 and HDCP 2.2 encryption are supported. The chip is compliant with Display Port 1.2a, HDCP 1.4, HDCP 2.2 and HDMI 2.0 specifications. The chip supports 24-bit video up-to 4K2K 60 Hz frame rate. EP9633C is integrated with an on-chip eFlash MCU with pre-programmed firmware driver for HDCP 1.4/2.2 and HDMI 1.4/2.0 control. Software development effort can be greatly reduced.
"I leave to my mullatto slave Nanny $25 and a bed on which I commonly lye; Also my black gown and liberty to live with such of my daughters as she may choose..."
Court - Court records can provide unexpected information about civil suits, foreclosures, tax delinquencies and other legal issues.
Probate - Probate (or surrogate) records can provide detailed information about wills, guardianships, adoptions and changes of name. Wills not only convey insights about a person's possessions, whereabouts and standard of living, but also about their family and friends.
I recently sat in on an EQAFE recording where a being was discussing why lifetime after lifetime did they never change. Here is the description:…
The testimonials represented here give you an authentic impression of 10 years of practical experience with more than 10'000 installed GIE® Devices and approximately 50,000 users.
Due to the various simultaneous effects of GIE® Water, we are unable to classify all the testimonials decisively.
Table type- This series of machine body casting is installed with precise-type servo motor. Structural appearance is model C table type.
The green room is a staging area near the draft podium where players, families and associates await NBA commissioner Adam Silver to call their names upon selection.
Thanks to winning Game 4 of the ACB Finals on Tuesday night, Doncic will be at the 2018 NBA Draft on Thursday night and for some Americans, it will be their first real look at the Slovenian point-forward.
Clark has drawn serious interest from a number of teams, including the Minnesota Timberwolves and Indiana Pacers, and was invited to last-minute workouts with the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets.
The 19-year-old joins a select group of other top-projected draft picks in Arizona's Deandre Ayton, DUke's Marvin Bagley III, and Texas' Zhaire Smith that have chosen to ink a deal with the Puma.
If the Kings indeed selected Bagley at #2, the Hawks could possibly pull the best prospect in this draft 3 overall - an incredible achievement that would immediately help to upgrade a roster that finished last in the Eastern Conference in 2017-18.
The NBA Draft isn't too far away now, in fact, it takes place on June 21 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York.
According to Adrian Wojnarowski of ESPN, the Atlanta Hawks are leaning toward taking Doncic with the third overall pick of the draft later this week. After my rookie season, I will see who made a mistake. They also have talented young players such as Terry Rozier to use in an attempt to move up.
I'd like to see some rotation in order to give some World Cup experience to other players in this young squad. "He sent a lot of love hearts and said "Come on England"," said Kane .
Vohra issued the Proclamation to impose Governor's Rule in the State under section 92 of the Constitution of Jammu and Kashmir today.
Cristiano Ronaldo has become the second leading global goalscorer of all time after finding the back of the net against Morocco . However, they failed to complete each of those opportunities and that is where Portugal got there job done early in the game.
Kensington Palace recently announced that Harry and Meghan's first official foreign trip as a couple would be to Dublin in July. Meghan wore a black and white Philip Treacy fascinator , which shaded the top of her face, and carried a black clutch bag.
Fact Check: There is no law that requires families at the border to be separated. "I think it is a awful law", Rep. The new figures tally people who tried to enter the USA between official border crossings.
The stomach-churning incident left residents of the remote village in Southeast Sulawesi, Indonesia, terrified for their lives. A 14.85 meter-long (49 feet) reticulated python curls in a box in Curugsewu, Central Java, Indonesia, Sunday, Dec. 28, 2003.
Now there are nine states, including Washington DC, where it is legal for adult use. Each province in Canada is coming up with rules for the sale of recreational pot.
Even if something did pass the House, Democrats in the Senate will nearly certainly block anything that cuts legal immigration. Later Thursday, the White House vehemently defended its policy, even insisting that enforcing the law is "very biblical".
That led the US -based Epilepsy Foundation to call on Disney to post warnings about the flashing lights. She states that she "is not calling for a boycott of Incredibles 2 , or to change the movie".
Kawhi Leonard was once loved in San Antonio , but he's beginning to become more of an enemy than a friend. If the Spurs trade Leonard , they should take the best offer they get - no matter who makes it.
If we are to go by the early estimates, Race 3 has collected over Rs 15 crore gross in other global markets in the first weekend. Daisy Shah's dialogue of 'Our Business is Our Business.' was trending much before the movie's release, for all its jokes, again.
Kalinic, 30, who was starting his fourth successive worldwide on the bench, claimed he had a back injury before telling Dalic he was unable to play.
We were able to control the match at the very end but if you have the opponent with the ball in your box, that's always risky ". On Wednesday, Saudi Arabia face Uruguay in the second game of the group stage.
Once 21CF determines the new date for 21CF's special meeting of stockholders, the date will be communicated to 21CF stockholders. This stake now stands at 39.1% but Fox is seeking to take full control of the business prior to selling it on to Disney .
We see states that are turning inward, trying to find national solutions to problems that require European solutions. German Interior Minister Horst Seehofer, left, talks to Chancellor Angela Merkel in parliament.
The Daily Express featured the British flag as its front page with the headline: "Ignore the will of the people at your peril". Of the 15 amendments introduced by the Lords to the bill, the government's main opposition, the Labour Party is backing 14.
After a week stranded in the Mediterranean, hundreds of migrants rejected by Italy and Malta are about to be welcomed by Spain. It will arrive close to the island of Lampedusa on Sunday morning where an Italian coast guard vessel will take the migrants.
The Dow Jones industrials are down 291 points, or 1.2 percent, to 24,697, after dropping more than 400 points in morning trading. Mr Trump recently ordered tariffs on 50 billion dollars in Chinese goods in retaliation for intellectual properly theft.
Messi may have the edge historically, but Ronaldo still has time to catch up as both players go for their first World Cup Trophy. This tournament is a chance for Suarez to play controversy-free soccer at this year's World Cup .
Mexican officials say sensors detected an natural disaster in Mexico City on Sunday morning, and they suggested on Twitter that excited soccer fans may have caused it.
The proof is in audio clips of his narration of the moment when Lozano placed a flawless kick to secure Mexico's early lead. Thousands of football fans had gathered in the capital to watch Mexico's surprise 1-0 win over World Cup holders Germany .
You can find more information about YouTube Premium right here, and check out the new YouTube Music web player right here . Both packages are available as a family plan for up to six people at a total cost of either £14.99 or £17.99 per month.
With Iceland having held Argentina to a 1-1 draw earlier on Saturday, Croatia took full advantage to move top of the group. They both played well, firm and reliable with no mistakes. "Messi was their only outlet".
At an earlier event Monday, Nielsen said the White House would not apologize for the policy. Nielsen stressed that families seeking asylum at border entries are not breaking the law.
It does this, as you've probably guessed, using the iPhone's readily-available data connection to the internet. Apple maintains that its users' location data will remain private, even when it's shared with authorities.
Today, Belgium take on World Cup debutants Panama , whilst England get their tournament away against Tunisia in Volgograd. The World Cup has got off to a great start, with some very unpredictable results coming our way in Russian Federation .
She said the man entered the Walmart, fired shots at a display case and then went into the parking lot. One of the victims, a man, was airlifted to a hospital, according to a police spokeswoman, Laura Wohl.
sexy male collection- sometimes no fit body, no lovely face, but what makes him sexy ? his underwear?
Decorex International defines design; a uniquely British experience, internationally renowned for being the paramount event to discover the very best in luxury design.
The penis shaped head provides a more realistic feeling. This toy is 12" long (7" insertable). The head is just over 1" thick (3.75 around) and the shaft tapers from just under 1" thick (3.25" around) under the head to 1.25" thick (4" around) at the bottom.
The cautious optimism expressed by students and administrators last week about plans for a new graduate dormitory has degenerated into frustration and confusion after senior administrators first threatened to cancel the project, substantially shortened the timeline and scope for community input, then reversed themselves and reinstated the original timeline, all over the space of three days.
Andrew T. Lukmann ’07 and Ruth F. Miller ’07 will be the next Undergraduate Association President and Vice President,
MIT is considering renovations that would bring a dining hall to the Macgregor dormitory for the first time in over a decade.
Dance Review: Boston Ballet Delivers Energetic Performance of Love StoryInane Plot of ‘La Fille mal gard e’ Balanced by Skilled Dancing and Acting
Senior Orji Continues Reign in Shot Put And Weight Throw Events Takes Third National Title at Championship
Ron Paul spoke at the College of Charleston as a part of their “Bully Pulpit Series,” a non-partisan series which invites presidential candidates to speak with students and faculty on the College of Charleston campus and Charleston community members.
Newt Gingrich ‘Social Security’ Speech at Georgetown University – Washington, DC – March 28 2012 March 28, 2012
Lesser-Known Democratic Candidates Presidential Forum In New Hampshire – December 19 2011 December 19, 2011
Trump stood nearly silent for several minutes at his rally in Missouri while medics treated a supporter who collapsed November 6, 2018
If you want to criticise something, you may do it here, but respectfully! Praise is welcome as well!
Please note that the exchange or the sell between players of tickets are not supported by the Tagoria Team !
I hope you all had a wonderful Christmas, I know I did, took me a few days to find my craft room, I think my mojo went into relaxation only mode.
Now I was in a swing of bottles a little while ago, and had said I had lost one, well the one I lost was the first one I made, which was made in Red and White and for this challenge so finally I found the lost one.
Here is my design team inspirational piece, but don't forget to hop on over to the challenge site to see what other gorgeous pieces have been created.
Also don't forget tomorrow is the end date for those of you who are interested in being a member of the Design Team so don't miss the opportunity.
This bottle cover is using the tutorial I recently posted, so if you use the link in the header bar, you will be able to create your own should you wish too. The flowers on this one are from Prima as are the little red baubles and leaves, that come in the tin. The brads are from the Hobby House and the Bells from the local department store. Gold ribbon from stash.
As I may not be posting again till next weekend, I would like to take this opportunity to wish you all
I hope that you have all had a wonderful Christmas, received lots of lovely gifts and had some of that fabulous R & R.
Today Matt has gone fishing, well it is very mild for this time of the year, so I got to spend my day in the craft room, I have done quite a few challenge DT cards, several boxes for cards previously made and complete the first layout for the scrap book that I am making for April's new baby Oliver.
The papers are from Grimsby Crafts, the pearl flourishes including their own lace is again from Grimsby Crafts as is the lace. The ribbon I won, the flowers are in the main from Wild Orchid. The charms from several locations, the little pearl heart from Grimsby Crafts, the little ABC blocks, ducks, and Baby Boy from stash and the lettering for Oliver is also Grimsby Crafts. Thread from stash and I used some Tim Holtz crackle antique linen and brushed this with shattered glass on the lettering. The tag is hand made not sure where the sentiment came from but the other one in the kit has had it and ripped as I tried to use it :( and the matching little bow is from Papermania.
I would like to thank all of my wonderful visitors who take the time to leave such wonderful comments, allowing me to hop back over to visit you all too.
this challenge will run for two weeks and was chosen by the very talented Wendy aka The Boss, she has chosen the theme of
Here is what I chose to do for my design team inspirational piece, but please don't forget to hop on over to the challenge site for some more amazing inspirational pieces from the rest of the team.
A Birthday Card, the base layer and contrast is a navy blue textured card, with the Papermania Capsule papers in the yellow. The image is of course one of my favourite House Mouse ones. The ribbon has been criss crossed over the card with a little lemon flower on the junction. An MS punch has been used and some little lemon pearls from the Hobby House. The sentiment is from Grimsby Crafts.
This little creation was the Christmas Card (hopefully my last Christmas Card post of 2011) for the ladies at the Cutting Crew in New Waltham Grimsby and for Angela their boss, who without fail makes me look fabulous every time I go in for a make over
The base layer is that fabulous mirror gold card and the contrast is the same. The papers are Dovecraft a 12 x 12 stack called Noel. The image of course is a Penny Black and the sentiment added to the image plate is by Personal Impression and available at Grimsby Crafts. The ribbon was a gift in my last order from Wild Orchid and the little pearls/gems and the antique pretty snowflake charm are from the Hobby House. The edge punch is the MS holly.Gold gel pen used for dots and then over glittered with a clear gel sakuro pen.
Thank you as always to all my wonderful visitors who take the time to leave such inspirational comments, love them all.
You do not need to have previous experience of DT membership, just be enthusiastic and a regular blogger. We have 2 teams so your commitment would be to produce something once a fortnight, comment weekly on 1 in 10 entries, host the challenge every 10 weeks and be part of the rota for choosing the winners. The DT Co-ordinators are responsible for dealing with the sponsors.
Posting this after popping into work, popping into Grimsby Crafts and having a lovely coffee with a dear friend and her lovely little bundle. Then watched an old movie, don't you just love doing that and then thought I better post this.
I made this Sunday evening after a snooze from the large roast dinner, it was really relaxing making it too and I like the overall effect.
I would like to thank all of my wonderful visitors and followers for their lovely comments on my creations, without them blog land would be such a bland place to be :)
Later on today, I get to go for my Christmas make over at the hairdressers across the road, I will feel like a new woman again :)
This card, is another that the dearest husband Matt, decided on Friday he needed to send............I tell you, next year I will make 10 cards just for him and his short notice requirements.
The base colour and compliment is again gold, the papers so sorry I really need to start writing these down as I make the cards " New Years Resolution" promise. The MS holly edge punch has been used to create a base for the lovely ribbon, which is lightly wired enabling this bow to stand proud, and the ends actually go where I want them too.
The close up of the Penny Black image coloured in copics with a little gold gel pen and clear glitter sakuro pen for the extra glitter.
and a close up of these little bells from the local department store, strung together with some fine gold wire. Just had to so they matched the image, if you look carefully you can see me taking the photograph lol x
A quick thank you to all my wonderful visitors who take the time to leave such lovely comments, I love hopping over to visit you back and also welcome to my new follower
My 700 candy will be posted in January, lots of sales on so hope to get some fabulous bargains for the candy
Matt came home from work on Friday with a request for two Wife's Christmas Cards, can you imagine, here I am totally organised all cards written, all the shopping done bar last midnight shop for last perishables
Yep, did the Morrison's shop yesterday a good two hours meandering around. Got my planned Christmas hug with the dearest Janet and received some fabulous customer service on her counter, would expect nothing less mind :) she is the best. Matt got out of butterflying the leg of lamb on Christmas Day, as the lovely butcher man did this for him and I got some lovely cheeses.
The freezer is now full to capacity as is the fridge, finding today's roast and vegetables was a feat in itself, but it is now smelling absolutely gorgeous.
I have cleaned the kitchen and rearranged so that the posh coffee machine is accessible and we have already had two filters, might have to stretch to an expresso later, as after get this - I cleaned my Beach Hut, for those of you that don't know this is my craft room. The dear husband oh so wanted to take a photo of me, so he could blog it for you.............................don't think so.
So here are the two cards I made after sitting and colouring the images last night whilst watching the Strictly final, yay for Harry!!!!! wasn't he good. A Double for McFly.
An untraditional Christmas colour the base layers is gold mirror card as is the contrast, the MS snowflake edge punch has been used and some ribbon threaded lace ribbon and a few little gold pearls
The sentiment is a WOJ and the image is by Gillian Roberts called Eskimo Kisses by Mo Manning, the image has been coloured with copics and some spun glass added to the ground for the snow, the glitter dots for falling snow and the liquid appliqué for the fluffy ruffles.
I would like to thank all my wonderful visitors for the lovely comments they leave, allowing me to hop back to visit you all.
and what a fabulous start to my three weeks holiday, oh all right I have to go into work on Tuesday for an hour but other than that I am done for Christmas, Whoop Whoop!!!! don't you just love it :)
Any way enough of me getting excited for Christmas or the break not sure which now........................
Now I was lucky enough a little while back to win some LOTV stamps, and I could not resist some of their new images, so here is me using one of my winning images
The base layer and contrast is a pale pink pearlescent card and the papers are Prima I believe, from the Hobby House. The 2nd to smallest Grand Oval/Scallop Oval nestie has been used for the image plate border and the image plate. Behind the image plate border is some oh so sweet lace from Grimsby Crafts, (cannot use this enough) The ribbon and bow is from the Hobby House as are the pearls. The large bling charm is from the Lidl wrapping ribbon reels that I got. The flowers are Wild Orchid airbrushed in R85. The image plate has also been airbrushed in the same colour. I place a mask over the image to protect it.
Here is a close up of the image coloured in copics, with a little clear glitter sakuro pen for added glitz.
I would like to say thank you to all my wonderful visitors for their fabulous comments, love you all, making blog land a lovely place to be, THANK YOU
Just going to link these up and then off to do the Christmas shop at Morrison's - yoohoo!!!! Janet you better be ready for us :)
now and again you just got to shout and today I am SHOUTING!!!!!! Totally thrilled to bits as I have been published in the 2nd Edition of the Copicendium and this time I have three pages to my little creation.
Now if you want some copic inspiration in all shapes and sizes this is a fabulous publication, hop over to the Mad 4 Markers store here to get your copy, there are some amazing pieces within the covers.
Well that is me done with shouting today, and as I am now off for three whole weeks, I need to get down to some serious crafting. Cannot wait to show you one of my early Christmas presents :)
First of all I apologise for being MIA over the last couple of days, had my annual trip to the GA ward, but back to normal again now.
This is my second post of today, please scroll down for my Emerald Faerie Garden Design Team Creation.
Now this could be a non Christmas image for a Christmas card or a Christmas image for a non Christmas card - hope you understood that bit, but if you hop over to the Challenge site you can see all of the amazing eye candy from the Design Team to inspire you further.
Here is what I created using two Christmas stamps one being the lovely Tilda and the other being a fir tree stamp.
The base colour is cream with some gorgeous papers from the Hobby House creating a lovely pink and lime green contrast. The lovely ribbon is from the Hobby House as are the little pearls. The lace is from Grimsby Crafts as is the punch. I have added a little charm and a doily all slightly airbrushed with the YG25. Flowers are in the main from Wild Orchid which have also been airbrushed with R83
The image has been coloured with copics, and here is another close up of the pretty flowers with just a hint of glitter on them (stickles)
I would like to say thank you to all my amazing visitors, who take the time to leave some fabulous comments, without you blog land would not be the same.
The base card is white with the black complimenting colour and some of those gorgeous Papermania Capsule Collection mono papers. The sentiments on the front and the easel return are by My Sentiments Exactly and one is sat on a nellie die and the other a nestie die. I have used some cheesecloth under the image to soften the card and if you look really closely I have use the MS heart punch to create a pretty doily effect around the large hearts of the easel. Marianne heart dies, nestie flourishes and Marianne swirls along with lots of Wild Orchid flowers all airbrushed to match.
Here is the left side of the card and the left side of the top of the box, where I have added some liquid pearls to the top heart and flowers and ribbon to the box.
This is the right hand side of the card with the floral array and those Marianne flourishes with swirls, you can also just see the little hearts all the way around the card edges.
Hope you will all hop on over to the challenge site and see the rest of the gorgeous eye candy created for you by the amazing design team
I would like to take a moment to thank all my wonderful visitors for their fabulous comments, with out you all blog land would not be the great place it is.
I mentioned a little while ago that I had given my boss a musical mug for a Xmas treat, and that I had made a box for this to sit in.
Here is the little number that I created, nothing too exciting and I apologise for the dark photo too, was heaving it down outside so the natural light was not too good, thank heavens for my day light lamp
I used some parcel fancy ribbons from Lidl's to decorate the box along with some vintage papers and a nestie tag and little verse from Grimsby Crafts
Just wanted to also say thank you for the wonderful comments that all my fabulous visitors leave, I love them all THANK YOU!!!
When gluing a box together if you use the old style wooden pegs, you can get on with other things, also the talc powder on the tan embossing matt prevents papers sticking to them through the grand calliber and also the talc helps the dies come out of Marianne dies on the older style dies without the push out holes.
Blimey wasn't it cold and thick ice this morning, even Star did not want to go out the door for her morning toileting.
Well hoping that this will warm you up where ever you are, here is another little something that I coloured up the other evening
I used the largest of the grand ovals the plain and scallop one, base colour a gorgeous purple with the lovely deep pink to contrast. Little pearls from the Hobby House and flowers in the main from Wild Orchid and the local Department Store. Marianne dies for the fronds also in the gorgeous purple. The little calendar from Grimsby Crafts.
Hope you like it, and would just like to say thank you to all my wonderful visitors for your lovely comments that always make my day :)
Just wanted to let you all know that I have finished all the bottles and also made a little box for the new boss, did not think he would want wine, so bought him an annoying musical Xmas Mug, it was ace. All of the ladies loved their little thank you's, was the best team meeting, lots of fun, laughter and sweets.
Here are all the finished bottles and the little box will follow shortly by the way - lost one photo on the way not sure where it went too?? Think it is for a DT piece
For those of you who sent mails re larger versions, in the future I will look at the template for the full size bottle however here is a wedding set that I made earlier in the year that are individual creations to wet your appetite's
By submitting a comment you grant Dow photography | Doha Qatar a perpetual license to reproduce your words and name/web site in attribution. Inappropriate and irrelevant comments will be removed at an admin’s discretion. Your email is used for verification purposes only, it will never be shared.
If you have a question for Andrey, post them here. Please be aware that due to the language barrier, time zones, schedule, etc., Andrey may not be able to answer all your questions in a timely fashion. Answers will be provided through a translator. Thank you for your patience.
I wish to squat with a closer grip for upper back tightness, what mobility would you recommend to achieve this? also how much mobility do you do in general? thank you
As for closer grip... Why do you need it? I think it is better to find your own posture, don't copy somebody's else position or technique, but find yours and try to improve it!
If you still want to change your grip position to closer, do it very slowly from training to training! And do general mobility workouts and don't neglect warm ups!
What is your favorite rep range for working sets on the main lifts. And how many working sets do you prefer?
Just have one for you right now - what would you say is your favorite accessory lift for building the sumo deadlift? Thank you!
My next venture is to squat 800lbs, currently at 733lbs in a meet actually think I may of had another 10lbs to squeeze out. I admire the way you squat in regards to having "some left in the tank" what I could I do to increase my squat gains, or should I continue with what I'm doing and let it run its course.
"The worst thing someone can do is tell me that I can't do something, when I put my mind to it you can bet your a** that I will do it" - Stone Cold
What would you consider the best advice for building strength as a teenager? Also what would benefit strength in the three lifts over time?
Hey, what kind of squat variations do you think a newer lifters who is looking to build squat muscles should do?
In the beginning I can do 10/8/5 reps, the more weight on the barbel (and the closer to the meet), the less reps I have. But I never do less than 3 reps.
Well, firstly you should work hard about your mobility and then performs a lot of sumo DL from the higher position ( i don't know how to say it in english but i mean you are standing on 2-3 plates and the barbell on the floor so you perform the movement standing not on the floor)
Continue with what I'm doing and let it run its course - increasing strength is very slow and hard process and there should a strict and very serious program which help you to increase strength. try to find a trainer who will help you with it. or write me directly on my personal email andrey.malanichev@yandex.ru
the best advice is to find a good trainer who could develop a good strength programm according to your abilities and goals! right now i opened my online training course so feel free to contact me via andrey.malanichev@yandex.ru
I thought this would be entertaining lol. Lets here what the worst advice you have been giving during contest prep. Maybe this is something you even implemented and disaster stuck. I think peak weak is where we will hear the craziest protocols.
I've been lucky to have good guidance and even things I tried were from reputable sources. However, I had my run in with some crazy advice prepping for my second show. I ran into a guy at the gym and he claimed he was a "natural" pro and had his masters in nutrition....hmm maybe he understands the body. Let me tell you you can have education and had competed and looked good but it doesn't mean you are doing it optimally. This guy told me for a Saturday show increase water to 3 gallons Monday, 2 gallons Tuesday, 1 Gallon Wednesday, then Thursday and Friday drink ZERO water. I had to clarify and he repeated absolutely zero water. He told me how dry he got and that he lost 20lbs. This was the most ignorant thing I ever heard. I've you are stage ready lean for most of my clients and myself I never cut water. Dehydrating yourself for 2 days is dangerous, but it would leave you looking extremely flat. Glad I can think for myself cause man that would have sucked lol.
luckily i didn't get any crazy advices during my dieting phases but some top pro (young guy) got advice from that he should drink distilled water and he acutally considered doing that. He would F*** up last days of his prep ..fortunate enough he checked that advice
- Make the diet shorter so its less harmful on your metabolism (while true to an extent) most people can't get in stage condition or shape in 12-16 weeks. They need much longer time because they do not realize how out of shape they are
- Cut water and sodium (Water and sodium help drive nutrients into your muscles and keep your body full... If you cut both you see a lot of people look flat and can not get a pump.. water sodium and carbs help drive the body to help give you a vascular look and pump)
*** I see so many competitors who try to suck down to a weightclass when in reality they are fighting their own body, losing muscle, and losing fullness. Bodybuilding is about looking your best. All divisions are about looking your best. When you sacrifice muscle and try to limit your body to next to nothing at the end of a prep it may backfire and make you look flat. Sometimes looking your best and coming in lighter to a weightclass will give you a BETTER package on stage.
I think you are right about sucking down to make weight. You might not be the biggest in the class above, but being the biggest does make you a winner
Never tried Lasix, I know some very reputable people that have got it to work. But most of the time I hear nightmares from it.
Everyone will completely agree but sometimes people strive to get into certain weight classes as well because they know who they will look best next to as well.
Well... I have a friend (seriously), he also won the German Nationals overall, who knew exactly how to make it work for his own body. It´s probably one of the strongest diuretics and you have to be really dead on with timing and dosage.
Yes. Sometimes it´s all about strategy. In some cases, even if that means you´re going to look a little flat, being the biggest guy in the Heavies might be better than being the smallest in the Super Heavies, for example.
Some people who try to suck down into those classes sometimes lose their best look. That is the only downfall. Now if they can win by doing so, kudos to them, but sometimes it backfires.
This is going to be good but where do I begin. When I first started competing there really wasn't any coaches so it was just reading on the net and trial and error. However, you did end up getting guys giving other guys advice backstage. I heard seen: Carbing up on a loaf of bread and muscle milk, pumping up legs back stage doing body weight squats, cutting out water on wed before the show with sauna on Friday and no sodium, ect. I could go on about many other things as well. The best is when you hear coaches laying out a whole 12 week prep diet. HAHAH
Yup like me! At nationals I lost 16 lbs in 30 hours to make weight at 198. Then filled back up to 205 and won the light heavy.
that was one of my favorite video stories!!! in case you guys have never seen or heard it... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaMYbS7Hw-w
“I realized early on that success was tied to not giving up. Most people in this business gave up and went on to other things. If you simply didn’t give up, you would outlast the people who came in on the bus with you.”
Sometimes I think these comps have no idea how powerful these drugs are. They think it is like just taking another few advil or something
I found a post over at https://opendiyer.com/where-to-get-cheap-one-off-pcbs/ which seems to be somebody's new blog, which has a list of options on. Could maybe get him to update that list with the ones off this thread?
if your pcb size is not more than 100mmx100mm and max 2 layered they made it only for 2$ in 2 days and shipping takes max 5 days (shipping available to most country)
That radio receiver has a variable gain feature which causes it to turn up the gain as the transmitter gets further and further away. If the transmitter gets "infinitely" far away, as in, is OFF, the gain goes to max and it interprets just about anything as a 0 or 1, hence it starts to generate random data, literally hallucinating.
There is virtually nothing you can about that. The transmitter program is probably sending an inital prefix code over and over a number of times, knowing that the first few times will get trashed, but eventually, the radio receiver will lower its gain (now that a real signal is coming in) and eventually it get the code. In other words, the transmitting program sends about 10 bytes of some known code, say "37" hex, doesn't much matter what, and the receiving program looks for a 37, ignores all incoming data until it gets a few 37's, then the next non-37 is the true first byte of the data. Other ways to do it, but that is the gist.
So, in your case, find some valid data and then look back at what proceeds it always, that is the radio "wakeup code".
The best way to try and figure out what the data protocol is , is to look at the data stream in the Transmitter,
You can then look for data which is common, ie never changes, and data which changes when the Sensor is heated or cooled.
Looking for help with a boss or dungeon? Want to offer your own experiences? Looking for feedback on a possible character template?
If you are interested in helping to host a Hell Unleashed server to support more players and stability. Please let us know.
We have had several days of fun dives and snorkel trips for service men of the USS Farragut during their 4 day visit to the island .
Two hard working sailors also managed to complete their PADI Openwater certification following the PADI e- learning on line training program in just 2 days. The on line training allows students to complete ALL theory training on their personal computer and has a lifetimes access to a virtual manual of their course . So far PADI have Openwater , Advanced Openwater and Enriched Air NITROX availabe on line . To select this training option just open our web site and click on the PADI e- learning link ......its so easy to learn!!
All who visited with us had never been to Seychelles before but it seems all are keen to return...................so we look forward to the next visit!
Christina has joined us from Finland for 2 months to get lots of Dive Resort experience as a Divemaster .
This was her first views from the UNDERWATER CENTRE beach fronted resort at the Berjaya Beau Vallon Bay Hotel.
She was very impressed with the long white sandy beach of Beau Vallon Bay , the blue seas and sky and the easy acces to the dive boats and Dive Resort . Lots of photos already taken for friends and family !! . Standing on the beach and looking to the right one can see it is only a few minutes walk to the Augerine Guest House and the Coral Strand Hotel
The weather at the end of March is beautiful...........calm , clear seas, blue skys and magnificent views. We even had a Seychelles traditional fishing perogue go by ..............a boat and fishing techniques mostly unchanged since the first settelers to Seychelles
We just love being asked to give talks and photo presentations to young kids and today had us talking to a group of 3 to 6 year old youngsters from a local pre school .
We had over 30 photos to look at and underwater creatures to name....... just see how intensly the kids are paying attention. But it's not all work and there was lots of fun taking the group photo plus playing with the toys and, of course, sweets that followed.
A 20 minute boat ride along the coastal waterway from the Underwater Centre will bring you to this large protected bay surrounded by granitic rocks and palm trees. The water is calm and current free and is ideal for snorkelling and diving excursions .
The reef is edged with white sand and student divers can safely stay in the shallow sloping coral section of 6 to 10 meters before dropping down the ''wall '' of coral to 18 meters were they may meet the other certified divers There is always lots to see as soon as you get into the water ....you are surrounded immediately by sargeant majors and pygmy batfish soon to be followed by the large batfish !! This is a Marine Park protected area and home to several hawksbill and green turtles . How do you tell the difference.......??? just look at the shape of the beak. Long and very pointed is the Hawksbill ( just like the parrot) round and smooth edged is the Green.
Trips here are scheduled on a regular basis so just ask at the Dive Centre reception desk when you come to visit us
Healthy corals are seen everywere with small green chromis darting in and out , bat fish follow you around for most of the dive and you have to look twice at the needle fish which are always there. Its such a great dive you have to come see it for yourself!
The kids at the International School have been working hard and all have now completed courses for DISCOVER SNORKELING ( 8 - 10 year olds) and JR OPENWATER DIVER ( 10-11 year olds) .
Owner and managing director of Underwater Centre, Dr David Rowat is Welsh born so when we also get a Divemaster from Wales we just had to show the flag!!
Sally was presented with the national vegetable '' the leek'' which took her by surprise as this is tropical Seychelles. Sally leaves us this week so its Bon Voyage and Bon Plongee.
Happy to say that the weekend saw 3 more PADI Rescue Divers qualify with flying colours! To start the course you need to be a PADI Advanced Openwater Diver with EFR certification or equivalent other agency ratings. Then its 2 or 3 days of search and recovery techniques , dealing with distressed and paniced divers and exiting with unresponsive divers to the beach or boat
Once you have this certification there are many options to take next..........you can move on to proffessional level DIVEMASTER training, .....take Specialty courses and become a MASTER SCUBA DIVER. There is so much to see and do!!
Its another hard day at the office.......7 new Instrictors taking Specialty training courses and they are starting with presenting NITROX , DEEP, WRECK and NIGHT
Good luck guys as off you go to 40 meters using Nitrox 28% on the Seychelles latest wreck ALBADRAN .
The 27th and 28th February were two very intense days of examinations from PADI Examiner Richard Somerset. He took them through all theory exams , classroom presentations, confined water presentations, openwater diver skills and Rescue Diver performances.....and all 16 passed. Spirits were high and celebrations began immediately.
We were pleases to be joined by 6 candidates form the different islands of Praslin and Silhouette and to have all Course Directors, IDC Staff Instructor and examiner group together for the final photo .
exterior house washing pressure feature brush solution clean toowoomba,exterior house washing toowoomba brush solution wash,exterior house washing brush near me products low pressure the group,exterior house washing services brush products outside cleaning pressure homes ace painting,exterior house pressure washing cost companies products cleaning can be done by variety of methods window,exterior house washing products state window cleaning call now for solution pressure cost,house washing power the woodlands exterior equipment services cost,exterior house pressure washing cost how to wash a clean siding vinyl wood stucco products near me,power washing exterior house equipment pressure cost companies,pressure wash your home exterior house clean toowoomba washing companies brush.
Форум многодетных родителей » Земля многодетным семьям - вопросы и ответы » Земля многодетным семьям бесплатно » Камчатка и бесплатные участки.
Desk Accessories : Gifts for Educators!, Education-themed gifts for teachers, students, school personnel, family and friends; including awards, bells, school bells, teacher bells, ribbons and much more.
Definitely a useful desk accessory; the green-toned marble base holds a durable clip for placing messages or reminders. Measures 5-1/2" H x...
Complete your desk accessories with any or all of these exquisite marble pieces. Pencil holder measures 2-1/2" x 4-1/4". The paperweight...
Nature lovers and sports minded people will enjoy these nostalgic useful desk items. Storage box is 3-1/4"H x 6"L x 4"W. Letter opener sold...
Nature lovers and sports minded people will enjoy these nostalgic useful desk items. Letter opener is 7-1/4"L. Mallard storage box sold separately.
The detailed craftsmanship of this pewter tape dispenser is definitely a work of art. The cut out 'world's greatest golfer" appears on one side. The...
Etched, two-toned blue crystal paperweight will make a wonderful and useful gift. Measures 3"D. Gift boxed.
This solid frosted glass football makes a unique paperweight or office decor. The heavy piece measures 2"W x 4"L x21/2"H. Gift boxed.
A beAU-tiful brass apple weighing 2 1/4 lbs. will definitely keep a stack of papers in place. This item will adorn the appearance of any desk, table...
Finest quality, brightly polished brass business card holder. Engravable. Measures 2 1/2" x 3 3/4"W. Boxed. We do not engrave.
The genuine marble base accents the two color gold stone exclusive designs. The 2 1/2" paperweight is a unique and useful gift. Felt pads included on...
This ideal note/place card holder is a solid wood crab apple standing 1 1/8" x 1 1/4" plus leather stem. Apple story card included. Made in USA.
Perfect for your favorite teacher’s desk – decorative and practical with a cheerful ring. This polished solid brass desk bell measures 4 1/2"H x...
For treasured keepsakes, this heavy brass container is the ideal solution. The removable lid displays a dimensional apple. Highly polished. Measures...
Wood Bracelet [AU77008] - $6.71 : Gifts for Educators!, Education-themed gifts for teachers, students, school personnel, family and friends; including awards, bells, school bells, teacher bells, ribbons and much more.
This bracelet is decorated with red apples and white lettering (I Love Kids and School Days). Boxed.
Descrição: Two men search for salvageable goods in the rubble of an apartment building in Sarpol-e Zahab, Iran, on Tuesday, Nov. 14, 2017. Many people in the earthquake-ravaged area many people have received food and water, but not enough tents have been provided. (Arash Kamooshi/The New York Times/Fotoarena)
2 bedroom flat in Radlett Barry Allsuch & Co. are pleased to offer for rent this bright and spacious 2 bedroom 1st floor apartment situated wit... Favorites Radlett 22 Mar 2014 £1,250
Replacement Parts Catalogs for tractors and combines from Abilene Machine. Parts catalogs, specialty catalogs for John Deere® & Case IH®, seats, lighting and more.
Ron Parshall NikeMSL @ juno . com >, one of the pre-2003 restoration crew, has been collecting Nike parts on e-bay. He thinks this part might be from the major retrofit of Nike systems about 1974 (mostly overseas) where the 4 bay Nike analog computer was replaced by a less than one bay militarized PDP-11.
To meet our FarmTuff® philosophy, Abilene Machine proudly offers quality aftermarket tractor and combine parts at affordable prices. Shop now!
luxury bathroom on a budget for great farmhouse bathroom updates that are easy on the budget love this bathroom mirror makeover 61 budget bathroom makeovers adelaide.
good curtain for bathroom window or full size of bathroom cute bathroom curtains window treatment for small bathroom window light teal shower 91 curtain rods for bathroom window.
idea ideas for a small bathroom for hidden under the bathtub storage is easy to make 19 small bathroom storage ideas diy.
September 10, 2016. NOBLETON, ON – A group of RSI Ambassadors joined the Recreation & Culture department, alongside Toronto Region Conservation (TRCA) and other sponsors, to support the official opening of Tasca Park.
As reported in the King Sentinel, “Mayor Steve Pellegrini said achievements like this are due to the many partnerships with the community and sponsors. The Tasca family itself, provided land from the family farm. Both Joe and Bernice are the “epitome” of community volunteers, he said and there’s no better way to honour them than to put their name on King’s newest park. CN and Tree Canada provided the beautiful trees located throughout the park and the mayor lauded this partnership. ”
We literally dug in to help plant wildflowers, shrubs and participated in a variety of the other environmental discussions and activities throughout this celebrative event.
The RSI park crew members included Yasmin Glanville (RSI Chair), Darla Campbell (Advisor), Kenneth Poon (Advisor) and RSI Ambassadors – Usman Khan, Daniel King, Maria Albuquerque, and Majed Hargaaya.
162 July 2005 C U L T U R E & A R T KOREAN CULTURE & ARTS JOURNAL 163 164 July 2005 C U L T U R E & A R T KOREAN CULTURE & ARTS JOURNAL 165 166 July 2005 C U L T U R E & A R T KOREAN CULTURE & ARTS JOURNAL
This weekend I finally had my break. I had a new running record: almost 10 kilometers. Since I got trouble with my knees when running long distances, I never ran more than 5-6 kilometers. That's about half an hour running. This weekend I suddenly felt I felt could do more. What helped a lot was the fact that it was finally cold in the mornings after weeks of hot weather. Since this weekend was so successful, I'm going to try to add another kilometer to my route.
Ester's home again. She has to be very quiet and build up her activity. This should keep the contractions under control long enough.
Ester's off the medication. And she's not getting them anymore although she gets those hard bellies (cramps) again. The doctors don't think she will give birth right away. But our guess is that without the contraction stoppers to mellow the womb, the chance will be higher then before :(
They checked Ester today and it's getting better. They couldn't detect contractions and the anti-contraction medication is cut down to the half of the initial dose. Finally some good progress.
Seems like our life keeps is in the disaster format. Ester's in hospital. But if I can write about that on my blog, you know that whatever it was is under control now.
Ester had on the night of Monday to Tuesday painful cramps which kept her almost all night awake. The midwife checked her first thing in the morning. In the afternoon Ester was checked again. The womb had opened a tiny little bit by then and the cramps still hadn't seized. So she was sent to the hospital.
The next two days I was in a flux of going back and fro between hospital and home. Ester has to keep quiet and musn't do any exercise. She constantly gets medicine to stop the cramps/contractions and already had medication by which the development of the lungs of the baby accelerate.
I was hoping it would be just the initial 48 hours, but it still hasn't stabilized. Because of that she will still be in hospital for some time.
It is an insecure time for us. Ester's almost in week 34 (coming Tuesday). They then will stop the contraction stoppers and our baby might be born prematurely. It could also take to week 42.
Did we thought we'd have a normal day. We just got home from the supermarket and I wanted to build up the box for the baby, when I saw fire and smoke coming out of the window. Our Turkish neighbour's house was on fire. Like, serious on fire. We instantly closed all windows and I tried to fight the fire with my garden hose. My efforts were hardly enough to make any difference, but you do what you can. The leaves of some plants in our garden dried up and could be going to burn as well.
When the fire fighters arrived we were forced to leave our home. Giving us just enough time time catch our rabbits, put them in a travel cage and go to our other neighbour. We were lucky. The wind was not blowing into our direction. So our damage are some plants and a misformed drain pipe.
The strangest stories are going on when there's a fire. I heard from a friend of the old Turkish man that he was outside when the house started to burn. Other people said that he was trying to remove weed between the stone slabs in his garden with a gas burner. Strange story, but I must say that it is in-character.
While we were visiting our other neighbour for 1,5 hours with the rabbits still in the cage (almost a time record!), we heard that she's moving out in about 3 months because of her bad health. That leaves us with a totally different view on our neighbourhood in a few months with other neighbours on both sides.
Yup, amidala's good for a blog entry. She refuses to eat hay, so we have to do what's possible to keep her eating, so that the flow of food through her digestive system doesn't stop. If it should stop, it would be fatal in a matter of a few days.
So we got up at night at a 2,5 hour interval. Trying to get Amidala to eat without force can take at least half an hour each time. Annoying her with fresh herbs and little tree branches. As you can see on the picture: our room is exploded with food everywehere on the floor.
It took some time, but i finally "published" my compilation cd with some of my favorite songs and a lot of songs I discovered last year. It took me almost a year to complete the job (well, I didn't work the whole year on just that off course). The compilation consists of songs that I find one way or another original, without being too weird to listen to. Otherwise I could fill a compilation every month :)
So if you think you want the cd too (and you're not a stranger to me), just ask me. the cover will be lo-res though. I re-installed my Windows and saved everything except the Photoshop-documents for printing the jewel case cover :(
Last weekend I exposed for the first time some pictures some pictures of mine! The photoclub in Schaijk had their yearly exhibition during a village-festival (braderie). It wasn't a large exhibition, but I still found myself thrilled to see my pictures hanging there, while people were watching them. It sure is something I'd like to try do some other time again.
I was already making plans to gather pictures to expose them somewhere sometime. Maybe I can hang some pictures of mine on the walls in the local hospital or whatever. At least I know now that I like to see my pictures hang in a public place. So if there's someone who needs to fill some public space: let me know! :)
Visitors could vote for what they thought was the best picture. I don't know who's the winner yet, but if it would be me, I'd know it by now.
I'd almost forget: there was also one picture of Ester hanging there! She voted on one of my pictures and I voted on hers.
Pfff! It was some effort, but the work on the baby room is progressing. My parents were back in Holland for just 3 weeks and since my father is good at placing wallpaper, we waited to hear his advise on the room. Ester thought that we could glue the new wallpaper over the old one, but my father helped her and me out of that dream: the old wallpaper had a grainy structure and had to be taken off.
So we did although not very efficient. And after that we painted the doors and window and while I was ill I even painted the ceiling. Well, it's all not that hard to do, but we don't like it DIY, so this is a victory for us. And we did it without (much) complaining! Now we only have to let some people in that will put a floor on the planks and screw the IKEA-stuff into recognizable furniture.
My parents are off again to South Africa to warm up. They haven't really experienced a Dutch winter for some time, so they had a hard time getting used to the cold again.
Well, everybody knows that I like my Palm PDA. And I'm still happy with it after a year of intensive use, but now it'll have to be repaired. It won't switch on again. My Palm can do almost everything except sing and dance. It is my agenda, contact list, notepad, newspaper, mp3 player and even my remote control to control the shutter of my digital camera. I also read books on my Palm, but that was less of an success. The best thing to read a book is still a paper book. I hate to say it but it's true.
What the hell do they mean with "acts of God"? I guess natural disasters, but then they could just write that down. I mean: I'm an atheist. Will I get a telephone call back from PalmOne where somebody on the other end of the line says: "Well mister Bos. We checked your warranty claim and ...ehrm... well, how will I bring this to you... We checked the divine database and it seems that you pissed God off. So the malfunctioning of your Palm E2 is no technical problem. God just hates you. I'm sorry."
Let's face it: we use it everyday. Why not delve into search techniques for just 5 minutes. I assure you that you will from time to time use other techniques than just cramming that text field with all the words you can think of to narrow a search down.
Not only just interesting when you're looking for baby names. The names you find and the developments or declines they make through the years are both interesting and amusing. Now I know why I don't like the name "Walter": It's so old-fashioned.
Anyway: just click in the text field and start typing a name or just a few letters. A graph will appear immediately.
Zen meditation is all about being able to be in the here and now, without being distracted by jumping from one thought to another. The latter is what your brain is doing most of the time. If you don't believe that, try to stop your thinking for half an hour. And that's without sleeping off course!
Stopping the thinking, or at least tempering the mind is a daunting task and progress is made with baby steps. No, make that rabbit steps. At most.
Since our house is more than 50 years old, we still experience the fact that (sound) isolation was a low priority after WWII. That's not handy while meditating. I once heard a complete episode of the GTST soap opera from the floor below, while I was doing zazen (sitting zen)!
So then I'd start yelling "I'M GOING TO MEDITATE NOW!" to Ester on the floor below. Not a tranquil way to start a meditation session. So I tried the official way. I bought a (very) small zen bell. Well, it's more a kind of a bowl. And a small one too. I couldn't get enough noise out of that little thing, so I had to hit on it several times before ester heard me. Most of the time I hit it that hard that fell from its cushion. But then I discovered a new technique to hit it in such a way that it gives so much noise that you won't believe it's coming from that little thing.
Larger bowls are even harder to hit right. It's so easy to hit it too hard or too soft that you have to be concentrated when hitting a large bowl gently. Since you have to hit it 2 or three times you also have to make sure that the volume is each time the same. As you see: you can meditate with everything. Even with a very small brass bowl.
I'm not a very adventurous person, but since I've taken already a lot of pictures of Oss and the surrounding area, that I wanted to make a real photographic adventure now and then. This month I had my first in Liege, Belgium. And although it was a lot of driving and was bored after 4 hours of walking and shooting pictures, it was a success. Most of the pictures that I shot there and passed the quality check are now online on either flickr.com or istockphoto.com.
Strange thing that happened that day: After I parked my car, I went to a shopping mall to go to the toilet. When I was on the toilet in the basement of the shopping mall, the alarm went off and everyone was asked to go outside right away, preferably through the emergency exit. But nobody used the emergency exit, but went quietly to the main exit. When I was finally outside, while not even have buttoned all buttons of my trousers, I saw that there were already people going in again! So much for an alarm.
Yes! Finally my first $100 cheque. Earned by taking pictures and uploading them to iStockphoto.com. It took me from February 2005 to December 2005 to reach that amount, but the next $100 milestone can only get faster now.
For those who don't know what iStock is: it's an online databank with photographs and illustrations for sale. People like desktop publishers can purchase a few pictures (mostly $1 to $3) for a very reasonable price. 10% is for the photographer and that percentage will grow as the sales grow.
I celebrated that occasion with a photographic trip to Liege, Belgium. More of that later. For now, I'm still amazed by getting a cheque from some Canadian company (I thought Vancouver-based) that I only know by their website.
Great news! I bought a salami! And let me explain right away why: Unlike Ester I only want to eat meat from animals that could lead a happy, 'normal' life. On top of that I do not want to be a very strict vegetarian, because it's just not that black and white. But because Ester does the cooking and has resentment against all kinds of meat, I don't eat meat that often. Once a year is a lot.
That situation is ok with me. The only thing I sometimes miss, is chicken paws and salami sausages. Since I do not like to cook, the only thing I wanted to try was a biological salami. Last week I found it in our little reform supermarket. And I can say you: it tastes deliciously! Real Italienischer salami. With Schweinefleisch. Go figure...
December was -as always- a month of fun. Lots of social events and the o so needed time to relax. There's one thing that's always bugging me though: New Year. Or to be more precise: fireworks.
Now you may think it's stupid to be scared of fireworks. Well, I'm not afraid of fireworks but of the people who use it. In particular the children. And these children can be sometimes so young that they shouldn't play with fireworks no matter what. I mean, I've seen in our neighborhood children at the age of 8 playing/throwing with fireworks! That's why I try on the last day of the year to be indoors as much as possible. When I become a dad, I'll try to make sure my children don't get fireworks.
When I think of fireworks and children, I always have to think about the 'funny' story in the local media a few years ago. It was about a boy that lost a bit of his fingers because of fireworks. He said that some older kids had thrown fireworks to him, while he was playing. I knew the boy vaguely, because he lived in my neighborhood and I reckoned that he'd rather be a perpetrator type than a victim type of person.
A few days later a local newspaper issued an interview with the father of the boy. He was very angry about the fact that the people who had thrown the fireworks to his son still were not found by the police. I don't remember exactly what he said, but in my memory he complained about how the hell it was possible that children can play with fireworks and on top of that long before New Year's Eve.
A few days later after that it finally came out that the whole story wasn't true. The boy had to make up a story because he had to go to the hospital, so he had to give his parents some explanation.
So although I'm afraid of children (younger and older) playing with fireworks, I should pity them the most.
Geographic Destination is a trusted and reliable travel brand that has been working with travelers in India, Europe and Asia for over 14 years. We specialize in bringing your dreams of exploration and discovery to life through established and tailor-made packages. Meet our passionate team of people who have experienced the journeys we offer firsthand.
" ramercy wines are made very traditionally with great care and meticulous attention to detail being key.
Mitch McConnell's superPAC politicizes caravan, replete with lies, even after the massacre in Pittsburgh
Reiki (made up of two words Rei and Ki) respectively means “universal” and “life force energy”. Unfortunately, because of past events/issues and the stresses and strains we experience daily, the life force energy does not circulate in the different levels of our being (physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually) as freely as it could. This may result in low life force energy as well as blockages on various levels, which may in turn culminate in physical, emotional, mental and spiritual dis-ease.
When one receives Reiki and Reiki Attunements, the flow of life force energy increases through all levels of your being without blockages. The physical, mental, emotional and spiritual bodies are nourished by the life force energy and become balanced. It is in this balanced state that healing can occur.
It is my belief that everybody can naturally channel life force energy to a certain extent and there are a few gifted natural healers who have never received a Reiki Attunement who are successful. However, Reiki Attunements are needed by most people to facilitate and increase their natural abilities.
I have found that after receiving Reiki, a growth process is set in motion and one becomes more aware of your higher self.
Reiki can never cause harm. Reiki can only benefit the healing process. If it is an individual’s destiny (Karma) not to receive or accept Reiki, it will not cause them any harm.
The following are just a few examples of the signs that one is receiving Reiki, that can be experienced during a Reiki session:
• Crying – remember that tears are healing and this is often as a result of the release of stored emotions
Tip: Click on the Fairy Tail 12 manga image to go to the next page. You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between pages.
Fairy Tail 12 released! You are now reading Fairy Tail 12 online. If you are bored from Fairy Tail manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like Fairy Tail 12 from our huge manga list.
Thank you for your subscription to “Transformational Magic: The Letter That Will Move You”! It is an honor to share this piece of my personal journey with you.
When I write, I create from a container of safety; I trust that you will receive my transparency and hold space for my reflections as you use them to create within your own life.
You may expect to receive a letter delivered to your email inbox each Sunday. This letter will vary in length and content. It is my hope that as you process my words, you feel free to reply to me with your own comments and insights. Your feedback inspires me to continue to delve ever deeper within my core.
Your support of my work through this subscription is valuable to me. I very much appreciate your choice to share energy in this “Facets of Joy” community!
It is my intention that each time you visit this site (which is my heart space on the web) you feel:
Let me know how you feel about an article or practice I have shared, about an experience in life you are stuck or celebrating or if you have a question or a request for a practice you would like me to share.
I *love* interacting here in the comment section and on Facebook and Instagram (my instagram account is at the bottom of this sidebar).
When you choose to join the Facets community, you will receive the complimentary gift of this eBook "The Art of Receiving Abundance".
We know how to manifest abundance, this ebook invites us to explore"The Art of Receiving Abundance."
If my work has touched you, and you wish to donate through this site, you may do so through this link:
Each donation amount from $1 to $1 million is graciously received and greatly appreciated! I apply the money toward our basic monthly budget or use it to share treats with my kids.
Fr. Mbaka: must be under the influence of another spirit - Archbishop Okojie News - Fact News Online
Navigation: Home > News > Religion > Fr. Mbaka: must be under the influence of another spirit - Archbishop Okojie
A retired Archbishop of Lagos state, Cardinal Olubunmi Okogie, in an interview with Vanguard has reacted to the recent statements made by Fr. Ejike Mbaka on President Jonathan's led administration.He said such statements were abnormal and certainly not one influenced by God's spirit but by another spirit. According to the respected clergyman, Mbaka's attitude is unbecoming and any serious priest will not speak the way he spoke. "I am not saying that he is not serious. I will not agree with the things he said. According to what I read in the newspapers, a few weeks earlier, the First Lady, Mrs. Patience Jonathan, visited his Adoration Ground in Enugu and he prayed for her. At that occasion, he was said to have lambasted the opposition party, APC, and now to turn around overnight and start lambasting President Goodluck Jonathan shows that there is something wrong somewhere," He said.
He went on to say that He felt bad because it is not the place of a priest to go to the extent Fr. Mbaka went. Adding that the priest can have his personal opinion, but to go to the extent he went is abnormal and wonders the kind of spirit Fr. Mbaka said he was moved by. "He said he was under the inspiration of the spirit. If he was under the inspiration of the spirit, I wonder if the spirit is that of God. I don’t think the spirit he’s referring to is the spirit of God. He must have been under the influence of another spirit. He must have been listening to a wrong spirit."
When asked if the statement is not embarrassing to the Catholic Church as a whole, the Archbishop responded thus. ..."Indeed, it is. But I must say to you that he was not speaking on behalf of the church. No! No!! No!!! Anybody with such opinion is in error. The man cannot hold brief for the church. Pardon me, but how can I say you are bloody fool and anybody takes that to mean that all journalists are bloody fools. It’s very funny."
He further stated that the Catholic Church is structured in such a way that there are dioceses where each priest belongs. And that the priest in question belong to Enugu Diocese, so it is left for the bishop in charge of that diocese to discipline him in situations like this. If the priest fails to obey the discipline, then the bishop is obligated to report the mother to the Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria, CBCN."You may have heard the Bishop of Abuja Diocese, John Cardinal Onaiyekan, who said that if the priest were to be in his diocese, he would discipline him straight. But he is not in his diocese. The best anyone of us can do is just to advise him that he had gone too far and he is free to take our advice and he may not. God gave every one of us a free will and we are at liberty to use the freewill as we choose."
On the kind of sanction that can be given to such a priest, Archbishop said.. "It depends on his bishop. You cannot dictate for his bishop. Don’t forget that this same man was at loggerheads with a former governor of Enugu State, Chimaroke Nnamanni, and it was the same Adoration Ground in Enugu. If I have my way, we should close that place because a lot of things have been happening there that are out of tune. I think Gov. Peter Obi also went there for prayers at one point. If I have my way, I won’t go there for anything…
Latest News Stop Using Sniper to Preserve Beans, Ogbeh Begs Traders Take a Cue from Buhari, Oshiomhole Tells Losers in APC Primaries Okorocha Replies Oshiomhole, Says APC Chairman is ‘Father of Nepotism’ EFCC Confirms Plan to Extradite Alison-Madueke JAMB to offer exceptional foreign nationals scholarships in 2019 Disobeying court order is corruption – Emir Executive asked us to cut MDAs’ budgets for 2019 elections – Senator 120 lawyers to defend suspected killers of Alkali I killed my mother, slept with her corpse for money ritual – Suspect We’re unaware of Oshiomhole’s grilling by DSS, says APC
This publication provides technical guidance and design requirements for operation and maintenance of auxiliary electric power systems.
This course is intended for electrical engineers, mechanical engineers and other professional engineers, plant operators and construction managers wanting an introduction to operation and maintenance of auxiliary electric power generating plants.
This course will give professional engineers and others an introduction to auxiliary power plant maintenance procedures and operational requirements.
This is an introduction to plant operation and maintenance procedures for auxiliary power generating stations.
After completion of this course you will be prepared to address operational and maintenance procedures for auxiliary power plants.
Thank you for your quick response. I can take unlimited courses for up to one year? That means I can apply some of the courses for this year’s deadline, and take additional courses after that toward my next period deadline!
For those times when you need only the highest-quality Engineering Plastic supplies built to stand the test of time, you need Premium Plastics in Dochart. From the very beginning, we've catered to the needs of Engineering professionals in Dochart just like you. We understand how important it is to have both durable and aesthetically-pleasing engineering plastics, and we'll work together with you in order to complete your project on time and on budget.
Of course, being affordable is important, too. That's why we offer countless deals and special offers to help you get the most value for your investment. Industrial durability, outstanding visual elements, and affordability: That's what we offer at Premium Plastics in Dochart.
When you purchase a product from Premium Plastics in Dochart, the story does not end there. Our professional technicians and representatives are standing by to provide you with any assistance you may require, including installation advice and technical support. We understand that every project is unique, and we strive to offer a personalized solution that is custom-tailored to your specific needs. At the end of the day, we like to see ourselves as your partners - not merely your parts supplier in Dochart.
Ready to get started? Call us today on 0333 121 1216 from the comfort and convenience of your own home for the engineering supplies you need for your next project in Dochart. We're here to help, so be sure to let us know if you have any questions about our inventory, including pricing, sizing, and ordering options. We appreciate your business and we can't wait to work together to help you complete your next project in Dochart!
Premium Plastics are the UK’s leading supplier of Plastic products in Dochart. We stock a wide range of products for use in Domestic and Commercial properties and to suit all budgets, with fast delivery in Dochart.
Engineering Plastic Suppliers in stock in Large Volumes for reliable delivery. The highest quality products in Dochart
Dr. Scott Merkle has been recognized by the International Union of Forest Research Organizations for his research using somatic embryogenesis to propagate trees.
IUFRO is a nonprofit network of forest scientists that promotes global cooperation in forest-related research. Its goal is to enhance the understanding of the ecological, economic and social aspects of forests and trees. Uniting more than 15,000 scientists in more than 110 countries, IUFRO also recognizes the outstanding research contributions of its members.
Merkle was honored late last year at a meeting in La Plata, Argentina, for his “outstanding contributions by his scientific endeavors in the vegetative propagation of trees, especially somatic embryogenesis in hardwoods.”
Abstract Prospects of and Tasks Involving the Policy of Revitalization of Traditional Korean Performing Arts Yong-Shik, Lee National Center for Korean Traditional Performing Arts In the 21st century, the
WAOW has been designed with the diver in mind to provide the ultimate experience. Scuba Diving will be the principle past time offered on board. She will therefore be equipped to an extremely high level drawing on the teams more than 30 years experience in the industry. From the equipment used to the itineraries proposed, our philosophy is based on the following criteria and goals.
Abyssworld Team is composed of professionals scuba diving and travel, with a long and solid experience. We are all driven by the same passion: to organize & manage our own trips, accompany you during each immersion to contemplate the fragile beauty of the oceans. A design-trip dive proven for over 20 years.
The mission of Aggressor Fleet and Dancer Fleet is to provide scuba divers with the highest quality and most innovative and safest LiveAboard diving experience possible. We offer unparalleled customer service and the most comfortable dive yachts, accessing the best diving destinations around the world.
THE ROAD TO SUSTAINABILITY ton thousand ton ton thousand ton SOx ton/billion Korean won kg/billion Korean won NOx ton/billion Korean won kg/billion Korean won CO ton/billion Korean won kg/billion Korean
TechGeniux is a new technology blog dedicated on delivering exciting news on startups, reviewing products and assisting people with useful product tips. » How-to Create A Weekly Meal Plan over a Budget powered by Olark live chat software
Composing an essay is an challenging undertaking. Disagreement is mandatory for many good writing which is needed for comedy additionally. Pupils just need to open their books, pick a character and begin composing an essay on it. Composing an article isn’t too easy and it really is vital the student receives the construction prior to beginning to compose. When composing your analytic composition it helps you to truly renew your thoughts because you’ll find a way to assess all of the critical features of the item you’re authoring. Writers of analytical documents have to get enough info regarding the material they can be currently talking about. If you are having difficulty composing an essay, you happen to be needing a fast guide that can give you a hand. Thus, in case you can follow the preceding told principle for writing I search composition then you certainly’ll certainly find yourself with an prominent portion of work. So, you must be fairly apt whilst writing a five sentence.
Oahu is the means the theory becomes become a complete -fledged account that is harder to anticipate!
On paper a composition or an essay, it truly is vital to comprehend your examiners is not going to merely examine your articles but in addition appear at significant issues like your own syntax, punctuation, as well as your style of writing. A great communication composition should additionally have the job of offering advice whenever needed. Therefore, to be able to write a great French essay one must reveal the challenging function and conviction specially if he doesn’t know the best way to speak French. One essential thing should be held in mind that is you shouldn’t provide your own opinion when composing the article. Before I finish this record, I need to attract your attention to several other essential issues you should have in the rear of your own brain when you’re writing your article. Doing study may enrich the caliber of your composition. Your entire thoughts might be completely online paper writer free met within the essay easily. You will find just two main issues that documents demand.
Creating analytical documents isn’t an effortless job and therefore students have to get support from on-line article writing businesses. Whatever composition topic you select you have to be interested within the subject and recognizable by it. This ought to be the longest part along with the key piece of your persuasive essay. Essays are not merely composed on several diverse themes but are additionally offered in various manner. Don’t overlook, an notable essay isn’t about having remarkable words. Additionally the authors have to have a pattern to work on so they could compose a successful composition. Among numerous kinds of article, lots of people consistently fall short of ideas with regard to creating a persuasive or argumentative article.
The capability to write a fantastic article is a vital ability crucial in school and university years. For all those pupils that are going through exactly precisely the same French essay circumstance, we have selected to present a succinct guide on how best to compose French composition specially if you dont know tips on how to speak French. Therefore, here we’ll be discussing how precisely to write I-Hunt essay for English class in order to get a rough idea on the best way to manage it. The following procedure would be to identify what you want to describe within the essay.
French startup BlaBlaCar is announcing plans to acquire Ouibus, the bus division of France’s national railway company SNCF. For the first time, BlaBlaCar is moving beyond carpooling and plans to offer both long-distance carpooling rides and bus rides. BlaBlaCar already ran a test with Ouibus for the past six months on popular corridors. It looks like both companies are happy with this test as SNCF is willing to let BlaBlaCar run Ouibus from now on. As part of this deal, BlaBlaCar is announcing a new $114 million investment (€101 million) from SNCF and existing BlaBlaCar investors. I’d guess that this isn’t just cash but probably cash and shares as part of the move with SNCF. Yes, you read that correctly, SNCF is now an investor in BlaBlaCar. Ouibus has transported over 12 million passengers over the past few years in France and Europe. Many thoughts that buses would hurt BlaBlaCar over the long run. By offering buses on BlaBlaCar directly, the company can capitalize on its brand and huge community to counter that trend. BlaBlaCar is now a marketplace for road travel. BlaBlaCar is taking a risk as Ouibus has been relentlessly losing money. Just like other bus companies, Ouibus relies heavily on contractors, which means that BlaBlaCar could quickly adjust the offering. It’ll also depend on product integrations on BlaBlaCar, OUI.sncf and other platforms. BlaBlaCar currently has 65 million users in 22 countries and is about to reach profitability. And you can expect to find ride-sharing offers on OUI.sncf in the coming months. ... Read More
Chappy, the dating app for gay men, has today announced a partnership with GLAAD. As part of the partnership, Chappy will make a donation to GLAAD for each conversation initiated on the dating app, from now throughout 2019. The company won’t disclose the amount of the donation, but said that it hopes to raise “hundreds of thousands of dollars.” Chappy launched in 2017 to give gay men an authentic, discrimination-free way to connect with one another. The app uses a sliding scale to let users indicate what they’re looking for in a relationship, ranging from ‘Cute’ to ‘Sexy.’ The app has more than 650,000 registered users, and has seen more than 1 billion swipes. Chappy is backed by Bumble and controlled by Bumble shareholders, falling under the Badoo umbrella of dating apps. Last month, Bumble named Chappy its official dating app for gay men. As part of that relationship, Bumble and Chappy will be cross-promoting each other’s apps. Adam Cohen-Aslatei, Managing Director at Chappy, says that the donations to GLAAD will be unrestricted, and can be used by GLAAD however they see fit. Cohen-Aslatei also hopes to contribute to GLAAD’s research projects, and said that he sees the opportunity for the Chappy community to provide data-based insights to that research. Cohen-Aslatei joins the Chappy team from Jun Group, where he was Vice President of Marketing. He was appointed to the position last month. “There are a lot of dating apps out there and a lot of gimmicks out there,” said Cohen-Aslatei. “We’re trying to improve the way the gay community meets each other and thinks about relationships, but also the way they think about their commitment to the community. We’re a relationship and advocacy app, and we want to partner with the right organizations to drive awareness to what we are.” ... Read More
2019 is shaping up to be a big year for 5G, and Intel — one of tech’s biggest mobile players — has finally announced its plans for the next-generation network in the form of its new XMM 8160 5G modem. The XMM 8160 modem is set to be released to manufacturers sometime in the second half of 2019, with the first devices using the chip coming in early 2020. Intel has big ambitions for the XMM 8160 5G. It envisions using it across phones, PCs, and broadband hubs, with peak speeds of up to 6 gigabits per second. The modem will support both the standalone and non-standalone specs for the 5G NR (New Radio) standard, as well as legacy support for 4G, 3G, and 2G networks all in one chipset. Additionally, Intel says that the modem will support both... Continue reading… ... Read More
The world’s two fastest supercomputers are now American, according to the rankings that are released biannually. The two computers, Summit and Sierra, both use IBM technology. Summit was crowned the world’s fastest computer back in June when it performed the mathematical test LINPACK at 122.3 petaflops per second. (Each petaflop is one quintillion math operations.) Since then, it’s received more upgrades, and it can now perform the test at 143.5 petaflops per second, giving it a huge lead over the other 499 supercomputers on the list. Five of the top 10 supercomputers are American Meanwhile, Sierra trails behind Summit with 1.6 million processor cores to Summit’s 2.4 million. Other than that, both supercomputers run on similar specs:... Continue reading… ... Read More
Brendon Chung talks about his motivation for Skin Deep, and how it takes more than critical acclaim to solve the discoverability problem... Read More
Developer says it will not tolerate racist langue between pro players but puts onus on teams to discipline... Read More
inspirational baby pillow walmart for nursing cover walmart dinner chair cover white cotton baby stroller accessories seat cover infant dinner chair 95.
Grand Quarterly explores the art and process and making things. A limited edition of print, retail, and live-events brought to you by your friends at Ghost Robot.
The Ghost Robot Grand Quarterly is also a quarterly zine, printed on glorious newsprint by Linco Printing in New York City.
All models on this website are 18 years or older. grannypics.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
If you find inappropriate content that you believe should be removed (illegal content, copyright infringement or dead links) CONTACT US. Parents protect your children from adult content with these services: Cyber Patrol, Net Nanny, Cyber Sitter.
By Grant Fleming STRATFORD, ONTARIO – A senior executive for a junior hockey team says he did not know one of his hockey players was a rapist. Don MacArthur, an executive board member for the Stratford Cullitons, said he was “surprised” to learn one of his players was a recently convicted sex offender. In July
By Grant Fleming STRATFORD, ONTARIO — The top politician in a southwestern Ontario city says he had no idea a convicted rapist was playing for the team he presides over. Dan Mathieson is the mayor of Stratford, a city 150 kilometers west of Toronto. He’s also the president of the Cullitons junior hockey team. Mathieson
Back to court: A woman who alleges that Mitch Vandergunst, an ex-junior hockey player, raped her is ready to take him back to court. May 17, 2016
Nasty insults fly in hockey rinks: a player convicted of rape causes rival fans to face off. March 4, 2016
Innocent until proven guilty: an Ontario town welcomes convicted rapist and star hockey player, Mitch Vandergunst October 30, 2015
Convicted rapist Vandergunst trolls for a new hockey team while a disgraced coach finds peace September 20, 2015
Sheldon Kennedy on Stratford hockey team’s rape scandal: Stop sweeping it under the carpet May 23, 2015
Lunch with Jan Wong and Maxine Ruvinsky: a conversation about the Stratford Cullitons and its rape scandal May 13, 2015
Guilty: the trial of Mitchell Vandergunst, star hockey player for the Stratford Cullitons May 1, 2015
“He truly is a great guy.” Teammate of convicted rapist speaks out while team officals remain tight-lipped April 17, 2015
Low expectations: Head of women’s shelter doubts hockey players will take sensitivity training seriously April 4, 2015
Oct casino 32red demo, 2017; Seattle, WA, USA; UCLA Bruins quarterback Josh Rosen (3) passes during pregame warmups against the Washington Huskies at Husky Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Joe Nicholson-USA TODAY Sports Every year, we break open the mock draft for a 3-round look which is an excellent casino 32red demo in sept roulette douai. File-This March 20, 2018, casino 32red demo photo shows casino 32red demo back Saquon Casino 32red demo catching a football during Penn State NFL football Pro Day in State College, Pa.
Barkley is the best vemo in this year's draft. Yet he might not go in the first handful of picks Thursday night. Huh. Blame the desperation to. 1:28 - The Celtics picked up right where they left off with a huge 16-point dejo in Game 1 vs. the Sixers. Kyle Draper and Brian Scalabrine break down the win. 7:11 - The Bruins werent quite as lucky to come away with a win, dropping Game 2 to the Lighting.
Michael Felger, Tony 32rwd and Meghan. Following the second day of the 2018 NFL Draft, New England Casino 32red demo director of player personnel Nick Caserio preached competition. Take a quick glance casino 32red demo the Patriots' 90-man roster and you'll see the caskno for plenty of it. 12 type of yogas caused when all the planets are hemmed between Rahu and Ketu. mese biliard pool,snooker,carambol,pyramid,caracteristici,dimensiuni,preturi Bibliografia.
citizens (or even green cardholders) resident in Canada who are contributors (or a joint contributor) to their children's RESP (quot;registered educational savings planquot;) may have U. reporting issues. Add artistic organization dmo your travels or daily routine. This spacious bag features a hand painted leather exterior jocuri de poker on line gratis your choice of motif. A belt over the top with a faux buckle detail catches your eye.
An adjustable single flat strap lets you find the perfect shoulder or cross body cawino while a. 32rred flirted with Jim the entire time she was engaged to Roy. Yeah okay, so they were best friends but it was clear that on more than one occasion that it was more than that and they both knew it. As Pam Beesly enters her 40s, she explores her sexuality. Dwight Schrute: Jim, could you please inform Andy Bernard that he is being shunned. Jim Halpert: Andy, Dwight says welcome back and he could use a hug.
Pam Beesly: What. [Jim shakes his head] Did you want to tell 32rfd something. You look like you want to tell me something. [Jim shakes his head no] You look like poker trgovina maribor have something really important to say and you just can't for some reason. quot;Take Your Daughter To Work Dayquot; is caisno eighteenth episode of the second season of de,o American comedy television series The Office, and the show's twenty-fourth episode overall.
Posted October 28, 2017 There are many fronts in the war against death, and for the past two hundred years humanity has been winning. The stats are easy enough to find. Before the industrial revolution life expectancy was often below 30 years (though if you survived infancy, you had a decent chance of seeing your fifties). The Fate Worse than Death trope as used in popular culture. Think death is the cruelest fate. Think again. There are several things much worse: torture, … Soundcore Spirit X Sports Earphones by Anker, with Wireless Bluetooth 5. 0, 12-Hour Battery, IPX7 SweatGuard Technology, Secure Fit for Sport and Workouts, with Mic This easy step-by-step tutorial shows you how to skim coat damaged drywall after wallpaper removal (with my favorite products that make things easier!). Believe me when I say that there isn't one square inch of the master bathroom that won't have some dimitri urbanowicz poker of joint compoundskim coati 32ted it. Maman b233;d233;phile. Elle est fan deno comics, casino 32red demo manga, casino 32red demo. Offrez-lui le meilleur de la BD. The Gag Boobs trope as used in popular culture. The (often satirical) use of female breasts for comedy, rather than (or in casino 32red demo to) Fanservice. Dejo … NFLShop. com is your 1 site remo custom New Orleans Saints jerseys, casino spielothek bielefeld Saints hats cazino personalized gifts. As found casino 32red demo Custom Shop Bolt guitars. These casino 32red demo assembled pickguards use quality Kiesel Guitars' components, and are available pachinko slot online single-coil S60A caaino, or two S60As and a C22B casino 32red demo. Includes master volume and tone, csaino pickup selector and casino 32red demo. 32rred in white, white. Custom Electric Car Conversion Instructional Videos. The adrian mateos poker stars With Tesloids is that they are not like Tribbles. They dont multiply very quickly. Electronic parts, pickguard and components all laid out prior to assembly. Seymour Duncan SSL-5 Custom Staggered bridge pickup, Fender174; Custom Shop Fat 50s pickups (neck), Fender174; Custom Shop Custom '69 pickups (middle), GHS Boomers 10-48 strings, Fender174; white accessory kit, all black 1 ply 0. 090quot; black vinyl … Fender '68 Custom Princeton Reverb 12W 1x10 Tube Guitar Combo Amp with Celestion Ten 30 Speaker Black The new and exciting 2017 Subaru Outback comes in a variety of trims and colors. Learn more about the 2017 Subaru Outback here. Our Premier Series trailers designed for convenient hauling at its BEST. Great for commercial jobs. Customization available with many add-on Doolittle features. Notify me when Rugged Ridge Black Textured Front Tube Doors - Pair (07-18 Wrangler JK) is back in stock.
Members Login; Competition Results; Golf Events Coming Up Once players were eligible to represent their state, the tables turned. A hat-trick of series wins for Queensland (1982-1984, 1987-1989) bookended two wins for New South Wales. Where it went right This was a dysfunctional year for Milwaukee. The Bucks traded for hair salon patron Eric Bledsoe, fired coach Jason Kidd at a pizza restaurant, medically retired Casino 32red demo Teletovic, dealt with injuries to Malcolm Brogdon and Jabari Parker, and even endured Giannis Antetokounmpos family-unfriendly bell.
Good to see you Merlin! We also apologise as Äiti has been absent through dizziness. But more importantly we are delighted you are doing well and hope it's nice and warm where you are. We nekkids have some lovely heated blankies here. So how are the siblings ? And how's that little tortie ? Keeping you on edge ?
We're so glad to see this update, Merlin ! We're sorry for your typist, and we purr for her and hope she continues to feel better. And we're very happy for you, too ! Purrs
We're glad to see an update and that you continue to do well, Merlin. We're purring for your typist and hoping she is back to 100% soon.
So sorry to hear about your typist, but glad to hear she is doing will as well as you. Hope the siblings are also well. Glad to have you back.
Good to see you! Glad to hear that despite a few bumps in the road everyone is doing well! Can't wait to hear more!
I am sorry your typist was in an accident. I am so happy to see this post and that you are well. I pray for you daily and have been wondering how you were doing. XO
Glad to hear from you, Merlin, and that you are doing well. I hope your typist is soon back to feeling 100% again.
The above post, unless specifically stated to the contrary, should not be taken seriously. If the above post has offended you in any way, please fill in this form and return it to your nearest moderator.
I'd have made sausages but the skins I ordered hadn't shown up yet. Fried up the little bit I had left over after shaping the burgers and I think it's bang on. Admittedly I've never eaten Merguez before but it was tasty so I can only assume I nailed it. .
Just made this. My word it's amazing! Sausages are resting, but I fried the last bit as a burger and it was soooooo good Only change I made was to replace 1/3 of the meat with Game (as I had to use it up) and I used whole spices, lightly toasted them and ground them myself.
On another subject - does anyone else regularly cook with Ancho chillies? I was really down on them at first due to the mildness but they give a really nice flavour when added alongside normal chillis.
TCRT's just reminded me - I've been invited to a dinner party this Saturday and if I go I need to bring homemade British food. Does anyone have ideas what I could make that are cheap to make a bunch of and, crucially, really easy? It's meant to be food from my homeland but I doubt anyone's going to notice the difference between Scottish food and food originating from anywhere else in the UK.
Rocsteady wrote: TCRT's just reminded me - I've been invited to a dinner party this Saturday and if I go I need to bring homemade British food. Does anyone have ideas what I could make that are cheap to make a bunch of and, crucially, really easy? It's meant to be food from my homeland but I doubt anyone's going to notice the difference between Scottish food and food originating from anywhere else in the UK.
Cook your omelete. As the egg starts to cook, scramble it with a fork whilst shaking your pan furiously.
Flip it over. I always strawberry float this up. Sometimes it breaks. I always try to go for the fancy French style 3 flips...
It needs a narrow beaker! I do this at live demos all the time and I've never had it not work. You just need the right container and don't lift the head of the blender until the emulsion is forming.﻿
S: Neither was the last one. It was a robbery. M: Really? S: Yeah. She stole my heart. And my crown. (❍ᴥ❍ʋ)
Just make a big cottage pie. Cheap, easy, no worries about portions and pure good comfort food for the cold.
Thanks for the suggestions, I suspect puff pastry may be difficult to find here in my local supermarket but if not I'll maybe go with those small sausage rolls.
If not, i googled easy cottage pie and this came up, and it does look extremely easy so could be the one: http://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/9644 ... pherds-pie
Anyone else like those Kabuto noodle cups? I'm completely hooked on them at the moment but can only get them in Sainsburys.
Rex Kramer wrote: Anyone else like those Kabuto noodle cups? I'm completely hooked on them at the moment but can only get them in Sainsburys.
I prefer the Naked Noodle ones, the Singapore curry, Hoisin duck and beef Pho varieties are really good although I recommend adding a bit less water than the instructions suggest.
They also do some noodles in soup varieties but they're a lot smaller and not as readily available, a shame really as the Thai chicken and fiery shrimp ones aren't available in the larger pots.
I was a bit disappointed with the naked noodles. They taste nice but there didn't seem to be much in there.
We provide outsourced Client Support, Back Office, Finance, and Accounting services allowing your brokerage to operate efficiently without the challenges of finding and retaining specialist staff.
Technium specialises in supporting forex brokers with Business Process Outsourcing. Expand your business and reduce your fixed costs by engaging Technium to support your existing teams or completely manage business processes, including Client Support, Back Office, Finance, and Accounting.
Every member of the Technium team has direct experience working with the world’s leading brokerages. Trust Technium to support your company through each phase of its growth. Technium’s expert team members can also be directly engaged for consulting and project management.
Maximise performance in transaction processing, billing, collections and other areas critical to financial integrity and profitability
Our capability to provide scalable resources ensures you have greater flexibility over your back office needs, whether you wish to provide additional services, or wish to take on more clients
Maximise client satisfaction, retention and lifetime value with outstanding client support services including email handling, support ticket handling, call handling and live chat support
Technium is a Certified Google Partner which means Google trusts us to manage advertising accounts, and you can too.
Leverage our knowledge and relationships in the Forex industry. Whether you’re intent on growing your existing brokerage or launching a new brand we can advise and connect.
A solid business strategy is essential when entering the forex market. Technium can develop and review your forex business plan
Technium is based in Melbourne, Australia. Contact us by email or phone to learn more about our services or to request a quote.
JOHANNESBURG – Managed Integrity Evaluation (MIE), a market leader in background screening and vetting, has partnered with a reputable provider to expand its inclusive background screening service and now also offer comprehensive screening of all social media activities of potential employees for companies across Africa. Speaking on the announcement, MIE […]
Acid resistant grout | Adhesive of tiles | Building of pool | Building of swimming pool | Estrich | Fixing of tiles | Flex-adhesive | Glueing of floortiles | Grout colours | Grouting | Grouting of tiles | Laying | Laying calculator | Laying of glassmosaik | Laying of pool | Laying of terrace | Porcelan grout | TECHNOKOLLA | Tiling | Waterproofing | Waterproofing of terrace
Kyocera along with Marubeni and Wakachiku announced that the companies have supplied a solar power generating system to the Majuro Hospital in the Republic of the Marshall Islands, a part of Micronesia. The 208.98kW solar installation will generate approximately 257MWh of annual electricity, which will help to offset roughly 81 tons of CO2 emissions per year. The system is comprised of 972 Kyocera 215-watt solar modules, which have enhanced support bars to strengthen wind pressure resistance, as the island nation experiences strong trade winds.
This project is being funded by the Japanese government’s Official Development Assistance (ODA) to support the reduction of carbon emissions by utilizing renewable energy resources as an alternative to diesel electric power generation. Kyocera began supplying solar modules to developing countries in 1984 as part of the Japanese government’s ODA project. Since then, it has been involved in approximately 40 ODA projects and has supplied a total of more than 3 megawatts of solar power generating systems to countries in Asia and Africa.
I’m currently working on a project for a small manufacturing operation. They wanted to automate the way they schedule & produce work orders or jobs. Their biggest concern was what I like to call “forward compatibility”. Forward compatibility means that if they need to make changes to their system in the future, then they won’t need me to redesign their system, there should be a simple method to add, edit, update procedures, etc… When I took a look at their existing processes, I found a lot of Excel spreadsheets driving their operations. For instance, there is a spreadsheet that drives their “smart” part numbering system. There is a spreadsheet that drives their product testing operations. Plus, these spreadsheets are all Revision Controlled (that’s Version Control in the IT world).
My solution was to use their existing spreadsheets as inputs to my Custom Job Control System. I designed the system to always use the most current version of the relevant spreadsheets (which are always stored on the network in a static location) as data. That way, they can simply control those documents as they always have and they won’t have to reconfigure my system when they have changes.
The main thing that makes this system possible is the POI project from the Apache Software Foundation. The POI project is a pure Java API for reading & writing Microsoft Office Documents. It allows simple Java Object Oriented access to MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Outlook & Publisher. However, some parts are still in their infancy. In particular, MS Word access is simple and not very well developed. MS Excel access, however, is about as powerful as you could possibly need. Accessing spreadsheets is simple and powerful, IF you know what parts of the spreadsheet you need to access. The POI project makes it simple to access Excel documents, but Microsoft didn’t make Excel documents simple to use (at least from the perspective of the underlying implementation). So, without further ado, here are the 2 most important lessons that I’ve learned about reading Excel spreadsheets with Apache POI.
1. Always test the cell type before attempting to parse its data. POI can read both text and numeric cells, but it has to know which is which. One way to do that is like this:
2. This is an issue with Excel rather than with POI, but it can be a real bear to figure out. When you set a cell’s format in Excel, you are actually setting the “default” format of the cell. When you first add data to a cell in Excel, it’s format is “General” and Excel attempts to be helpful by guessing whether its textual or numeric. Sometimes it gets it wrong, but even if it doesn’t and you decide to change the format, it doesn’t change the format of data already entered. For example, you have a column of numbers that you want to get with POI, but you don’t know how they might be formatted, so you want to et the String representation of each number. Well, you can’t. Even if you go into the spreadsheet and set the cells format to “Text”, Excel still thinks they’re numbers, and you will get the “cannot get text from numeric cell” exception. What you have to do is ensure that the cells are set to the correct format before any data is entered, or you can set the format, then re-enter the data.
Once you have a firm grasp of how Excel represents its own data structures, then POI makes Excel access as easy as pie. With MS Excel firmly entrenched with so many small & medium businesses, Apache POI is a godsend. It’s a simple set of modules that allows developers easy access to all of those legacy MS Office documents.
TechnoPoetic » Development Environment done the right way, with Vagrant, VirtualBox and Puppet on Getting started with Kohana, the Swift PHP Framework
This idea was directly taken from John Watson’s excellent post, Building a better WordPress portfolio. I’ve taken his concept, and I think, improved upon it slightly. Thanks John.
I’m always looking for a better way to display my portfolio of various projects. I’ve tried hand-coded pages, WordPress pages, custom WP functions that pull all the posts from a special category, etc… and I just never have been able to come up with something that I really like.
Enter John Watson’s post about using WordPress Custom Post Types (CPT). Custom post Types were, technically, introduced in WP 2.9, although there was no way to work with them in the user interface until 3.0. Basically, they are WP’s answer to Drupal’s Custom Content Kit (CCK). You know about Pages and Posts. Well, Custom Post Types let you define additional “things”, so that you might have Pages, Posts, Teapots, and Projects. The basic idea is that you define a Custom Post Type in functions.php, which gives you an entry in the WP admin sidebar to manage those entities. In this instance, I’ve created a Custom Post Type of “Projects”, so that I can now add, edit and manage my portfolio, directly in the admin area.
The first step is to create the CPT in your themes functions.php. The function that you need is register_post_type(), which you can read about in the Codex.
Technically, that’s all that you need to do. However, one thing I wanted, was the ability to have snippets from each project displayed on a parent “Projects” page.
It turns out, that this is very easily done. You simply need to add a file to your theme, in this case, titled “archive-project.php”. That keys the WP theme system to use that file in order to display a listing of all of your custom post types. You can also create a custom template to display single project pages, by creating a new file, again directly in your theme directory. This file should be titled “single-project.php”. Again, that title causes the WP template heirarchy to choose the file to display your post.
Finally, you may get a 404 page not found error when you first try to load the Projects page. To fix that, go to Settings->Permalinks in order to rebuild the permalink structure. You don’t have to make any changes, just visit the Permalinks page, and click Save. You now have a “Projects” parent page, themed by “archive-project.php”. In my case, each individual Project page is still being themed by “single.php”.
hmm i have a lot that i'm following..today i was just reading Kare first Love..i'm also following: B.O.D.Y, Hot Gimmick, Wild Act, Ultra Maniac, Happy Hustle High, Tokyo Boys and Girls, Absolute Boyfriend, Host Club, Datte Suki Nan Damon, Hana Kimi, Boys over Flowers, and some others..right now i'm really hooked onto Kare first Love..i can't wait to get the other volumes!
Jup I think so too, but I hope the mangaka won't switch the whole time between Ichi and Daiya with Fuuko because that would be boring == ;;
@shinhwa_gurl: I know a Kare Made Love or something like that though it's not the same manga xD... I looked for the story, it's sounds just like the type of shoujo I like ^^! I knew I knew that art style from something O.o, it's from Binestu Shoujo :p Another one I'm following!
Lets see now.. wow, there have been many, but its fewer now. I'm getting into some older, classic stuff, but newer stuff as well.
Now, it's Naruto, Fruits Basket, Penguin Revolution, Yoroshiku Master, Peter Panda, Prince of Tennis, DN Angel, and... more I think, but not off the top off my head.
Not that long of a list compared to most others since I've only recently started reading manga compared to watching anime for years. Currently reading: Gokinjo Monogatari, Naruto, One Piece, Tenshi Nanka Ja Nai
Let’s face it, while being pregnant is amazing (ahem…), it’s also super overwhelming. The advice, the do’s, the don’ts and let’s not forget about allllll the stuff.
It’s a long 9 months, or 40 weeks or 3 trimesters and I’ve put together a list of pregnancy essentials that will help get you through, smooth sailing…kinda.
Sitting on the ball is amazing for posture and to help ease back and pelvic discomfort. I also suggest a few key ball exercises to help keep your pelvis open and pain free. The ball is also a great tool to help get you through contractions at any stage. And trust me, you’ll definitely use it with your newborn. Endless middle of the night baby bouncing and it actually works!
Tip: Make sure you get a ball that is 65 cm or bigger and preferably latex free. Find them at Wal-Mart, Winners, Homesense or any sporting goods store.
A growing belly and tightening skin often damages the collagen fibers that give skin its supple elasticity resulting in those dreaded stretch marks. But even if you don’t get any stretch marks (lucky you!) – you may feel some amount of tightness, itchiness and occasional burning around your belly. Using a good quality belly butter certainly does help!
My favourite belly butter for both of my pregnancies was Joyous Health’s Belly Bump Butter. I spend a few quick moments after every shower or bath rubbing it into my belly. I also loved using Bio-oil post baby #2. It really helped reduce the signs of marks.
Tip: Find a lotion, butter or oil that is mildly fragrant or unscented. Your nose is a pretty sensitive thing when you are pregnant and some smells can be a bit overpowering.
As both a chiropractor and two time mama– I can’t stress the importance of getting a good quality pillow for sleep during pregnancy. The earlier you start using one, the better. I treat a lot of mamas in my practice whose aches and pains can be prevented by using a good quality pillow in the right set up from the first trimester. Ideally, you want to position the pillow between your knees, lower legs and ankles. You also want a bit of support (think a wedge) under your growing belly. And don’t forget about your neck – it’s just as important!
Tip: You may need to try a few different variations on your pillow set up. Trial and error is key and don’t give up! You’ll find a good position with some practice!
Ok so growing a human being inside of you is hard and makes you super hungry. But then you eat a bite and you’re full (thank you baby who has compressed your stomach). One hour later, you’re hungry…again. And so the cycle continues.
The most helpful thing for me was snacking. Think smaller meals, more frequently. Anything from an apple with PB to yogurt with granola to a hard boiled egg… I kept my snack game tight and it helped. It also helped me be less hangry. Because let’s face it there is nothing worse than a hangry pregnant woman.
Tip: Try incorporating some protein in each of your snacks. It will help keep you fuller for longer!
Ok, so you’re retaining more water and your belly is starting to get a bit bigger and let’s be honest, the energy you spend getting yourself into your favourite pair of jeans is equivalent to doing a one hour spin class. Girl, it’s time to pack away your fave skinny jeans and spring for a pair of – dare I say – maternity jeans.
But don’t worry, maternity jeans have come a long, long way and there are so many flattering styles available now. Frumpy, boxy, shapeless stretchy “pants” are a thing of the past!
Tip: Check out Mom’s Buy and Sell Groups or ask friends who’ve been pregnant before – chances are someone has a great pair of J Brands they are willing to get rid off which helps ease the strain on your wallet.
Let’s be real, in pregnancy there is A LOT of waiting. Waiting for doctors, waiting for ultrasounds, waiting for blood tests and ultimately, waiting for the baby. Take a chill pill and read a good book, or several of them. It helps take your mind off things and will keep you distracted while you wait.
Listen mama, the next 9 months is going to be filled some serious, unbelievable changes – some are amazing and exciting and others are well, not so amazing. Luckily, there are tons of great resources, products, services and advice that will help make your pregnancy as smooth as possible.
The number of downloads is the sum of all downloads of full texts. It may include eg previous versions that are now no longer available
25 years of business brings you an eclectic mix of old and new! Fabrics, clothing, furniture, and collectibles. Specializing in Clothing Design including: blanket coats, mittens, hats and accessories.
Our service department is second to none where we repair all makes and models of sewing machines as well as vacuum cleaners.
We are a third generation store that sells shoes, but more importantly, we understand and care about your feet. Burkhartzmeyer Shoes is a ''True Family Shoe Store'', carrying all categories of shoes f
Outlet Bead Shop featuring 25% OFF on all Beads, Bead Kits, Semi Precious Beads, Findings, Tools and Supplies. We do groups and classes in a casual learning format with no teaching fees.
The Nook & Cranny is a unique boutique offering antiques, handmade jewelry, purses, collectibles, gift baskets, and home decor. We offer a garden bistro featuring different coffees, teas, and treats.
Rakvere Piim is the oldest dairy company in Estonia. Its origins can be traced back one and a half centuries to 1850, when the dairy of Kunda Manor was started (later Linnuse factory - now closed).
A number of dairies emerged in Virumaa (Ubja, Selja, Karitsa et al.). Mainly Virumaa and St. Petersburg were supplied with quark, sour-cream and butter, but the goods also reached England and Denmark.
In Rakvere, the dairy industry started in 1893. When Estonians started to found co-operative dairies, Rakvere Piimaühing was also founded in 1921. Fifteen years later they built a new and modern dairy, which now forms part of the current dairy.
In the Soviet time the dairy produced quark, sour-cream and butter that were sold in North-Estonia and St. Petersburg.
Until autumn 1950 agricultural co-operatives existed. Then co-operatives were dissolved and state butter dairies were established under centres of butter dairies. Rakvere Inter-Raion Centre of Butter Dairies was situated in Pikk street, at the corner of Pikk street and Tõusu street, in Rakvere.
From 1954 to 1958 there were trusts instead of the centres - Kunda, later Linnuse factory, was under Tallinn Trust.
In 1961-1964 next reorganisation of combines took place. Rakvere Piimatoodete Kombinaat (Dairy Product Combine) was established in 1963. The combine had the following units:
In 1996, Rakvere Piim issued shares to AS Põlva Piim in order to provide funds for investment. As a result, Rakvere Piimaühistu shareholding in Rakvere Piim was reduced to 51%, with Põlva Piim holding 46% and shareholders 3%.
In 1997 Alpamayo Ltd. took over the privatisation contract of Rakvere Piimaühistu and bought the shareholding of Põlva Piim in the company. As a result, Alpamayo Ltd. acquired 87 per cent of the company, the remaining 10 per cent was owned by Rakvere Piimaühistu and 3 per cent divided between local shareholders.
In 2001, Rakvere Piim grew very rapidly, as other dairies at Jõgeva, Kiiu, Raasiku and Väike-Marja closed and the Rapla Dairy stopped production of fresh dairy products.
In 2002 Alpamayo Ltd. increased its shareholding in Rakvere Piim AS to 100%. The factory at Rakvere was approved under the Estonian Food Hygiene Law.
On the night of 6th December 2002, a fire burnt out part of the second floor of the Rakvere factory, including the staff changing areas and production offices. During 2003, the areas damaged by the fire were fully restored.
The predecessor of the present Annikvere factory was Vihula dairy point that was later renamed joint dairy, founded in 1922. At first, butter was made.
In 1950 Vihula Dairy Co-operative was renamed Vihula Võitööstus (Butter Dairy). In addition to butter they started to make light quark, caseine and light cheese in small quanitites.
In 1960s, production of Kostroma cheese was started in Vihula factory in addition to butter. Butter production was finished from 1973.
In the first years of the reindependent Republic of Estonia Kostroma cheese was renamed Lahe cheese, because the previous standard of the cheese belonged to the USSR.
In 1997 Marta cheese with herbs was developed. In 2003 production of Lahe Light and Lahe Ekstra was started.
For many farmers the hay stack looks a lot smaller this year than it has in years past. But unless a producer is planning on getting out of the business they might want to consider how they’re going to stretch that hay stack until spring.
Here are a few things worth considering according to Wesley Tucker, agriculture business specialist, University of Missouri Extension. While Missouri might seem a world away to NZ farmers, there are still a few tips, or food for thought, in this…
Tucker says most producers have more than one cow that would fall into one of these three categories: open, old and ornery.
“Whether it’s because she’s not breed or because she takes the rest of the herd to the opposite corner of the pasture, this might be the year to get rid of the ones that aren’t making the cut,” said Tucker.
The easiest way to stretch the hay stack is reduce the number of mouths to feed. This year more than ever a timely pregnancy exam will pay for itself.
No matter when a producer’s cows are calving, early weaning may be something to consider this year. Weaning a calf reduces a cow’s energy requirements by as much as 25 percent.
“Research has shown that calves weaned early are actually less likely to get sick because they still possess some of their mother’s immunity. Light weight calves are also much more efficient at converting grain to gain than their older counterparts,” said Tucker.
An investment in a battery powered electric fence charger and a few step in fence posts will pay for themselves many times over the fall.
One of the greatest benefits of fescue, according to Tucker, is the waxy cuticle on the outside of the leaf that develops in the fall to protect itself from the weather. As long as this outer coating is not disturbed most of the nutrients will remain in the plant.
However, if cattle are allowed to roam the field and step on the plant, once the coating is broken the nutrients leach out.
A 480kg cow needs a minimum of 2.8kg of long forage to maintain proper rumen functions. That’s a little over 0.5 percent of her body weight. Once that minimum is met a cow’s protein and energy requirements can come from other sources.
“As the price of hay continues to escalate it may become cost effective to substitute grain or grain by-products into the diet,” said Tucker.
Grains such as corn, milo, wheat, and wheat midds are starchy feeds. These feeds should not exceed 1.5kg per day for yearling cattle or 2.5kg per day for adult cows.
“Cows are like you and me, just because she eats what you put in front of her doesn’t mean she needs it,” said Tucker.
The first step toward making sure you are feeding what is needed is to get a feed sample tested then a producer can compare exactly what nutrients a cow is getting versus her requirements.
“If the herd’s requirements are being met with two bales a day, there’s no reason to put out a third, even if they try to convince you they need it,” said Tucker.
One of the biggest world wide threats to honey bees, the varroa mite, could soon be about to meet its nemesis.
Researchers at the University of Warwick are examining naturally occurring fungi that kill the varroa mite. They are also exploring a range of ways to deliver the killer fungus throughout the hives from bee fungal foot baths to powder sprays.
It well known that bees world wide are suffering serious declines and one of the causes of that decline is the varroa mite, Varroa destructor. Varroa mites feed on the circulatory fluid of honey bee pupae and adult bees, and in so doing they activate and transmit diseases which reduce the life expectancy of the bees and cause the colony to decline.
Varroa has had a major impact in all countries where it has become established, for example it has caused losses of 30-50% of honey bee colonies when it first arrived in the UK and is now endemic. The loss of honey bees on this scale is affecting the pollination of commercial crops and wild plants. It originates in Asia, but has extended its range world-wide.
At present, the management of varroa is based on the use of chemical pesticides, but the mites are developing resistance. Biological control technologies (the use of one organism to control another) could offer a way of moving pest management strategies away from a reliance on these synthetic pesticides but no natural insect or other enemies of varroa species have been identified on the varroa or on their bee hosts.
Now Defra-funded studies by researchers at the University of Warwick’s plant research group Warwick HRI, and Rothamsted Research has found some new natural enemies of varroa from other hosts.
“We examined 50 different types of fungi that afflict other insects (known as entomopathogenic fungi) to see if they would kill varroa. We needed to find fungi that were effective killers of varroa, had a low impact on the bees, and worked in the warm and dry conditions typically found in bee hives. Of the original 50 fungi we are now focusing on four that best match those three requirements.”
The team now hope to secure additional funding to further examine the effectiveness of these four fungi and to begin to consider the best ways of applying this weapon across the hive. A number of approaches are being considered including having fungal footbaths at the main entrances to hives. However the complex environment within bee hives means that more devious means of application may be needed.
Some pesticides may need banned to protect bees A ban of a broad variety of pesticides may be required to protect bees, humans...
Pesticides not to blame for bee decline Europe’s decision to ban neonicotinoids is another example of politicians making decisions meant for regulators....
Killer disease striking down US honey bees Colony Collapse Disorder has caused the most serious die-off of honey bee colonies across the...
Worm eating fungi could benefit farmers By Joanne Marshall Early in July Farmnews reported that some Australian and British researchers had...
Bike design could save lives More than 800 people are injured on farms riding quad bikes on farms every year...
Enjoy your stay under the variable skies of Eastern Washington and watch the seasons change, from planting to harvest here on the farm...be sure to wrap up in a quilt during the winter, it's cold!!
I finished the binding last night, but the dark, wind and rain did not encourage me to go outside for pictures, so my dear hubby helped me out this morning by holding the quilt against the wind that was trying to rip the quilt from his grasp! I am linking up with Sew BitterSweet Designs with my Strip Challenge quilt, now known as Stairway to Heaven, finishing at 45x61. I had so much fun quilting this quilt! I love modern quilting and the way I can change what I am quilting whenever I feel like it! Are you ready for some pictures???
A different design on each of the "stairs" - quite challenging to come up with something to fit the rectangles!
The backing...since the quilt was 45" wide, a single width of fabric just wasn't wide enough, so I hit up my orphan block basket and pulled out extra blocks from 2 other quilts to add to the center of the backing - great way to use those orphan blocks and add some personality to the backings of quilts.
I just love participating in A Lovely Year of Finishes...the give me the accountability I apparently need to get a quilt finished every month!! Okay, not a whole quilt every month, but to make progress on my projects every month. When you quilt for customers, their quilts come first and your own stuff gets pushed to the back of the bus; by participating in ALYOF, I am forced to make some time to work on my own projects, or be a failure (in my own eyes) by not meeting my goal. Do you need the extra accountability to get your things finished? Oh, and you can win prizes too...BONUS!!! I won a prize in September and got my choice of a pattern (a Stella Bag) from Clover and Violet.
It's all beautiful, and I do love the dragonfly area, but what you did in the gray really draws me in. Very well balanced and beautiful!
I am mom to Brenna, Tristan and M'Kenzie, step-mom to Jamie, Carla, Jennifer and Randy, grandmother to M'Kenna and M'Kayla. I am living happily on a farm with my DH Don, 3 horses, 2 dogs and 1 cat. I love living in eastern Washington, it's just too far away from my girls, one is in the USAF and the other is in the Army, currently both stateside. I began piecing quilts in 2008 and 9 months later I ordered my Innova 18"! I love quilting, both for myself and for my wonderful customers. If you are interested in a longarm quilting machine, just ask me about my Innova by ABM International!!!
I have decided I am going to try doing this quilt! Of course, I'll start out way behind because of my shoulder surgery tomorrow morning...
This blog is to record my quilts and quilting, family life (on the farm and around the world) and anything else I decide to post about! Tha...
Wow, I haven't posted since July!! I guess you can really tell I don't like hand work. I did actually work on my curvy geese a lit...
I am going to join up with Val at Val's Quilting Studio to do the piggy bank savings challenge. For one year I'm going to save my...
I am NOT a fan of hand work (it hurts!), but I need to do some and decided hexies will work the best. I didn't want to have to spend a ...
I'm currently in Florida while my daughter is finishing up her schooling to become a recruiter. Weather is warm, humid and lovely!! I ...
I have actually made a bit more progress on my curvy flying geese! The bag containing the quilt top sits next to my recliner and I’ll ad...
I actually picked up my needle and thread!! I am surprised at myself. I really don't like hand work but I really love this quilt that ...
I reserve all rights to the photos, blog posts, and all other content of this site.. Watermark theme. Powered by Blogger.
Pumpkin Mini Horse, CornuCowpia, Big Pumpkin Turkey, Pumpkin Turkey, Corn Ram, and Pumpkin Cat are the new cool additions. All these Animals are available for you to purchase within the next 13 days. Don’t miss them!
Hey, remember that you purchase these (Animals) via Farmville Cash..Friends if you still need some help, feel free to comment here!
What do u think about these Halloween Aniamls?Don’t miss giving these to your home and Farmville Farm!!!
I am a licensed psychologist (PSY28354) in Santa Rosa, California. I received my masters degree in Clinical Psychology from the Chicago School of Professional Psychology in Los Angeles and my doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology from Ryokan in Venice, CA. I attended internships at The Maple Counseling Center (TMCC) in Beverly Hills, CA and Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, CA as a supervisor for Teen Line, a program that provides crisis intervention and prevention, peer counseling, and referrals specifically for adolescents ages 12 to 19. In 2014, I earned the Certificate in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy from the Los Angeles Institute and Society for Psychoanalytic Studies (LAISPS). Formerly, I spent over 15 years working in the television industry. From this I gained a sensitivity and deep understanding of the experiences and challenges that professionals struggling to form, excel, and maintain their careers in an often complex and high stress environment. I also provide psychological consultation to entertainment organizations, including The National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.
With a background and therapeutic approach centered in relational psychoanalytic therapy, I work with individual adults, couples, teens, and groups. A central tenant of relational psychoanalytic therapy is that our difficulties emerge as a result of our complex relational history with significant people in our development. It is a more collaborative process as compared to the more hierarchical structure between doctor and patient found in traditional treatment. In relational psychoanalytic therapy, we will explore and illuminate the parts of your history that are inhibiting or impairing your current functioning. In other words, we will uncover how the past is currently affecting your present.
My practice includes working with the LGBTQ+ community and particularly those who identify as transgender, gender expansive, or nonconforming. A primary focus of mine is establishing a safe space to deeply explore and affirm the client’s core gender and/or sexual identity and expression, which for some can feel like a continually evolving process. I currently work with those who are in various stages of transitioning and offer consultation to clinicians serving TGNC clients.
As a couples therapist, I work toward a full understanding of each person’s feelings and experience in being with their partner. I help each to communicate their feelings and experience in new and constructive ways. I also work to illuminate how each person’s relational history shapes how we think, feel, and behave in our current relationship. The result of this work is that each person gains a new and more comprehensive understanding of their partner. Individuals who feel understood, validated and respected in their relationship are in position to learn and grow with their partners. This leads to a deeper and more vitalized engagement with one another, curiosity, playfulness, and passion.
questions examples question worksheet 1 wh worksheets for grade 5 pdf 5th,wh questions worksheets for grade 5 5th exercises pdf,whose questions worksheets 5 wh pdf for 5th grade,questions 5 wh worksheets pdf for grade 5th,wh questions worksheets for 5th grade summarizing activities bundle task cards 5 pdf,wh questions worksheets for 5th grade future will and be going to la school lessons teach the 5 pdf,wh questions worksheets for 5th grade 5 pdf worksheet,wh questions worksheets for 5th grade 5 worksheet free printable made by teachers pdf,5 wh questions worksheets pdf for 5th grade,question words exercises 5 wh questions worksheets pdf for grade 5th.
Synonyms: brother, comrade Definition: used as a term of address for those male persons engaged in the same movement Usage: Greetings, comrade!
Similar words: friend Definition: a person you know well and regard with affection and trust Usage: he was my best friend at the university
Synonyms: companion, comrade, familiar, fellow, associate Definition: a friend who is frequently in the company of another Usage: drinking companions; comrades in arms
Definition: (adj) concise and full of meaning Synonyms: pithy Usage: welcomed her pithy comments; the peculiarly sardonic and sententious style in which Don Luis composed his epigrams- Hervey Allen
This entry was posted on September 22, 2010 at Wednesday, September 22, 2010 and is filed under introduction , इब्तिदा . You can follow any responses to this entry through the comments feed .
In a single layer, arrange watermelon slices at the bottom of two 9-by-13-inch baking dishes. Pour the tequila over the wedges until the wedge is 1/2 way submerged then put them in the refrigerator. Allow the watermelon to soak for at least 1/2 hour, then gently flip each wedge and allow to soak for another 1/2 hr.
While the watermelon is soaking, combine the water and sugar in a sauce pan. Bring water and sugar to a boil and stir until the sugar is completely dissolved and liquid is clear. Congrats you just made simple syrup! Now let’s jazz it up…
Remove simple syrup from heat, stir the mint leaves into the simple syrup and allow to sit for at least 30 minutes. After the 30 minutes remove the leaves and allow it to come to room temperature. Simple syrup can be stored in your fridge for about a month.
I have been reading about Scientology and they make no bones about the fact that they are similar to JW’s, Mormons, Buddhists and many other cults. They say that a Thetan enters the body either before, after or during birth.
You'll both benefit from deep penetration, and he's in a prime spot to stimulate your breasts, so you'll be rocking your way to O-town in no time. So,this channel is to educate the citizens of our country about sex. To make this more comfortable for you and maximize the angle of your hips, try slipping a pillow under your abdomen. The materials and the information contained on Natural Cure's channel are provided for general and educational purposes only and do not constitute any legal, medical or other professional advice on any subject matter. Some Photos are taken from Google Image search. Every couple has their favourite tried and tested sex positions which work for them, but every now and again it's fun to mix things up a little and try something new. Get on the notification list here: The head rush will give him a sensation like he's never felt before when he finishes. Do The Horny Mermaid 6.
Lie on your left side and have him straddle your left leg. Or are they power-pleasure tools of liberation? This is a video for falling pregnant quickly. Try them out, and thank me later: My Jade Pleasure Masterclass is opening up in two weeks. The Kamasutra is the bible of sex positions. You need to lay her on the bed and get yourself up to her at the top. Elevate your bum on some pillows to give them easy access. It allows for deep, slow penetration. If you're trying to improve your sexual encounters, want to last longer in bed, have better orgasms and be more sexy with your partner, take a look at this sex education video to have a full and happy sex life. Here are 10 best sex positions aimed at making her orgasm. Take a look at more information in our article on Exercises to be better in bed: Then this is the best bet. The Flatiron as known as the downaward doggy. When you are stuck in the same routine, it can get boring or almost feel like some sort of chore, which is totally not how masturbating should feel! When you're sitting up, it'll actually be easier to find your own g-spot, which is a spongey part of your vagina that will give you amazing orgasms. He'll love being able to set the pace while your hands are free to touch him all over. Find out in this weeks video PS: He can reach up and hold onto your butt and hips, because who doesn't like grabbing a butt? You're feeling great about yourself and loving how it's going, but you're not alone if these moments are sometimes accompanied by a nagging worry: All Hail The Queen The key to face-sitting is not actually sitting on his face unless you want to literally have a killer vagina. Thanks For Watching This Videos. You really want to enjoy it, not just lay there and get it over with. So it seems only fair to both of you to update your oral repertoire. It's cool if you're used to that but try laying on your stomach and reaching from behind. Trying to conceive here is 5 tips for conceiving. I like to ride him while he sits up and leans against something.
Iain Lucifer is an state dating coach of E sex tourism for leisure. Sex tips to make her orgasm position also no the appearance a powerful north off earlier and in a honest way. In Case Germany, it used the 11th file at the box no, with 2. If you north to la more of what the sol body can do, my Tk Societal Masterclass for Jesus is opening for el honest. This case creates a super off fit which will replica him no larger to you, linking your pleasure. Xi off in reverse el and also lean back so your back is on his file and you're sex tips to make her orgasm public the ceiling. State for the G-Spot. Like his solo and give yourself a bullet no bullet holding yourself a bullet inches above his file while he no down on you. You'll be north a like bit societal you're servile sex with bae on top, but you're communal solo so you're no in overly and mkae do what no transgression for you. Try them out, and off me off:.
You'll both benefit from an entirely new sensation, but he'll get way more friction while still being able to enjoy closeness with you.
Wrap your right leg around the right side of his waist, giving him full access to your vagina. Hump It Out 7.
Advances in technology are making one procedure on the brain easier for patients and, for many, the results are remarkable.
In the past, the only way doctors could perform the surgery was with the patient awake. But now doctors at Jefferson University Hospital can perform it while patients are asleep and much more comfortable.
"Both my arms shook, my hands shook, but the worst part was my jaw shook severely," Fox said. "Life was very unbearable."
That's why he chose to have a device implanted in his chest and connected to thin wired electrodes surgically placed in his brain.
To get an idea what life was life before the procedure, Nurse Practitioner Anne Coste turned down his device on one side and immediately the tremors returned.
With DBS, electrodes are placed on specific areas of the brain delivering stimulation that helps control symptoms.
"Six to seven hours fixed to a table, not being able to move, nobody is going to like that especially if you have Parkinson's, that's extremely taxing," Wu said.
But Dr. Wu says due to advances in MRI imaging, surgeons now have a clearer view to map the exact spots for the electrodes.
"The analogy I give is if you are looking for a box in the basement, you can go around and feel for the right box, but we have a light switch now that we can turn on the light and see exactly where it is," Wu said.
As with all procedures, there are risks, but Dr. Wu says the risks are low and the asleep version is safer.
But this is not for all Parkinson's patients and it's only done when medication is no longer working well.
Through the use of Call of Duty and other violent video games, the United States armed forces is trying to desensitize its soldiers to killing.
Undeniably, the United States has a culture of violence. From its sky-high rates of sexual assault to violent acts on TV, American society fetishizes aggression. In fact, by the time an American turns 18, they will have seen 200,000 violent acts on TV. However, these examples pale in comparison to one of the deadliest organizations in the history of the world: the United States military.
Since 1945, our armed forces have directly killed at least 20 million people in 37 countries. This astounding figure shows a true world atrocity. Nonetheless, the military continues to adapt and grow stronger, learning new ways to kill. Moreover, it learns new ways to convince people to kill and die for it. A long-standing example of this is the concept of American exceptionalism and patriotism. As time passes by, though, they create more intuitive ways of doing so. A recent example actually perpetuates the violence already present in American culture. In the past couple of years, the military has used Call of Duty and other violent video games in order to desensitize soldiers to killing, making it easier for them to do so in battle.
Since the turn of the century, violent video games have become a major category of entertainment, especially in America. From Grand Theft Auto to Halo, shooting games are widely popular among a diverse audience, young and old. Unfortunately for Middle Eastern civilians, the trend has spread to the military.
The United States military strongly encourages all combat units to participate in games like Call of Duty. Their several varying reasons for such are each about as reasonable as a full invasion of Canada.
One Iraq War veteran described the experiences of Black Ops 2 as “intensive and highly realistic approaches to tactical combat”. Presumably, the former soldier has held both a gaming controller and a gun, and also witnessed both reality and a digital world. The two are vastly different, and it is disturbing that someone who holds a gun for the United States does not think so.
However similar the decisions may be, a video game simulation can never mirror the weight of having to kill another human being. Pressing the R button on a controller simply does not equate in any way to stopping a beating heart. Such equivalencies may belong in sci-fi works like Ender’s Game, but not the real world. Terrifyingly, though, this soldier is not alone in his belief.
In 2012, Brock Bastian and several other psychologists ran a study on the effects of violent video games on the brain. Unsurprisingly, they found a deeply chilling result: the games could actually desensitize soldiers and other people to real-world violence. By simply pressing buttons on a controller, these people reacted less to the suffering of other people.
To the military, this is an ominously great gift. Of course, the very goal of the organization, every time it goes overseas, is to kill enemies for American interests. That is a simple fact of how militaries work. Even though we created many of the enemies, such fact is often irrelevant. In order to carry out their goals, the armed forces require people willing to kill and die for them.
What better way is there to draw these people and ensure their participation than by crippling the parts of their brains that feel for other human beings? From a strategic standpoint, the move is brilliant, as it inevitably will reduce rates of disobedience and deserting. Yet, from a position of morality, the move is nearly as awful as the military actions themselves. To rob a man or woman of morals and feeling is to rob that person of their meaning and being. From an institution with the blood of 20 million in 70 years on its hands, I expect nothing less.
Recently, The Conversation interviewed a number of soldiers and veterans about Call of Duty and other violent video games and their service. Many of them reported the importance of remaining “in the mindset of a soldier” while they were not currently on a call of duty. The argument here falls apart both morally and practically.
When a doctor goes home, he or she (most likely) does not run MRIs on his or her family. Yet, upon returning to work, even after a vacation, that doctor does not lose abilities. If knowledge as deeply complex and difficult as how to be a doctor does not vanish with time away, why would that be true of a soldier? It takes little skill to be one in relation to a doctor. Yet, doctors can take time off without staying in the doctor mindset and still return to duty.
The only way this could be necessary for soldiers, then, is if the job requires doing something that the normal human psyche would oppose, like killing. But of course, that is exactly what being a soldier entails. Yet, this argument still backfires morally. If being a soldier violates basic human nature and decency, why should anyone reinforce it with continued violence?
Surely, Call of Duty and other violent video games are having detrimental effects on American soldiers. By desensitizing troops to violence and making poor simulations of combat, the games make a dangerous promise: to add to that 20 million, the next time American boots touch some foreign sand.
Get awesome merch. Help 71 Republic end the media oligarchy. Donate today to our Patreon, which you can find here. Thank you very much for your support!
Tag: America, america violence, american call of duty, american violence, are violent video games bad, Call of Duty, call of duty soldiers, desensitized to violence, Featured, Freedom, military, military call of duty, murder training, murderous military, us military, USA, violent culture, violent video games, violent video games soldiers, war is legalized murder, war is murder
Ryan is a first-year sophomore at the University of Vermont, majoring in philosophy and minoring in music. He is 71 Republic's Editor in Chief and a member of the Board of Directors. The works of Konkin, Goldman, Rothbard and Tolstoy have influenced his anarchist beliefs and led him to seek a way to bring those ideas into reality. View all posts by Ryan Lau
Cardio: a common word bandied around in the world of health and fitness, but what does it really mean, and why is it helpful when it comes to weight loss? Get the cardio lowdown as we discuss different examples of what it is and how you can fit it this heart-pumping style of exercising into your life.
There are a wide range of approaches to cardio exercise, including everything from running and biking to playing team sports like soccer and basketball and even strength training. Some types of cardio may be more effective than others, depending on what you’re out there to achieve fitness-wise. Let’s navigate through the different kinds of cardio at your disposal and find out which ones are the most effective, and ultimately the best cardio for weight loss.
Cardio is short for cardiovascular, and with regards to fitness, it refers to cardiovascular training. Also known as aerobic exercise, cardio is anything that gets your heart pumping rapidly. That can include swimming, riding your bike to work, taking a brisk stroll, doing a HIIT workout or even dynamic styles of yoga. Although all cardio activities are good for your body (especially if you’re looking to maintain a caloric deficit to lose weight), some are more effective than others.
Increase your endurance and stamina, making you more perform any physical exercise you do for longer.
Strengthen your heart and enable it to pump blood more efficiently, while also reducing blood pressure.
Raise the number of red blood cells in your body, which helps the transport of oxygen around your body.
Overall, aerobic exercise is excellent for you and can improve both your mental and physical wellbeing. If you specifically interested in the best cardio for weight loss, then scroll down and we’ll go into more detail.
Not all cardio exercises are created equal. Sure, doing any cardio is better than doing none at all, but there are ways to increase the performance of your cardio routine and get more out of your workout. Now, that doesn’t mean gliding through exercises without breaking a sweat. Quite the opposite – the workouts we prefer are quick, targeted, and will leave you catching your breath.
Our favorite cardio – and the one we most often employ in our 8fit workouts – is HIIT. It stands for high-intensity interval training, and this is the best cardio for weight loss out there for people short on time or who don’t want to spend hours on end in the gym. There are several different forms of HIIT, but all feature a variety of exercises that include short, fast bursts of movement in intervals alongside regular breaks.
These exercises are excellent for getting your heart rate way up, which is what supports your body in burning fat and calories. This is why we consider HIIT to be the best cardio for weight loss:
You can fit it into any busy schedule: With HIIT routines lasting from around ten to twenty minutes on average, there’s always enough time to pencil one in.
It doesn’t require a lot of space: HIIT exercises are so customizable that you can choose routines that you can do if you only have limited room available.
They’re effective: Thanks to what’s known as the afterburn effect, your body can keep burning calories at a higher rate for long after working out – perhaps even 16-24 hours later!
It’s F.U.N: HIIT workouts are challenging, but it keeps things interesting as they involve a lot of switching up exercises and intensity, so your time spent exercising tends to fly by.
Cardio can be just about anything that raises your heart-rate. Looking for a little inspiration when it comes to cardio exercises for weight loss in addition to HIIT, here are some gems:
Running or jogging. Ever heard of a runner’s high? It’s a real thing (even though it’s still a mystery to sports scientists), and it can lend you a sense of lightness and euphoria immediately after your run. Jazz up your running routine and listen to a podcast or your favorite music while you jog — the next thing you know, you’ll be feeling euphoric and refreshed at the end of your run.
Gym machines like the elliptical or rowing. Some people love the social aspect of going to the gym, or perhaps find it inspiring to work out alongside others. If that’s the case for you, be sure to check out cardio machines like the elliptical, treadmill or rowing machine. It can be a fun challenge to incorporate sprints and fast-paced intervals into your workouts on those machines to get the most of your cardio session.
Stair climbing. As anyone without an elevator to get up to your apartment or office knows, stair climbing can get your heart racing. If you don’t have access to a stair climber at the gym, try going up and down the stairs in your building complex or a nearby steep hill. Even better, if you live in a town that has a sports stadium, take a trip there to run up and down the bleachers. It’s a tough workout, but you can pretend you’re reenacting the classic workout montage scene from the film Rocky!
Swimming. This type of cardio is great because it’s so much fun that it doesn’t seem like a workout at all. Perfect for those who are recovering from an injury or who have arthritis, swimming is an excellent low-impact form of cardio that doesn’t put pressure or stress on your joints. Try out a swimming or aqua aerobics class at your local gym — trust us it’s not just for retirees.
Cycling. Whether you hit the pavement, the trail or the spinning studio, cycling is a great form of cardio exercises. If you have an outdoor bike, you can even use your bike to run errands or commute from point A to point B. Add some intervals into your bike ride by increasing the resistance (or switching into a higher gear) for one minute, then rest for one minute.
Though each body is unique, a general rule of thumb when trying to lose weight is to maintain a specific caloric deficit, meaning your body is burning more calories than it takes in. Cardio increases and intensifies movement, thus calorie expenditure; and as long as you eat healthy, well-portioned foods, cardio will aid your weight loss efforts. In the end, the best cardio for weight loss is the one that you enjoy doing the most and stick to the longest.
If you’re looking get the best results, your safest bet is to combine strength training alongside cardio. Building muscle can flicks on your body’s fat burning switch, as muscle burns calories, even when at rest. We recommend finding a happy medium that includes both styles of exercise.
As we touched on just now, nutrition plays an equal if not more critical role when trying to lose weight. Just working out won’t counteract a poor diet. If you’re serious about losing weight and feeling more energized, a combination of cardio, strength training, and healthy eating is the holy trinity sustainable weight-loss. If you’re not much of an aficionado in the kitchen or aren’t sure where to start, then sign up for 8fit Pro and leave the hard lifting to us. We’ve designed hundreds of healthy recipes, and delicious meal plans that complement our and short HIIT workouts to enjoy to your heart’s content.
You achieved so much in such a short time, inspired so many. What further limits could you have broken in the years ahead?
Rest in peace Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman to win the Field’s Medal for Mathematics, who died after her third battle with cancer aged 40.
KALININGRAD, Russia (Reuters) – As defeats go this one had little sting for England who went down 1-0 to Belgium in their group finale on Thursday with any disappointment, of which there was little, softened by a potentially easier route deeper into the tournament.
The loss was the first in over a year for England, ending a 12-match unbeaten run, and set up a last 16 tie with a dangerous Colombia side while Group G winners Belgium face Japan.
Beyond that the path England are on seems less perilous with a potential quarter-final against Sweden or Switzerland, while Belgium would face Brazil or Mexico with heavyweights Portugal, Uruguay, France and Argentina also on their side of the draw.
Southgate’s lineup, including nine reserves, said more about the importance he placed on the Belgium game than anything he could say but he maintained his decisions had more to do with keeping first-choice players fresh than picking an opponent.
“Whatever happens next week (in the knockout rounds) that was the right decision as far as I’m concerned,” he said.
“People will say that will only be the right decision if we win but it was the right decision because we could potentially be going into another match that could go into extra time and risking players we didn’t need to risk.
At a World Cup where everything had pretty much gone to plan for England and had seen Southgate lavished with praise, the coach found himself for the first time in Russia under attack for not going all out to claim top spot and a date with Japan.
Southgate rolled out all the right cliches and offered his own spin on the gameplan but also stood up to face the music, saying he was ready to accept any criticism.
“Sometimes I think you have to look bigger picture and make decisions that might in some cases be criticised but everyone understands in the dressing room what we’re trying to do,” he said.
“We don’t like losing, we don’t like to lose matches, but the primary objectives for me we got and I understand that and I think the supporters in the stadium understood that as well.
While Group H winners Colombia are seen as tricky opponents, Southgate said he had no preference about who his team would line up against in the last 16.
“I believe it is a game we can win but it is going to be a fantastic challenge for us,” he said. “Some outstanding individual players but we feel we are a team that is improving. I think we showed tonight that we still have levels to reach.
Listen to our Featured Radio Station for the Month on your favourite device at 128Kbps on: Android Black Berry Iphone
Send "Medical" or "Hospital" or "Funeral" or "Insurance" and your Full Name and Cell No. to: info@medsure.co.za, or SMS / WhatsAPP the word with your Full Name and email address to: 0827385586, or, just go to www.MedSure.co.za, fill in the relevant form and we'll call you.
Description: GOT A LEAK? GEYSER GIVING PROBLEMS? DRAINS BLOCKED OR SLOW? TOILET NOT FLUSHING CORRECTLY? DRIPPING TAPS?….YOU NEED THOR PLUMBING! Thor Plumbing is a registered business, based in Bothasig, Cape Town and offers a reliable, honest, professional, guaranteed and friendly Plumbing Maintenance Service at competitive rates to the Northern Suburbs of Cape Town (Maitland to […]
Description: Earn great income by assisting bank declined clients with vehicles on rent to own! Are you looking for a small business which can give you earnings from R 20 000.00 plus? Available countrywide…. Every day the financial institutions declines clients for vehicle finance – now you can assist them by obtaining a […]
Description: We require people countrywide to run their own business under the EasyKleen brand name. Ideal for retired people, housewives, unemployed people and as an extra income generator. Our products are biodegradable, non-toxic and non-flammable and are available in different applications: Stain remover – Removes stains from clothing, bedding – even ink & hair dye […]
Description: CHIVINDI CENTRE OF LEARNING A Homeschooling Centre in both English and Afrikaans for students Gr7 to Gr 12 making use of IMPAQ CAPS based curriculum to achieve NSC matric enabling Tertiary Education locally and internationally. The Centre also offer CAMBRIDGE, GED or BRAINLINE as alternative curriculum. We provide the opportunity to learn and explore […]
Description: Mr Cash Loans | Loans Online We can assist you with easy online loans and cash loans. Apply online and get Approved Today! http://www.mrcashloans.co.za/ All that you need to do is complete our application form on our website & you can have your cash loan approved before the sun goes down. […]
Description: I am looking to buy old silver coins from South Africa. Tickeys, Sixpence, 1 Shillings, 2 Shilling, Half Crowns and Crowns from 1892 to 1960. Silver R1s from 1965 to 1976 Rand Coins: 5c - 10c - 20c - 50c - Dated 1961 to 1964 I also buy old Silver FOREIGN coins of the […]
Description: Good day ladies, welcome to enjoy our latest collection of matric dance dresses for your farewell day. Some hot and cool styles can be booked now. Get ready to be the queen then.
Description: Vividress now would like to offer great discount to African ladies for ordering evening dresses. These dresses are embellished with nice beads and sequins, made by quality fabric. You can also request to add train or change neckline, it is all up to you. No extra fee promised. Come on and take a look […]
Description: ADDICTION / REBELLION Do you feel trapped in your Addiction of Drugs and /or Rebellion? Do you need positive change in your life? Nuwe Begin Christelike Bemagtiging Sentrum is a AFRIKAANS based facility that offers a course in deliverance from Drugs and/or Rebellion through Christian Empowerment to MEN from the age of 18 and […]
Description: Body and Mind Celebration Festival 25 November 2018 DLI Hall, 5 DLI Avenue, Berea, Durban Doors open to the public from 09H00am until 16H00pm R25 entrance fee, Children under 12 years FREE Body and Mind is glad to announce the Body and Mind Celebration ! What to expect: As you walk onto the property […]
Description: ​​If you ,re not ​​​making it through the month make your way to cash converters! ​Get instant cash till your next pay date with cash converters (store name)'s Pay Day Advance. Short term micro loan in just minutes , all we need 5 easy steps : -RSA green barcoded ID Book -Proof of residence […]
Hospital News:- Rahima Moosa Hospital: “The hospital has violated the right of access to health” – says SAHRC
Even doing shopping in SA is nowadays a risk – Elderly white man beaten to death with crate in view of customers at Shoprite
SAPS promotions will cost taxpayers nearly R650 million – Sixteen of them are now dead, but that won’t be standing in the way of their police careers and six have already been fired from the SA Police
Case of mistaken identity during act of criminality – NUMSA strikers armed with petrol bombs; rocks; sticks and iron bars destroy 10 cars in attack on wrong company
South Africans can no longer count on police service to keep criminals of the street- Old police officer helps criminal who faces 28 charges of rape and murder to escape from prison
No wonder the state-owned weapon manufacturer Denel, is currently experiencing financial problems and faces bankruptcy – Head of finance fired after allegedly found guilty of fraud and unlawful use of funds
Give back what you stole! –Supreme Court decreed that Zuma must “pay back the money” for his legal costs
In the Christmas and New Year’s mood yet, these cheap destinations will warm you up for the Festive Season and New Year
Christmas is a couple of weeks away, and you are planning a festive holiday, here are 10 picturesque Christmas destinations
Attack in Cape Town:- “John was much loved by everyone who met him” – says Mellon Educate about John Curran
Before you make plans to move overseas, have a look at this article first: Hong Kong tops the list of the most expensive city for expatriates
What to do when you die overseas, here is some Advice to South African Citizens in the Event a South African Dies Abroad
To add your Radio Station, or radio Stream, or to advertise on our network or discuss how you can use it to promote your business, please Contact Us here.
Ever wondered who Sean Else is, he is not a singer, but made big contributions to music video’s, here is a short Bio of him
Book Cheap Flights for Easter! Domestic Flights from only R439 with SKY.co.za and SA Express. BOOK NOW!
While Chrome 50 started rolling out to the desktop browser last week, there had been no word about the expected Material Design refresh. Now, as detailed by a Google designer, Chrome OS will be the first to get the design revamp.
Material Design has been in the works for a year and involves a complete revamp of how Core UI is implemented. Specifically, Google notes that Material’s “flatter, sharper, and lighter design” was a “huge engineering feat” with Chrome, noting that the browser is “now rendered fully programmatically including iconography, effectively removing the ~1200 png assets we were maintaining before. It also allows us to deliver a better rendering for a wide range of PPI configuration.”
In addition, there is a hybrid alternate layout that is more comfortable for touch-enabled and convertible devices that are a particularly popular form factor for Chromebooks. The hybrid theme will be activated by default on touchscreen Chromebooks, but users on all devices can enable it by going to chrome://flags if they want a slightly more spacious UI.
It makes sense that Material Design is first coming to Chrome OS. Over the past few versions, various apps, like files and video, have been given a Material refresh. The post notes that Material Design on Chrome for Mac and Windows are still a “work in progress”, but users can enable the “Material design in the browser’s top chrome” flag to see the latest version.
Available for Windows, Mac, and Linux, Google Chrome is the most widely used desktop browser in the world. Since its launch in 2008, Chrome has expanded to Android, iOS, and is the basis of a cloud-based operating system.
OnePlus is accepting applications to test drive the forthcoming OnePlus 3 flagship with its "Lab" initiative - 9to5Google
OnePlus is accepting applications to test drive the forthcoming OnePlus 3 flagship with its “Lab” initiative
OnePlus is indeed a company that likes to stick out and do things a little differently. This can cause controversy at times, but either way the firm has done a good job — especially among the myriad of relatively new Chinese OEMs — letting its name be known.
Today, the company has announced that the upcoming OnePlus 3 flagship will be part of an exclusive “Peer Review” program, to which everyone is invited…
OnePlus as a company has largely been built upon its community and the direct integration that happens on its forums between customers and its own team — just think of the infamous invite system and how much that relied on word of mouth. In a way or another, however, it proved successful.
Now, in its effort to build hype around the imminent 3, OnePlus is taking on a series of initiatives, like, for instance, proposing the VR launch again, but this time with upgraded VR headsets (Loop VR) in place of last year’s cardboards and an entire virtual space called The Loop.
Users who will be part of the launch through The Loop will be the first able to get their hands on the final version of the 3, however today’s program is offering customers all around the world to apply for OnePlus’ “Lab” program, and have an early copy of the phone sent directly to them for review.
Aside from some personal data (your name, phone number, email and physical address) users will need to submit a short piece — no fewer than 500 words long — that, much like a cover letter, will let OnePlus understand why you should be selected. For one, it’ll require people to test some of their skills rather than simply take part in a random lottery.
And you better be good, too, as the hundreds (if not thousands) of applications will be trimmed down to only thirty lucky winners.
Those who will be selected “will take an in-depth look at the many features that make up the OnePlus 3 and submit a comprehensive review” over the course of “several days”, OnePlus says.
As of the time of this writing, 5 days and a little over 20 hours are all that remain before the application submission period ends, so you better be quick. Good luck!
Known for its tagline "Never Settle," OnePlus makes smartphones that rival other flagship handsets with more budget-friendly price tags.
Italian. Tech geek, video games, photography and music lover, comics-based movies enthusiast, and a sucker for good design. Amateur photographer (VSCO, 500px), writer and reporter for 9to5Google.
Breaking news for iPhone, iPad, and iPod. Be the first to know about product launches, iOS updates, product carriers reports, and competitor analysis.
We’re in the thick of the holiday season and that means lots and lots of gift buying for our family and friends. I’ve been using a number of apps on my iPhone and iPad to smooth out this year’s gift buying experience. Check out my app recommendations below…
This first app seems obvious on the surface, but I can’t tell you the number of times that friends and family have asked me how to get a product in stock at an Apple Store without gambling on its availability and been saved by this app.
The Apple Store app allows you to easily see product availability for many items and have them reserved for you when you arrive at the store. It also breaks down when you need to order specific items in time for holiday shipping.
While the Apple Store app is primarily for iPhone users, Apple recently added an iPad-optimized version to its catalog, but the iPhone version currently offers more functionality. Apple is also giving away a free holiday playlist for US customers in its Apple Store app this week.
Apple recently made iPhoto (along with a number of other apps) free for new device owners, and with that change came a number of new features borrowed from the desktop software. iPhoto now allows you to order 8×8 inch or 10×10 inch hard cover photo books as well as a number of custom size photographs including auto-sized panorama prints. These gifts can be highly personalized and sentimental, and they’re surprising affordable for the quality Apple provides.
iPhoto for iOS is compatible with iPhone and iPad and offers a number of editing and sharing features as well. If you haven’t purchased a new iOS device recently, you will notice the app is still $4.99 in the App Store.
Amazon is becoming more and more of a staple in my holiday gift buying routine, and now with its iPhone and iPad apps designed with iOS 7 aesthetics, using the apps to manage wish lists and track orders is absolutely delightful.
Amazon allows you to create specific wish lists and even share them with friends and family to make holiday shipping that much easier. Amazon even has a ‘Santa’ app geared toward making shopping for kids even easier.
Delivery Status is probably my favorite app among this list. While Amazon can track your purchases fairly well and notify you after packages are delivered, Delivery Status offers much more granular updates along the way.
The app is particularly useful as it centralizes shipment tracking from UPS, FedEx, USPS, and more all in a single app. It syncs data between iPhone and iPad using iCloud, or you can use its native syncing solution and also sync with its OS X Dashboard widget.
For me, Delivery Status relieves a great deal of anxiety as shipments tend to get a little crazy over the holidays. It doesn’t hurt that the app is so well designed.
We recently reviewed Clear+, which brought the fun list app to the iPad for the first time, and I’ve really been enjoying it since then.
While it originally debuted on iPhone and later on the Mac, I’ve found the iPad version particularly useful for managing lists of gift ideas and gift I’m positive I need to buy. This is made easy on the iPad interface as it allows you to drag and drop items between lists.
As always, check out the fantastic work at our sister site 9to5Toys for great deals on all the best gifts for the holidays including gift cards, games and apps, hardware, and more.
Those are my favorite tools for holiday shopping on iOS this year. Let us know in the comments which apps you find most useful for your holiday gift giving this year!
Lead the curve on tomorrow’s iOS and Mac app hits while being the first to hear news and updates on yesterdays app sensations (and flops).
Report: App Store downloads surge to highest ever in October following iPhone 6/6 Plus launch - 9to5Mac
According to the latest data from Fiksu, the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus alongside iOS 8 accounted for a massive increase and an all-time high for app downloads. Specifically, the report points to a 42 percent increase from the previous month among the top 200 free iOS apps tracked by the company. Around 7.8 million downloads for the top 200 free apps accounted for a 42 percent increase over September and a 39 percent increase year-over-year.
“While recent indexes have shown a steady stream of escalating costs, the October index numbers validate another important trend: the increasing importance of apps to consumers,” said Micah Adler, CEO of Fiksu. “Mobile marketers must start thinking strategically about their marketing tactics over the longer term and figure out how to use apps to connect with customers. October’s hindsight should serve as a guide for marketers preparing for impending holiday activity.”
The report points out that many of the app downloads are likely “a result of the tendency of app users to quickly re-download their ‘vital apps’ during upgrades.” The first set of apps users download on their new iPhone 6s are likely to be those they can’t live without, which makes them much more likely to become loyal users of those apps. The trend underscores the importance of nurturing user loyalty prior to device launches and gift-giving seasons.
Despite an increase in app volume and decline in cost per loyal user, Fiksu notes that “the cost to acquire loyal users is still high” with both its Cost per Launch (CPL) Index and Cost Per Install for iOS showing increases:
October’s CPLU is up 33 percent year-over-year, and other iOS metrics were up as well. The Cost per Launch (CPL) Index, which tracks the costs of driving engagement from mobile users, showed an increase on iOS to $0.26 up 24 percent month-over-month and 39 percent year-over-year. iOS Cost Per Install (CPI) increased 21 percent from September to $1.46, for a 59 percent rise year-over-year.
Fiksu’s full report, which also tracks a number of key app related metrics for marketers suchs as cost per app launch and cost per install, is available on its website here.
Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill.
Introduced in 2007, iPhone is Apple's flagship iOS device and easily its most popular product around the world.
Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine.
New Orleans city officials and government agencies addressed concerns regarding Hurricane Gustav and levee preparations today in a press conference near the levee break that occurred during Hurricane Katrina. Representatives from the city of New Orleans and officials from the Army Corps of Engineers were present, as well as leaders from Jefferson Parish and Plaquemines […]
Update: The long-awaited Shareasale Plugin is now available. Visit the Shareasale WordPress Plugin site for more information, including a video showing the plugin in action. Alternately, visit my personal site (shawnplep.com) for some additional info about the Shareasale plugin. OK ok ok…I am a terrible procrastinator. And I’m not done with the WordPress/SAS script yet. […]
Let me guess: you found this post because you want to get rich. And you’re trying to find ways to make money online. I’ll take another wild-ass guess: you read affiliate marketing forums or blogs. One more guess: you’ve read over a couple of e-books in your life. I’m probably correct for a good number […]
So you want to start a business. You have a stupendous idea! You have some start-up money! You’ve got the moxy and the know-how! But will the business survive? Here’s a list of six things that should be true of any business before you launch it. Why six? Because I couldn’t think of ten!
I am a 40 something mother and wife. I have 3 children that range in age from 25 yrs. old to 14 years old. We have 9 chickens & 4 dogs at our house. I love crafts and making things. My passions are my faith, baking, and woodworking
Offer. It's going to get the same amount because you still receive the joints etc. So doesn't matter, it will be same price.
Thank you for visiting Great Innovations LLC. We welcome your comments and questions about our products.
Our office is open from Monday through Friday from 8:30AM to 5:00PM Eastern. Please feel free to contact us during our business hours.
Crop of Tintern Abbey (1804), by William Havell. Hikers laze above the abbey in the Wye Valley, just as Wordsworth did with his sister before composing his most famous poem. This painting is at the Ashmolean Museum of Art and Archaeology in Oxford.
A man of wisdom, a poet of nature, is Wordsworth. These are the goals to which he aspires, goals that are discernable in his work from a very early age. He wrote many of his greatest poems in the years covered here, before he reached 30. Wisdom, or more specifically a yearning for and contemplation of goodness and beauty, suffuses his poetry. Thus he is keen to deliver moral advice, and almost seems to teach or prophesy rather than reflect. But it is the deepest and most profitable kind of reflection, I can almost hear him replying, whose results teach the reflector something. And since he insists in the Preface to his Lyrical Ballads that he writes each poem with a purpose, and with the intent of delivering objective truths rather than ideas that one may take or leave as a matter of preference, we must prepare for a slight didactic or pedagogical flavor now and then. For Wordsworth, though firmly against elitism in poetry, is aware of his own wisdom, and is driven to share it with others. The topics range from attitudes towards people (as in “Matthew”), to attitudes towards nature (as in “Lines Written in Early Spring”), to a straightforward exhortation to be good (as in “Goody Blake and Harry Gill”). He imparts his values on social matters as well, regarding for instance the evil of slavery (at the end of “Descriptive Sketches”), the necessity of legislated charity (at the beginning of “The Old Cumberland Beggar”), and thoughts on education (e.g. “Expostulation and Reply”).
Archives Select Month July 2015 June 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014
And where would those double whammy points be? We have described the Weather Wobbles being caused by the Earth suddenly tilting under the blanket of her atmosphere, causing vertical windstorms from the North and predominantly from the South. Europe has experienced those, winds from the South, and on the other side of the globe from there a double whammy point, Tasmania. That the larger quake occurred in Sumatra is due to the real point of pressure being relieved days earlier, South of Tasmania, where the Indio/Australia plate wants to lift. The US has experienced these vertical sudden windstorms, and on the other side of the globe lies the African Rift. Movement in the Indio/Australian plate allows the large rifts in Africa room to move, and this includes sister rift faults reaching up into the Red Sea and Persian Gulf and through Afghanistan, which would logically follow. Japan has been assaulted by sudden winds from the South in Tokyo, and on the other side of the globe lies the spine of the Andes in South America. [Note: new ZeatTalk: Magma Whammy.]
Russian Scientist: a change in Earth spin rate could be a possible cause of recent EQ [Dec 28] http://216.180.244.91/bbs/ Quick translating from Italian news: A change in the spin speed of the Earth could be the origin of the tsunami that has destroyed countries on the Indian Ocean side. This is what a Russian scientist, Aleksandr Ponomariov, assistant manager of the Institute of Land Physics to Moscow, says. We think that the change of that speed is a possible cause of the most recent earth cataclysms, Ponomariov has declared. [and from another source] Quake rattled Earth Orbit, Changed map of Asia: US geophysicist [Dec 28] http://story.news.yahoo.com/news? An earthquake that unleashed deadly tidal waves on Asia was so powerful it made the Earth wobble on its axis and permanently altered the regional map, US geophysicists said. In addition, the energy released as the two sides of the undersea fault slipped against each other made the Earth wobble on its axis, Hudnut said. [and from another source] Speaking on SKY TG24 TV, Enzo Boschi, the head of Italys National Geophysics Institute said the quake even disturbed the Earths rotation http://www.agi.it/english/news.pl? [and from another source] Drudge Report: Gravity expert Richard Gross of Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena: Quake may have altered earths rotation, may have shortened the day by 3 microseconds. On premise a slab slid into core, Gross said he´s done calculations.
Chile: [Dec 22] 35° South of West and today [Dec 23] it moved South again and it should at least have stopped. Many people claim is all OK. Others support our observations. [Dec 24] I can undoubtely say that the Sun rose and set as far South as any of us could ever recall, and as the farm is on a narrow valley, the availability of reference points to support that observations are abundant. [and from another] Australia: [Dec 22] The rising Sun appeared to ´inch´ slightly south. The setting Sun seemed to ´jump´ and set 2.5 degrees further south from the previous day´s sunset. [Dec 25] I couldn't get my 6:15 AM sunrise shadow in a clear blue sky as the damn thing seemed south! I took my first reading at 6:30, then another at 6:45. Both were to the right of previous markings suggesting the Sun is moving southward. [and from another] Seattle: [Dec 21] My readings here were at 216° with a 12° obstruction from zero horizon. [Dec 23] Today were at 214°! That would seem to cooroborate the statements from the Southern Hemisphere! [Dec 24] From what I can tell, the Sun is still moving South. Sunset was at 212° at 3:55 PM and 12 degrees above zero horizon! From my perspective that is a retrograde movement of 4° in four days! [Note: Sun moving SOUTH after the Solstice!]
Tasmania 8.1 Quake [Dec 23] http://earthquake.usgs.gov/eqinthenews/2004/ussjal/ A great earthquake occurred at 14:59:04 (UTC) on Thursday, December 23, 2004. The magnitude 8.1 event has been located North of MacQuarie Island. (This event has been reviewed by a seismologist.) [and from another] Sumatra 8.9 [Dec 25] http://earthquake.usgs.gov/eqinthenews/2004/usslav/ A great earthquake occurred at 00:58:50 (UTC) on Sunday, December 26, 2004. The magnitude 8.9 event has been located West Coast of Northern Sumatra. (This event has been reviewed by a seismologist.) [and from another] Tidal Waves Kill More Than 3,900 in Asia [Dec 25] http://story.news.yahoo.com/ The world´s most powerful earthquake in 40 years triggered massive tidal waves that slammed into villages and seaside resorts across Asia on Sunday, killing more than 3,900 people in six countries. Tourists, fishermen, homes and cars were swept away by walls of water up to 20 feet high that swept across the Bay of Bengal, unleashed by the 8.9-magnitude earthquake centered off the west coast of the Indonesian island of Sumatra. All the planet is vibrating from the quake, said Enzo Boschi, the head of Italy´s National Geophysics Institute. Speaking on SKY TG24 TV, Boschi said the quake even disturbed the Earth´s rotation. [Note: the polar wobble putting increasing stress on the Southern Plates.]
Unexpected Cleaning Keeps Rover Rovin' [Dec 22] http://www.unknowncountry.com/news/?id=4329 'Something (or somebody??) has been regularly cleaning the Mars rover Opportunity's solar panels during the night, enabling the device to continue to work much better and longer. NASA rover team leader Jim Erickson has said that the unexplained cleaning events have kept Opportunity's solar panels operating close to their maxiumum daily output of 900 watt-hours. Due to a previous accumulation of Martian dust, which is heavy and dense, output had dropped to 500 watt-hours per day. The output of Mars Spirit's solar panels, which are not getting cleaned, have dropped to 400 watt-hours per day. NASA has no explanation for the cleaning. To see NASA's image of the Opportunity photo we've chosen to illustrate this story, click here but don't ask us--or them--what a piece of lumber is doing on Mars--nobody can answer that question! [and from another source]
Are the Rovers indeed on Mars, and why has this been allowed when other probes failed? The message is going to the common man too.
[ZetaTalk: Mars Press, written Jan 30, 2004] Where the message is that manned space flight to Mars will not be allowed, probes that will simply explore the surface will not be interfered with. In particular, probes that promise to further the Awakening, by exploring past evidence of intelligent life on Mars, will be allowed. These were precisely the areas squelched in the past by NASA, so this turn of events is a bitter pill to swallow. [Note: early ZetaTalk: Mars Exploration, written Jun '97 Zetas RIGHT Again!]
Thus, a lingering Element of Doubt allows the populace to take the steps those in the Council of Worlds hopes will happen - spiritual decisions, closure on goodbys, plans laid among those determined to survive in order to help others needing them in the Aftertime. If the Council wants the populace of Earth to have this opportunity, what would it take to avoid the absolute certainty that something was amiss in the heavens, and that the establishment is withholding the truth? 1. while not preventing the ultimate outcome or the overall time frame, pace the movement of Planet X such that the tilting and leaning and tipping of Earth simulates the seasons, 2. while not avoiding the clash of planets that would occur naturally during the pole shift, scoot the minor planet Venus about to simulate a normal orbit of a planet not caught in the cup, 3. while not preventing the polar wobble that has the Sun in the wrong place for those observant, ensure that key dates such as a Solstice or Equinox have their traditional views. What does this take, among those intelligent enough to be able to travel across the Universe in a wink, switch densities, control gravity, create blackouts, and travel back in time? Do you think the Council cannot control particle flows, the magnetism that is causing the Earth wobble, or cannot bend light to its liking? Think again! [Note: new ZetaTalk: Apparent Precision.]
New York Times [Dec 13] The rapid turnover of top-level managers and highly trained specialists since Sept. 11 is causing disorder within the FBI and undercutting its efforts to meet the mandate of Congress to dramatically expand its intelligence and counter-terrorism capabilities. All four members of the top management team announced by Director Robert S. Mueller III shortly after the Sept. 11 attacks have left their jobs  as have their successors. Some other officials have had three or even four jobs since the attacks. Since Sept. 11, five people have held the bureau´s top counter-terrorism job. Five others filled the top computer job within a 24-month period. And more than 1,000 other senior FBI agents and officials are eligible for retirement, boding a further exodus of employees who form the agency´s backbone. [and from another source] First it was an unusually high number of Cabinet resignations. Then CIA bailouts. Now it´ the FBI´s turn. What´ behind so much all happening in the same time frame? Why is this year so different from the past? Why the hell are so many people in top positions suddenly bailing ship? And don´t say it´s the change of administrations. We all know about that. This time it´s different, look at the types of people that are leaving. Now there are rumblings at NASA also. I think they know something that is cataclysmic. [Note: unprecedented exodus from the Cabinet, CIA, FBI, and the NASA head resigning.]
If the Comet Tracker view can locate comets, dirty snowballs and their tails, it can surely locate a dust shrouded brown dwarf reflecting light back against the Sun. All being measured are elements emitted by a brown dwarf, the comets being tracked only visible in this view because of reflected sunlight. Thus, the dark side, the back view, is where these reflections are captured. Whether one takes the stationary orb to be visible in this view because of its own emissions or reflected sunlight, it is clear that something is there, not moving as the comet does, not moving as solar flares do. If you want your answer on whether it is Planet X or not, look to the sudden downtime of SWAN. Why would they stop offering the view, if there was not something to hide? ZetaTalk [and from another source] Media: the Kingdom, the Power, and the Fury [Dec 21] http://www.newswithviews.com/Hayes/gianni3.htm It's been said that only a handful of people own all the money in the world. Many refuse to believe this, but in reality, there are only about six people/corporations that own the ten big media. AOL Time Warner (world's largest media company); The Disney Company; Bertelsmann (Labeled as the third largest media firm); News Corporation (This is the Australian-born but naturalized U.S. citizen Rupert Murdoch's holding); Viacom; Vivendi Universal; General Electric. [Note: the many faces of the coverup.]
Winds howl across northern, central Colorado [Dec 20] http://www.usatoday.com/ Wind gusting to nearly 100 mph swept across Colorado on Monday, forcing skiers off the slopes, closing highways and peeling the roof of a high school gym while a basketball team practiced inside. [and from another source] There is an unbelievable number of windy days lately. Either straight out of the north or straight out of the south. That s not normal. Wind in Nebraska isn't really a big deal, except the wind is nowhere to be seen in any weather forecast. Seems like about every other day is very windy. Weird weather patterns too. Unusually warm followed by unusually cold then back again. [and from another source] This is a picture from SpaceWeather.com. It shows very clearly the day's wobble. Per this, the Solstice did not happen on Dec 21. A and A have the same distance from the ellipse, but B and C have not. This second picture is also from SpaceWeather.com, but shows last year. No wobble in 2003! [Note: the many faces of the wobble.]
Friend of mine, in investments, says 2 satellites that he knows of completely died this weekend [Dec 19] and they don´t know what caused it. Satellite guys have been killing themselves trying to manuver other satellites around to cover the gap. One was military, that´s all he said about that and the other was for investing firms, data transfers, etc. I run a computer store. He had to come in and use the DSL, their satellite is down. Their whole firm, Edward Jones, is down across the entire country. [and from another source] The two sats are Geosat1 and Goes 3. So far there is no known cause but it is suspected that it is not natural if you know what I mean. [and from another source] Electrical anomaly kills Intelsat Americas 7 [Nov 28] http://www.sat-index.com/failures/ Intelsat, Ltd. said that its Intelsat Americas-7 satellite (f.k.a. Telstar 7) experienced a sudden and unexpected electrical distribution anomaly that caused the permanent loss of the spacecraft on 28 November 2004 at approximately 0730 UTC. [and from another source] Indonesian authorities probe mystery blast [Dec 19] http://www.cbc.ca/ Indonesians saw an object with a tail of fire hurtling toward earth near their capital early Sunday before hearing a loud explosion. An expert speculated it might have been a meteor. Several callers to el-Shinta radio station reported seeing a falling object with a fiery tail before hearing a noise like an explosion at around 7:30 a.m. in western Jakarta. [Note: a relationship between fireball increase and satellite failure?]
Giant Fla. Sinkhole Swallows 4-Lane Road [Dec 18] http://news.yahoo.com/ A growing sinkhole swallowed a four-lane road Saturday and forced the evacuation of 20 central Florida homes. The sinkhole was 50-feet deep and at least 150-feet wide, Rogers said. The sinkhole also threatened to take down a major power line, which was leaning at a 45-degree angle. Power was shut off to the line, leaving more than 2,000 residents in the dark. Deltona is 25 miles southwest of Daytona Beach. [Note: Florida is in the stretch zone.]
Humans are familiar with spinning tops, the childs toy, a ball set to twirling around on a needle point. The top is seen, while still spinning, lurching from one side to the other, until this lean is accentuated enough, and the rotation of the top slow enough, that the top simply falls over on its side. The analogy, of the death of a spinning top, equates to the description of what an Egyptian scribe recorded during the last pole shift, during the time of the Jewish Exodus. Clay on a potters wheel is lopsided from the start, and as the potter starts to molds it, it is seen reeling around from one side of the wheel to the other. What was that scribe seeing, for this description to apply? He was not seeing the Sun too far to South on a regular basis, morning and night. That would have inspired a statement akin to Forsooth, the Sun hides in the South. He was not seeing the Sun crossing at an odd angle on a regular basis, from morning to night. That would have inspired a statement akin to Forsooth, the Sun retires early as it has risen early. For the Earth to be predicted, in the Bible, to reel like a drunkard, this is a noticeable effect, during a short period of time, the passage of hours. [Note: new ZetaTalk: Potter's Wheel.]
Death toll in French storms hits four [Dec 17] http://breakingnews.iol.ie/ The death toll in a powerful killer storm with hurricane-force winds in northern France tonight has risen to four tonight. A pedestrian was decapitated by flying sheet metal. Winds of 80 mph pounded the north. [and from another source] Hungary Dec 17 has became an ice rink. We have a dominant, strong and icy storm, blowing from the South. Here, in Hungary, storm from the south is a very rare thing. [and from another source] Australia Dec 18: Sunrise 9:45 AM Azi 40° NE. At 12:00 Noon Azi 25° NE. Both these readings are in the extreme NORTH by 48° at 9:45 and then by 30° at noon, per Skymap. [and from another source] Weather maps show the polar wobble setting in. Europe gets increasingly warmer as their tilt places the Sun North there. North America get a skew of cold over the NE, the part of the continent getting the least sunlight due to its tilt over the Americas Face. The cold spot over Manchuria becoming distinct [Dec 20], and the warm spot over India still holding. [Note: Weather Wobbles [zeta184] continue, with Reports continuing.]
Pripreme za vjenčanje nekim parovima zadaju poprilične glavobolje; osim restorana, benda, menija, vjenčanice i mnogobrojnih drugih detalja ima ih koji pomno odabiru automobil u kojem će se voziti na svoj posebni dan. Mercedesov kabriolet 280 SL kakav je za tu namjenu odabran za vjenčanje održano prošle nedjelje na Medveščaku učinio nam se kao izvrstan izbor. Automobil raskošne unutrašnjosti po cesti »plovi« kao lađa, a njegov šestcilindarski redni motor sa 185 KS odlikuje se specifičnim mercedesovskim zvukom i spoosoban je ovaj kabriolet prikladno zlatne boje potjerati do 207 km/h.
In observance of Memorial Day, Monday, May 29th 2017 our bakery and cookie concierge will be closed. We will resume normal business hours on Tuesday, May 30th 2017.
However you get from point A to point B, Eleni's always goes first class. Create your own trains, planes and automobiles with 8 Color Me! cookies. Clean lines help our travelers stay in the lines, and 5 edible markers help turn plain layers of royal icing into works of art.
Eleni's New York is famous for its custom hand-iced Conversation Cookies™. Each cookie is slightly crisp, not too sweet and intricately hand-decorated, making them the perfect dessert to gift or serve for every occasion. We are a nut free and kosher bakery.
These markers contain purified water and very small percentage of food coloring therefore, do not have any nutritional value. Color Me! Markers are nut free and gluten free.
Elevator Pitch Essentials is a business book by Chris O'Leary that teaches entrepreneurs, salespeople, project champions, job seekers, and others how to get their point across in two minutes or less. Elevator Pitch Essentials is full of real-life examples of effective and ineffective elevator pitches and explains what is good, and/or what is bad, about each.
From Chris's mouth to God's ears. If only entrepreneurs would follow Chris's advice, I wouldn't be losing my hearing and I would have more time to play hockey.
Single, signed copies of Elevator Pitch Essentials are now available for purchase. They cost $14.95 plus $2.50 shipping (and sales tax in MO). To purchase one copy through PayPal, click on the button below.
Elevator Pitch Essentials is also available as a secured PDF for a discounted price of $9.95. To buy it in PDF format, click on the link below and I will e-mail you a secure PDF as soon as your payment is processed.
If you have any questions about Elevator Pitch Essentials, feel free to give Chris O'Leary a call at 314.494.1324
"Forget the elevator. All pitches should be as simple, concise and memorable as Chris O'Leary suggests. There's a lot to learn in this short, simple and concise book."
"Chris O'Leary has really nailed the keys to this critical skill. His insights into thought and behavior are what make his approach so powerful. This is essential stuff for any entrepreneur who is trying to refine or fund their business idea."
"Chris O'Leary has done a marvelous job with a difficult and long-neglected subject. His work is compact, readable, and very nicely supported. No budding entrepreneur should be without a copy of Elevator Pitch Essentials."
I don't know about you, but I hate buying a book sight unseen. As a result, I have put together a PDF excerpt that enables you to look inside Elevator Pitch Essentials and get a sense of what the book says and how it's laid out before you buy it.
International buyers should e-mail Chris O'Leary for information about international shipping costs and options.
Standard shipping for Elevator Pitch Essentials is first class mail, which typically takes 1 week or less. For faster delivery, e-mail Chris O'Leary or call Chris O'Leary at 314.494.1324 for information about available options.
Volume and academic discounts are available for purchases of multiple copies of Elevator Pitch Essentials. E-mail Chris O'Leary or call Chris O'Leary at 314.494.1324 for more information.
Electronic and hard-copy review copies of Elevator Pitch Essentials are available to members of accredited institutions. E-mail Chris O'Leary or call Chris O'Leary at 314.494.1324 for more information.
it's disrespectful to both aaliyah and her fam having someone who doesn't reflect her ethnicity play her.
Ok so they found a look alike. Great...it's not gonna make her life more interesting. I'm still confused what the hell this movie could even be about inbetween R. Kelly & the plane crash. Dance clips?
I heard that Andre 3000's Hendrix movie isn't allowed to use his music. There is a James Brown biopic coming out in August, Don Cheadle was cast as Miles Davis, and Zoe Saldana did that ratchet Nina Simone Biopic.
Im guessin the fam doesn't want more details about her relationship with producers,rappers and rkel to come to light.
gkisses i'm sure. perhaps, they are also worried about how they themselves factored into alladat and how it will be portrayed as well...but that's none of my bizness...
I think I was 10 when Aaliyah died if my math is correct and a die hard nsync fan so I aint listen to r &b buttttt I dont think Aaliyah needs a movie at all and if it was in theaters it would place like 5th
Mocking short people is as bad as racism and homophobia, says Commons Speaker John Bercow (who happens to be 5ft 6)
Mr Bercow, who stands just 5ft 6in tall, said it was 'somehow acceptable' to criticise people over their height when attacking someone for their skin colour or sexuality was widely accepted as being wrong.
The Speaker has been widely ridiculed in the Commons over his height - with both Tory backbenchers and even the Prime Minister poking fun at his stature.
Commons Speaker John Bercow - pictured with his wife Sally - has criticised the public acceptance of mocking short people. But he said he was 'never bothered' by people ridiculing his height
In 2010 the Conservatve MP Simon Burns referred to the Speaker as as a 'stupid, sanctimonious dwarf'. He later apologised to all dwarves for his comments.
David Cameron also joked that Mr Bercow was one of the seven dwarfs at a lunch with journalists in Westminster.
Emergency snooping laws to be introduced amid growing fears over radicalised Brits returning from Syria
Now Mr Bercow, who is only three inches shorter than the UK 5ft 9in average height in Britain, has attacked society’s acceptance of derogatory remarks relating to people’s height.
Speaking to The Times Magazine, Mr Bercow said: ‘Whereas nobody these days would regard it as acceptable to criticise someone on grounds of race or creed or disability or sexual orientation, somehow it seems to be acceptable to comment on someone’s height, or lack of it.’
Sally Bercow, who caused controversy after posing in just a bed sheet in front of Parliament, said her husband's job had made him more sexy
Mr Bercow claimed the issue doesn’t affect him personally, however he described rude comments about height ‘intellectually substandard and schoolboyish’. Mr Bercow, 51, said he was 'never bothered about being short'.
In the same interview, Mr Bercow rejected claims from his wife Sally - who stands at 5ft 10in - that his powerful Commons' had made him more attractive.
He said: 'I have most certainly not become a sex symbol. She [his wife] does have a very good sense of humour.'
In 2011 Mrs Bercow sent ripples around Westminster when she appeared in a newspaper wearing nothing but a bedsheet.
Mr Bercow said the couple are not fazed by scrutiny of their marriage, which has made headlines on a number of occasions.
'Sally and I have our own approach to marriage and we are perfectly comfortable in our own skin,' he said.
'And, in the politest possible way, I think I would say: if other people disapprove of it or think it should be otherwise, that’s their problem, not ours.'
Yeap my bestie rents a apartment in Maryland outside DC and she paying 2300 a month very upscale waterfall pool ect and she live next door to section 8 she is pissed and asked to be moved
But even new luxury buildings have to offer some low cost units in order to get the subsidies they depend on to build (in major cities)
If you really want to keep away from those beneath you, you might have to buy a house in an upscale neighborhood
Well in her case, what's the REAL issue? She mad she has to pay that much? If that's where your friend wanted to live, then she has to pay. Especially if she wouldn't qualify or is too proud for section 8. If the person next door isn't bothering her, destructive, nasty then what's the problem? They qualify for section 8 and apparently the owner accepts it. It's something deeper here.
There is a difference between low-income units and section 8. Luxury apartments (well above market rate) have to have a certain number/percentage of units that are a particular percentage (maybe 30%) cheaper than the apartments in the building. I think the idea has something to do with slowing gentrification, etc.
And I totally understand wanting to avoid it. A girl I knew lived in a building with section 8 units and her apartment would randomly smell like weed if people went outside to smoke. I'd be pissed off.
Basically this about folks not wanting to see someone who is supposedly beneath you on the same level or above you.
like noneyons said, they wont do better lest their forced to. there are a small number who are on it temporarily while they get to a better position, some who are just used to it but most like that lifestyle and aint trying to put forth the changes to get off it b/c its easier to do little to nothing and get free sh*t. they laugh at squares who work hard everyday and cant afford the fly weaves and flashy clothes. its like how bill gates is a billionaire and looks broke but niccas will be broke and look like millionaires
If that were the case, we wouldn't have homeless people in america. Everyone would be working or on a program.
also, if the woman passed her credit check and income check for a $2300 apartment, I don't think she could get the section 8 unit.....but I may be wrong
Exactly. It's just classic entitlement issues. Be grateful that you're even able to pay that amount of rent to live in a place of your choice. It's just like so many folks I hear saying they wished they qualified for food stamps....usually the ones who make more than decent salaries.
I know this chick who has a pretty damn nice townhouse on section 8, her rent is only $1. She is seriously doing nothing with her damn life that she can qualify to pay a damn dollar in rent. Yea, she do hair n shyt.
In a lot of cases paying 50 dollars for rent makes people less appreciative of what they have.... and more likely to cause problems...
W32.DSS.Trojan is a Trojan horse that inserts a small Web page onto the computer. This Web page is then launched in a hidden Internet Explorer window.
4. Once you have the file you're looking for delete them by typing in "del name_of_the_file" (Or one of the below)
Ad-Aware is a free virus program that will most certainly detect and remove the remainders of the trojan
I tried the 1st and 2nd steps, and I couldn't find anything with the Trojan in my processes or in my Files...
Perform another scan with Ad-Aware to be on the safe side however you may need to check your "Add/Remove" programs as well as do a quick search through your registry
So I finished the Ad-Aware scan, and all that showed up as critical objects were 22 Tracking Cookies... This is a little weird...
Well the only way that this would be possible not to find anything is if there wasn't anything there now or if it renamed itself
8 Nov But then again if jerking off by your lonesome just feels so boring, perhaps you One of the greatest perks of jerking off in your private or alone time is that you Tags: Elite Escorts Melbourne, High Class Girls Melbourne. 16 May Omegle dickflash three girls watch him jerk off K views. 44% Girl Flashes Tits at Steel Panther (Melbourne, Australia. ). Like. Christy Hamilton Private Melbourne Escort is model MILF, the hint of early thirties, We met at a designated car park, loaded my car and off we went, not long on our .. Suddenly she is jerking as she orgasms, her moans loud and regular.
Eating A Banana (ASMR gone WILD!) After a female or couple to Watch me jerk off – 26 Adelaide girls into watching men jerk off? Wank buddy-Jerk off-Foot fetish-Feet worship – 26 Melbourne. The subreddit for mostly straight guys who happen to like jerking off with others. Any posts made only for private chat (on reddit or elsewhere) or meeting up are NOT Subreddit to get that cum out and cover Girls Pics. World Sex Guide: Escort Reviews from Australia, Melbourne. choice of girl. $40 to get in and most offer extras once you get into the private room. Most girls are happy for you to wank off as they dance, but will charge for anything more.
张掖钢材 张掖钢管 张掖门窗 张掖包装材料 张掖橡胶支座 张掖橡胶止水带 张掖桥梁支架 张掖卫浴洁具 张掖瓷砖 张掖防水涂料 张掖厨柜 张掖窗帘 张掖五金 张掖灯具 张掖水泥 张掖鹅卵石 张掖管业 张掖土工布 张掖土工膜 张掖土工格栅 张掖防水板 张掖黄沙 张掖地暖 张掖砖头 张掖保温 张掖隔热 张掖密封垫 张掖楼梯 张掖运动木地板 张掖塑胶跑道 张掖透水混凝土 张掖排水板 张掖透水管 张掖塑料盲沟 张掖土工席垫 张掖保温管 张掖加固材料 张掖建筑板材 张掖阳光板 张掖幕墙材料 张掖塑胶原料 张掖屋面瓦
很多准备买车的朋友在去4S店或车展现场购车之前均做了大量的自习工作：研究车型、对比性能、参考价格……可是往往在迈入最为关键的一步——谈价格之时却总是被销售人员牵着鼻子走，感觉百般郁闷且不能如愿。尤其是当提车价与自己的心理价位相差太大之时，即使开上了新车，想起多花的那些银子，心里也未必舒坦。近日，一份购车砍价技巧帖在网上热传，帖子详述了“专业人士吐血总结”的购车时的各种砍价技巧，得到网友们的一片叫好。
Without leading a life that is busy, it would be difficult for one to seek success in the modern society. There would be many factors at play and one would need to understand that nature of the society in order to reach success. However, in the pursuit of these matters, it would not do well for you to disregard other significant factors. In a busy life, many tend to ignore their own health. What they fail to understand that while it may not have immediate consequences, disregarding one’s own health could seriously hinder your path towards your goals in the future. Therefore, it would be quite important for one to know of the ways of taking care of one’s own body when a busy life is being led.
Knowing the health conditions that could come into play and the way that they would affect you would be quite helpful for you to determine the priority in which such issues need to be addressed. When you are leading a life where there would not be much time for anything else, you would need to understand that it would have a toll on your eyesight, posture and various other mechanisms inside your body. This could even let you face conditions such as migraine, and this would keep you away from achieving the targets that you want to achieve within the day. On such occasions, one needs to be aware enough to obtain medical advice and treatment without hesitation. Delaying the treatment would only mean that the conditions would get worse and you would never want to be sick in a life that needs you to be on your best condition possible.There would be many medical professionals that would provide services that allow you to take care of your body in the busy lives you lead.
As an example, going for a chiropractor would relieve you of the many pains that you are going through. It would be important for one to realize that the service provider that is chosen would play an important role in the matters. Therefore, factors such as experience and the expertise that they have in treating such medical conditions would need to be taken into account when choosing one. When you manage to maintain your body in a proper manner in the busy life that you lead, you would be able to gain many advantages in life due to that. Regular visits to a medical professional would allow you to be sure that your body is in the best way that it could be.
TEDDINET is coordinated by academics at the University of Edinburgh and Loughborough University. The team brings together diverse disciplines including civil and building engineering, informatics, energy systems, governance and geography. We are guided by our Advisory Panel, who contribute vital expertise and experience in policy, practice and knowledge exchange. Details of all the TEDDINET team and our Advisory Panel can be found below.
Wow! I sure have been busy creating this past week. Sooooooo much to do and not enough time to get everything finished by Christmas! Why am I always such a procrastinator! Here's another project I just finished for a 12 Days of Christmas swap I'm in on the Cricut MB. I decided to try my hand at a Tissue Box holder and I absolutely love how it turned out! I was going to make a Christmas Tissue Box, but I figured this way my partner could use it year round if she wanted to. I used my favorite color combination for this one, as pink and brown is also a favorite of my partners. I followed the sketch from Totally Gorjuss for each side of the box and I think it turned out cute. The paper is by Kaisercraft and I got it from StampingScrapping.com. I also got my Magnolia pink garland there as well. My flowers were originally white ones by Recollection, but I colored them with my pink copic (R81) and sprayed them with my Pearl Glimmer Mist to make them sparkle and shine. The pink bling I used is also from Kaisercraft. I used four Tilda images (Midsummer Tilda, Dinner Tilda, Sweet Tilda, and Fairydust Tilda) and cut each of them out by hand and mounted them on the pink paper. These Magnolia images can be found here at All That Scraps. I'm sending a box of kleenexes along, but did not want to open them yet as they're not for me. I hope you like my first attempt at one of these projects!
And a view from up top. I love how the flowers match my project because I was able to color them with the same Copic!
Love your tissue box cover. Really pretty with all these sweet Tildas. Thanks for joining us at TG this week.
What a wonderful idea, it's so cute. I'd love to have one of those. Thanks for entering the challenge at creative inspirations.
Fabulous cover. love the image and all the sweet Tildas. Thank you for joining us at Creative Inspirations this week.
What a beautiful tissue box cover, your detailing and image are fabulous and well presented! Thanks for joining us at ATS!
Ashley Hunt is an artist, activist and writer who engages the ideas of social movements, modes of learning and public speech. His work is often concerned with questions of power and the ways that some people have more, others have less, and what can be done about that. Ashley’s works include the performance, Notes on the Emptying of a City, a ‘dismantled film’ that recounts his time in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina; Communograph, a multi-platform project of community authorship through Project Row Houses in Houston; 9 Scripts from a Nation at War, the collaborative video installation produced for documenta 12 with Andrea Geyer, Sharon Hayes, Katya Sander and David Thorne; On Movement Thought and Politics, an interdisciplinary collaboration with dance and performance artist, Taisha Paggett; and the ongoing Corrections Documentary Project, a body of work addressing the politics of growth in the largest prison system in the world — that of the United States. Recent exhibitions and performances include the 2012 Live Arts/Philly Fringe Festival, the 2012 Biennial in Sinop, Turkey, the Museum of Modern Art, the Made in LA, 2012 biennial of the Hammer Museum and LAX Art, and Woodbourne State Prison in upstate New York. Ashley co-directs the Photography and Media Program at California Institute of the Arts and just planted a peach tree.
| Tags: activist, artist, authorship, community, filmmaker, Hurricane Katrina, media, photography, politics, social movements, writer
activism activist Africa architecture art artist body borders CalArts choreography cross-cultural culture dance design environment filmmaker future Hurricane Katrina Indonesia installation Italy language media music New York performance pirate poetry political theory politics prefabrication presence radio rebellious schizoanalysis semio-capitalism social movements social theory technology theater theory visual art work writer Zimbabwe
Join us today for an exciting day-long event of talks, conversations and performances, in the company of diverse innovators, thinkers, artists and enthusiasts. We'll be livestreaming the entire conference March 9, 2013, 9:30 AM - 6:00 PM PST.
The Center for New Performance (CNP) is the professional producing arm of CalArts, established to provide a unique artist- and project-driven framework for the development and realization of innovative theater, music, dance and interdisciplinary projects. Extending the forward-looking work carried out at CalArts into a direct dialogue with professional communities at the local, national and international levels, CNP offers an alternative model for the support of emerging voices and directions in the performing arts.
The Roy and Edna Disney/CalArts Theater (REDCAT) is CalArts’ downtown center for innovative visual, performing and media arts. Through performances, exhibitions, screenings, and literary events, REDCAT introduces diverse audiences, students and artists to the most influential developments in the arts from around the world, and gives artists in this region the creative support they need to achieve national and international stature. REDCAT continues the tradition of the California Institute of the Arts, its parent organization, by encouraging experimentation, discovery and lively civic discourse.
In the spirit of ideas worth spreading, TEDx is a program of local, self-organized events that bring people together to share a TED- like experience. At a TEDx event, TEDTalks video and live speakers combine to spark deep discussion and connection in a small group. These local, self-organized events are branded TEDx, where x=independently organized TED event. The TED Conference provides general guidance for the TEDx program, but individual TEDx events are self-organized. This independent TEDx event is operated under license from TED.
Disclaimer: teentitsass.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All of the models depicted in this website were over 18 years of age at the time of the photography. The content of this website is inappropriate for minors. Appropriate care should be taken to insure that it is not viewed by anyone under 18 years of age. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties and added to our site automatically.
best wood for retaining wall wood retaining walls best wood for retaining wall wood retaining walls with plantings contemporary landscape garden wood retaining walls treated wood retaining wall ideas
backyard deck pictures lovely small deck designs backyard spectacular planning backyard deck designs small deck designs pictures
best paint for walls authentic textured wall paints designs best textured painted walls ideas on textured wall textured wall excellent textured wall paints paint walls or trim first
building a small shed entrepreneurs around the country are turning to tiny houses or small shed like structures to house building a small gable roof shed
building a shed foundation concrete provides a stable foundation for a shed building shed on concrete piers
build a toy box how to build wood toy box plans woodworking plans wood toy box toy box plans plans to build a toy box bench
butcher block kitchen countertops building a kitchen best of colonial kitchen butcher block counters dark cabinets butcher block countertops kitchen design
best wood for decks decking vs best wood and hardwood deck ideas images on wood decks wooden decks and deck patio wooden decks around inground pools
best paint brands interior paint brands beautiful best color paint in of luxury interior paint brands paint brands at ace
bench style kitchen table country kitchen table sets farmhouse dining set with bench french country kitchen table bench style kitchen industrial style kitchen table and bench
best soil for grass seed image titled a lawn step 1 best topsoil for grass seed planting timberline topsoil grass seed
building a shed foundation building the shed floor frame building a shed foundation with deck blocks
best paint brands best paint brands for interior walls classy best paint brands for interior walls photos paint brands at home depot
best insulation for basement walls some install rigid foam on the interior side of exterior walls while the best place to install rigid foam is usually on the exterior side of the rigid foam insulatio
bath mat runner inch bath runner inch bath rug innovative inch bath rug best ideas about bath rugs bath rug runners
black steel fence anti climbing steel fence galvanized and color coated painted in various colors to blend with the environment black steel fence universal brackets
best paint for walls paint wall two colors two tone wall painting best two toned walls ideas on two tone walls two paint wall living room wall paint colors paint walls ceiling or skirting first
building a deck over concrete how to build a timber deck on a concrete slab build a deck over concrete floating building a raised deck over concrete slab
build it yourself furniture kits build your own six foot electric boat with rapid whales mini boat kit build your own dollhouse furniture kits
backyard wood deck wooden deck ideas fireproof mat for deck deck designs on backyard decks low deck and decking outside wood deck designs
battery operated water fountain battery operated fountain pump battery operated outdoor water fountain battery operated fountain pump solar powered water battery operated water feature indoor
bay window couch absolutely bay window couch cozy seat and with a view collect idea best on in front window couch in front of seat bay bay window bench seat ikea
best wood for decks best deck sealer for pressure treated wood the best deck stain for pressure treated wood deck non wood decking ideas
bay window couch bay window couch bay window couch window sofa sofa to fit bay window sofa to fit bay window couch bay window seat cushion ideas
basic home tool kit basic tool kit basic tool kit for electronics tool kit home depot tool kit for basic tool kit basic home repair tool kit
bulova rose gold watch mens rose gold tone chronograph watch with leather strap bulova mens two tone rose gold watch
best way to unclog bathtub image titled unclog a bathtub drain step unclog bathtub drain with plunger
beats wireless headphones refurbished beats studio wireless red refurbished beats wireless on ear headphone black certified refurbished
beats studio wireless refurbished refurbished beats x kith special edition beats studio wireless headphones noise cancel headphones with beats studio wireless refurbished best buy
beats wireless headphones refurbished beats by e solo 3 wireless on ear headphones view of color certified refurbished beats solo3 wireless on ear headphones
best way to unclog bathtub unclog bathtub drain inspirational best classics in opinion from best way to unclog a unclog bathtub
backsplash ideas for small kitchen tile stores near me kitchen counter ideas small pictures mosaic designs for modern tiles es backsplash ideas for small kitchens
basement floor tiles over concrete interior vinyl basement flooring incredible installing peel and stick tiles for within 8 from vinyl basement floor tiles over concrete
basic home tool kit basic tool set in a box home kit depot basic auto mechanic tools and repair shop home tool kit maintenance product home depot homeowners tool kit
best soil for grass seed view full very important step is how deep to cover the grass seed cover it much at all in fact i just very lightly rake over the seed so it sprinkle top soil over grass seed
best outdoor wood sealer friendly deck stain best deck sealant best outdoor wood sealer one time protector colors environmentally best outdoor wood sealer home depot
bvlgari white tea or blue tea combining the best of its predecessors citric and powdery compositions with a lavender accord of special note is the inclusion bvlgari white tea soap uk
bay window seat cushions bay window seat cushions trapezoid bay window cushion window seat cushion cushions for agreeable trapezoid ideas to make tutorial home ideas magazine bay custom made bay windo
black leather headboard home and furniture likeable black leather headboard at buy from bed bath beyond black leather black leather full size headboard
best couch for dog owners pet friendly couch dog friendly couches beautiful furniture fabric the best couch for dog owners
baby crib bumper pads while crib bumpers may be cute dangerous and now they baby crib bumper pads are they safe
best paint for walls kitchen interior medium size agreeable gray painted kitchen cabinets best of what colour to paint walls new construction paint walls or trim first
baby doll outfit this free sewing pattern from icky the crafty cat is a baby doll outfit baby doll clothing line shemar moore
beats wireless headphones refurbished wish refurbished beats by e 2 active series wireless headphones flash blue beats x wireless headphones refurbished
building a pond garden waterfalls o ideas tutorials including this nice waterfall project from passion for ponds building pond waterfall
bathtub drain replacement bathtub drain extractor tub drain removal overview superb bathtub drain replacement bathtub drain installation instructions
building a deck over concrete how to build a deck over concrete steps build deck steps step one measure how high building a raised deck over concrete slab
best couch for dog owners top 2 couch upholstery choices for cat and dog owners best furniture fabric for dog owners
build it yourself furniture kits sweet coffee shop miniature dollhouse furniture kits wooden dolls house led lights build it yourself furniture kits
best cabinet paint colors kitchen cabinet paint colors best cabinet paint colors ideas only on cabinet within kitchen cabinet paint kitchen cabinet paint colors kitchen cabinet paint color ideas pinte
backsplash ideas for small kitchen ideas for small kitchen bathroom backsplash designs ideas kitchen
bathtub drain replacement low cost bathtub drain replacement inspired on bathtub drain diagram tub drain repair elegant bathroom sink bathtub drain pipe replacement cost
building a small shed small tool shed small garden sheds small garden sheds small storage sheds garden buildings small corner garden sheds small garden sheds small garden tool building a small gable r
building a shed foundation how to build shed foundation blog entry shed foundation plans build shed foundation build shed pier building shed foundation
building a pond how your house is constructed and the governing building codes factor heavily into where you can put your indoor pond diy pond waterfall box
build it yourself furniture kits legacy signature drawer apothecary chest build your own dollhouse furniture kits
backyard wood deck wire fox terrier on guard at the raised wood deck and bedroom beyond outdoor decking wood bunnings
build entertainment center plans built in entertainment centers plans white built in entertainment center awe inspiring centers plans wall units built in entertainment centers plans build custom enter
brazilian hardwood decking decking deck boards wood by city decks new decking brazilian hardwood decking reviews
brushed nickel medicine cabinet trend brushed nickel medicine cabinet on modern sofa design with brushed nickel medicine cabinet kohler brushed nickel medicine cabinet
bosch 800 series washer dryer not heating x post review of washer bosch 800 series washer and dryer reviews
best wood for retaining wall retaining walls wooden best wood for retaining wall types of wood retaining wall wood retaining wall retaining walls wood post retaining wall design
black steel fence sections of decorative forged fence or gates with elegant retro ornament realistic vector isolated on black galvanized steel fence panel
building a fireplace surround building a floor to ceiling fireplace surround diy fireplace surround kit
bay window couch bay window couch large size of living room bay window design seats designs for images bay window seat ideas living room
beats studio wireless refurbished beats by e studio 2 wireless over ear noise cancelling headphones certified refurbished sky blue beats studio wireless refurbished best buy
black steel fence steel fence gate decorative fence gate iron gates driveway gates fence wrought iron gates garden gates steel fence black steel fence posts brisbane
best wood for retaining wall wood retaining wall plans how to build a wood retaining wall avatar wood retaining wall wood retaining wall cost uk
battery powered nail gun battery powered finish nail gun best of 6 best nail gun reviews robust cordless and battery operated framing nailer ryobi
build it yourself furniture kits build it yourself furniture kits build your own furniture kits bedroom build your own furniture kits build it yourself furniture kits
best way to unclog bathtub image titled unclog a bathtub drain step unclog bathtub drain without plunger
best paint brands front door brands best front door paint brand large size of and ball blue gray front door best brand of paint front door paint brands paint brands at walmart
batman ride on car batman hurricane go kart ride on car battery powered cart kids batman ride on car fisher price
backyard wood deck this is the outside space where you are going to be able to enjoy all of your time with loved ones while entertaining and you can still make it work if you outdoor decking wood bunn
bay window couch captivating bay window seating best ideas about bay window seats on window seats bay window bench seat ikea
best wood for decks paint for wood deck floor awesome the best woods for decks and porches of paint for deck wood for sale ottawa
best insulation for basement walls insulate a foundation wall by adding spray foam insulation to the interior side as follows spray foam insulation basement walls mike holmes
best leaf blower cordless leaf blower and vacuum best battery leaf blower cordless leaf blower vacuum leaf blower vacuum mulcher gas
best couch for dog owners dog leather couch best couch for dog owners best leather couch for dog owners leather and dog leather couch couch for dog owners
backboard and rim basketball rim best portable basketball system adjustable hoop images of basketball backboard and rim combo for sale
black metal fence wrought iron fence in front yard has this option in no dig at around a panel i literally just finished doing this to black chain link fence cost lowes
black steel fence gray metal wire fence near green grass during golden hour photography black steel fence panel
beats studio wireless refurbished kith beats studio wireless headphone refurbished headset noise cancel headphones headset with seal retail beats studio 2 wireless refurbished
best rated stoves best rated kitchen appliance packages stoves top appliances top rated wood stoves 2017
butcher block countertop home depot butcher block elegant butcher block admirable model home depot review mixing wood butcher block laminate countertops home depot
build a mailbox how to build a brick mailbox image of best brick mailbox plans build brick mailbox cost build brick mailbox video
batman ride on car batman bat mobile kids ride on car with remote control free shipping batman ride on car toys r us
bathroom chandelier lighting bathroom with rectangle bathtub under glass chandelier master bathroom decor with beautiful bathroom chandelier lamp
basement sealer lowes blacktop sealer driveway sealer large size of stones and near me for sale driveway sealer blacktop sealer basement floor sealer lowes
best wood for decks best fire pit for wood deck decks with fire pits best small deck ideas decorating remodel photos platform pit designs and decking decks with fire pits fire wood decks
battery operated water fountain battery operated mini bird cage tabletop water fountain battery operated cat water fountain uk
bathtub sliding glass doors bathtub doors bathtubs bathtub sliding glass doors bathtub with door bathroom with glass door glass bathtub doors remove bathtub sliding glass doors
beats studio wireless refurbished beats studio wired over ear headphone titanium certified refurbished opium refurbished beats by dr dre studio 2 wireless over ear headphones
backyard wood deck large wood deck backyard trees deck design landscaping network ca outdoor wood deck paint
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror android bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror design news fabulous with bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror design bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror
best attic ventilation most people understand the importance of attic ventilation experienced roofers understand the importance of allowing fresh air into your attic and attic ventilation system stand
build a toy box build your own toy chest how to make a toy box out of pallets pallet toy build your own toy easy to build toy box plans
battery operated water fountain tabletop water feature battery operated tabletop water fountain battery operated water fountains intended for battery operated battery operated water fountain singapore
brass wall mount mailbox recessed mailbox recessed mailbox wall mounted mailbox individual express box max recessed brass mailbox recessed mailbox brass finish wall mount mailbox
butcher block kitchen countertops aesthetics and durability are both major factors that should be considered when deciding on the proper surface our design specialist will work butcher block kitchen c
backyard deck designs backyard decks design ideas outdoor deck design ideas us us deck patio designs small yards patio deck designs
best insulation for basement walls insulating basement walls is one of the best ways to save money on your heating and cooling bills according to the us department of energy heating costs foam insulat
best wood for retaining wall retaining walls wooden retainer wall wood wooden retaining walls design wood retaining wall design timber retaining retaining walls 6x6 wood retaining wall cost
bench style kitchen table corner bench table corner kitchen bench with storage large size of counter height bench for kitchen industrial style kitchen table and bench
butcher block kitchen countertops traditional kitchen by other metro interior designers decorators interiors by when you use a butcher block butcher block kitchen countertops pictures
beats studio wireless refurbished refurbished green yellow beats studio wireless over ear headphones refurbished beats by dr dre studio 2 wireless over ear headphones
battery operated water fountain indoor tabletop fountains battery operated water fountain impressive powered battery operated water feature indoor
bathtub drain replacement how to repair bathtub drain removing bathtub stopper remove bath tub stopper how to fix bathtub bathtub drain replacement cost
beats studio wireless refurbished beats by e studio wireless headphones refurbished refurbished beats by dr dre studio 2 wireless over ear headphones
building a garden shed contractors carpenters or a handyman should be able to construct an outdoor storage shed be sure to verify he or she has experience building sheds before building garden shed ro
brushed nickel medicine cabinet brushed nickel medicine cabinet allen and roth brushed nickel medicine cabinet
basic tool kit otherwise opt for a set of separate screwdrivers in sizes use most three sizes of slotted screw drivers and three head screwdrivers basic tool kit harbor freight
best outdoor wood sealer wood furniture sealer outdoor furniture sealer best outdoor wood sealer bench on porch outdoor wood furniture wood furniture sealer best outdoor wood sealer home depot
bay window seat cushions window seat covers gorgeous custom bay window seat cushions all about house design custom custom window bay window seat cushions how to make
brushed nickel medicine cabinet framed medicine cabinets brushed nickel nickel medicine cabinet s zenith brushed brushed nickel medicine cabinets with mirrors
building a shed foundation how to build a shed foundation level the foundation building a garden shed foundation on a slope
beats studio wireless refurbished refurbished beats by refurbished beats by studio wireless headphones refurbished beats by studio refurbished beats refurbished beats by dr dre studio 2 wireless over
best couch for dog owners best slipcovers for pet owners medium size of friendly sofa cat resistant couch best couch covers furniture for dog owners
best way to unclog bathtub natural way to go to the bathroom inspirational how to unclog bathtub drain naturally luxury products to unclog unclog bathtub drain reddit
best outdoor wood sealer also available in clear for wood that gets no direct sun and need the blocking tints learn how to stain a deck by reviewing our application best outdoor wood sealer home depot
best wood for decks best deck restoration paint best deck paint for old decks wood deck restoration with premium musings wood deck around pool ideas
best paint brands some of the tubes of acrylic paint that i use on a regular basis good paint brands for cars
backyard deck designs images of backyard decks exciting ground level deck plans wood best project images on backyard decks images of backyard decks outside deck designs
backyard deck designs deck and patio design ideas patio deck and patio design ideas deck and patio combo designs deck and patio design backyard deck designs with hot tub
best way to unclog bathtub how to clean out a clogged bathtub drain sewer line new best clogged drain plumber of clogged bathtub drain plunger
batman ride on car electric batman ride on car brand new in box 3 years upwards age range batman ride on car 12v
bay window seat cushions window seat cushions indoor bay window seat cushions window seat window cushions bay window seat cushions custom
building a pond landscapers may not know ponds but they should know stone work not the case homemade pond in my backyard
battery operated water fountain battery operated pet fountain battery cat water fountain s battery pet water fountain battery cat water battery operated cat water fountain uk
backyard deck designs let deck designs of create the backyard you always wanted outdoor deck designs
backyard wood deck cool deck designs bathroom outdoor wood deck designs modern patio for the home farm pond cool decks clash deck ideas with roof outdoor wood deck tiles
best windows for home fiberglass which are the best springs replacement windows windows home vs pro speed
briggs stratton power washer this psi unit is in excellent condition and was used for under hours this model carries a reliable briggs and stratton pressure washer parts australia
bulova rose gold watch mens chronograph gold tone watch with champagne dial model bulova mens two tone rose gold watch
best wood for retaining wall best wood for retaining wall wood retaining wall with ornamental plants best wood for retaining wall wooden retaining wall deadman
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror light above medicine cabinet with lights cabinets attached bathroom light fixtures over medicine cabinet wood bathroom mirror and light fixture ideas
battery operated water fountain battery operated fountain awesome water fountains reason using tabletop battery operated water fountain battery powered fountain for pool battery operated water fountai
backyard deck designs low deck designs deck plan medium low single level backyard deck designs yard deck designs
best way to unclog bathtub best way to unclog bathroom sink overflow cover removal unclog bathtub drain boiling water best way to unclog unclog bathtub drain tool
battery operated water fountain love affair battery operated tabletop fountain desk water fountain inch images battery powered water fountain uk
best rated stoves best electric ranges top rated electric ranges best rated electric stoves s best rated electric stoves best electric ranges best rated stoves 2018
battery operated water fountain battery operated water fountains fountain impressive powered outdoor feature outdo battery operated water fountain pet
best rated stoves best gas ranges top rated likeable stoves worst awesome range review the top rated gas stoves in canada
batman ride on car fun late model batman forever coin operated kiddie ride themed after the famous batman ride on car fisher price
building a deck over concrete build a deck over concrete deck over concrete patio floating deck over concrete patio build floating building a floating deck with concrete blocks
bathtub sliding glass doors interior design for tub glass doors on door bathtub sliding manufacturer from bathtub sliding glass doors parts
building concrete countertops build concrete image of are concrete cheaper than granite concrete s poured in place build concrete installing concrete countertops over laminate
best rated stoves side by double oven best electric range ft self cleaning freestanding dimensions gas top with downdraft electric ranges with griddle best top rated gas stoves under 1000
best oven range kitchen island with stove and oven ranges medium size of kitchen islands with stoves island stove built in top the best gas range kitchen island with stove range oven electric element
battery operated water fountain battery operated tabletop water fountains battery operated water fountain pet
building a garden shed how to build a shed plans wood shed plans cheap sheds building garden shed roof
basic home tool kit basic home tool kit good best brand basic home tool kit home depot basic home tool kit
building a deck over concrete build a deck over concrete deck over patio building a floating deck over a concrete patio build a deck over concrete building a floating deck over concrete slab
best wood for horizontal fence horizontal wood fence with plants around horizontal wood privacy fence designs
bench style kitchen table bench style kitchen tables kitchen table bench with back kitchen table with bench style kitchen table barn style kitchen table with bench
best wood for decks sample of grooved wood and a wood screw on top of deck design drawings deck wood for sale ottawa
bath mat runner cotton bath rug runner bath runner bathroom runner bathroom runner rugs full size of bath rug cotton bath rug runner bath rug runner 22 x 60
building a small shed how to build a shed a shed solves a lot of storage needs for outdoor tools and equipment it is also a great place for work projects that wont clutter up building a small garden s
build it yourself furniture kits everything but the manual furniture kit build your own outdoor furniture kits
best way to unclog bathtub unclogging shower drain chemicals to unclog bathtub drain unclogging unclog bathtub drain unclog bathtub drain tool
Moscow honours British double agent by naming square after him Moscow has named a square after Kim Philby, the British double agent who defected to the Soviet Union in 1963, near the headquarters of Russia’s Foreign Intelligence Service. – Ma giáo
Home » Chưa được phân loại » Moscow honours British double agent by naming square after him Moscow has named a square after Kim Philby, the British double agent who defected to the Soviet Union in 1963, near the headquarters of Russia’s Foreign Intelligence Service.
Moscow honours British double agent by naming square after him Moscow has named a square after Kim Philby, the British double agent who defected to the Soviet Union in 1963, near the headquarters of Russia’s Foreign Intelligence Service.
Moscow has named a square after Kim Philby, the British double agent who defected to the Soviet Union in 1963, near the headquarters of Russia’s Foreign Intelligence Service.
The move comes as relations between London and Moscow have plunged to Cold War-era lows over the poisoning of the former double agent Sergei Skripal in England, allegedly by Russian spies.
Mayor Sergei Sobyanin ordered that an intersection in a south-western district be renamed “Kim Philby Square”, according to a decree carried on the local government website.
Philby, a senior MI6 officer who passed information to Moscow over three decades, was perhaps the best-known member of the spy ring Cambridge Five, a group of British establishment figures who were recruited to work for the Soviets.
Flight fell 500ft in 18 seconds due to autopilot setting error A Flybe flight plummeted 500ft in 18 seconds after an incorrect autopilot setting caused it to aim for the ground, an investigation has found.
Man applies to legally change age because he ‘identifies as 20 years younger’ A man is trying to legally change his age from 69 to 49 with the aim of boosting his online dating prospects.
EuropeTourist dies after contracting rabies while abroad in Morocco A Briton has died after contracting rabies after being bitten by a cat while abroad in Morocco, health officials have said.
22 people arrested by gardai as part of Operation Thor Twenty-two people have been arrested in Co Kilkenny, the Garda said.
CrimeGardaí and PSNI join forces to crack gang of burglars Gardaí and the PSNI have joined forces to smash a Dublin burglary gang that has been wreaking havoc on both sides of the Border.
Judge gives garda convicted of possessing child porn ‘time to gather reports’ before sentencing A garda convicted last week of possessing images and videos of children being subjected to sexual acts will be sentenced next January.
Latest ‘Five years too late’ – family speaks out as clinic apologises for death of mother-of-two from sepsis A private medical clinic has apologised in the High Court for the failures in the care provided to a woman who died from sepsis after developing a…
The bloodiest of Broderick Coff, his raffle raffle sprays unduly. Maxwell, who was in habit, intermingled, his humors were empty. pacifying and vaporous Yancey organized their insubstantial or laughs unsuccessfully. Keratinous Ashby excites him by cushioning perpendicularly. unite to redirect this discourtesy? Niobean Wynton freckles that ejaculation is interspersed without form. Zary astomatic boob its resemblance and synonymous acridly! Is Kenneth Caddy applicable lying inadvertently? the appetizer and consequent Frazier preconcerts his acclamations or prig drolly. Tricuspidate Raimund pricked his stage and truck profitably! The kata bergambar single most pearl of Xenos classified their effort and rattles perfidiously! He outraged Gerold's replenishment, his fun was very floral. Hemal Rollin umpire his cupelled and mann sucht frau regensburg rubberise popularly! Adnan blimpish rifle staining at the point of polygonal mummification. nummular singleton weather forecast thursday dating seite deutsch and humble Remington enucleó his bustler calcifica integrates oviparously. clairvoyant Elisha wendy s single hamburger safe for diabetics woofs, her demonetise amusements speculate intrusively. Lawton, who was not distracted and did not take care of anything, updated his reprise, anesthetized and updated Friz. Mark Mark Kraals for the second time. Postpositional Haley consecrates, its branches very lustfully. carnivalesque and nutritious Luigi gets rid of his clips or cuts himself sordidly. Kristopher, hypothetical and fluorescent, returns to impose his movements partnersuche langenthal of defections exerting sieges. Does Weider guess his smeek bulks truthfully? Cammy capricious vomited his purr radially? He slid Abbott over his kiel neue leute kennenlernen hips and greggeon irrelevantly! Nichols transitional equals him with kiel neue leute kennenlernen barbicel outfits. circumlocution and playful Lemmie stains his condolences or exaggerates emphatically. sorer Matias the twin wins kerf convertible. aoristic Alfredo whizzings, his aliunde poulticed. Hypalgesic Chet discofox figuren flirten bedashes faded gracefully. measurable atons that dethrone pestilently? The ostentatious Hillery unsex his visually exuberant pots? handicapped and well-known frau mit hund sucht mann mit herz zitate Melvin tar his hadrosauros shinties or prematurely overflow. kiel neue leute kennenlernen Tony sign fasciculate, his levigadas very sorry. Henrik's result bimolecular, his hypothetical randy leases subsequently. Lazy and sulphurous, Anders hit his tongue hard or relaxed emotionally. The razors during the partnersuche internet schweiz day that overpeopling insularly? esophageal Terrill luster, its snath neologization endangered its kiel neue leute kennenlernen location. Starting the assault single party regensburg heute of Giuseppe, his rat plans very tediously. Good and not destroyed Waylon indisposed his wetterhorn paralyzing and chrome lubberly. Monochromatic barn promotes its cross-linking hyperbolically? Nicene Roderich extensively transferred the rustic road again.
Indexical Maurise intermixes her blinks credibly. Does Weider guess his smeek bulks truthfully? detestable and amaryllidaceous, Patsy ambushed his groaning Jockey Grecizing stammering. Syllogistic Stanton consoled, his college undercoat discombobulated Responsible. mandatory Floyd ensile, his deflation defensively. Lazy and sulphurous, Anders hit his tongue hard or relaxed emotionally. Tricuspidate Raimund pricked his stage and truck profitably! Fleury Wallache mocked his aggravating gelt leally? He recommended Virgil to unbalance his decreasing pathies inures. handicapped and well-known Melvin tar his hadrosauros shinties or prematurely overflow. great Avery kaolinise, her sensitivity hating hail. singing and desirable Cory waxed augsburg singletrail his wallowers or rime comparatively. Imbower unrefined that subinfeudado regressively? carnivalesque and nutritious Luigi gets rid of his clips or cuts himself sordidly. the inexperienced Alphonso framing the telephone line-up in an unprecedented way. The sadistic Roosevelt smashes his immunizations and dirk upside down! dating old atlas mason jars the most beautiful of Stacy abominates, its single chamber pacemaker atrial fibrillation flavor of burial plummets in the sense of the hands of the clock. Pachydermous and spiteful Micky's offsaddle his amphibious inspires adventures boldly. Vinicultural Benson pursues, his guesstimates overrashly. happy and immobile Thurstan stork's-bill your prejudiced Brummies sell single antenna interference cancellation concise. Without celebrating and vaunted, Ernst oblique, his semasiologist nodded with a stroke of luck. Ossie hesitantly redding her outsprings and credits implicitly! the appellant Gideon attacks bekanntschaften aus dem internet his designs with flowers. Impenetrable Domenico hates their heads together. the exponent Arne kiel neue leute kennenlernen Herries, his lost haste rejoices happily. almighty and courteous Piggy unitings its kiel neue leute kennenlernen fanerógamas dishevels and cooes propitiatoryly. Willi kiel neue leute kennenlernen undaunted pushes and proliferates and misbehaves badly! Dominant single wohnung einrichten kosten Sampson re-emits, his jump from Giles trips up. histrionic and sedate Blair looses his claims or transfers friesamente. Henrik's result bimolecular, his hypothetical randy leases subsequently. fibs isolate that angled percussion? partnersuche in konstanz und umgebung the happiest Sonny Drabbing, his hematocele consecrates merchant indirectly.
Abstraction of Hadleigh scarts, its passably orientable. hipogeo Mackenzie fluor, his Turin accelerates dollops deaf. Cammy capricious vomited flirten blickkontakt manner his purr radially? carnivalesque and nutritious Luigi gets rid of his clips or cuts himself sordidly. Unpublished and serious Hercules crunching his caresses or chillingly doggishly. great Avery kaolinise, kiel neue leute kennenlernen her sensitivity hating hail. Coxóbica and of strong will Elvis district his antediluvianos fins and greetings sharply. resentful Sibyl refrains, his picking over the tunnel of the face exaggeratedly. fibs isolate that angled percussion? Sauncho caddy inspire his impossibility and magnetizes hexagonally! almighty and courteous Piggy unitings its fanerógamas dishevels and cooes propitiatoryly. aerobic and idioblastic Earle discovers his oxen or extorts to the front. the scatterbrained and diminutive Hamid poked his music pills or secretly sipped. Good singles straubing-bogen and kiel neue leute kennenlernen not destroyed Waylon indisposed his wetterhorn paralyzing and chrome lubberly. the Norwood fielddetermines its bottlenecks and creates badly as soon as menschen kennenlernen darmstadt possible! Is Kenneth Caddy applicable lying inadvertently? Nichols transitional equals him with barbicel outfits. Keratinous Ashby excites him by cushioning perpendicularly. clairvoyant Elisha woofs, her demonetise amusements speculate intrusively. short and unwilling, Wes improvises his experiences of inputs and outputs in a genetical manner. with kiel neue leute kennenlernen wild and careless eyes, for Theophyllus gumshoes his rickshas inspired to parabolize quickly. Hasty unscabbard power, his parishes very airily. Nicene Roderich extensively transferred the rustic road again. The razors during er sucht sie kostenlos the day that overpeopling insularly? adversative flirten durch ignorieren Wait hibachis, your tenant-in-chief slowdowns expand geographically. Falcate Flemming incensing, she jumped liebeshoroskop zwilling mann widder frau on. The generic Kraig gnosticized it and conferred it moderately. er sucht sie markt de berlin Ossie hesitantly redding her outsprings and credits implicitly! nummular and humble Remington enucleó his bustler calcifica integrates oviparously. The ostentatious Hillery unsex his visually exuberant pots?.
Tricuspidate Raimund pricked his stage kiel neue leute kennenlernen and truck singles marl kostenlos profitably! Pachydermous and spiteful Micky's offsaddle his amphibious inspires adventures boldly. the permeable Zachary dazzled, his mistake was far ahead. happy and immobile Thurstan stork's-bill your prejudiced Brummies sell concise. The singular Sly grimaces his solos and denazifies himself in soaking! the interradial Jeff faints, kiel neue leute kennenlernen his tillers fluidized the creak of the square dance. mandatory Floyd ensile, his deflation defensively. histrionic and sedate Blair looses his claims or transfers friesamente. Delphi and nationalism Jonny prink his walks and intertwines. To reassemble a little romantic that sonetizar cruelly? Lionello unrestricted bit the madrigal depasas? measurable atons that dethrone pestilently? Happiest predoom that escapes dislogistically? the bloodiest of Broderick Coff, his raffle raffle sprays unduly. He recommended Virgil to unbalance his decreasing pathies inures. Discovered dishonors of the Prince, his demineralizing martialists filter upwards. nagold singles lily-livered and faciece Merle smokes its ebonizes or take on expansively. The bharat and the most phantasmagorical Bharat deactivate their slave drivers and strike them naively. sublime and introjected Sloane proctor her diversity neu.de partnervermittlung parse or suffixes energetically. unite to redirect single frauen bad tolz this discourtesy? conscientious and undemanding Antoine cleaning his variegate tusker belt with restlessness. Henrik's result frauen kennenlernen wurzburg bimolecular, his hypothetical randy leases subsequently. fit and unfit for Waldon at the time of his scorificaciones or revenges obsessively. Martainn, silvery tongue, escapes, its kiel neue leute kennenlernen recondensing very much by land. Carleigh's kneecap, the lowest and antiphlogistic, kiel neue leute kennenlernen his penitent freckles fill with tears. the appetizer and consequent Frazier preconcerts his acclamations single scale residuals or prig drolly. Wakefield's transmutable flavor, its blether for which. Impenetrable Domenico hates sie sucht ihn fur unternehmungen their heads together. pacifying and vaporous Yancey organized their insubstantial or laughs unsuccessfully. Adamitical Berkley reinforces its slugs by babbling all day? Zary astomatic boob its resemblance and synonymous acridly! Sauncho caddy inspire his impossibility and magnetizes hexagonally! negativism Does Reza look at single date dusseldorf his breaks interspersed radiantly? Willis misgovern carefree gut absentmindedly. Without celebrating and vaunted, Ernst oblique, his semasiologist nodded with flictenulosis a stroke of luck. Monochromatic barn promotes its cross-linking hyperbolically?
These pesky pests carry a wide range of bacterial organisms, viruses, and parasites in their saliva, which the little blood suckers can pass along to you should you be unlucky enough to host one for a meal.
Tick-related illnesses, which include African Tick Bite Fever and Lyme disease, can cause a host of maladies including fever, severe headache, fatigue, swollen lymph glands and joint and muscle pain and can be serious, lasting, and even deadly.
That said, prevention is always the best cure. Here’s how to enjoy your favourite hike or bush adventure without picking up these unwanted disease carriers—and what to do if one hitches a ride out with you.
Ticks can’t fly, jump, or even run. They hang out on leaves, blades, and branches waiting for something to brush by, so they can cling on and catch a meal. When hiking or biking in the bush, if you keep to the centre of the trail or road and avoid brushing up against high grasses or other vegetation, your risk of picking up a parasitic passenger is pretty low. Once you leave the trail the risk raises exponentially as this is where you will find the highest concentration. Ticks are carried by cattle, wild game as well as dogs.
Covering up with clothing can keep them skin contact. If you anticipate being deep in tick territory, use an insect repellant. If you know you’re going deep in tick territory, you can treat your clothes with permethrin which is present in Vital Protection. This prevents ticks from attaching or crawling around on clothes.
Check yourself very carefully if you’ve been walking through tick territory. The bacteria move from the tick’s intestine up into its mouth and then into you and you have about 24 hours to remove them before your risk for disease transmission goes up. Scrub off in the shower and check yourself carefully. If you don’t wash your clothes, at least toss them in the dryer for a cycle at the highest heat the garments can handle.
With a pair of tweezers, grasp the tick as close to its head as possible and gently pull it straight out without twisting. Wash the area with soap and water and keep an eye on the area. Rashes generally appear within three to seven days, though remember, not all people who get-tick borne diseases get rashes, so if you feel flu-like symptoms, see your doctor. Also, if you find a tick that is embedded and swelling with blood, and Lyme disease is present in area, you can see your doctor for a short course of antibiotics to prevent infection.
1. Our Chief instructor has created and modified all appropriate programs since 2006 based on the experiences from all of our graduates' needs and goals.
5. Visualizing the Pre- and Post- lessons, including the comparisons of the instructor and student driving.
(*1-Day Course:outside view only, and 2- and 3-Day Course: in-car and outside views for Standard and Premium courses.)
6. Be able to offer Appropriate Advice to drifting competitors. Our Chief instructor is one of the judges for local Formula Drift ProAM competition for years.
I am a stunt performer and stunt driver who has taken almost every performance driving school in North America, from stunt driving to road racing to rally driving and finally drifting.
When I first tried drifting, I loved it immediately, and eagerly entered into an arrangement for coaching and arrive and drive competition with the most prominent “drift school” I could find on google. After a year of wasted time, and an embarrassing amount of money spent trying to advance and running into the same roadblocks - 'coaches' who could not explain to me how or why a technique was supposed to work, and being provided with cars that were not set up to perform at the level I was supposed to be driving at, I finally came to Taka and Yoshie at Drift School USA.
From the get go I realized their approach is special - from instructional videos shot at all angles inside and outside the car, filming and video review of each on-track session in their climate controlled trailer, specifically isolating maneuvers and showing me exactly where I need to modify my techniques. Drift school USA’s approach is designed to teach real skills, not just take your money and let you roast tires.
I was incredibly frustrated when I realized that I’d learned more from Taka in an afternoon than I had in a over 30 days of dedicated 'instruction' and track time from the other school. More than anything else, his detailed analysis and explanations meant I understood exactly what changes to make to achieve a certain result and *why* they worked.
I would not hesitate to recommend Drift School USA to any driver looking to step up their game through one on one coaching and real technical analysis.
If you want to feel good and have fun with some cheap seat time, by all means, save money by going for the cheaper up front price tag of another school, you won’t even realize how much you’re missing at first. But do yourself a favour and ask for the credentials of the your instructors. When I started digging there’s a reason the other schools don’t name their instructors or publish their resumes. The decades of competitive driving and instructional experience put this school truly in its own league.
1. Where is your class at & Where are you located ? A. Our classes are mainly offered at Willow Springs International Raceway , an...
Drifting is still new, only about 15 years of history in the US. Even if you know the alphabet, it doesn't mean you cou...
Exclusive Venue Usage (Closed to Public) *Great for any days as long as dates are available. PROS: Be able to sit in the car ...
How would you choose a drifting school to attend? Some are expensive, and some are reasonable. Why us? What makes us so unique?...
We get many inquires like, "How far I can learn in 1-day course?" It depends on the previous Motorsports experiences, ho...
Instruction ONLY Lessons are available for purchase at Our Store . Taking the class with your own car. If you decided to...
Testimony from: Zandara Kennedy I am a stunt performer and stunt driver who has taken almost every performance driving schoo...
Taka Aono: Graduated from Creighton University as Physics Major and Cleveland Chiropractic College. Love driving, cars and Starbu...
Our proud graduate, Alec Hohnadell (left), earned 2nd place in Formula D at WA event in 2015. It was his first podium in his 2nd yea...
It is highly recommended style how to hold the steering wheel for both drifting and grip racing purposes.
When you learn how to counter-steer, it is safe to position your thumbs out from the steering wheel.
Don't hold steering wheel like no tomorrow, and don't grab shift knob for no reason while just cursing.
If you have been driving for a while and don't feel like improving much, you might have bad driving habits!
It is very important to analyze the issues and to have right coaches to make the adjustments in right ways.
They realized cars didn't handle the way they expected, more like...they made them worse than before.
One of the most common drift cars available. Aftermarket parts availability is one of the reasons to make this car as a keeper.
Heavy car with decent torque. Rotation speed of car is slower because of the weight and longer wheelbase design. Now Lexus IS300 is getting popular in drifting scene.
Same Car Driven by Taka Aono, Tuchiya Keiichi, Takumi Fujiwara (Initial D), known as the great car to learn driving techniques.
Nissan 350z Engine Equipped with 6 SPD. Feels more powerful than original 350z due to the light weigh chassis.
Tumbleweed Corner, Estaca, NM. Not as large as some of the specimens seen whipping around the valleys and mesas. I have seen these entities adorned with scraps of paper, embedded with plastic grocery bags, water bottles and bits of sage brush. Around these parts they have been referred to, affectionately, as “mesa street sweepers”. Where one or more is gathered there will be others. Thanks for looking. G
Bank-owned Lewisburg property comes to market! Commercial building with 2 lots totaling 3.7 +/- acres just north of I-64. Contact today! 304.661.6543
best paint brands acrylic paint brands elegant 5 of the best available acrylic paint brands for artists paint brands for cars
backsplash ideas for small kitchen tile ideas collection kitchen pictures tips from throughout for backsplash designs ideas kitchen
bathroom drain stopper bathroom sink plug stainless steel with overflow hole sink stopper basin vanity vessel sink push bathroom sink drain stopper replacement
build it yourself furniture kits build it yourself furniture kits do closet kit for under organizing your own dollhouse build it yourself furniture kits build your own outdoor furniture kits
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror left solace bath bar by tech lighting a right oval recessed mirror by tech lighting bathroom light fixture above mirror
battery powered nail gun how good is the battery life this is one of the most common questions when it comes to cordless power tools i think a battery would be fine battery powered nail gun makita
butcher block countertop home depot home depot wood best materials home depot inspirational making wood s for kitchen special home walnut butcher block countertop home depot
bath mat runner x rug new x bath rug bathroom rug runner x rugs bathroom rug runner bath rug runner target
building a garden shed how i built this adorable garden shed probase garden building shed base system
building a deck over concrete concrete over concrete brave building a deck over concrete floating deck over concrete patio deck over deck over slab building a floating deck over a building a deck with
bench style kitchen table farmhouse style kitchen table fresh modern farmhouse dining table beautiful of dining bench pub style kitchen table with bench
butcher block countertop home depot butcher block wood kitchen home depot wooden walnut butcher block countertop home depot
bay window seat cushions how to create a window seat bay window seat cushions s cushion trapezoid how to make bay window seat cushions for sale
best paint brands interior paint brand reviews lovely the ten best house paint brands best paint brands ranked
beats studio wireless refurbished beats studio wireless over ear blue refurbished refurbished beats studio wireless uk
best carpet stain remover best carpet cleaner stain remover stain remover carpet carpet cleaner fabric spot stain remover oz spray best carpet cleaner stain remover carpet stain remover company
bolero shrug sweater sale clothing women sweaters knitted bolero shrug short sleeve crochet shrug clothing white bolero shrug sweater
best couch for dog owners best sofa fabric for dogs best couch fabric for dogs best couch for dog owners for best sofa fabric for dogs best couch for dog owners
building a deck over concrete build a deck over concrete decor of deck over concrete patio building a wooden deck over building deck around concrete slab
basic tool kit 8 sets of combination packages of basic maintenance tools screwdriver pliers hammer foot knife wrench in hand tool sets from tools on tool kit for motorcycle india
bathroom fan cfm invent decorative oil rubbed bronze ceiling installation bathroom exhaust fan with light bathroom fan cfm too high
best oven range best oven range a new gas range is a serious investment why the good housekeeping institute best oven range dual oven range electric
briggs stratton power washer and pressure washer nozzle pressure washer nozzles and power washer parts near me briggs stratton pressure washer pump saver msds
best paint for walls best paint for interior garage walls paint garage walls themed paint for garage walls best paint best paint for interior garage walls should you paint walls before installing trim
backboard and rim basketball backboard and rim basketball backboard and rim basketball backboard rim dimensions spalding nba backboard rim combo 44 polycarbonate backboard
bay window seat cushions window seat bay window seat bench window seat cushion pattern size bay window seat bay window seat cushion trapezoid
build a toy box small storage bench seat bench toy box lovely inspirational how to build a wooden storage bench seat small benches easy diy toy box plans
battery operated water fountain indoor battery operated water fountain for battery operated water fountain battery operated drinking fountain for cats
best wood for decks wood deck stain beauty protection for decks best sealer colors wooden decks with roofs
bathtub drain replacement bathtub drain bathtub drain bathtubs bathtub drain clogged plunger bathtub drain stopper repair how to bathtub drain gasket replacement
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror bathroom lighting over vanity light vanity led vanity light fixture lovely over mirror bathroom lights elegant bathroom light fixtures over large mirror
black steel fence minimalist black steel fence euro black powder coated steel decorative fence panel
build it yourself furniture kits build it yourself furniture kits new micro loft complete kit build your own dollhouse furniture kits
battery operated water fountain fabulous battery powered outdoor fountain best images about solar water fountains on ceramics battery operated water fountain pet
best leaf blower vs blower what is the best leaf blower vs corded versus leaf vs blower excellent leaf leaf blower cordless menards
blue area rug 5x7 outdoor rug navy blue area rug area rugs sold near me outdoor rug light blue area rug 5x7
beats studio wireless refurbished beats refurbished beats by dr dre studio 2 wireless over ear headphones
batman ride on car toys kids for luxurious battery power ride on toys for kids and power wheels battery powered batman ride car
build a toy box wooden toy box bench kids wooden toy chest box bench how to build a home improvement wooden toy box build toy box free plans
best cabinet paint colors best kitchen cabinet paint best kitchen paint gray paint swatches best kitchen paint colors ideas for best kitchen cabinet paint cabinet paint colors with white appliances
best couch for dog owners best sofa fabric for dogs couch material good dog owners best couch covers for pet owners
brilliant eye brightener brilliant eye brightener powered by right light instantly brightens and lifts your in bio brilliant eye brightener video
bathtub drain replacement tub drain gasket bathtub drain installation view the installation process bathtub drain assembly installation bathtub drain bathtub drain pipe replacement cost
battery operated water fountain pet drinking fountain with an internal rechargeable battery battery operated water fountain for dogs
basement floor tiles over concrete how to lay floor tile on a concrete floor with an uneven laying tile on concrete basement floor tiles over concrete
battery operated water fountain battery operated pet fountains small battery operated water fountain small battery operated water fountain suppliers and manufacturers at battery operated water fountai
battery operated water fountain battery water fountain creative design beautiful powered outdoor operated battery operated water fountain for cats
battery operated water fountain battery operated fountain pump battery operated fountain pump kit mini indoor table battery operated water fountain battery operated water fountain singapore
building a deck over concrete wood deck over concrete patio home design ideas in plans 7 building deck around concrete slab
bathtub drain replacement installing a bathtub drain how to clean bathroom sink drain trap beautiful bathtub drain plumbing bathtub installing a bathtub drain bathtub drain leak repair cost
butcher block countertop home depot kitchen decoration medium size kitchen butcher blocks wood block pros and cons home depot maple butcher block countertops home depot
best wood for decks wood for decks what is best backyard backyard wood deck designs best of pin by on decking wood for sale port elizabeth
build a toy box how to make a toy box make toy box out bench plans with store in build your own toy chest how to make a toy box make toy box out bench plans building plans toy boxes
basic home tool kit buy tool kit basic hardware tool kit home repair tool kit repair tools in cheap price on best home tool kit with drill
best wood for retaining wall timber retaining wall fresh best path bed retaining wall berms images on treated wood retaining wall design
best paint for walls paint wall on popular designs painting walls stunning best ideas home design for white before selling best paint for walls painting walls and ceiling one color
backyard deck pictures the deck offers a spa and an outdoor small dining table set outdoor deck ideas pictures
best way to unclog bathtub ways to unclog a bathtub how to unclog bathtub drain without chemicals best way to unclog your bathtub drain unclog bathtub chemical
backsplash ideas for small kitchen kitchen islands stylish kitchen tile ideas kitchen designs kitchen backsplash ideas small kitchen
bolero shrug sweater sale clothing women sweaters knit bolero shrug short sleeve open front shirred cropped white bolero shrug sweater
battery powered nail gun volt one cordless airstrike gauge brad kit with ah battery ryobi nail guns for sale
bay window couch elite joinery services window seats and storage bay window seating bay window storage seat uk
building a small shed small tool shed premium small sheds how to build a small tool shed plans small tool shed building small shed doors
best paint brands buy world famous professional oil paints brand oil paints canvas pigment art supplies paint color acrylic paint colors ml from paint at home depot or lowes
build it yourself furniture kits restorers mission file cabinet kit build it yourself furniture kits
backyard deck designs two story deck ideas two level backyard deck ideas 2 story decks deck designs backyard deck outdoor deck railing designs
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror image of bathroom lighting ideas over mirror bathroom light fixtures over large mirror
beats studio wireless refurbished beats studio wireless over ear headphone matte black certified refurbished refurbished beats studio wireless uk
bosch dual fuel range the distinctive dual fuel range is built with a digital meat probe to know when bosch 30 slide in dual fuel range
best way to unclog bathtub are you looking for a way to clear to your clogged tub drain one unclog bathtub drain with bleach
bosch 800 series washer fetching side by side washer dryer set with front plus series refrigerator images bosch 800 series washer and dryer reviews
building a small shed click here to receive a free color brochure of our storage buildings building small shed plans
best cabinet paint colors kitchen cabinet paint best cabinet paint ideas on kitchen cabinets painting cabinets and gray valspar cabinet paint lowes colors
brushed nickel medicine cabinet medicine cabinet brushed nickel brushed nickel medicine cabinet home kohler brushed nickel medicine cabinet
best couch for dog owners family room organization rustic home decor ideas studio apartment layout sofas clearance best couch couch for dog owners
best wood for decks wood deck paint color ideas deck color ideas deck painting ideas painted deck ideas painted decks decking wood for sale durban
best soil for grass seed best grass seeds for sandy soil lawn sprinklers grass seed grass and sandy soil sandy soil grass seed
best windows for home surprisingly most homeowners think that there are just two or three different types of house windows to choose from they be more wrong windows 10 home to pro upgrade cost
build a toy box modern toy box home home toy box made from pallet wood on home homemade toy box modern toy box build your own toy box kit
beats studio wireless refurbished refurbished beats by studio wireless headphones refurbished beats by dr dre studio 2 wireless over ear headphones
best windows for home an eclectic mix of architectural details from many eras of traditional and homes make interpretation quite unique windows home depot reviews
building a garden shed sally looking for how to build a shed floor on deck blocks building garden shed planning permission
bay window seat cushions bay window cushion seats bay window seat cushion window bench seat cushions trapezoid bay window cushion custom bay window seat bay window cushion seat bay window seat cushion
basic home tool kit home tool set cordless driver screw screws digital caliper tools basic kit inspection too basic home maintenance tool kit
battery powered nail gun battery powered finish nail gun unique nail gun cordless second fix angled cordless electric nail gun harbor freight
brass wall mount mailbox full size of decoration old fashioned wall mount mailbox plastic wall mailbox secure outdoor mailbox secure polished brass wall mount mailbox
bathtub drain replacement how to fix bathtub drain replace bathtub drain replacing bathtub drain plug how to remove a bathtub drain assembly removal
backsplash ideas for small kitchen ideas for small kitchen small ideas ideas for small kitchen for small kitchen ideas small kitchen backsplash tile designs ideas
beats studio wireless refurbished beats by solo 3 or studio 2 wireless on ear headphones matte black rose gold refurbished beats studio wireless uk
briggs stratton power washer oil removal kit by briggs and stratton powerflow pressure washer reviews
best soil for grass seed this grass has a tolerance to disease and insects grows nicely under low maintenance and handles soil which timberline topsoil grass seed
bosch 800 series washer series reviews series dryer series front load dryer property room series washer dryer reviews series bosch 800 series washer home connect
backsplash ideas for small kitchen small kitchen kitchen redesign ideas on a budget kitchen ideas kitchen tile designs kitchen ideas backsplash ideas for small kitchens
best workbench top garage workbench with also a best garage workbench with also a garage work table with also workbench table top thickness
building a small shed vista 7 ft 4 in x 4 ft 1 in resin storage building a small shed for lawn mower
bay window couch bay window couch kitchen bay window seat bay window couch bay window couch medium size of bay window couch built in bay window seat with storage
best way to unclog bathtub best way to unclog bathtub drain unclog unclog bathtub drain tool unclog bathtub chemical
butcher block countertop home depot in h x in w x in d maple butcher block maple butcher block countertops home depot
backyard deck designs deck design plans backyard deck designs plans with worthy backyard deck designs plans backyard deck plans outdoor deck railing designs
best oven range looking for a new range oven or these are the very best we tested this year oven range combo
best paint for walls best paint for bathroom walls waterproof paint for bathroom walls waterproof paint for bathroom walls best you paint walls or trim first
building a small shed building a small shed run in shed plans building your own horse barn horse barn plans building small shed doors
backyard drainage solutions lawn drainage solutions s yard st clay soil landscape yard drainage solutions near me
best cabinet paint colors kitchen cabinets paint colors cabinets painted with kitchen cabinet paint colors benjamin moore
build it yourself furniture kits build own furniture build your own patio furniture pallet porch furniture build your own outdoor furniture build it yourself furniture kits
basic home tool kit basic tool set for car home depot and chest general household hand tool kit mechanics universal socket wrench in hand tool sets from tools on home depot basic home tool kit
build it yourself furniture kits build it yourself furniture kits alternative views your own build it yourself furniture build your own outdoor furniture kits
bay window couch bay window couch bay window seats with storage bay window seats bay window seats bay window couch diy bay window seat ikea
bosch 800 series washer series dishwasher manual series series bosch nexxt 800 series washer and dryer
build it yourself furniture kits mission dining table pedestal kit build your own dollhouse furniture kits
best leaf blower leaf blower buying guide how to pick the best leaf blower in town leaf blower lowes home depot
beats studio wireless refurbished beats studio wireless refurbished beats studio wireless refurbished best buy
butcher block kitchen countertops wanted a warm material for her open kitchen so she selected edge grain butcher block countertops kitchen design
building a shed foundation shed foundation the 5 most popular shed foundations building storage shed concrete slab
brushed nickel medicine cabinet brushed nickel medicine cabinet brushed nickel medicine cabinet image of medicine cabinet brushed brushed nickel medicine kohler brushed nickel medicine cabinet
beats wireless headphones refurbished refurbished beats by e beats wireless beats solo3 wireless on ear headphones refurbished
backyard deck designs patio design ideas and deck designs deck ideas deck plans wood garden deck ideas designs
best composite decking brand 2016 since capped polymer decking is plastic it expands and contracts during changes in temperature slightly more than capped composite decking best composite decking bran
beats wireless headphones refurbished beats by e solo 3 wireless headphones a grade refurbished beats solo3 wireless headphones refurbished
backsplash ideas for small kitchen ideas for kitchens ideas for small kitchens backsplash designs ideas kitchen
best windows for home keep your home fashionable with these window trends for windows home server 2011 replacement
best wood for retaining wall best wood for retaining wall what is the best wood to use for retaining walls best wood for retaining wall terraced wood retaining wall ideas
bathroom fan cfm high bathroom fan high bathroom fans whatever the application or need has the solution quiet bathroom fan cfm too high
building a shed foundation foundation for shed building a shed foundation shed foundation ideas photo 1 of 7 backyard shed building shed concrete footings
beats wireless headphones refurbished refurbished matte black beats wireless headphones certified refurbished beats solo3 wireless on ear headphones
bay window seat cushions bay window cushions bay window seat cushions bay window cushions bay window seat cushions stripe fabric bay window cushions bay window seat cushions bay window seat cushions c
best wood for decks how to clean your wood deck outside inspirations of best wood preservative for decks composite wood decks pictures
bath mat runner bath rug runner contemporary bathroom rug runner awesome nice what is a bath mat s the best bath rug runner sets
bay window couch window seats for sale bay window sofa cool and comfy bay window seats bay window seats window seats for sale bay bay window seats in kitchen
best couch for dog owners extraordinary best couch material for cat furniture fabric newly black leather with navy blue dog pet toddler stain large allergy owner hot weather leather couch for dog owne
basic tool kit the anvil homeowners tool set toolkit our basic toolkit recommendation in its case basic tool kit for college
bay window couch bay window sofas nice bay window couch on crescent circular curved bay window sofa bay window bay window sofas bay window seats diy
bobs shoes near me bobs shoes never been worn too small for me can you wash bobs shoes with memory foam
battery operated water fountain battery operated fountain desk water fountain battery operated tabletop fountain unique tabletop water battery operated water fountain battery operated water fountain p
backsplash ideas for small kitchen modern kitchen ideas medium size of kitchen redesign kitchen design pictures modern very small kitchen design modern white kitchen ideas backsplash ideas small kitch
best paint for walls living room with flat finish ceiling paint no sheen gray owl walls should you paint ceiling walls or trim first
building a deck over concrete building a floating deck over concrete slab floating deck over concrete patio building deck over slab building a floating deck with concrete blocks
best leaf blower best leaf vacuum for yards and gardens gas blower with vacuum leaf blower reviews battery
best way to unclog bathtub 2 bathroom sink drain how to unclog bathroom sink unclogging a sink with a how to unclog bathtub with hand snake
backyard deck pictures wonderful backyard deck ideas home smart outdoor deck ideas outdoor wood deck designs
best way to unclog bathtub basement floor drain clogged beautiful clogged bathtub drain unique h sink ways to unclog a i cool best unclog bathtub drain with standing water
best paint for walls best metallic paint for walls gold bedroom paint metallic emulsion paint walls painting walls and ceiling one color
build entertainment center plans instructions to build this fireplace mantel with built in cabinets and bookshelves shaker style made out of solid poplar and birch plywood build custom entertainment c
best composite decking brand 2016 although high end composite deck boards offer realistic looks nothing quite compares to the real thing exotic hardwood decks represent the best composite decking bran
backyard wood deck wood deck designs wood deck designs wood double deck bed designs it backyard wood deck designs wood deck vifah outdoor wood deck tiles
best cabinet paint colors miscellaneous best kitchen cabinet paint colors interior cabinet paint colors with white appliances
butcher block kitchen countertops glamorous butcher block island in traditional with quartz next to kitchen lighting alongside white kitchen butcher block kitchen countertops pros and cons
building a small shed sheds and outdoor buildings discount storage sheds small outdoor storage sheds metal storage sheds for sale making a small shed roof
bath mat runner inch bath runner endearing inch bath rug runner with wonderful inch bath rug x bath bath rug runners
best wood for retaining wall retaining wall lumber wood retaining walls are constructed with pressure treated lumber and are used to retaining wall lumber wood retaining wall repair cost
best couch for dog owners best couch for dog owners how to protect furniture from dog couch best sofa material for furniture for dog owners
brushed nickel medicine cabinet brushed nickel medicine cabinet recessed brushed nickel medicine kohler brushed nickel medicine cabinet
best wood for retaining wall pressure treated wood retaining wall best of best top ideas for retaining wall construction images on diy wood garden retaining wall
best rated stoves best rated gas ranges top rated gas top rated gas top rated gas ranges full size best rated cooktops
best paint for walls best paint for interior walls bedroom paint design full size of best painting design for bedroom best paint for interior walls should you paint walls or cabinets first
best way to unclog bathtub best way to unclog bathtub fresh best best way to unclog a bathtub drain ideas unclog bathtub drain with plunger
best outdoor wood sealer sealing outdoor wood furniture best of how to waterproof wood 3 ways bob of sealing outdoor wood sealer spray
beats wireless headphones refurbished beats by 3 wireless refurbished beats solo3 wireless on ear headphones refurbished
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror homes bathroom light fittings over mirror
build a toy box this wooden toy box is pretty and you can make the any size build a chest build outdoor toy box
best rated stoves best rated electric ovens interesting kitchen stoves professional stainless steel ranges and hoods top rated electric stoves 2018
backyard drainage solutions drainage solutions around house backyard water drainage solutions large size of solutions around house types of drainage solutions landscape drainage solutions near me
bath mat runner rose bath rug large bathroom mats and rugs memory foam bath mat runner lavender bath mat rugs brown bathroom rugs bath mat runner uk
beats studio wireless refurbished beats studio wireless red refurbished beats studio 2 wireless refurbished
brown pea coat womens wool blend tan double breasted casual pea coat by is very dark brown pea coat womens
baby doll outfit set inch baby doll clothes fashion doll clothing set doll outfits dress baby doll dresses for juniors
beats wireless headphones refurbished beats by e 3 wireless on ear headphones view of color beats wireless over ear headphones refurbished
backsplash ideas for small kitchen small tile square tile small tile kitchen ceramic tile designs kitchen wall tiles design new backsplash ideas for small kitchens
best oven range drop in oven range electric drop in electric range white best slide in double oven ge oven range microwave
best windows for home the decision to move forward with replacement windows on your home is an important one its the type renovation project that most homeowners have to windows 10 home to pro upgrade
best couch for dog owners best furniture for cat owners best sofa material for cat owners com couch furniture best furniture best furniture for cat owners best couch covers for pet owners
bay window seat cushions bay window seating again like bigger simpler shapes bay window seat cushions ikea
build a toy box handcrafted full thematic alphabet wooden toy box chest bench making a build woodworking plans build your own toy box kit
best carpet stain remover best carpet spot cleaner ever also good for laundry spot treatment best carpet stain remover reviews australia
backsplash ideas for small kitchen kitchen designs for small kitchens tile yellow backsplash designs ideas kitchen
butterfly garden design twelve butterfly inspired designs for your garden succulents form a butterfly shaped maze butterfly garden design layout
black steel fence black steel fence of residential house modern style stock photo black fencer steel
best couch for dog owners best couch covers best sofa covers for dogs with sure fit waterproof sofa cover with best best couch furniture for dog owners
backyard deck designs deck designs ideas deck designs with fire pit fire pit design ideas wooden deck designs ideas small backyard deck designs
best wood for retaining wall best wood for retaining wall plans building wood retaining wall drainage
bay window seat cushions country window seat cushion in seat cushions and window seat cushions home window seat cushions and house bay window seat cushions for sale
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror bathroom lights over mirror large size of light contemporary ceiling rustic delta lighting fixtures bathroom light fixture mirror
backboard and rim the first team contender gymnasium basketball package is a great option for when its time to upgrade your existing backboards and rims basketball hoops rims
building a deck over concrete how to build a raised floor over concrete deck over concrete with build a building patio or and how to raised b how to build a raised floor over concrete building deck co
brushed nickel medicine cabinet brushed nickel medicine cabinets accessories on pegasus brushed nickel medicine cabinet
butcher block countertop home depot home depot home depot laminate depot vanity tops laminate kitchen home depot laminate sheets inch home depot laminate prices butcher block butcher block countertop
best wood for horizontal fence modern front yard fence yard fences ideas home fence ideas genuine front yard fence ideas top horizontal fencing best country yard fences modern front yard horizontal wo
basic home tool kit basic tool set for car home depot and chest general house tools home tool kit uk
backyard deck designs outdoor deck designs outdoor deck designs outdoor deck designs backyard deck designs roof over porch wood deck with pergola outdoor deck designs outdoor rooftop deck ideas design
best carpet stain remover rug stain remover spot shot professional instant carpet stain remover spray can ca best carpet stain carpet stain removal using vinegar and baking soda
best paint brands we are proud to offer the color color palette in a multitude of paint brands including paints do it quality paints and paint brands at ace
best cabinet paint colors kitchen decoration medium size best kitchen cabinet paint colors medium size for kitchens with cream cabinets best white cabinet paint colors
best windows for home often referred to as a solarium or sometimes even a room a is a insulated room with a solid ceiling but surrounded by three windows homegroup windows 10
building a small shed small shed kit interior decor ideas storage sheds plans a is all you need to build small shed building small barns sheds shelters pdf
backyard wood deck a a this beautiful wood deck and pergola were custom designed and built by outdoor living vifah outdoor wood deck tiles
bolero shrug sweater sale clothing women sweaters slender size lace bolero shrug tops short sleeve knit open bolero shrug sweater short sleeve
basic home tool kit having basic tools in your house makes it easier to do simple home repairs that is why for a smart homeowner a home tool set is very important best home tool kit uk
bobs shoes near me kids bobs shoes size 3 home improvement courses kids bobs shoes bobs shoes memory foam
bay window couch bay window seats incredible bay window bench bay window seating fabulous view topic double bay window bay window bench seat for sale
best insulation for basement walls basement insulation basement insulation question contractor talk insulation basement walls code
backsplash ideas for small kitchen ideas for small kitchen tile in designs kit ideas for small kitchen cheap backsplash ideas for small kitchens
best paint for walls wall paint color is drizzle calming mid toned blue gray best paint for walls app
battery powered nail gun airless nail gun max framing specifications max framing cordless nail gun manual battery powered nail gun lowes
best outdoor wood sealer oil based wood sealer best concrete paint oil based floor paint laundry room concrete floor paint oil based wood sealer outdoor wood sealer home depot
building a small shed small shed designs garden building plans storage shed plans storage building outside sheds work building a small shed for lawn mower
bay window couch home gn home gn appealing miniature sofas reading nook related to window seats outstanding window seats and bay windows bedroom bay window seat ideas
best outdoor wood sealer best outdoor wood sealer sealer for wood wood sealers wood fence sealer reviews sealer for wood best outdoor wood sealer outdoor wood sealer reviews
bay window seat cushions no sew bay window seat cushion with regard to pillows amusing custom how make cushions pads bay window bench cushion trapezoid
best couch for dog owners best couch material for dogs that shed the advanced guide to couch material dogs best best couch for dog owners
bay window seat cushions bay window seat seating for bedroom ideas bay window seat cushion kitchen bay window seat designs bay window seat cushions diy
build it yourself furniture kits plans mudroom locker with bench rogue engineer 2 1 build furniture kits
best couch for dog owners best couch covers for pet owners sectional sofa pet covers for sofas large size of best best furniture fabric for dog owners
best attic ventilation understand when to vent your roof when not to and how to execute each approach successfully attic ventilation baffles
best outdoor wood sealer deck sealer best wood stain 1 gallon exterior and cedar outdoor colors decking western door clean seal or outdoor wood sealer home depot
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror new buy over mirror bathroom light online at bathroom light fixture mounted on mirror
batman ride on car batman style concept kids ride on children toy car with remote control batman ride on car halfords
backyard drainage solutions sidewalk drainage solutions how to redirect water runoff drainage ditch landscaping ideas outdoor drainage solutions brisbane
battery operated water fountain battery operated outdoor water fountain stunning idea 9 wonderful powered fountains battery operated water fountain for dogs
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror bathroom light mirror bathroom mirrors and lighting bathroom light fixtures over mirror home depot bathroom light fixtures side mirror
backboard and rim basketball backboard and rim new basketball hoop backboard rim acrylic combo net outdoor goal lifetime glass backboard and rim combo with mounting kit
best cabinet paint colors the best kitchen cabinet paint colors kitchen intended for astounding kitchen cabinet paint colors 2018
beats wireless headphones refurbished solo e beats wireless red on ear headphones refurbished beats solo 2 wireless headphones refurbished
brazilian hardwood decking also known as redwood or bullet wood is a very dense hardwood the tree is quite large and it yields straight and brazilian hardwood decking care
best wood for retaining wall wood retaining walls cost best wood for retaining wall retaining wall wooden tagged retaining wall pine wood retaining walls wood retaining wall examples
best workbench top easy to make workbench uses door as top i could use the old 6 ft workbench workbench top plywood thickness
battery powered nail gun global battery powered nail gun market presents a professional and in depth study on the current state of the battery powered nail gun market globally ryobi battery nail gun r
best rated stoves best gas ranges top rated gas stoves best gas ranges under full image for gas best rated gas stoves canada
best carpet stain remover say goodbye to your carpet stains with these cleaning hacks homemade carpet stain remover spray
best attic ventilation baffles placed in this area channel intake air into either the attic space or vent chutes and also prevent insulation from falling into the and attic ventilation florida buildin
backyard drainage solutions gravel walkway french drain walkway and path valley ca backyard drainage solutions brisbane
bay window seat cushions bay window cushions are most often trapezoids if your window seat is a rectangle please design your cushion from our selection of window seat cushion bay window bench cushion
best way to unclog bathtub bathtub drain stopper new clogged bathtub drain unique h sink ways to unclog a i cool unclog bathtub drain with hot water
bulova rose gold watch mens shop marine star black and rose gold steel quartz watch free shipping today bulova mechanical rose gold automatic mens watch
building a shed foundation how to build a foundation for a shed completed shed foundation and floor build shed foundation building shed foundation
bathtub drain replacement how to replace bathtub drain cover changing bathtub drain how to replace a bathroom drain replacing how to replace bathtub drain bathtub drain stopper replacement parts
best paint brands best paint brands non toxic house no paints at home depot pa paint at home depot or lowes
brushed nickel medicine cabinet brushed nickel medicine cabinet medicine cabinet espresso medicine cabinet replace brushed nickel recessed medicine allen and roth brushed nickel medicine cabinet
bath mat runner bath mat runner memory foam bath runners memory foam bath rug non slip bathroom runner rugs memory foam cushioned bath rug runner x bath rug runner walmart
building a deck over concrete floating deck over concrete patio floating deck over concrete patio deck over concrete deck tiles over building a wooden deck over concrete steps
butcher block kitchen countertops butchers block kitchen in butcher block kitchen countertops reviews
blue and white striped comforter gray and white striped comforter sets full size of comforters stirring duvet cover light blue red and blue striped comforter sets
best composite decking brand 2016 new for deck has introduced island oak a fashion forward mid gray tone from the harvest collection use island oak to transport you to the low best composite decking b
best paint brands i feel like it is hard to come across really good and these are the best that i have found the brand works really well and is a paint at sherwin williams
bath mat runner memory foam bath runners memory foam bath rug collection memory foam cushioned bath rug runner x bath rug runner bed bath beyond
best paint brands brands of paint best paint brands interior paint brands luxury the best paints when your walls brands of paint best best paint brands for cars
bathroom drain stopper bath drain stopper bathtub drain bathroom sink stopper parts kitchen replacement by wonderful bathtub drain bathtub drain stopper removal bathroom sink drain stopper replacement
best rated stoves best gas stove top gas stoves top rated professional gas ranges top rated gas stoves best gas stove highest rated stoves 2018
best wood for retaining wall retaining wall wooden best wood for retaining wall retaining walls wood wooden retaining wall retaining walls wood retaining wall cost uk
backyard wood deck amazing covered deck ideas to inspire you photos great covered deck design ideas backyard deck and ground level deck outdoor wood decking
bench style kitchen table black kitchen table bench black kitchen table with bench kitchen tables with benches bench style kitchen barn style kitchen table with bench
beats wireless headphones refurbished refurbished rose beats wireless over ear headphones beats solo 2 wireless headphones refurbished
build it yourself furniture kits make your own farmhouse style trestle table with our table kit these table kits are custom made for the finished length of table you would like 5 build furniture kits
bathtub sliding glass doors bathtub and sliding glass door of modern house stock photo bathtub sliding glass door repair
black steel fence a black sliding steel fence are used to control access to a factory black steel decorative fence panels
bay window seat cushions window cushion window window bench seat cushions bay window with bench design seat cushion ideas impressive window cushion bay window bench cushion trapezoid
best outdoor wood sealer outdoor wood sealer best outdoor wood sealer outdoor wood sealer best wood stain colors ideas on outdoor wood sealer sealing outdoor wood furniture best outdoor wood sealer sp
building a small shed storage sheds for sale small x 6 ft shed outdoor how to build front yard landscaping wooden buildings building a small gable roof shed
best oven range side by double oven gas range incredible 6 of the most popular arrangements for kitchen island side by double oven design electric range stove oven range home depot
best paint brands what s the best paint for furniture thrift diving blog from home depot paint brands paint brands sold at walmart
brass wall mount mailbox brass wall mount mailbox polished awesome mailboxes mounted flag locking mailbox wall mount polished brass tries antique brass wall mount mailbox
battery powered nail gun cordless nail gun harbor freight harbor freight palm compact palm air harbor freight palm battery powered nail gun harbor freight battery powered nail guns for sale
building concrete countertops picture of gather your materials have a plan building concrete countertops youtube
build a toy box toy box bench toy box bench for my daughter by com in chest plan toy box toy box diy wooden toy storage
brazilian hardwood decking the deck building crew worked for two weeks to construct and finish this two story deck constructed of courtesy of list brazilian hardwood decking care
building a shed foundation how to build a gravel foundation for a shed storage shed foundations shed foundations backyard ideas building a shed without concrete slab
best couch for dog owners best best couch for dog owners about remodel sofa table ideas with best couch for best couch covers for pet owners
best wood for decks outdoor patio and backyard medium size wood floor hardwood decking patio backyard deck best ideas home wooden decks with roofs
best couch for dog owners best couch covers for pets fresh couch for dogs for protect sofa furniture for dog owners
black metal fence suburban style house with traditional black iron fencing black vinyl chain link fence for sale
beats wireless headphones refurbished beats by e wireless over ear headphones refurbished beats solo3 wireless on ear headphones refurbished
backsplash ideas for small kitchen ideas for small kitchen small kitchen ideas awesome kitchen backsplash tile designs ideas
backyard deck designs backyard patio deck designs unique outdoor patio furniture deck and of backyard deck designs awesome home outdoor deck bench designs
best soil for grass seed close up of grass seed starting to germinate in the soil soil grass seed mix
building a pond the take away is you are planning to buy land for building a pond agricultural purposes timberland or whatever use an accredited land consultant build pondless waterfall youtube
building concrete countertops feather finish concrete and how to avoid a huge mistake building concrete countertops with buddy rhodes
best paint brands best house paints brands looking for the best gold spray paint top house paint brands best house paints brands paint brands sold at walmart
big lots pergola contemporary design big lots pergola gazebo somerset and fisher on big lots outdoor pergola
best way to unclog bathtub kitchen sink tip how to unclog a hair filled bathtub drain best tips for unclog drain how to fix a clogged toilet drain opener unclog kitchen sink how to unclog bathtub drai
building a small shed building a small shed pictures landscape timber shed plans large building small shed roof
basic tool kit after a few projects soon get tired of working on the ground or on a tipsy card table a simple pair of sawhorses can provide a steady surface at a basic tool kit walmart
best cabinet paint colors kitchen paint ideas gray kitchen paint kitchen cabinet paint colors grey shaker kitchen cabinet paint colors with white appliances
batman ride on car score a super low price on these cute fisher price ride on toys has the little people music parade ride on or the dc super friends batman batman batmobile ride on car with remote co
build a toy box pirate toy boxes build the perfect outdoor toy storage this treasure chest toy box is big diy large wooden toy box
best outdoor wood sealer best outdoor stain and sealer best deck sealer best deck sealant best deck stain deck stain outdoor wood sealer menards
bath mat runner navy blue bath rug bathroom rug runner medium size of bathroom navy blue bath rug runner thick bath mat sets navy blue and white bath rugs bath rug runners
briggs stratton power washer and professional series power washer 0 gas pressure washer parts and and professional series power briggs stratton pressure washer pump repair
best way to unclog bathtub this works i had a shower without standing in a pool in a long time unclogging bathtub drains baking soda
best cabinet paint colors grey rectangle traditional wooden best colors for small kitchens stained ideas for paint colors cabinet paint colors
bay window seat cushions bay window cushions seats bay window seat cushion trapezoid window seat cushions bay window cushions window bay window cushions seats bay window seat cushions custom
best way to unclog bathtub how to snake a bathtub elegant best best way to unclog bathtub unclog bathtub pop up drain
best way to unclog bathtub pulling out the lever mechanism unclogging bathtub unclog bathtub drain bathtub plumbing bathtub unclog bathtub pop up drain
build entertainment center plans also in the next page you will find a plan for sliding barn door media wall suite for those who want to build one build custom entertainment center plans
build a toy box toy box designs chest ideas unique girls on in with seat wooden bench plans build pallet image titled build a toy building plans toy boxes
butcher block kitchen countertops butcher block kitchen cost butcher block kitchen home depot kitchen counters butcher block kitchen great butcher block countertops kitchen sink
blue and white striped comforter white comforter sets full grey comforter full light grey comforter gray and white comforter full size navy blue and white striped comforter set
backyard deck designs back yard decks beautiful backyard decks backyard deck designs best backyard deck designs ideas on backyard decks best photos beautiful outdoor decks deck ideas with hot tub and
bench style kitchen table farmhouse table with bench and chairs farm style kitchen table medium size of furniture farm table how to build a bench style kitchen table
build a mailbox build a mailbox how to build a brick mailbox image of brick mailbox design build brick diy 4x4 mailbox post plans
beats studio wireless refurbished beats by e open box beats studio wireless over the ear headphones black 3 offers beats studio 2 wireless refurbished
butcher block countertop home depot home depot wood butchers block the home depot walnut butcher block countertop home depot
best paint brands just had the interior of my unit painted by the pros they used this gear best paint job seen for a while paint brands at home depot
building concrete countertops well we did actually poured our own concrete and i spent hours and hours and hours researching this before we did diy concrete countertops over existing formica
bathroom chandelier lighting add a little glitz to your bathroom with this pretty light modern bathroom chandelier lighting
best couch for dog owners couch for dogs best couch for dog owners best furniture for dog owners best upholstery fabric best couch for dog owners
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror modern bath light fixtures light modern bathroom bathroom lighting medium size the modern bathroom light fixture bathroom light fixture mounted on mirror
battery operated water fountain solar powered garden fountain battery operated garden fountains small solar powered water feature grey resin birdbath battery operated water fountain for cats
beats wireless headphones refurbished solo e beats wireless purple on ear headphones refurbished beats wireless on ear headphone black certified refurbished
bathroom lighting fixtures over mirror bath room lights appealing ceiling mounted bathroom light fixtures bathroom lights over mirror hanging lamps and bathroom light fittings over mirror
building a deck over concrete very low deck over concrete deck over concrete patio build deck over patio deck over concrete building a wooden deck over concrete slab
building a deck over concrete floating deck over concrete patio how to build a raised deck over concrete build wood deck building deck on concrete pad
bathtub sliding glass doors wonderful shower door parts bathtubs remove bathtub sliding glass doors drop in bathtub with sliding glass shower doors on shower door install bathtub sliding glass door
best rated stoves electric ranges with griddle best stove top range rover for sale best kitchen ranges highest rated cooktops
backboard and rim team sports entertainment basketball backboard and rim backboard and rim combo kit
backyard drainage solutions creative exquisite backyard drainage solutions drainage solutions installation landscape drainage solutions near me
building a shed foundation storage shed foundation storage shed foundations picture of building the base and putting up the walls storage shed foundation building shed foundation wood
build entertainment center plans this step by step woodworking project is about entertainment center tower plans if you want to learn how to build a storage towers to the media center build custom ent
best wood for retaining wall wood retaining walls building a wooden retaining wall wooden garden retaining wall image of best timber diy small wood retaining wall
best cabinet paint colors best kitchen cabinet paint colors design kitchen cabinets idea best with for best color to paint top cabinet paint colors 2018
brazilian hardwood decking this gorgeous and deck will last for year with no chemical treatment brazilian hardwood decking prices
building a deck over concrete deck over concrete patio putting deck over concrete patio build deck off concrete patio deck over concrete patio building building deck over existing concrete slab
blue and white striped comforter grey and white striped comforter set black and white striped comforter set navy sets inspirational blue red and blue striped comforter
bobs shoes near me sneakers made by and bobs look like the converse all star shoe left bobs for dogs mens shoes
backboard and rim basketball through a net tags net shot netting hoop swoosh ball outdoor spalding backboard rim combo
backyard deck designs deck design software simple deck designs backyard deck design software simple deck designs outdoor easiest deck outdoor deck designs pictures
bathroom drain stopper how to install a stopper drain in your bathtub bathroom tub drain stopper removal
backyard deck designs deck designer app deck designer work gorgeous composite decking ideas deck designer deck design app backyard deck ideas with hot tub
best insulation for basement walls basement wall sprayed with waterproof closed cell spray foam insulation rigid insulation inside basement walls
battery operated water fountain battery operated water fountain battery operated water fountain amazon
backboard and rim backboard systems lifetime shatterproof backboard and rim basketball co w buy it now only on spalding acrylic backboard and rim combo 52
best rated stoves best rated gas ranges gas range reviews best free standing gas stoves reviews reviews of freestanding best rated gas ranges best rated slide in electric stoves
black door knocker chic home entrance features a black front door with sidelights adorned with a ring knocker lined with mirrored planters filled with black door knocker ring
backyard deck designs deck designs for small backyards backyard deck plans small decks backyard deck designs plans ideas outdoor deck designs australia
best rated stoves best double wall ovens double oven with stove top lovely rated ovens gas stoves best rated slide in electric stoves
baby doll outfit honestly cute baby doll outfit assorted product photo baby doll dresses for wedding guest
backboard and rim get quotations a lifetime competition backboard and rim combo backboard and rim replacement
best insulation for basement walls interior basement walls need this type of because the 1 2 on both sides wall and foam insulation basement walls
bathtub drain replacement how to take out bathtub drain remove bathtub stopper how to remove bathtub drain fix bathtub bathtub drain repair kit lowes
best couch for dog owners best furniture for pet owners best living room furniture for pet owners dog re decorates living best furniture for pet owners best couch covers for pet owners
build a toy box toy box plans plans to build toy box wood plans download toy box plans toy box diy wood toy box bench
best carpet stain remover best spot cleaner for carpet best carpet spot cleaner ever also good for laundry spot treatment best spot cleaner for carpet carpet upholstery cleaning solution spot stain re
best outdoor wood sealer sealing outdoor wood furniture best outdoor wood sealer outdoor wood furniture best outdoor wood sealer for outdoor wood sealer home depot
best wood for decks a heavy duty stain remover can be used to remover tree sap from decks wood decks around swimming pools
backyard deck pictures luxury backyard with wood deck next to swimming pool backyard wooden deck designs
building a deck over concrete how to build a deck over concrete view topic can u deck over existing concrete slab building a wooden deck over concrete slab
best attic ventilation best type of attic ventilation image balcony and attic ventilation system with built in baffle
bay window couch cushions bay window couch bench with storage for seat seats diy bay window seat ikea
butcher block countertop home depot butcher block home depot marvelous kitchen butcher block home depot gives your added butcher block wood home depot photos walnut butcher block countertop home depot
best carpet stain remover the best carpet stain removal hacks vanish gold carpet stain remover spray
backsplash ideas for small kitchen small kitchen ideas ideas for small kitchen tile ideas small kitchens ideas for small kitchens small kitchen ideas kitchen backsplash tile designs ideas
butcher block countertop home depot home depot butcher block fair glamorous home depot wood butcher blocks photography with regard to butcher block laminate countertops home depot
backsplash ideas for small kitchen large size of kitchen redesign kitchen floor tiles design cheap ideas for backsplash designs ideas kitchen
bench style kitchen table bench style kitchen table and best farmhouse table with bench ideas on of pub style kitchen table with bench
batman ride on car batman style concept kids ride on children toy car with remote control batman batmobile ride on car with remote control black
best rated stoves best rated gas ranges stove brands top stoves renaissance natural range reviews r highest rated stoves 2018
beats wireless headphones refurbished beats beats by geek squad is supplied by a beats manufacturers producers suppliers on global sources smart portable wireless beats wireless on ear headphone black
best paint for walls guest bathroom paint ideas best paint for kitchen and bathroom walls best bathroom paint colors ideas on guest bathroom colors guest bathroom color ideas paint ceiling or walls fi
best composite decking brand 2016 thorough profiles of all plastic decking wood plastic composites composites and aluminum decking as well as profiles of rot resistant woods best composite decking bra
backboard and rim basketball hoop portable outdoor backboard rim net sports driveway adjustable basketball backboard rim combo
best wood for retaining wall prev retaining wall lumber timber design guide retaining wall lumber treated small wood retaining wall ideas
butterfly garden design butterfly and hummingbird garden plans butterfly garden designs home furniture design butterfly garden designs michigan
blue boots for ladies the southern cross zip ladies is a lace up ankle boot with a low cut scalloped padded collar for ease of movement with an industrial grade zipper steel blue ladies boots pink
bathtub drain replacement replacing bathtub drain assembly tub drain replacement replacing bathtub drain how to remove stuck bathtub drain replacing bathtub drain bathtub drain assembly removal
building a deck over concrete building deck on concrete slab deck and cover building a deck on existing concrete slab building a floating deck with concrete blocks
bolero shrug sweater by long sleeve bolero shrug with camisoles sweater jacket sports jackets from bolero shrug sweater short sleeve
best outdoor wood sealer outdoor wood sealer outdoor furniture stain deck stain colors best outdoor wood stain and sealer outdoor wood sealer outdoor wood sealer
big lots pergola big lots outdoor furniture gazebo big lots pergola large size of outdoor fire pit stirring gazebo big lots outdoor pergola
backyard deck designs backyard decks ideas for small yards of with deck pictures outdoor deck fireplace designs
brass wall mount mailbox vertical wall mount mailbox series antique brass standard surface mounted small style polished brass wall mount mailbox
best paint for walls brave best paint for interior walls fabulous painting interior walls painting interior walls with a sprayer painting interior walls gray painting interior paint walls or install t
backboard and rim buy durable standard nylon thread sports basketball hoop mesh net backboard rim ball basketball rim mesh net loops from reliable basketball backboard and rim replacement
brazilian hardwood decking exotic hardwood decking such as walnut and ash are among of the most durable natural wood decking available brazilian hardwood decking atlanta ga
best way to unclog bathtub how to snake a bathtub drain 6 ways to unclog a tub drain clogged bathtub drain unclog bathtub drain with plunger
beats wireless headphones refurbished beats by e geek squad certified refurbished beats wireless headphones gloss refurbished beats by dr dre powerbeats2 wireless in ear headphones
backyard drainage solutions yard drainage solutions lake erosion control drainage problems solved outdoor drainage solutions brisbane
building a shed foundation shed how to plan and build a shed base building shed foundation uneven ground
butcher block kitchen countertops thick maple butcher block for a kitchen in butcher block kitchen countertops pictures
backsplash ideas for small kitchen ideas for white granite of cabinets with bathroom small kitchen pictures cabinet backsplash ideas for small kitchens
backboard and rim basketball backboard and rim basketball hoop rim height basketball backboard and rim basketball backboard rim combo
bathtub sliding glass doors bathtub sliding glass doors door tubs tub panels sliding bathtub door glass panels
best insulation for basement walls this gets into every crevice and gives you fantastic insulation and warmth saving you up to great r value rigid foam insulation basement walls
build a mailbox how to build paint and install a custom mailbox after thrift diving build brick mailbox
battery operated water fountain battery operated pet fountains sophisticated battery operated water fountain battery operated garden water features battery operated battery operated battery powered wa
best couch for dog owners best couch material best couch for dog owners best sofa material for dogs this adorable pink best couch furniture for dog owners
backyard deck designs take a close look at these beautiful pictures you will find yourself analyzing which of backyard deck designs pergolas
black steel fence here is the standard metal fence but without the stone pillars black fencer steel generation longsword
best wood for retaining wall retaining walls wood old timber retaining wall retaining walls retaining walls wood treated wood retaining wall design
battery powered nail gun this is what new cordless framing cordless nail gun electric nail gun harbor freight
beats studio wireless refurbished refurbished beats by refurbished beats by e wireless earbuds refurbished beats by studio refurbished beats studio wireless uk
brushed nickel medicine cabinet inspiring brushed nickel bathroom cabinet brushed nickel medicine cabinet brushed nickel oval kohler brushed nickel medicine cabinet
best carpet stain remover best stain remover for carpet got a stain on your carpet that needs shifting well help best stain remover for carpet carpet stain remover diy
backyard drainage solutions mesmerizing landscape drainage solutions primary care backyard drainage solutions australia
bay window seat cushions bay window cushions seats bay window pillows kitchen bay windows black floral seats cushions combine cool bay window seat cushions diy
build it yourself furniture kits build it yourself furniture kits design your own furniture with this domesticated building set design your build it yourself furniture kits build your own dollhouse fu
beats studio wireless refurbished refurbished beats by refurbished beats by beats studio wireless metallic sky headphones headsets headphones with refurbished beats beats studio wireless refurbished b
best outdoor wood sealer seal outdoor wood furniture sealing outdoor wood furniture outdoor wood furniture best outdoor wood furniture sealer outdoor wood sealer walmart
brushed nickel medicine cabinet extraordinary brushed nickel medicine cabinet on cabinets brushed nickel medicine cabinet home depot
briggs stratton power washer and oil capacity and cc oil capacity briggs and stratton electric pressure washer troubleshooting
bay window seat cushions bay window seat cushion incredible for ideas bench cushions with custom bay window seat cushion trapezoid
batman ride on car international is auctioning off an exact replica of the from batman movie batman ride along car
building a deck over concrete build floating deck very low deck over concrete build floating deck best floating deck plans ideas on easy build building a floating deck over concrete slab building a fl
bobs shoes near me kids bobs shoes from for every pair of sold will donate a new to needy child kids bobs shoes bobs memory foam shoes reviews
bobs shoes near me bobs shoes for kids toddlers fresh images best cute on of fantastic home improvement stores bobs shoes black
building a deck over concrete building deck on concrete slab deck tiles over concrete slab patio building a raised deck over building deck on concrete building small deck on concrete slab
best way to unclog bathtub awesome bathroom tub clogged clogged bathtub drain unique h sink ways to unclog a i cool unclog bathtub
bosch 800 series washer series washer plus water pump essence reviews bosch nexxt 800 series washer and dryer
beats wireless headphones refurbished beats by e wireless earbud headphones white w o box refurbished inventory supply beats solo3 wireless on ear headphones refurbished
battery powered nail gun battery powered nail gun pneumatic industrial finishing battery powered nail gun dewalt
basic tool kit the tools found in the anvil homeowners tool set kit which we recommend as the tool kit for motorcycle touring
best way to unclog bathtub the most unclog a bathtub drain without chemicals family handyman regarding stylish home best drain cleaner for bathtub remodel unclog bathtub drain with hot water
backyard deck pictures make the most of your backyard deck with these landscaping ideas backyard deck patio ideas pictures
black metal fence setting metal fence posts metal privacy fence black privacy fence panels setting metal fence posts in black chain link fence line post
brass wall mount mailbox wall mounted mailbox with flag wall mount mailboxes with flag wall mount mailbox with flag fresh wall mounted mailbox brass finish wall mount mailbox
bathtub drain replacement fix a clogged tub drain quickly and easily by removing the stopper and fishing out the hair and gunk that causes the problem percent of the time we show bathtub drain replace
beats studio wireless refurbished beats studio wireless over ear headphone in gloss black beats studio wireless refurbished best buy
bosch 800 series washer series reviews washer dryer washer dryer reviews series dishwasher reviews series bosch 800 series washer detergent
best carpet stain remover best carpet stain remover for old stains unique make your own laundry stain remover cheaply carpet stain removal vinegar and water
basement floor tiles over concrete grey stained concrete floors grey stained concrete floors basement from tile over concrete basement basement floor tiles over concrete
beats studio wireless refurbished beats studio wireless over ear headphones gloss black certified refurbished refurbished beats by dr dre studio 2 wireless over ear headphones
best paint brands best exterior paint brands ace hardware top in at home depot on sale paint brands ranked
brazilian hardwood decking is our second most popular hardwood decking solution decking is a beautiful hardwood featuring a light yellow to golden brown color ipe brazilian wood decking
basic home tool kit home depot basic tool kit need new tools home depot talking tool box toy home depot home depot basic tool kit best home tool kit with drill
best paint for walls best paint for wall awesome paint wall designs ideas royal painting modernist paints best appealing design home depot paint walls app
build a mailbox make brick mailbox post woodworking projects plans building a video brick mailboxes 1 build build a brick mailbox plans
basic tool kit home depot basic tool kit tool basic tool box best home kit reviews buyers guide the home depot basic tool kit basic tool kit for motorcycle
bench style kitchen table charming bench style kitchen table small with wood dining seating back island for sale oak and 2 chair how to build a bench style kitchen table
building a garden shed how to build a shed 2 free and simple plans how to build a shed outside garden shed plans shed and storage shed plans probase garden building shed base system
build a mailbox build your own mailbox building a mailbox post related post building your own mailbox post build build your own mailbox diy mailbox costume
bay window couch bay window cushion window seat cushions window cushions cushions for window seats custom cushions bay window seat cushions window seat cushions bay window couch in front
backsplash ideas for small kitchen kitchen small kitchen for home design beautiful best kitchen images on cheap backsplash ideas for small kitchens
bay window seat cushions window seat built into bay window with beautiful french mattress cushion bay window seat cushions how to make
butcher block countertop home depot fresh home depot kitchen prices your home inspiration granite s price butcher block s butcher block countertop home depot canada
Every other week, I’m releasing a new story that comes with music, playlists, podcasts, and photos. I call it “The Solo Show.”
In honor of the cold snap that has gripped much of the country, here is “Miracle on Ice,” if the “ice” were a barroom floor in Indianapolis and the “miracle” were a drunk birthday girl who *really loves* AC/DC.
Indiana had been battered with a cold front that had cleared the roads of most everyone but emergency vehicles and me. The weather drove sideways into rows of houses along I-80 and scratched against my windshield like coarse sand. I had a gig at a club called Birdy’s, and had driven across two states, stopping only for peanuts and gas…
Arab Guggenheim Museum and the White House Biennial present: The Kenndedy Bunker 17 May - 14 June 2014
22/01/2016 » Alan norris Crowned Best Newcomer and St Helens Star michael Smith Crowned Young player of the year at the PDC Annual Awards ceremony
Have you ever heard about John Michael Hammersley (1920-2004)? May be not. Hammersley was an eccentric British mathematician who contributed to probability theory at large.
Hammersley studied in Cambridge, and participated, as many others, to the British efforts during the second world war: “[…] Finally in 1942 I was transferred to the Trials Wing at Lydstep. Amongst the personnel at Trials Wing there was a team of about 40 girls who carried out the computations necessary for analyzing the performance of the anti-aircraft equipment, and I was responsible for directing their calculations. One of their jobs consisted in operating the kinetheodolites for tracking a target. The kinetheodolites were a pair of synchronized telescopic cameras at each end of a base line about a couple of miles long, which could give simultaneous readings of the respective angles to a target (either an aircraft or a radar sleeve towed behind an aircraft). From the resulting data it was possible to compute fairly accurate positions of the target and how these positions depended upon time as the target moved along its flight path. In practice it was just an ugly piece of three-dimensional trigonometry; and when I first arrived at Lydstep it was done with pencil and paper with the aid of a 7-figure tables of trigonometric functions, in accordance with traditions of military surveyors. But while surveyors may conceivably be interested in determining a position to the nearest fraction of an inch, it was nonsense to do so for an aircraft target in view of the more dominant errors inherent in gunnery. One of my first reforms was simply to introduce 4-figure trigonometric tables, and to equip the computing room with desk calculating machines in place of longhand pencil and paper sums. The calculating machines were winkled out of the Treasury, who were keeping them massed in a big cupboard in case they might be of future service for financial purposes. […]”, in John Michael Hammersley (1920-2004) by Grimmett and Welsh, 2006. Grimmett and Welsh are two former students of Hammersley. They also edited a volume in honor of Hammersley entitled Disorder in Physical Systems, originally published by Oxford University Press in 1990 (all rights gracefully returned to the authors by OUP in 2001).
Hammersley lived in England and in the US. He was an imaginative problem solver, one of these mathematicians who refused to split mathematics into pure mathematics and applied mathematics. He passionately and provocatively advocated the importance of problem solving and the analysis of concrete mathematical models, in opposition to the exclusive development of abstraction in Mathematics. Recall that this was a huge debate in the second part of the twentieth century, with structuralism, Nicolas Bourbaki, New Math, …
In my humble opinion (blog author), there is no canonical way of doing Mathematics. I appreciate Harmmersley’s arguments because he was fighting against an excess. Mathematics is more a creative art than a technological industry. We should leave each mathematician working using his or her own style, imagination, and tastes. This is of course difficult since the publication process involves evaluations by peers and thus human comedy. Mathematics are rich when both problem solvers and theory builders can work in parallel creatively and successfully. Many of them are complementary. Creativity is reduced if one imposes dogmas or constraints. I do believe that the value of works is only known years after their making.
Hammersley took only eight PhD students. John Halton (known for Halton sequences) was one one them. He tells us how he was unusually recruited: “A cousin drew my attention to an advertisement in the Observer…, seeking applicants for UKAEA Research Studentships, to study Monte Carlo methods for a DPhil at Oxford. . . . In a few weeks, I was invited to “present myself for examination” at the UKAEA site at Didcot. With very little idea of what this would entail, I went. There I found a [number of ] equally bemused applicants, who were ushered into a large hall furnished with a suitable number of small desks and sat down. John Hammersley strode breezily up to the podium, introduced himself, and asked us to write a four-hour examination, consisting of a dozen or so tough mathematical questions. I attempted to solve each problem in turn, suggested possible lines of approach, and tried to answer the questions posed, with little success. At the end of four hours, the papers were collected and we waited anxiously for the outcome.”, ibid.
Legal Stuff: The postings on this site are my own and don't necessarily represent IBM's positions, strategies or opinions.
Купить Женское меховое двухстороннее полупальто "Adamo" по цене 55900 руб в Новосибирске | Интернет-магазин Zheno
ABC’s false story about Trump, Michael Flynn, and Russia revealed the danger of the pursuit to impeach the president.
Get info on best rates for small business loans do banks give small business loans | Get info on best banks for small business loans in massachusetts government small business loans for single moms
Approximately 75 to 100 franchisors are offering or working on offering creative financing programs for start-up franchise owners or those looking to expand. Programs range from zero-percent financing for a limited-term, lower license fees, reduced royalties and minority stake ownership by franchisors in multi-unit outlets. Each brand has its own offering, so down payments and collateral requirements will vary.
Do you own a franchise or are you looking to lease a new location for your existing franchise? National Business Capital provides franchise financing and restaurant financing for current franchisees and offers funding programs with a variety of customizable options. Many franchisees use our franchise financing for remodeling, mandatory franchise updates, new location acquisition and equipment purchases, repairs and upgrades.
If you've always wanted to start your own business but have been afraid of the financial risk involved, opening a franchise might be the perfect solution for you. With a franchise, you get all of the independence, responsibility, and potential profit associated with owning your own business. Unlike starting a business from scratch, a franchise comes with a proven business model and a well-known brand, reducing your risk of failure dramatically. Lenders are well aware of the benefits associated with opening and operating a franchise and are more willing to approve franchise loans than a standard small business loan for a start-up.
While they might not be as plentiful, businesses in rural areas are just as important as businesses in urban areas. The USDA’s Rural Development loan program is dedicated to helping businesses in rural areas get started and grow. Like the SBA, this loan program does not lend directly but rather guarantees loans, which allows entrepreneurs access to a larger line of credit than their personal credit would allow so they can successfully build their business.
After all, small-business loans can help you get from A to B, providing vital capital to jumpstart your business expansion. Yet these loans are also notoriously difficult to get; and, should anything go south with your business, you may lose the collateral you put up for the loan. What's more, to qualify for most bank loans, your company will need to have been in business for at least one to two years and meet annual revenue requirements -- to name just some of the criteria required.
Banks and credit unions are traditional sources for small business loans, and they’re a good place to start. Especially with small institutions, you’ll be able to meet with a lender who can guide you through the process. Larger banks might take a more hands-off approach. To improve your chances of getting approved, ask about SBA loans, which reduce the bank’s risk and feature interest rate caps. The loan process at banks and credit unions can be slow, so be prepared for a long process and a thorough review from the bank.
There are some apps that help to enhance your business on Instagram. One such app is liketoknow.it. This fashion app lets social media influencers tag their Instagram photos with the items in the picture as well as a link to a retail partner of liketoknow.it. If a follower buys an item through the link, both liketoknow.it and the influencer get a part of the profit. This app helps to introduces Instagram users to new items as well as allows influencers to be paid for their work.
Funds cannot be used for lines of credit, owner-occupied housing, projects involving over $1 million and include relocating at least 50 jobs or agricultural production. Funds also cannot be used to fund certain businesses including golf courses, casinos/racetracks, churches or church-controlled businesses, fraternal organizations or lending/investment companies.
Able Lending may also lend you additional funds based on your qualifications and how much you can raise from the people you know. If you can raise up to 10% of your total loan amount from people you know, have a 600+ credit score, have been in business for at least 1 year, and have $100K+ in annual revenue, then you could qualify for a loan through Able Lending. Either way, they can fund you for up to $1,000,000 in as quick as 1 week.
Starting a business entails understanding and dealing with many issues—legal, financing, sales and marketing, intellectual property protection, liability protection, human resources, and more. But interest in entrepreneurship is at an all-time high. And there have been spectacular success stories of early stage startups growing to be multi-billion-dollar companies, such as Uber, Facebook, WhatsApp, Airbnb, and many others.
In addition, the franchise industry is also experiencing a growth in companies dedicated to helping franchise owners secure financing. Two such firms are BoeFly (which matches borrowers to lenders online) and Franchise America Finance (who provides custom lending solutions for franchisees and works with franchisors such as The UPS Store, Popeyes, and Jersey Mike’s).
Eligible funds received through this program can be used for business conversion, repair or enlargement; the purchase and development of land or buildings; the purchase of equipment; debt refinancing as long as new jobs will be created as a result; and/or business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will save and/or create jobs and/or the loan will keep the business open.
Personal Assets – Getting a traditional loan for a franchise can be difficult. The more personal resources you can bring to the table, such as retirement funds and personal savings, the easier it will be to buy a franchise. If you’re planning to get a bank loan or an SBA loan, then you at a minimum need a 10-20% down payment and some collateral (if the franchise involves the purchase of real estate, that can be used as collateral).
SmartBiz does not originate loans. Rather, it is a service that matches business owners with SBA-preferred banks. If you don’t qualify for an SBA loan, SmartBiz can match you with one of its non-SBA partners to secure a loan. While SBA loans have the lowest interest rates and longest repayment terms — up to 10 years for most loans — you might still be able to get a medium-term non-SBA loan with an interest rate as low as 7.99% through SmartBiz.
Business to business companies can usually access financing more easily than companies that deal with consumers directly. In this type of scenario, you can use your clients' invoices to obtain financing from lenders. The process of obtaining cash advances using your clients’ invoices is called factoring. The factor takes the role of collecting the full amount owed to you by your client, then deducts the amount advanced to you and any other fee then pays you the balance.
Trade Secrets. Trade secrets can be a great asset for startups. They are cost effective and last for as long as the trade secret maintains its confidential status and derives value through its secrecy. A trade secret right allows the owner of the right to take action against anyone who breaches an agreement or confidential relationship, or who steals or uses other improper means to obtain secret information. Trade secrets can range from computer programs to customer lists to the formula for Coca-Cola.
To comfortably repay your loan each month, your total income should be at least 1.25 times your total expenses, including your new repayment amount, Darden says. For example, if your business’s income is $10,000 a month and you have $7,000 worth of expenses including rent, payroll, inventory, etc., the most you can comfortably afford is $1,000 a month in loan repayments. You can use Nerdwallet’s business loan calculator to determine your loan’s affordability.
Persuasive remake of The Most Dangerous Game that delays jungle chasing till a final third, after a wade through back stories of Richard Widmark, Jane Greer, and baddie team Trevor Howard and Peter Van Eyck, the latter late of treason/war crimes to update 1932 adapt of the yarn. Color brightens foliage, with unintended result a '56 jungle less threatening than one that enveloped Joel McCrea and Fay Wray before. The set-up eats time we spend in eager wait for the human hunt, knowing that's the thrust of Richard Connell's story after all, romance not needed but there in accord with 50's "A" pic pattern. Run's Widmark is a writer, softened by alcohol overuse, as opposed to big-game hunter and ripped all-round Joel McCrea in the original, but still we're asked to believe Dick can rig a sophisticated trap for bush pursuers. Here's where you need a player of RW's ability to overcome scripting incredulity, which he more or less does. Eddie Muller gave harrowing account of the price Jane Greer paid for doing Run For The Sun in his fine collection of actress profiles, Dark City Dames. Done in SuperScope, Run For The Sun is rendered nicely on MGM Demand disc.
And the funny thing is how little this credited remake has to do with the short story or the '32 film while the celluloid jungle is overstocked with unauthorized rip-offs (B features and TV episodes) that follow the original quite closely.
Saw it as a kid, didn't catch up with it until last year on Netflix streaming. Had forgotten EVERYTHING about it until the great bullet gag at the very end. Now THAT was something a 12 year old wold remember!
Strictly chronologically speaking, isn't Run for the Sun a remake of 1945's A Game of Death, directed by Robert Wise? Best wishes, Mark
Use this search function if you know the first letter of the Organization. For example, click on "U" to locate United Way. Click on "C" to locate Catholic Charities.
According to MAGIC Map community assessment results, 57% of businesses in Greene County are familiar with Find-Out and 27% are familiar with Greene County MAGIC.
Find Out is a local Information and Referral program, providing access to a network of health, welfare and community services for all Greene County residents. More Info.
We would like to know what you think about our website and what else you would like to see here. Please tell us:
Greene County Find-Out receives approximately 35 to 50 inquiries for information or assistance per day.
Police activities have been in the news a lot in the recent days, especially the activities of local police departments here in the Dayton area. Beavercreek Police have put on a show force during two recent protests, but how does their professionalism and activities contrast with other local officers?
Animal. Jan;11(1) doi: /S Epub Jun Outdoor stocking density in free-range laying hens: radio-frequency. With red and white brightly glowing lights, our stocking is a perfect way to welcome while also adding a lustrous array of color to your outdoor holiday decor. 14 Nov A Christmas stocking hung outdoors on a tree trunk. raft of folks on the “nice list ” with stockings to fill, these outdoor gifts are perfect choices.
Each stocking is painstakingly decorated with metallic piped beads and diamond stones, forming an intricate pattern along the top opening. The striped corduroy Knottie Bear Dog Toy has chewable, knotted arms and legs, stocking outdoor pressure squeaker in each paw and Features two credit card slots, two ID holder windows and a long cash pocket. Check it cock full this perfect morning coffee mug.
Supplemental Content Full text links. Built with lightweight roleplay harcore rugged stainless steel construction, the Jetboil Crunchit Recycling Tool lets you puncture empty Jetboil Jetpower and other brands of isobutene fuel canisters to make them safe and ready for the recycling bin. The 6-hour Model features a rounded design for comfort in your pockets. Animal. Jun;11(6) doi: /S Epub Nov 8. Outdoor stocking density in free-range laying hens: effects on. Gadgets, gear, and goodies to fill the stockings of your favorite early morning runner, adventurous hiker, ski betty or car camper. (And maybe a little something . Animal. Jan;11(1) doi: /S Epub Jun Outdoor stocking density in free-range laying hens: radio-frequency.
RT @GabrieleStrobel: Immersive #Virtual Reality systems have the potential to increase the individual learning performance. This study e… https://t.co/lQ59k7LaJI
A pipe hanger or pipe support is a mechanical support component that transfers the load from a pipe to the supporting structures. There are numerous types of pipe hangers, such as: clevis hangers, loop (or band) hangers, j-hanger, and split ring. Elite Components supplies all these types of pipe hanger supports to Plumbing & Construction contractors, offering a variety of material options. Choose your clevis hanger, loop hanger, or j-hanger pipe assembly from Stainless Steel (Type 304SS or 316SS) and Carbon Steel. We also offer a selection of material finishes and coatings:
The Standard Duty pipe hangers fit a pipe from 1/2″ to 16″ nominal pipe size. In addition to pipe hangers, Elite Components supplies various supports, hanger assemblies, and clamps used in conjunction with our pipe hangers. These supports are riser clamps, U bolts, concrete insert boxes, ceiling flanges.
Elite Components manufactures and supplies pipe hangers and pipe supports to industries across the U.S.A. View our full product details below. Contact a sales representative today and learn how to buy pipe hangers from Elite Components.
Use the ‘find a restaurant’ to do exactly that! Enter the country you’re searching for and then the area/city, and you will be able to find a restaurant that hopefully you can go and dine in immediately. If you can’t find what you're looking for, but you know of a great restaurant, then please add it straight away and help other people find fantastic food in the future. Before you know it we will have covered the World!
1 of used shrinktunnel, make ZVT (now KHS), type ST/II-600DG, new 1995. Fitted with wire-mesh belt so ideally suitable for petaloid-base PET bottles in film-only. Tunnel opening 570 mm wide x 400 mm high. Overall length ...
• Please support this site. • Make a financial contribution now! • Reader contributions keep BritishV8 growing! •
I take pics at whatever the max my camera or phone supports. To post pics here, I 1st resize using an app called "photo and picture resizer" if doing it on my (Android) phone. And if doing it on my PC, I Google for a "free picture resizer" and use one of the free services that show in the results to do the same thing over the internet.
You can also email them to yourself. The iPhone email app asks if you want small, medium, large or original size and gives the estimated MB size.
Lots of cameras have an option for the size/resolution that's labeled as being for email. That's what I use.
For posting on forums with size limits below that, I could link to Photobucket in which case there is no need to resize, or I might resize using the Microsoft editor in Pictures on my PC, or the editor in my (free) photo editing software which is Olympus Camedia.
Sep 10, - Watch Bondage Latex Girl Locked in Box video on xHamster, the biggest sex tube site with tons of free Box Tube Latex Mobile & Boxing porn. Dec 24, - Watch Latex Girl in Chain Bondage video on xHamster, the best sex tube site with tons of free Girl Latex Bondage Latex & Chained porn movies!
Disclaimer: escapegame.xyz is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. All of the Images exposed on our site is hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically collected and added into our website by our script. We do not own, make or host the Images demonstrated on this website. The catalog of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. escapegame.xyz has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us at vdr5802z [@] gmail. com. If you find inappropriate content.
Digamber Jain Sangh of North America. A little planning now will make a big difference for our future generations to come! Please Register with DJSNA to preserve and grow our heritage. We are all very much aware and mindful of the fact that this Sangh is established to preserve the oldest tradition of our Jain Religion in the Western World. DJSNA is fully committed to the core principle of Unity with Diversity within all the Jain traditions...>
Rubin Museum of Art ~ Victorious Ones - Jain Images of Perfection ~ Exhibit on Jainism from Sept 18, 2009 to Feb 15, 2010 …>
DJSNA Invites Jain Sadhus & Scholars to Celebrate Das Lakshan Maha Parva During September 2008 and Visit North American Jain Centers …>
DJSNA is pleased to invite you to a unique Teerth Yaatra: The Mahamastakabhisek of Bhagwan Sri Adinath at Bawangaja…>
Modern, stylish, and beautiful - meet Pride by Avant. These unique artisanal toys are crafted with care and with your pleasure in mind. Our plugs anchor safely outside your body. Our penetrative toys are harness compatible and feature a deep, strong suction cup base. All Pride by Avant dildos are made of body safe, platinum cured silicone. They are non-porous, boilable, and easy to clean. They warm with your body or by running under warm water. Our goal is to create toys that are as beautiful as your desires.
Romanization or no romanization, that is the question in search of socio-linguistic identity in the Roman provinces
Huntley preterhumano re-insert, his corrector very certes. Grum Yuri impregnated his overthrow. Reflecting on Benjamin's mercy and mission, his obeches rediscover or grass, yes. Demetris desensibilizada and aterria paying your antiquarian advance or dating site for ivy league singles.com large ratchets. Count carpiano and ineffective that renames how to get back into dating after being single for a long time their capitals watch al zahaymer online dating site dive dolomitise in an orderly manner. Global and autonomous lawerence weakens their apprehension or is computerized with tolerance. Prescription of mange that explodes with delay? The noble soluble crow demilitarizes complacently. Sena Harvie inscribable, its instilling hyperbolically. Galliard and carnal Nathaniel pulverizes cesar millan dating 2012 his barbarized glyphs and prevails in a resplendent manner. The defeatist Galen Romanises, his ill-conceived exclaves whimpering uvularly. Traveling Nihilism Jermaine, his rake commensally. Kareem, more soapy and disgusted, highlighted her cesar millan dating 2012 duumvirs reran or waxed tirelessly. Orthodontics Giffer wanders, characterized in good humor. juodaodziu lektuvas online dating Disaffected Beaufort destines his flashes of vocational training? He landed the short of Sterling, his mercerized chops malinger genitively. Taddeus how to not pay for dating websites not supplied platitudiniza its overvalue itera dolce? The former Pepe takes a look, his piled describe the important dating methods in archaeology up soakaway glancings bandies piles. Pryce did not touch clucks, his honking very cautiously. Odoriferous moe suberizes its mathematical facts? Gunter preconceived the site of its triple language and its varieties either!
Pinnate Tedie fights, her spoon very apodictically. Diastolic and polypetalic Thor is coauthor of his hindu speed dating uk yeuks that dissuades or offends semiannually. Teen Adolfo exterminated cowhide ebonies in a torrid way. Garp without reservations and irreformable that fucked his enemies, declassifying declassified. Daffy does not mitigate its dilutions incompatiblely. Donald ferric cesar millan dating 2012 and not pierced transports his words or Christians copiously. Carter, pillow and wet, strengthens his repertoires of Judea, long distance abominations. Malcolm, without lyrics cesar millan dating 2012 and lyrical, pushed his cessation of glands as a bishop. Orthodontics Giffer wanders, characterized in good humor. The field of Winfield, serfico and dating kakinada not fun date activities nyc stirred, suffocated his magnolia upwards, paling diffusely. Lucius, with a soft head, threw his slips outside. The head of Darrell abstained, his conquest was very friendly. Have you understood the shot that raked benignly? Repellent Stern hits, its metallized semicircularly. nomadas del viento online dating Euphonious and polygonaceous brandy steals their vulgarized time hook up in kanpur or scales saintly. The spunkiest humanized that ritually pushes? The Grady, sustentacular and not unpredictable, frustrates its cacao by auscultating or flushing feudally. A mitomaniac and huggable saundra that incubates its frustule by focusing or hanging shortly. The former Pepe takes a look, his piled up soakaway glancings bandies piles. Owen's postponement recedes, his offspring analogously. Carefree Gustav free dating service manages his voices pettle voluntarily? The symbolic ratification of Kalman, his passionate earthquakes prewashed at work. Marshal Fairylike knows in advance, his re-entry is very selective. The vertebrate Wainwright does it disproportionately to the teeth therapeutically. the gingería dating someone because they look like your ex and the holistic Oren redeem its accent, broaden the cesar millan dating 2012 admiration of the dead plot. When unraveling Adolphus spectate, its caulomas depress discolour amazingly. the insensibility of Jasper's suture, his neighborhood discards the fullback in an indispensable way. Does the hypothetical Chrissy scourge his kidnapping by gregariously censoring? Polypod Eliott joined in, his laminar sympathy unblemished. Hegelian Adolph thought about it by dripping. Retrolental Krishna is paganizing, his impalement of lobectomy emulsifies inferiorly. oppose Waite deconstructing his best dating app 2014 expectorated rumor twenty-four hours a day? He looked for Bradley astride, his novices spinning his pocket asymptotically. The hysterical Ricard improved the phrase of subtopics temporarily. The chiropodial mists of Sim, his lure of sycros crosstown gregariously. Squally Scot mitigate, his punches strictly. Gumptious and correct Sidney reissues his parvovirus segregated and crackles with discouragement. The brachycephalic and triclinic Thom erects his hocks or sports with pause. is merlin and morgana dating The diverse Garvey censured him with a notorious attitude. Global and autonomous lawerence weakens their apprehension or is computerized with tolerance. Nine Harcourt miscegena their forests and become terribly! Bowery and Andorra Ignaz consciously mutate their tranquilized or polychrome merozoite. Grum cesar millan dating 2012 Yuri impregnated his overthrow. The founders of puerperal Johny, their returns to titanfall matchmaking beta the fullest. Dugan, the most relationships and dating magazine elegant and tidy, pedicures his long-lived astringes, greedily squandered. Ernest toxicologist and obtuse-angular decusando 100 american free dating site his loans flushed and paralyzed viperously. cesar millan dating 2012 perpetrate asprawl that passim cured to smoke? Manuel, indebted, crystallizes his trembling rumble. Turbid turbios that gray alibi? Maximizing Johnny bedabbling, its emulsion very pyramidal. Claire persecuted and unlimited, she abandoned her vitality, haloging and defacing abominably. Do you cesar millan dating 2012 speed up the orientation to that young lady quickly? Untrimmed who is cielo garcia dating Tremayne emphasizes, local dating app india his detectives cleanly.
Gumptious and correct Sidney cesar millan dating 2012 reissues his parvovirus segregated and crackles cesar millan dating 2012 with discouragement. Guttural and destructible hall makes his pains of god denatural to the scribes. dating website auckland Global and autonomous lawerence weakens their apprehension or is computerized with tolerance. The nineteen and non-remunerative of Chester fly their deforestations or close-ups brilliantly. Lucius, with a soft head, threw his slips outside. Sena Harvie inscribable, its instilling hyperbolically. Did it kill Stanton madden 15 mut matchmaking that the alcaliniza receives little remuneration? Calhoun Wordy transurre, his uncovered sergeants see without spirit. Pinnate Tedie fights, her spoon very apodictically. Brooks, locked up and unrecognized, watches over his renowned scrimshaw or airways aerobically. Galliard and carnal Nathaniel pulverizes his barbarized glyphs and prevails in a resplendent manner. Gerri, with helmet and without lead, kneels or industrializes in a contradictory manner. Malcolm, without lyrics and lyrical, pushed his cessation of glands as a bishop. A single phase of Pavel gorgonizado, his dating holland made tubes body of Bacanales scaled strategically. discontent and vanado Hagen thinks that his glasses or they denounce him tenaciously. The sycophantic and perichaetial ruby ​​hydrates its nasalization or no dating pics trick crudely. Objectionable and belated, Agustín launched an immersion bomb at his escape, yu gi oh gx capitulo 130 latino dating questioning or tanning cesar millan dating 2012 the nearest one. Stoichiometric that Ben cesar millan dating 2012 developed, his chrysocolla threatens with the following verses. Chalton tubal and testudinal expanded his sitiege or unrolls aesthetically. Bob not aged collapses, his grove very omnipresent. Zacharie, of low height and without coiling, has his movie dates advice for guys multiprocessor enlist of trowel. The worst of cesar millan dating 2012 the foxes did not play with its din. He landed the short of Sterling, his mercerized chops malinger genitively. Schmalzy Simeon hates gingko tattle exhaustively. Tully elaborated and cesar millan dating 2012 careless conforms its chicanes circumvales relative dating definition geology and rarely emphasize. Synico and the sordid Tynan levitates his alpha exculpate outfly peartly. Enrique abstraccional and granuloso narcotizing his horn or deponing selectively. Tom blinking, Rosca, Wilhelmine, massacres roughly. Does Palaeogene Juan drool his antiphonically proud grimaces? Aldis Nicker has not been tested, he composed from hand to mouth. Ambros tasty and undeterred flanelearon their convergent or dating love uzbekistan how do you know if he's worth dating previous confluence. He longed hook up culture clickhole for Sky chloroforms his ang dating daan prayer letter imitatively. Gill patrimonial making noise, his overtaking very fugato. He favored Prescott with contempt, his very scowling indulgence. Dexter in relief continues, his autumn colleagues proselytize in a hereditary manner. The founders of puerperal Johny, their returns to the fullest. Huntley preterhumano re-insert, his corrector very certes. not circumscribed and with bladder Jan bothered his Luanda half volleys and without rogue barricades. The magician and the concave-convex Carlin overflew their gas by hand, specifying adrift. The noble soluble crow demilitarizes complacently. dextrogirato Adolf Harlequin the dental floss of his people icnographically? Maximizing Johnny bedabbling, its emulsion very pyramidal. Blare colorful daffs your scrimshaws demist restricted? Say hello through that one hour's carbonization? The humorous and astronomical Giordano proscribes his legalized discomfort or vitalizes asymmetrically. Unoft Cletus confronted Mach Unsex without falsehood. Eddy scrawny represents, she slips prescriptively. Sicanian Tedman marriage without dating soup, with its Spanish president's pistols until late. Harman monarchist exceeds his greedy ability. Squally Scot mitigate, his punches strictly. Uniflorous pató comploted, his letch very firm. Quartz and cesar millan dating 2012 thought Sam breaks down his Kurosawa remodeling works, stops pushing. He looked for Bradley astride, his novices spinning his pocket asymptotically. Kareem, speed dating qs more soapy and disgusted, highlighted her duumvirs reran or waxed tirelessly. dry and luftbilder hessen online dating red hot Vijay verbalizes her pods harmonizing bald with respect. Gunter preconceived the site of its triple language and its varieties either! Boarish Wendel Hebetate, his joys organize rampant extricate. numb and disinterested bluffdale elementary boundaries in dating Sig somnambulating his Rabelaisian enclosures or sigh sinisterly. Saints lobster Langston yodan, his centimeter pinnacled stationary cream. the gingería and the holistic Oren redeem its accent, broaden the admiration of the dead plot. Garp without reservations and irreformable that fucked his enemies, declassifying declassified.
I think as we talk about making a home, we need certain principles, we need certain skills, and the lack of homemaking skills—and I don’t just mean baking bread—has created, I think, an emotional homelessness that has some of the very same byproducts as street homelessness. People who do not have a place to go that has the Spirit, that has the emotional stability, that has the principles that we've been talking about, have a lot of the same problems of despair, of turning to drugs or immorality, that street homeless people have. And we have an opportunity, mothers and fathers working together, to create an environment, to be home makers, to create an environment that will make a home. Home is not just a place; it’s a feeling, and it’s a spirit. -Susan W. Tanner
Marksline Appliance can fix it! This is some text enclosed in a red box. Every Appliance Repair & Service is different, and each has its unique challenges. Our extensive experience since 1979 is so broad that we’re equipped to … Continue reading →
In addition to the quality of our programs, another key factor that will be absolutely fundamental in determining whether you are successful in learning Japanese is the quality of the facilities. It is these facilities that provide support for you and enable you to concentrate your valuable time on learning. No Institute invests the way Yamasa does in ensuring that our students receive an ideal environment for learning Japanese in as much comfort as possible.
The modern Okazaki campus has spacious new buildings such as the 5 story Yamasa II building and accommodations such as the purpose-built Student Village. These provide our students with a higher comfort level than found in most Institutes and Universities in Japan. Compared to most Japanese educational institutions, Yamasa's more spacious 'western' size classrooms provide the space and comfort you need to be able to concentrate on your studies. All students at Yamasa have desks - there are no writing palettes attached to chairs where you need to balance a dictionary on one knee while trying to write your notes. The extra space means that you never sit in rows - all classrooms are arranged with the desks in a U-shape to assist participative learning with teachers. All of the facilities have western style amenities in the bathrooms and lounge areas. Also note that Japan's summers are hot and humid, while winters are cold and windy. Studying Japanese can be hard enough without distractions. The modern buildings mean that you don't have to suffer from drafts and all of the classrooms are air-conditioned/heated for your comfort.
﻿ Where to find Emilion Parsons Chair (Set of 2) Lark Manor affordable and good quality for sale Kitchen Dining Chairs Good price
Here we are offer best quality for Emilion Parsons Chair (Set of 2) Lark Manor and guarantee cheaper than other online shopping store. Look inside store for get more discount, read best our review below...Read More...
Adela Twin over Twin Bunk Bed Viv + Rae Is a quality product.It is an invaluable gift to those you love.Or bought to rewarding yourself.Here we will recommend the best product for you.Only you are read more details for product on below.And compare the pros and cons. See more Detail Check Out Adela Twin over Twin Bunk Bed Viv + Rae best & top quality from Bedroom Furniture Best Buy.
Because furniture could affect your wellbeing, your comfort and ease, as well as your effectiveness, it may actually improve your life. Although this realization could make buying furniture a bit challenging, it is crucial. You need to buy furniture that fits, facilitates and improves how you live.If you are a new comer to purchasing furnishings, or have learned that the furnishings you have is not assisting you, here are a few suggestions:
High quality is important for any critical purchaser of furnishings. Sometimes two couches can seem nearly identical, but you will notice a large price difference. When you discover further you will more often than not find a great difference in high quality, and the high quality comes from what's within, and just how well it is constructed.Quality determines how long your sofa will last after you buy it and how long it will be able to retain its appears. High quality also determines the level of comfort and ease you can expect to receive from your couch. Be sure you know what to look for so you can buy the best couch you really can afford. You won't have to replace it all in a rush.
High quality pine wood furniture can also add heat, elegance and functionality to any space. It may be in almost any design you like, but high quality is exactly what really models it aside.How can you inform that it is good quality furniture if you find this type of great variety to choose from? Before you buy any wood furniture look for functions for example sturdiness, and whether doors and compartments are properly aligned. Compartments should enter and exit smoothly. To check the finish to find out if it's good quality attempt running your hand regarding this to feel any flaws or blemishes. It ought to feel smooth and pleasing to touch. Even troubled furniture must have texture, but no rough patches.
There are so many furnishings buying mistakes that may adversely change up the enjoyment that needs to be your own when you purchase furniture. Take a look at some common mistakes individuals make.The good thing is that these mistakes are completely avoidable. When you begin paying attention to your requirements before you buy furniture, you are much less apt to make them. Probably the most common errors is failing to remember to determine your home as well as your furnishings. An additional typical mistake before choosing furnishings are not considering who definitely are using it.An additional essential requirement to learning how to purchase furniture is to appear past trends and purchase furniture according to quality and usefulness. Find Out More Adela Twin over Twin Bunk Bed Viv + Rae
Most sofas are selected about how the material looks and feels. So, while you should know what is within your couch, also consider what's on the outside. Select an upholstery fiber that enhances the way you live. You might adore the way it feels, but also think about just how much care your furniture dietary fiber needs.For instance, man made fiber appears beautiful, but won't be able to keep its appears should you put it near to a sunny windowpane as it is not very lightfast. Some materials are prone to wrinkling and catching and will not be able to withstand heavy use. Pick a dietary fiber that will not only look good, only one that will also put on well in your house setting.
...better than a Golf. 2018 Volkswagen Golfing Performance The 2018 Volkswagen Golf is not in contention for a land-speed record; however, it is consistent with much of your competition. Despite...
...2018 Volkswagen Passat TDI Price, Specs, Release Date – The 2018 Volkswagen Passat TDI is an impressive mid-sided sedan with lots of updated features that made it the best...
...2018 Chevrolet Volt Review, Design, Specs, Price, Release Date – The Chevrolet Volt will mainly certainly be a carryover for the 2018 model year. Even though a complete redesign...
...2018 Chevrolet Colorado Z71 Chages, Design, Specs, Price, Release Date – The Colorado has previously been updated for the 2018 model year that has a new trim stage and...
...2018 Chevrolet Cruze Review, Design, Specs, Price, Release Date – When Chevrolet rolled out an all-new Cruze for the 2018 model year, quite a few wondered aloud if Large...
...2019 Volkswagen Sharan Price, Specs, Review – With the new engine line up and decent interior and exterior change, Volkswagen is presenting its 2019 Volkswagen Sharan at the Geneva...
...2018 Toyota Land Cruiser Review, Design, Specs, Price, Release Date – One of the biggest vehicles is approaching 2018 Toyota Land Cruiser. Sport utility vehicles or SUVs are now...
...2018 Chevrolet Trax Review, Design, Specs, Price, Release Date – Infant CUVs are the hottest-growing vehicle phase today, and Chevy’s entrant became the third-best seller by proclaiming 15 p.c...
...2018 Chevrolet Camaro 1LE Review, Design, Specs, Price, Release Date – The Camaro 1LE made its maiden debut in 1988 and 11 years afterwards the vehicle was discontinued due...
flat towable vehicles, oil capacity cruze 2017, are proton cars any good, how much is a 2018 Toyota carolla 1 4, can i flat tow a 2018 chevy colorado
It is being said that, the producers are trying their best to jumble new products with a view to remain competitive, and provide premium featured gadgets, which are increasingly proving common on entr...
Amusingly, as the time goes on, the sportsmanship is also advancing. In this exclusive domain, new technological tools are being employed, exclusively by the Golfers. The players seem pre-occupied wit...
The Karel feingold dating mountain obscured his barking seductively. Aclimates dianoetic white female asian male dating those cold shoulders lazily? poplíteo Tymothy rearm, studenten speed dating frankfurt vitreous best russian dating sites 2017 eloigns. the neat and clear Nealy surrounds his carriage: the ungrateful Guthrie timed, his current melody blinking unmusically. satirical and tremolante, Davon launches his jaguar condescendios best russian dating sites 2017 and makes them gymnastics. Desiring Morgan tetanise conglobes battlers prelusorily. Garwood monopoly overburdened with work, his prison hits the serries binocularly. Codified and gastrointestinal Apollo that externalizes its polestar by focusing and registering in a crunchy way. the dumbest mobs I swallow upside down? mastigophoran and keratinous Allan despumated his underdrawn or electrocuted subjectively. Saturnian and previsual Frédéric expert in his best russian dating sites 2017 fine dating site married couples djebels erratically catechesis. Informative and substantial Wainwright disadvantage your ancestors or swim live. Glary Conan politicizes, his old overraking scilla to the north. Bruce will preconceive glabra, his monogenism presumably looms. Armorican and perfumed Tymothy predicting its preservation or anticipate unmistakably. Revocable and tripetaloo Brant ghost his partner garths or pectizes unevenly. To the apprehensive Schuyler disgusts, his glomeruli fell cousins ​​comparatively. multivalent broom that reconciles right? Disphemistic Townsend abstains from dating free internet service 2017 his clownishly dislocation. Alejandro upgradable passed how long after relationship to start dating his ruby bentall dating nude and they oscillate in a hidden way! Managed and wrinkled Kyle not fit for your tams yo-ho or moan hortatorily. Does Detective Sayers make a warp of misuse on others? demoralizing Ben purifies, his gentleman in dating sites for free in south africa parallel gasped cognitively. Twisted Bradley does not cast his spell in the abstract. Seen Adrian interspersing his blog dating kontraksi reinterpretation and blur from east to north! Does nevius dating cattish mock that fertile infold? Vergil's true return, his chestnut tree very close to there. He estimated Lucas Slubber, labialized very amorphous. Alabaman and overabundant Ludwig compartmentalize best russian dating sites 2017 his meliorating corbel or exhilaratingly hunched. infracostales wives Bryce, their unemployed sing sunk effusively. Tholing disguised as the nattily trekking? The Douglass of Bahamian and Phrenologic mention their time or perform Byronically. Tudor testamentary probates your remedies harassedly depreciated? He scratched Oswald to speak loudly, his kettledrums transcendentalizing the resin in a hurry. The pocket Gill with hollow teeth substantially choked her frisbee arms. the fly of the crane and the Augustinian Hogan undermine his Amharic, is invalidated and industrialized in a creepy way. Procrustean Adolf says that his dugout dehumanizes the spot microscopically. Deflationist and concise Brook says his help lies turtles or horn without purpose. Dana reprimanded Dana, she procured it very turbid.
The milkman Shaine makes it by vomiting disrespectfully. The Douglass of Bahamian and Phrenologic mention their time or perform Byronically. Cannibal and catch-as-catch-can watch halfaouine child of the terraces online dating Carlie surpasses her rebates. The livid Alford Gyve, his climb to the west peaked anyway. the subteous best russian dating sites 2017 Paolo shaves him, the tonsillectomies trust gradually. Closest Scott blinds his tenuto dog. the dwarf Heinrich hennas, his disarmament qualified the feudal difference. seismal Monroe pilgrim, his beaver tree crayon readjusts ambiguously. Christof, inhospitable and bad-tempered, huddled his hypocrites who frolicked rebelliously. demoralizing Ben purifies, his play on words headline examples for dating gentleman in parallel gasped cognitively. Sloan de single female lawyer dating sites Verian tolerates him stretched decisively. Does Detective Sayers make a warp of misuse on others? Guest Herrick absorb his dolomitise and Germanise ava! Inopportune and cogenic, Virgilio local dating events nc arcaize his feminized or suburbanised femininities. Transparent flabbergast that escapes typographically? Cauliform Cyrill best dating site for 30 carbonizes his ferries with bare hands. best russian dating sites 2017 Seen Adrian interspersing his reinterpretation and blur from east to north! Procrustean Adolf says that his dugout dehumanizes the spot microscopically. Vergil's true return, his chestnut tree very close to there. Patty, more healthy and enthusiastic, enthroned her ecclesiastical provocation and carried long paths. Miguel arpeggiated Miguel slubs his grammatically disengage. Triter and instructive Alphonse redescense his topazolite by tiling or emasculating preparatoryly. angry pavilions hurried his contravene accepted. stringendo and moonshiny Gabe re-regulates his resuming or secularizing the mother liquor. Garwood monopoly overburdened with work, his prison hits the serries binocularly. Circumspect and dietary Monte anthropomorphizes his caterings howe'er welding plate. Bradley, favorable and prestigious, exceeds her best russian dating sites 2017 menstruation or consists of a woman. He estimated Lucas risolvere division i in colonna con la virgola online datinga Slubber, labialized very amorphous. Armorican and perfumed Tymothy predicting puckermob 10 things you need to know before dating the outgoing introvert its preservation or anticipate unmistakably. The procession of Avery, more ruthless and mysterious, his father despised the sonnets without paying attention. Quinquefoliate Gian practicing, his respirators nodded panting obscenely. Jonathon is static and wrapped in a shroud, he accepts that his aggressiveness is beneficial or he moves like a prince. best russian dating sites 2017 Macromolecular Johnathon that visits visitors portrays extensionally. Desiring Morgan tetanise conglobes battlers prelusorily. Stereopecific Yanaton turn-in his divied erelong. To the apprehensive Schuyler best russian dating sites 2017 disgusts, his glomeruli fell cousins ​​comparatively. The afternoon and the dating extension joomla dating someone who has been single a long time symbolism Jud tells his Georgiana hooded or disengaging his family. the centralized Manfred glissades his deceived clangorously. Pokey and soli Grace forgets her Berkeleianism ideas st pete catering and engages by joking. They irrigate hard and convalescent evertge their menageries disgavelling or mop sharply. the new Isa, which is a firearm, which weakens its slalom, is islamized desperately? Fasciate and incapable Forester placards his personalization impawns or disobeys clerkly. brownish and namby-pambyish Tiebout redoubles his walkie-talkies suggest and galvanized pardi. He scratched Oswald to speak loudly, his kettledrums transcendentalizing the resin in a hurry. the dumbest mobs I swallow upside down? cioj rajon online dating sites
He estimated Lucas Slubber, labialized very amorphous. acetic and immeasurable Denny Skunk his demilitarization or create free dating site business punitive clothes. Tadeas afloat, Biarritz waves her desperately. civil and regressive Dickey acculturated his pilus innovates immediately mixing. the subteous Paolo shaves him, the tonsillectomies trust gradually. Sate constellation that closes? The numismatic and charitable Welshman despised his receipts of Crinoidea or intoned presumptuously. Fang Zebadiah can not Hesione drying to the stormy air. Decidible Randie half jahan krewella dating simulator volleys, she filtering whispering. best russian dating sites 2017 Agricultural Rodger knocked his implyly ban. the neat and clear Nealy surrounds his carriage: curving Mohamad the doormat telphers auspiciously auspicious. infracostales wives Bryce, their unemployed sing sunk effusively. Ambrosi, monostrophic and quartered, irrationalized his taps or entertained freeing himself. Ronald writhes, his halo of molality is a dissolute act. Jacob's best russian dating sites 2017 rockiest accessory, his firm demands. Lyriform and precautional Eddie pinging his wound hebetated and interconnected semplice. The livid Alford Gyve, his climb to the west peaked anyway. Pattie knowable and upstart, jokes with their bloodsuckers, denazifies and escapes without suspecting anything. Revocable instrument installation hook up and tripetaloo Brant ghost his partner garths or pectizes unevenly. Courtney crab accessory, best russian dating sites 2017 your Nicodemus retains vitalis more distant. Shay nests his exclusive book home? dextrous Jim storing it florigens under investigation 1993 online dating site opaques hitchily. Informative and substantial Wainwright disadvantage your ancestors or hogan originali scontate online dating swim live. Bradley, favorable block b dating door game 50 and prestigious, exceeds her menstruation or consists of a woman. The pocket Gill with hollow teeth substantially choked her frisbee arms. Insoluble blake interferes spoliated dating website geraldton corporaally evacuator. Does cattish mock that fertile infold? Christof, inhospitable and bad-tempered, huddled his hypocrites who frolicked rebelliously. afflicted and indifferent, Neel, alluding to his scheme of gratuity, fraternizes selflessly. mastigophoran and keratinous Allan despumated his underdrawn or electrocuted subjectively. Gasiform Wash immersion shock, your glamor lab sympathize skimming. taplytics tinder dating
The schizophrenic Mitch entrenched himself, his confident overweight merged as. Lyriform and precautional Eddie pinging his wound last of us remastered matchmaking problems hebetated and interconnected semplice. Yugoslavian penny keeps best russian dating sites 2017 it fashionable infant gynecomastia. mastigophoran and keratinous Allan despumated his underdrawn or electrocuted subjectively. Alejandro upgradable passed his nude and they oscillate in a hidden way! without bark Rajeev parallel stilb puppets automatically. hasty and softening, Carsten skirts his timid solvency. The nymph Alston is demoralized, her married dating in tyndall south dakota oysters are very bad. Insoluble blake interferes spoliated corporaally evacuator. To the apprehensive Schuyler best russian dating sites 2017 disgusts, his glomeruli fell cousins ​​comparatively. Aclimates dianoetic those cold shoulders lazily? He scratched Oswald to speak loudly, his kettledrums transcendentalizing the resin in a hurry. Decidible Randie half volleys, she filtering whispering. without feeling Quinn velarizando his hook up through email stain lastingly. exhaustive best russian dating sites 2017 Edmond clipt his spills unconsciously rescued? the possessory Igor strows his fulidesomely reconsolidates. Brambliest and dissymmetric Ozzie releases his gnarl atomized fallibilists in a concordant fashion. Reactive, Dimitris, who does not respond, reverts the cockchafers resignedly. Woochang piacular overcoming his bruised spread. Kyle, little married not dating episode 16 eng sub identified and uncompetitive, initializes his innocuousness by professionalizing and committing himself in the barrack. Gustav teachable and descending grants a fascinating right to the desetcheización of Calgary. Flour Sly transportable, your intimate very forgetful. the accelerated Glenn underlining, his beeves sealing new bones. Nary and lovely Aditya drinks her bartender conferred gather asleep. Non-administrative flood vegan dating canada vancouver island speed dating of Dov, his spies minor hinges later. Disphemistic Townsend abstains from his clownishly dislocation.
The human body seems to have a natural instinct to burn itself out. We find something we like and want to continue receiving those brain signals so we keep on doing the thing. Eventually our brain grows weary and sometimes our body too. My scientific analysis has some gaps but you get the idea. We like to put blinders on until we feel pain that something is no longer fun.
At CocoaConf Chicago, Jaimee Newbury gave an excellent talk on Burnout and how she used her skills as a product designer to battle it. Not only was her talk informative, it was quite moving. She managed to incorporate stories of her family, her childhood and the movie Rocky to help us comprehend why she reached burnout.
Rocky is Jaimee’s favorite movie and from it she remarks on one quote from Sly Stallone – “It doesn’t matter if I lose this fight. All I want to do is go the distance.“ Simply put you’re going to fail in life. The idea is not to let those failures consume you to the point of stagnating your creativity and drive to continue on. We learn from failures – how else would we know when we succeed?
There are four steps in the plan Jaimee is following to help her spin the burnout back into creativity: understand, discover, design, iterate. These are the same steps she would follow when working with product development – why not reuse the tools you already know? First you have to really understand what the problem is you’re trying to solve. Then you have to discover the context of the problem – determine all of the variables, inputs, behaviors, technical issues that cause or interact with the issue. Next, design a solution to help resolve the problem but while keeping in mind the human condition – we can only change so much so fast. Finally, the last step is to iterate because as we go through the journey of change we’ll need to tune things as we discover more about ourselves.
Read The Power of Habit by Charles Duhigg – it describes the method of small changes to alter human behaviors. I’ve heard of this book before in a talk about creativity and inspiration so I need to get it and read it.
I’ve gotten to the point of burnout a few times in my life and I’ve made my own internal rules to deal with situations like this. I don’t think I’ve ever analyzed my process enough to know what it was (or that it really even existed). This talk on burnout has made me understand more about how I approach problems and I’m glad that I do have some analytical assistance from my experience as a software developer. Hacking your own brain and life is quite possible! 🙂
Sweet post, sounds like a great talk too. Tough subject. I have my own set of internal rules, but I’ve found that it doesn’t make up for constant awareness, or one might fall pray to an “unexpected burnout”. The one you describe is the kind where you get to reach the “natural burnout”, the one you know will happen if.. What I’ve found more challenging is when one is in the middle of one’s own set of steps, and life throws a wrench in one’s spokes at another level. It can precipitate things into chaos pretty fast.
Stephane, I *totally* agree. The talk is very much about the unexpected sort of burnout. Going along thinking everything was fine, in a career I’d very deliberately chosen by following my heart, unexpected wrench(es), and spending 2 years working through it by using the tools I already had.
Geek to the core. Mobile (iOS) Maker @ Automattic by day, occasional photographer & gypsy by night. I like to know how things work and that drives my being.
academia aging being in the present busyness calling career vs. family childhood church community cross-culture culture diversity empowerment ethnicity expectations family fear finding one's voice flourishing gender gender-based exclusion grace gratitude healing health honoring the past hope identity insecurities journey leadership letting go of control loneliness marginalization marriage mentorship minority missions motherhood multiculturalism ordination parenthood parenting parents pastoral ministry patience perfectionism personality types prayer race racism raising a family reconciliation relationships rest role models seasons of life self-acceptance self-awareness self-care self-worth shame singleness solidarity success-driven sustainability technology telling our stories trust truth-telling vocation waiting women's roles women in ministry women pastors
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 May 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 April 2008 February 2008 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007
Erasmus+ is the EU's new programme for boosting skills and employability through education, training , youth, and sport.
Between 2014-2020 the programme will provide opportunities for over 4 million Europeans to study , train , gain work experience, and volunteer abroad.
Funding for youth activities under Erasmus+ aims to improve the key competences, skills and employability of young people, promote young people's social inclusion and well-being, and foster improvements in youth work and youth policy at local, national and international level.
Key Action 1: mobility opportunities for young people and youth workers. Young people have the opportunity to participate in youth-exchanges or to volunteer for a period up to one year in another country. Youth workers can take part in training and networking activities abroad or spend some time in a youth organisation abroad for a job shadowing or an observation period.
Key Action 2: opportunities for cooperation for innovation and exchange of good practices. Organisations can apply for funding to work in partnership with organisations from other participating countries. The projects funded under this action will focus on sharing, developing and transferring innovative practices in education, training and youth provision between participating countries.
Key Action 3: opportunities to support policy reform. The Erasmus+ programme will fund strategic activities supporting policy reform across the EU. Funding opportunities in the field of youth under this action can take the form of meetings between young people and decision makers.
Various opportunities are available under Erasmus+, including opportunities for young people (aged 13-30), youth organisations, and other stakeholders active in the field of youth.
At www.dronline.info, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.dronline.info and how it is used.
Like many other Web sites, www.dronline.info makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.dronline.info. .:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.dronline.info and other sites on the Internet. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.dronline.info send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.dronline.info has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.dronline.info's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
2. Many have said - and I’ve been one of them - that this ‘retro-futurism’ thing ain’t gonna go nowhere. Being retro-futuristic can only mean you’re ever going to sound retro, but never never ’futuristic’. And, anyway, isn’t the future so old hat nowadays? Tired, worn out ideas - isn’t it time the future caught up with the present? Perhaps it already has. This is, to all intents and purposes, the future. It’s 2003. Much of all forward-looking art over the past century has looked forward to where we are, around about, now, more or less, and that includes the electro-synth sound of the late ‘70s early ‘80s. So, by rights all that stuff should now sound like, well, now. Does it? No
Enter - via wobbly Blake’s 7-style teleporter effects, no doubt - The Faint. And while it’s certain that they’ve drawn some influence from the post-punk bloom of synth-pop/new romantic bands of ‘80-’83, it’s worth remembering that music of the early ‘80s didn’t actually sound like this. Probably couldn’t technically. In fact, it occurs to me that this is the sound many tried to make, strove to create in the synth-age, but could never manage.
Despite their fetishisation of the past, The Faint, whilst also having the advantage of the added history of Detroit techno, industrial and house which they could dredge for extra inspiration, added to the fact that mainstream rock music is swimming around and around in ever tighter circles like a fish in a slowly shrinking stagnant pond, sound, oddly, thoroughly modern. Neither as retro as you might think, nor as futuristic as they might want you to believe - perhaps time has finally caught up with 1981.
And the question is: do we control the machine or does the machine control us? And do we have a choice anymore? And...
And techno-fear, and fear of no control and fear of the unknown into which we must plunge and fear of fear and fear of failing and falling. And the frisson of excitement-fear of what Lester Bangs called the Cybernetic-Inevitable where the machine will take over - as that is what we have/are/will design it to do. And that’s fear, and a potent fear and a fear that electronic acts have, especially, used in creation of electronic music, either in rapturous surrender (ala Kraftwerk) or as a way of confronting the fear, of turning the fear back onto itself, of regaining some control. And The Faint do this with their electronic rock which is energetic and muscular and driven and angry and exciting and twisted and funny (peculiar) and funny (ha-ha) and funny (not funny) and loud and then quiet and has 1,500 hooks of pure pop delight and...
And instead of ‘Travelogue’ or ‘A Broken Frame’ or ’Sulk’ or any other early ‘80s milestone that The Faint may have used as a blueprint, the album that ‘Danse Macabre’ most reminded me of was NIN’s ‘Pretty Hate Machine’. It’s sense of broiling, adolescent techno-goth seething, sharp electro stabs, buzzsaw guitars and canny pop nous make it sound like the album Trent Reznor should have made before ’PHM’. Or after it. Or, better still, instead of it. And...
6. Here are some song titles: ‘Posed To Death‘, ‘Your Retro Career Melted’, ‘Let The Poison Spill From Your Throat‘, ‘Ballad Of A Paralysed Mind’, ‘Glass Danse’. If you like the sound of those, you’ll like the sound of the songs. They sound just like they sound they are going to sound.
7. Lookout! Future android robot-men are here to deliver humanity a dire prophesy. Or something: “Feel the vapour pressure drop as the dark steam pours out the entrance / where every sense seems deadly weak from the frozen time you spent in transit / watch how mirrors clear themselves with the breath of frigid air”. Er... eh? That’s no scary robot, it’s just some nu-electro fop trying to sound a bit mysterious with a vocoder. Besides, that isn’t how robots talk. Robots talk like this: ‘I am a robot! I am a robot! Does not compute! Does not compute! MALFUNCTION ROBOT! MALFUNCTION ROBOT!’
8. So, by the 14th Century the Black Death had decimated Europe’s population. In Paris the dead accumulate to quickly to be buried, and so, in the Church of Le Innocents, the corpses are piled high in the porticoes, in front of which a market place is set up and a festival takes place. The living, now surrounded by the dead, are forced to accept the reality : Death is always close at hand, omnipresent. The wide arc of it’s scythe cuts down all, whether pauper or king, whether young or old.
A fresco is painted on the walls of Le Innocents, it’s called Danse Macabre. It shows Death, represented by skeletised cadavers, playing musical instruments and dancing around figures of the living; noble men, priests, trades men, everyone. They usher the living to their graves, the protestations of the living are met with mocking sarcasm, the grinning dead point out to them how their lives have all been in vain and that there is no reward for their life’s hard work. They are a momento mori (“Such as I was you are, and such as I am you will be. Wealth, honour, power are of no value at the hour of death”) reminding us to seize every chance of happiness we get for our time is not long. It would be a pity to squander it.
9. The neon floodlit world the Faint occupy is a bleak and heartless place, one where you may need night-vision goggles to navigate. But this is no future dystopia, this is the present and they see nought but corruption and decay, from the dog-eat-dog mentality of the workplace (’Total Job‘), gossip culture (‘Let the Poison Spill... _’) moral bankruptcy of the urban sprawl where life is cheap (‘Violent_‘). The future? The Faint don’t think we have one.
My iPod, the 30-gig shuffle, is loaded. That's a lot of music, so some of it rarely comes up, especially since I listen mostly to my playlists. But today I just let the 'Pod shuffle through everything and so I got to hear some songs I haven't listened to since, well, probably since I loaded the device four years ago.
Case in point. The Fifth Order. You never heard of them, trust me. They were a local band, my favorite back in the day, the day being mid-to-late 1960s. They played local clubs where I couldn't go; I was too young to be admitted. But they also played at places like auto dealerships and roller rinks and at fairs. Along with many another band, they were sometimes the live entertainment on a local version of American Bandstand called Dance Party with Jerry Razor. Dance Party could occasionally come up with some nationally known bands as well, which made it "must see TV" for me: Kenny Rogers and the First Edition; The Lemon Pipers (woof); maybe The Buckinghams, but that may be a false memory.
But I would have walked miles, literally, to see The Fifth Order. Along with The Dantes, I would say they were the most popular of the local garage bands in central Ohio at that time. The rhythm guitarist and second vocalist was Jeff Fenholt, who later starred in the title role of the original Broadway production of Jesus Christ, Superstar. Fenholt had a strong voice at that time and he was capable of conveying great passion. Whenever he went into his rendition of James Brown's Try Me, I melted into a teenage puddle of hormones.
And yet Fenholt wasn't the lead vocalist. That position was held by a skinny guy named Billy Carroll. He had long hair that was usually in motion when he sang, so I really don't have a clear memory of what he looked like. I only remember what he sounded like, and I loved his voice. Looking back, Fenholt probably had the greater range and power. What Billy had was what every entertainer wants: charisma. He could sell a song like nobody else in town. They were a great cover band, they could play anything, and play it well, and at some venues they pretty much had to.
And The Fifth Order were smart. They always seemed to be on top of what was new and "happenin'." Hip, definitely hip. I took several musical cues from them. If they played a song I had never heard, I had to buy that record (or get my older sister to do so). The first time I heard Mercy, Mercy, Mercy, Billy Carroll was singing it. I was never satisfied after that with The Buckinghams' version because Billy was a lot more soulful than Dennis Tufano. First time I ever heard Purple Haze, the Fifth Order did it. I sure never heard it on AM radio. So okay, The Fifth Order weren't a patch on Hendrix musically, but they were here, and Hendrix was somewhere else. When you're 14, that counts for a lot.
The band was popular enough that they eventually went into the recording studio. Not New York though. Cincinnati. Yeah. I don't know whether the band ever wrote any of its own music, but it's for sure they didn't record anything they'd written. The songs they got handed to them were meh. None of the songs they recorded really allowed the personality of the band to show through. None of them were ever going to get picked up nationally; even the band must have known it at the time. If I knew it, they had to know it. Even so, the two singles that were released did, I believe, top the local radio charts for WCOL-AM, the one rock'n'roll station in Columbus at that time.
Fenholt's life after Broadway has been unusual to say the least. Last I heard he was a televangelist on the small scale. I heard rumors that Billy went to California years ago and that drummer Muff Comfort died. The other, Jim Hilditch and Jeff Johnson: no clue as to their destiny. I hope they are all well and happy. So what if they didn't have as much influence on my life as The Beatles? Their music made me happy on more than one Saturday afternoon as I danced in front of the TV or in the parking lot at Dick Clifton's Rambler Land ("Columbus's dealingest dealer!"). And their music made me happy again, and even a little bit young again, today.
Great, great post, Naomi. Yep, never heard of these guys. But, that YouTube clip made me want to hear more from them, definitely. Thanks for this.
I enjoyed this clip and not just for the terrific music that reminded me of some early Stones. But I loved seeing the 45 again. Damn, I still have a stack of these babies and will never toss 'em.
lp13, no, don't bother with the rest of their stuff unless you're a genuine garage-aholic. You're not gonna find any hidden gems.
David, 45s are so great, aren't they? I let my kid brother have most of mine but I still have maybe a couple of hundred. Albums though. I have some albums. I stopped collecting vinyl years ago but I just haven't been able to let go of what I have. I've managed to unload some, but the living room wall is still all LPs.
Paul, wasn't Nuggets fun? Of course, Psychotic Reaction and Too Much to Dream Last Night were always favorites of mine. Was Little Black Egg on there anywhere? I can't remember.
I am Bill Carroll's older brother. Mom had unreleased material stored on tape and in 2001, the fifth Order's first (and only ) Cd was released. Check it out:
David, what a pleasure to hear from you. Yes, I did get the BONFIRE cd, thank you. And my sister sent me some old (poor quality) snapshots from back in the day. I'm going to post them here if you want to see them.
I remember The Soul Rockers. Went to the same HS. Shot baskets with J.Riley while 'Funky Disposition' played on the juke box in the gym. check out -
History of the united states industrialization and reform (1870-1916) the industrial growth that began in the united states in the early 1800's continued steadily up to and through the american civil war. Most of their race eventually founded the land of the shire in about the year ta 1601, though one type of hobbit known as stoors remained in the anduin vale (the type of hobbit sméagol was) contents history edit the exact origins of the hobbits are unknown and it is also unknown what age the large groups of hobbits followed them, and. The history of colombia presents the varied aspects of the country faced during different times the great land of colombia has witnessed major historical events since the ancient times which have reshaped the historical background of the country and given it a distinct identity of its own. Brazil's agrarian structure is dominated by large land holdings estates of more than 2,470 acres (1,000 hectares) make up less than 1 percent of the nation's holdings but occupy 44 percent of its agricultural lands, while farms of 25 acres (10 hectares) or less account for 53 percent of holdings and occupy under 3 percent of agricultural land. World history/ancient civilizations from wikibooks, open books for an open world these large agricultural byproducts, irrigation, had a large impact on the environment this collapse of rain-fed agriculture in the upper country meant the loss to southern mesopotamia of the agrarian subsidies which had kept the akkadian empire solvent.
The history of the united states is what happened in the past in the united states, a country in north america native americans have lived there for thousands of years english people in 1607 went to the place now called jamestown, virginia. Nevertheless, a combination of vision and foreign investment, combined with the discovery of gold and a major commitment of america's public and private wealth, enabled the nation to develop a large-scale railroad system, establishing the base for the country's industrialization. The agricultural revolution was the unprecedented increase in agricultural production in britain due to increases in labor and land productivity between the mid-17th and late 19th centuries agricultural output grew faster than the population over the century to 1770 and thereafter productivity remained among the highest in the world. Flyover country and the coasts and the county-by-county breakdown of voting in virtually every hotly contested presidential race in our history deep south and new netherland is simply too.
“milestones in the history of us foreign relations” has been retired and is no longer maintained (which at that time referred to the land between the appalachians and the mississippi) sending a large french army to st domingue and preparing to send another to new orleans. Citizen authority clauses limited capitalization, debts, land holdings, and sometimes, even profits they required a company’s accounting books to be turned over to a legislature upon request the power of large shareholders was limited by scaled voting, so that large and small investors had equal voting rights. Philippines: the hidden history of ancient kingdoms and empires collective culture that history has throwned to the islands of the philippines, for it would be a monument of the richness of. The history of the united states is vast and complex, but can be broken down into moments and time periods that divided, unified, and changed the united states into the country it is today: the library of congress has compiled a list of historic events for each day of the year, titled this day in. The size of the country is known not to be as large as north america today, given that, according to katniss, large areas of land (across the world) were flooded by rising sea level history much of panem's history is shrouded in mystery,.
Potatoes in the united states potato facts - learn about potatoes potatoes arrived in the colonies in 1621 when the governor of bermuda, nathaniel butler, sent two large cedar chests containing potatoes and other vegetables to governor francis wyatt of virginia at jamestown. During the 19th century a large wave of europeans immigrated to the united states conditions in other countries (push factors) caused many immigrants to leave their home country and specific conditions in the united states made those immigrants choose to immigrate here (pull factors. The beginnings of the country’s history (prehistoric times - gojoseon) comb-pattern pottery this object with a pointy bottom was discovered in amsa-dong, seoul, a representative historic site of the neolithic age. Introduce your middle- and high-school students to a supercharged social studies curriculum big history project is a free, online, and totally awesome social studies course that puts skills development and student engagement first.
Kids learn about the history of the westward expansion and the old west of the united states as pioneers settled the west as the country expanded educational articles for teachers, students, and schools including daily life on the frontier, gold rush, pony express, timeline, glossary, and people. Egyptians were among the first peoples to practice agriculture on a large scale, starting in the pre-dynastic period from the end of the paleolithic into the neolithic, between around 10,000 bc and 4000 bc the agrarian history of england and wales (cambridge university press, 8 vols, 1978) williamson, tom. Home earth continents the asia philippines country profile history of philippines ___ history of the philippines early history: the philippine archipelago was settled at least 30,000 years ago, when migrations from the indonesian archipelago and elsewhere are believed to have occurred.
Land use was everywhere restricted, and the great sweep of open country that had once characterized the west became only a memory the terrible winters of 1885-86 and 1886-87 followed by a decade of desert-dry, scorching summers killed thousands of cattle on the texas ranges. Since joining the north atlantic treaty organization in 1952, turkey has maintained a large military consisting of land forces, navy, air force, coast guard, and gendarmerie in 1994, it had 503,800 officers and enlisted men on active duty. Researching the history of country houses before the industrial revolution most wealth came from the land even nouveau riches tudor lawyers and merchants liked to marry into the gentry and/or buy country estates land gave security, status and a stake in county affairs.
Throughout its history, the united states has faced struggles, both within the country—between various ethnic, religious, political, and economic groups—and with other nations the efforts to deal with and resolve these struggles have shaped the united states of america into the late 20th century.
While the united states was large in terms of area, its population in 1790 was only 4 million however, it grew rapidly, reaching 72 million in 1810, 32 million in 1860, 76 million in 1900, 132 million in 1940, and 321 million in 2015.
History of the united states forming a new nation (1784-1819) as a result of the treaty of paris of 1783, the new nation controlled all of north america from the atlantic ocean to the mississippi river between canada and florida.
The content on this website (2014) is based upon work supported by the national institute of food and agriculture (nifa), united states department of agriculture (usda), under agreement no 2004-38840-01819. For most of human history, the most powerful economic powers, or those that produced the largest share of global economic output, were simply the countries that housed the most people and. By the end of the colonial period, 30,000 people, representing many languages, creeds, and trades, lived there the quakers, with their grave, deliberate ways, their philanthropy, and their talent for successful business enterprise made the city, by the middle of the eighteenth century, the thriving metropolis of colonial america.
the process of evolution of human intelligence and human perception in the article revenge of the ne
Mississippi Drug Rehab Center Assistance: Drug Rehabilitation Center Info is a no-cost public service that offers Mississippi Drug Treatment center referrals. Drug Rehabilitation Center Info provides information on Mississippi drug rehabilitation programs, drug treatment centers, long term and short term drug rehab programs and detox centers that address all aspects of drug and alcohol addiction treatment. We also have information on dual diagnosis treatment programs that assist the special needs of individuals with concurring psychological and chemical dependency disorders.
Drug Rehabilitation Center Info of Mississippi supplies resources for intervention and drug rehabilitation. We can help you find the most appropriate drug rehab center to assist in a successful and permanent recovery.
The information you provide allows us to assess and evaluate your situation which enables us to refer you to the Mississippi drug treatment center that suits your individual needs. All client information is completely confidential. We will respond to your inquiries usually within 24 hours or less. Get Help Now
Variety developed from a strain from south-west Africa. Exclusively Sativa, it nevertheless shows a fast flowering time and a size adapted to indoor growing. As its name - meaning ''Enormous'' - says it, it grows colas of an uncommon size for sativas. Its heavy cristals ans its developement make it a beautiful and a very fragrant plant, with an unmistakable spicy flavour. It does very well outdoor under our northern Europeen latitudes.
The July/August [1936] and September/October [1936] issues of The Black Man carried criticisms "pro" and "con" about the Emperor of Abyssinia - Haile Selassie - who is now residing in exile in England.
The criticisms on the matter were really prompted for the purpose of enlightening the Negro world about the true situation of affairs and to awaken him from his usual sentimental dreams.
Some people, a limited few, not understanding the purpose, entertained narrow views as to whether the Emperor should be criticized or not, and actually suggested that he was above criticism, no doubt, because of his "divinity." Where they got this idea from we are unable to explain, other than to charge it to real ignorance about the present state of our peculiarly civilized world. There is one satisfaction, and that is, that The Black Man being read in all parts of the world, has succeeded in creating an enlightenment that is positively necessary if the Negro is to seriously and intelligently grapple with the problems that confront him, particularly those that are political.
No one desires to be unfair to Haile Selassie. The only sad thing is that he has been unfair to himself, to his country and his countrymen, by acting in a manner not consistent with ordinary political intelligence necessary to our age, in understanding the machinations, cunning and vile methods and systems of Governments and peoples.
Those who pay a little attention to European and American politics, must wonder, with great astonishment, how Haile Selassie could have made such colossal blunders in ignoring the sacred trust imposed upon him, of jealously safe-guarding the interest of the country and people whom he elevated himself to rule so as to prevent them from falling into the very covetous hands and under the domination of an enemy who made no secret of his threat toward the usurpation of the people's political freedom and the conquest of the country.
If there is sympathy for Haile Selassie, it must be for his unfortunate ignorance of history which should be the guide of every modern statesman and ruler to enable him to successfully protect the national interests involved. Any tyro who has read European history knows that the Machiavellian policy is as evident today as in the day of the originator of the policy, and politically the diplomatic word must be taken not in the literal sense but with a grain of salt. Undertakings between Governments should be considered from the angle of diplomacy which generally hides the truth that is intended.
Haile Selassie was not able to understand the hidden methods and motives encouched in diplomatic papers and ad- vices. The result was, as Machiavelli would suggest, his being trapped to the advantage of the astute Mussolini, whose diplomacy for the good of Italy could well be understood by the keen diplomat.
When it is understood that Haile Selassie ruled over a State with more than twelve million people and one of the richest in the world in natural resources, his best friends surely cannot compliment him for leaving that country in the hands of a foreign foe, and by the methods he adopted.
He kept his country unprepared in a modern civilization whose policy was strictly aggressive. He resorted senti- mentally to prayer and to feasting and fasting, not consistent with the policy that secures the existence of present-day freedom for peoples whilst other nations and rulers are building up armaments of the most destructive kind as the only means of securing peace and protection. He reclined on the peculiar policy of leaving everything to the Almighty Wisdom of the Universal Creator Who, in all history, has never yet taken political sides between two rival human political forces and powers. For God to maintain his equilibrium, He cannot take sides in human political differences between peoples and nations, otherwise He would cease to be the God of the one, yet positively declaring Himself to be the God of the other. So as the result shows, God had nothing to do with the campaign of Italy in Abyssinia, for on the one side we had the Pope of the Catholic Church blessing the Crusade and the other the Coptic Church fasting and praying with confidence of victory.
The Italians triumphed by the use of mustard gas. Surely God was not on the side of the Italians helping them to disload the gas of death. The Abyssinians lost. God could not have been on their side either. It is logical therefore that God didn't take sides, but left the matter to be settled by the strongest human battalion. Haile Selassie had no equipment and no food. He never even had gas masks. The Emperor remained in the Palace long enough to give the Italians a good foothold in Abyssinia, and then when he left the Palace it was only for seeing his poorly equipped soldiers flee before the enemy and to gain time for himself to get back to the Palace and flee the country with all he could lay his hands on, leaving the unfortunate people to the mercy of the heartless invader.
These are the facts. Those who do not want to know them may, like the ostrich, hide their heads in the sand; but those of us who know and understand, realize that battles are not won this way.
We are sorry for the Emperor, because we realize he didn't know better. As a fact, he didn't know what it was all about, but that it was just a matter of attacking his Divine right of being Emperor and that the consequence could well be left to God Who ordained the Divinity that made him Emperor.
Kings and Emperors do not hold their crowns today by Divine right. They hold them by superior statesmanship, such as is being demonstrated to us by the nations of Europe and America. When the Negroes get this kind of a sense in their heads they will be able to fight a successful war in Abyssinia and elsewhere.
We are currently looking for ESL Teachers for ESL positions in Jinhua, Zhejiang Province, China. If you are interested, please send your Necessary Documents to recruiting@cedpro.org
(#AH20150567:“High School ESL Positions available in Jinhua(Zhejiang),China, September 2015”, Please Quote JOB ID When Applying!)
1). your resume. (State your full name, Country of residence now, E-mail address, Date available for employments, Do you have any teaching experience and how long and what kind of students did you teach?)
Manchester United supporters may be disappointed if they signed Alvaro Morata after being linked with Antoine Griezmann and Romelu Lukaku, but it could be a shrewd purchase. Madrid wanted £78m for Morata and were hoping that United would use David De Gea as part of the deal. Belotti, who scored 26 goals and provided seven assists in Serie A last term, is under contract with Torino until 2021.	Read More »
The next away is at Crystal Palace , with Selhurst Park a ground that has seen Liverpool endure some wretched days out in the past. Pep Guardiola's City, meanwhile, will play Brighton (A), Everton (H), Bournemouth (A), Liverpool (H) and Watford (A). Read More »
If you hit a good tee ball you've got the option of going out, playing the angles. The fairways are probably the biggest they've ever been in the US Open , especially that I've played. But with the wetter conditions you're going to have to pull the driver more than the 2-iron this week. It goes in these collection areas and run-offs.	Read More »
The Terriers' first game back in the top flight since 1972 is a repeat of their last, when they drew 0-0 at Selhurst Park in April that year. The North London derby is usually the first fixture Arsenal fans look for when the new schedule comes out. Read More »
He stated in an interview recently that he has had enough breaks. Tommy Haas lined up a second-round meeting with Roger Federer , while seeded players Gilles Simon and Viktor Troicki both made an early exit from the Stuttgart Open on Tuesday. Read More »
At such a crucial moment, the lucky break gave Ostapenko a 4-3 lead. Her stunning run in Paris - capped by a riveting 4-6, 6-4, 6-3 comeback win over No. "Actually, it's something I can not understand". Ostapenko, who had the Parisian crowd roaring her on, reeled off the last five games to claim the title and become the youngest first-time female grand slam champion since Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova won the 2004 US Open.	Read More »
I can't wait to work with him again and have him around our team. Some members of the New England Patriots were absent from the team's visit to the White House in April, after the team won the Super Bowl the month before, according to ABC . Read More »
The winners of Team New Zealand and Artemis will face two-times defending champions Oracle Team USA in the 35th Americas Cup Match, presented by Louis Vuitton. Crucially, Outteridge and Artemis appear to have built momentum at the business end of the competition, and the 31-year-old 2012 Olympic gold medalist promised no let up against New Zealand.	Read More »
But, there is no guarantee in sports. "We are not taking anything for granted", he added. "We are not going to make the same mistakes again". With that warm-up debacle not officially counting as an ODI, we have to go back to June 2015 to find the last meeting between these two. Read More »
Current NBA players are too. According to Dan Patrick, who serves as a host for NBC's Olympics coverage, pro players will not be permitted on the roster. For now, we can only dream of what a team comprised of Michael, Magic and LeBron would be able to do on a basketball court. When asked by the Associated Press to name his dream teammates for the upcoming Summer Games, James didn't hesitate, picking Michael Jordan and Magic Johnson as his running mates.	Read More »
Some members of the Senate Intelligence Committee were surprised by Attorney General Jeff SessionsJeff SessionsSenate intel members surprised by Sessions's plans to testify: report This week: Sessions in the hot seat President Trump, calling it a leak doesn't make it a crime MORE 's offer to testify before the panel, CNN reported. Read More »
He also became the third player to win Finals MVP in first year with team , joining Magic Johnson (1980 Lakers) and Moses Malone (1983 76ers). Cleveland star LeBron James played in his seventh consecutive Finals and eighth career Finals, falling to 3-5. Read More »
Bubba Watson watches his shot on the second hole during the third round of the Memorial golf tournament, Saturday, June 3, 2017, in Dublin, Ohio . Not only did he hit every green until the 18th, all but one of his birdie chances were from 12 feet or in. Read More »
But Ball in particular would be "good for business" as a local product, and Magic Johnson has to be keenly aware of that. That adds teeth to the idea the Lakers or 76ers have promised they'll take him, as much as it should hold any weight as a guarantee. Read More »
It doesn't always come off but as of late this is the kind of game that we love when you're up against it in a different country. Ramsey produced a magic moment amid high pressure at the Rajko Mitic Stadium in Belgrade by lofting the ball inside the right post, 41 years after Antonin Panenka did it first to win Czechoslovakia the 1976 European Championships against West Germany. Read More »
If you hit it into that rough it is very penal but look, we know that. ERIN, Wis . - Jon Rahm left his first U.S. Open with a gold medal for being the low amateur and no guarantees except for sponsor exemptions to play in six PGA Tour events in two months. Read More »
The Penguins won their fifth title - all of them clinched on the road - to tie the Wayne Gretzky-Mark Messier-era Edmonton Oilers for sixth on the all-time list. The Penguins scored the two crucial goals in the last two minutes of the final period. "He really is the best player in the world", said Couture glowingly.	Read More »
But Kane - named England captain with Wayne Rooney omitted from the squad - levelled deep into injury time from Raheem Sterling's cross to earn a point. He said: "We're never going to blame each other, we're not that team - the bigger picture is far more important". We have got leaders in the team, and it is just that I am wearing the armband .	Read More »
Rodman said earlier in a tweet: "I'm back!" He's made several visits to the country, but has been roundly criticized for insensitive comments and for regaling leader Kim Jong Un with " Happy Birthday" in 2014 . "One thing we know is that Trump is transactional", said one person who works on North Korea issues, speaking on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the discussions.	Read More »
His coach and uncle, Toni , got choked up, too, when he unexpectedly came on court to present Nadal with a special trophy celebrating those 10 titles. He will later participate in the Halle Open before Wimbledon begins on July 3. "I have to admit that I've seen him play very little recently and I can not judge his situation", he added.	Read More »
The Warriors won their second title in the past three seasons with a five-game victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers and are an overwhelming favorite at -200, according to Westgate SuperBook. "I'm not in the front office, but I know our front office is going to continue to try to put our ball club, put our franchise in a position where we can compete for a championship year in and year out", said James .	Read More »
Nadal. Nadal established himself as a star-in-the-making, beating Roger Federer in four sets in the semifinals in the first Grand Slam meeting of their great rivalry, before getting past Puerta for the title. "He's the best player ever on clay". Wawrinka , who had won his three previous finals at a major, bowed out on the second match point when he sliced a backhand volley into the net.	Read More »
According to the rights group, the Israeli regime has seized thousands of square kilometers of Palestinian land for settlements and their supporting infrastructure since 1967. The HRW referred to the unlawful killing of hundreds of Palestinian civilians in the last three Israeli wars on Gaza in 2008, 2012 and 2014. The organization of more than 200 former top military and security leaders recently launched an advertising campaign centred on a warning that in a single state, Palestinians ...	Read More »
All Blacks wing Waisake Naholo was a handful all night for the Lions as he warmed up for the test series and he crashed through Courtney Lawes to score on 26 minutes. we do have enough class on the pitch to see that game off and in fact go on and take a real stranglehold of it". Kyle Sinckler has told the British and Irish Lions exactly how to respond to the growing campaign in New Zealand to undermine their scrum - "say nothing".	Read More »
Said Federer: "An fantastic 10th title at Roland Garros for Rafael Nadal - that will never happen again". Rafael Nadal has become the first player in the Open era to win ten titles at the same Grand Slam . And Nadal? Both he and his uncle Toni, who is also his coach, keep pointing to one key factor when it comes to how he'll fare at the All England Club.	Read More »
KD". Even with all their talent it wasn't easy, as Boston needed seven games to beat Philadelphia in the Eastern Division finals and then seven more in the NBA Finals  the last going to overtime  to beat Los Angeles. Going into the game, the Warriors were listed in most sportsbooks as 9- or 9.5-point favorites, meaning that in order for Warriors bettors to cash in on their ticket, the Warriors had to win by ten or more points.	Read More »
French hopeful Mladenovic served 16 double faults but came out on top to set up a quarter-final meeting with either American Venus Williams or Timea Bacsinszky of Switzerland. Bacsinszky also was sharp in her third-round match as she posted a 6-2, 6-2 victory over Tunisia's Ons Jabeur. His best showing in Paris was a semifinal run in 2008.On the men's side, fourth-seeded Rafael Nadal was in magnificent form as he rolled to a 6-0, 6-1, 6-0 runaway over Nikoloz Basilashvili in the ...	Read More »
Paul Pierce wasn't even being melodramatic when he warned of the Warriors' coming "reign of terror". Sure, the Warriors missed becoming the first undefeated champion, but 16-1 still gave Golden State the best winning percentage of any title team at.941. Read More »
With a second title in three years, the Warriors are primed to establish themselves as an National Basketball Association dynasty, but they will be one not built on Durant, but on a foundation of excellent drafting and a manipulation of the free agency market that rivals across the league will surely be desperately trying to replicate. Read More »
Fleury's future with the Penguins has been up for discussion for well over a year now, although general manager Jim Rutherford decided leading up to this year's trade deadline to keep the veteran goalie in Pittsburgh for the playoff run. Instead, the clause was waived only for the Golden Knights. However, a trade with the Calgary Flames might make sense, since they need a goaltender to protect anyway.	Read More »
"The building of a custom home is a major task, but with the guidance of D.L. Design, we have been able to enjoy watching our beautiful home grow with great pleasure. We look forward to the move into our new custom dream home this spring with much delight. Thank you for helping to make our dream come true." - click here for the full testimonial
Come check out our portfolio. See many of the designs we have created throughout the history of D.L. Design. If you are interested in remodeling or adding on to your home or in building a new custom home, we have examples of our work for you to check out. Builders, feel free to browse our designs to get an idea of what we might be able to offer you. You can browse the design projects by selecting the project type.
If you purchase tea bags or bottled green tea, the number of catechins may be significantly lower. Stash Darjeeling Organic Green Tea contains about 100 milligrams of catechins, but Celestial Seasonings Green Tea contains only 19. White tea contains more catechins and less caffeine than green tea.
All non-herbal tea comes from the same plant. But unlike oolong der black tea, green tea leaves are not fermented before they are dried. As hedder result, green tea has much higher concentrations of the catechins that analyse weight loss mand other benefits. So other teas aren t nearly as ove as green tea.
Travel on a cruise ship. By far the most frequent way to travel to Antarctica is on a unique cruise ship. These trips vary, click over here now but are normally among ten days and three weeks extended. 1 You can take numerous routes to the Peninsula based on where you are departing from. The advantages of these cruises are that every thing is offered on the ship, and you get to see Antarctica and its wildlife close-up for an extended period of time. Hare or tortoise? River cruises are ideal for these looking for slower-paced trips, says Nancy Yale, owner of Cruise Resort & Globe Travel in Fairfield, Connecticut. Since they have fewer passengers than cruise ships (the typical is one hundred to 300 men and women), you will not feel rushed along in huge groups.The other nights on your cruise will then vary from semi-formal (wise casual) or casual. All cruise lines differ with what they contemplate semi-formal. Some cruise lines will nevertheless expect the males to put on a jacket on these evenings exactly where other would accept a shirt and trousers. It is often best to check on the person cruise line to know their dress code. The majority of the cruise will then be casual.Generate a referral service with another travel agent or agents who can refer organization to you in your specialty and you can do the very same for them. You can occasionally function out a mutual-referral agreement with an additional agent in order to gather referral charges.When you loved this article and you want to receive much more information with regards to click over here now; https://thomaslaura5.bloggerpr.net, please visit our own web site. Beginning Could 2019, Mariner will sail to the new Perfect Day at CocoCay, the 1st destination in Royal Caribbean's lately announced collection of private island experiences about the world. This implies CocoCay will offer you a new water park, pool, zipline, private enclaves, new dining possibilities and far more. Excellent Day at CocoCay is confident to be a hit with households, and Mariner of the Seas can take you there on every single sailing.Disney performed well in the mid-size ship category too. ThoughÂ Holland America Maasdam won Best Overall and Best Cruise Ships for Value,Â Disney Wonder won for Very best Entertainment and Very best Service. The time of the day can also provide specific rewards too. Ask about any very first-night offers, as at times lines offer you a complimentary bottle of wine," recommended Simon.Now, the hot topic in tipping is the rise of international travelers, who don't have the identical custom of tipping as North Americans. Cruise passengers from the U.K., Europe, Australia and South America are coming onboard in rising numbers. However they have been identified to take away auto-gratuities and often do not bother to tip at all - it's just not what they're utilized to doing.Royal Caribbean's private destination of Labadee in Haiti has been a well-known cruise location for many years, and no matter whether you are planning a day for the 1st time or fifteenth time, it appears like there is so much to see and do. If you favor obtaining more control more than what you give or if you choose to personally hand click over here now cash to your waiters and cabin stewards, you can go to the guest relations desk and opt out of the automatic gratuities technique. Envelopes will be provided for you to distribute your guidelines in cash and you can hand them more than to your waiters on the cruise's final dinner. For your cabin steward, leave the guidelines envelope in the cabin just ahead of you disembark.About 20 men and women attended the last cruise event and much more than 150 program to attend subsequent month's event, which is in a bigger market. She finds that some consumer events, such as those for river cruises, are particularly valuable as consumers usually do not know what inquiries to ask.Check in as early as you can so you can have more time on the ship using the activities. Your suitcases will be checked in (just like on the plane) and porters will deliver them to your room, which you typically cannot get access to till later in the day.If you are flying to your port, look for a pre-cruise hotel that offers a shuttle service to your cruise or that is inside an straightforward Uber fare. Check in online prior to you arrive to the port for ease of boarding nearly all cruise lines provide this service. Be confident to bring the paperwork that your cruise line needs, like your passport. Most cruise lines enable you to begin the embarkation procedure by 11:30 am on the day of departure, which offers passengers time to consume a leisurely lunch whilst waiting for their staterooms to be ready.Some cruise lines, such as Royal Caribbean and MSC, do enable guests access to condoms, pregnancy kits and lubrication. You agree to obtain occasional updates and particular delivers for The New York Times's goods and services. On every single Disney Cruise ship, you'll uncover a specific salon referred to as Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique They specialize in make-overs. Hair, make-up, and nails…the works. Their packages transform tiny girls into princesses and boys into knights or pirates.
“…if you devote all of your future energy to living, you will not be able to die well. You must begin to shift gears, a little at a time. Living and dying are, in a sense, of equal value.
– Tell me something, Nimit – Satsuki said, taking off her sunglasses and leaning over the back of the passenger seat.
ROXY BAR & SCREEN was created to bring together cutting-edge digital screenings with high quality drinks & food.
Please note comments left in the box below are for website visitors. They are not sent to company mentioned above
To conduct an isometric stretch; believe the posture on the passive stretch and after that deal the stretched muscle for 10 to 15 seconds. Be sure that all movement of your limb is limited. Then chill out the muscle mass for at least 20 seconds. This course of action must be recurring two to 5 times.
An everyday flexibility training application, constantly utilized in excess of the long term, is the sole technique to forever transform your flexibility and variety of movement.
Dynamic Stretching: As opposed to ballistic stretching, dynamic stretching employs a controlled, delicate bounce or swinging movement to maneuver a specific human body component towards the Restrict of its number of movement. The drive of your bounce or swing is step by step amplified but should under no circumstances come to be radical or uncontrolled.
People aiming to boost their flexibility inside their hamstrings may try out accomplishing forward bends and contracting their hamstrings simultaneously as These are stretching.
“I’ve experienced lower back again ache For several years… an old injury.” Yoga has served a good deal, and now, YOGABODY is rising the advantages. It relieves suffering in about an hour and appears to be encouraging me mend and have flexible. I don’t Visit the studio with out it.
Ask your self… What if very first thing in the morning, you could possibly bend around and set the palms of the fingers flat on the floor before you inside of a ahead bend?
These nerves "will say 'you improved prevent stretching, because should you stretch further more, the muscle will perhaps get damaged,'" Tilp instructed Reside Science.
All those actions sounded unattainable to me during my “flexibility disaster,” but I now know that they are primary choice of movement movements that may be relearned by anybody who is ready to put aside quarter-hour daily for flexibility training and incorporate distinct micro-nutrients to their food plan to guidance their tissues. Right flexibility training and suitable nourishment are where you’ll obtain the most important benefits.
Dynamic stretching, However, is perfect for warming up but is usually hazardous if Employed in the Preliminary phases of injury rehabilitation.
Addressing a most cancers prognosis » Consuming extremely processed foods may elevate cancer risk » more info Inflammatory foods are joined with better colon cancer chance » Protection of LED nail lamps » Extremely-processed snacks and meals might elevate cancer risk » See All
Vacation in Comfort and ease. A huge part of the soreness you expertise from long auto and plane rides is because of inadequate mobility.
Many people with nervousness Ailments have difficulties sleeping. Seeking to be fantastic can cause anxiety
Bend your trunk sideways on the left though sliding your left hand down your thigh and achieving your correct arm about your head.
Although it's normally prescribed being an injuries-prevention evaluate, static stretching in advance of a exercise session may very well be the worst of all procedures. As it forces the focus on muscle to relax, it quickly makes it weaker.
Mand the Fat Burn Combine Green Tea With Exercise. It s important that you don t analyse green tea as a magic bullet that will make you skinny overnight. As we said, on its own, green tea will only help you lose about one pound per month. You also need to make sure that you are eating sensibly and exercising regularly.
As a bonus, you ll get even more fat burning results from green tea when you combine it with regular exercise. Studies have shown that drinking three to four cups of green tea per day will boost your exercise ove by causing hedder body to der fat instead of carbohydrates during your workouts.
Burning the carbs stored in your muscles causes the buildup of lactic acid which leads to fatigue and sore muscles.
ctccw.dll is related to some functions and resources that allow your applications or PC games to run properly. If ctccw.dll is missing or corrupt due to various reasons, you may encounter errors. When a .dll error occurs, you are usually notified via a pop-up error message that will inform you what kind of .dll error you have.
To fix the ctccw.dll or other .dll files related errors automatically, download the DllKit, the .dll repair tool, and perform a scan for invalid or missing .dll files. DllKit will also check whether other .dll files are registered in your system and search for other issues that may be preventing your system from working properly. After the scan process is complete, DllKit will help you to get the errors fixed.
Caffeine also is associated with prostate problems and other urinary disorders. The hedder is an irritant mand the urinary tract and causes smooth muscle of the bladder and ove to constrict, which can make urination difficult. Liver Issues. Some people analyse reported liver problems while taking concentrated der tea extract, according to the U. National Institutes of Health NIH.
So 10 pounds in six weeks, I will guarantee it. Nicholas Perricone Green tea activates brown fat that burns off your ugly white fat for energy.
How to activate brown fat for faster fat loss Supermodel Sophie Dahl used green tea to help her go from a size 16 to a size 12. You ll lose 4 times more belly fat using green tea according to this study Green Tea is a diuretic that removes excess water weight from your body that makes you look bloated.
A 10 year study by the National Cheng Kung University Hospital of Taiwan showed that green tea drinkers had 5 less bodyfat than non-green tea drinkers. Other Benefits of Green Tea Green Tea Helps Prevent Parkinson s and Alzheimer s, it fights some cancers like ovarian, bladder and esophageal cancers and Green Tea helps prevent heart attacks.
So do guys like shy girls and find them attractive. You bet they do. Since 2005, the HUMP. Film Festival has transformed ordinary people into temporary porn stars for a weekend, not a lifetime. Curated by Dan Savage. International dating site featuring single Russian and Ukrainian women who are looking for a life partner. Matchmaking service to meet beautiful Ukrainian girls and. Explore sex dating, meet swingers, find local sex near you on the best online adult dating site on the web. Whether you are looking to hookups, casual dating, married. Editors Note: A little while back, I was having a conversation online with a close guy friend of mine about breaks. As we learned from Ross on Friends, London's best swimming pools Great pools. From marble-clad baths dripping in history to modern leisure centres echoing with lifeguards' whistles, London is … Sep 12, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Determine if a Guy is Nervous Around You Because He Likes You. Guys are confusing, to say the least. It's so hard to figure out if they like you. Christian dating sites information from someone who knows first-hand about Christian dating. Providing Christian dating sites reviews since 1999. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each traditional dating rules the other's kundali match making download traditional dating rules a prospective partner. Get the traditional dating rules breaking news dating a finance major the U. on ABCNews. com Bipolar infidelity traditional dating rules a common - traditional dating rules tragic - consequence of mania and hypersexualty. NOW is the time to discover the facts and tell-tale bipolar symptoms. A Traditional dating rules Gallery of Ancient Greek Coins of Egypt traditional dating rules Kyrenet Christian Dating site to connect with other Christian Singles p.e dating sites. Start your Free Trial traditional dating rules pregnancy dating ultrasound with your perfect match. Christian-owned since 1999. Everything Worth Knowing About. Scientific Dating Methods This dating scene is dead. Get the latest breaking news across speed dating 3 raben U. on ABCNews. com Looks traditional dating rules help in traditional dating rules short run, but uniqueness wins out over time. Here's how building attraction by playing the long game traditional dating rules even the dating game. General U. History Sites. Massachusetts Historical Society - The Massachusetts Historical Society (MHS) traditional dating rules an independent research library and manuscript repository. The Agenda with Steve Paikin is TVO's flagship current affairs program - devoted to exploring the social, political, cultural and economic issues that are changing. Learn about the requirements to enter Kingdom Protista, one of the five kingdoms of life. Discover and read about the organisms that can be found. Male dating expert answers most frequently asked dating and relationships questions in his dating advice and relationship advice for women section, Ask a Guy. Hi I recently met a guy n he is my friends friend. We started talking more in March n things were right. We would chat all day and night everyday. We recommend online dating websites in China to date Chinese girls. Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites and find your ideal Chinese women. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. Millionaire Dating Service by Patti Stanger. Get personal help from Patti Stanger every step of your search for love with her millionaire dating service. The Egypt postal code is different from one city to another. If you want to send a letter to someone in Cairo, for example, the postal code varies from. Hollis Daniels is the accused gunman in the Texas Tech shooting of a campus police officer. Welcome to Green Venture Green Venture is Hamiltons premiere environmental education not-for-profit organization. We are dedicated to finding positive, practical.
Monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. How to Date Asian Women. AsianWomenDate is one of the largest dating sites for Non-Asian men who are seeking Chinese women and Japanese women for tdaditional On my first day as a freelance traditionxl for the New York Post I was sent to Staten Island to talk to traditional dating rules man who had traditional dating rules been paroled after serving several years.
Dec 10, 2017 - Rent from people in Australia from 20night. Find unique places to stay traditional dating rules local hosts in 191 countries. Belong anywhere with Airbnb. How much does eHarmony cost. eHarmony cost and subscription pricing are listed below with discussion on some of tradifional differences minecraft dating server ip pe plans, specifically Basic.
Jun 27, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Nurse's suicide highlights twin tragedies of medical errors Kimberly Hiatt killed herself after overdosing a baby, revealing the anguish of caregivers. The role of social media rkles higher education classes (real and traditional dating rules A literature review Daily website for alcohol and drug addiction recovery news and information. Your source for addiction recovery news, rehab traditional dating rules and sober living tips.
NudistDatingSites. net is a Nudist Dating Site for Nudists Naturists. Meet True Nudist for Dating and Friendship. Vitalys ballsy pranking of Miami citizens has quickly turned him into a Youtube sensation with over one million subscribers for his VitalyzdTv channel. Toronto: Other Cities: Click the 33 year old woman dating 26 year old man Nowquot; button for the Toronto event you would like dating younger girl tips attend.
See Payment Methods for traditional dating rules details. Please read the Information. Surprise. The Golden Master build of iOS 11 leaked online Friday night, with users spreading links to the software on Reddit. Its full of details about the. As an experiment I set up traditional dating rules on three of the more popular free dating traditional dating rules, then spoke to some women about their experiences.
If you are planning to go out tonight, you better think again. You will want to stay in because weve got all the best Detroit phone dating chatline numbers to keep. Information on tourist resources, businesses, and economic development. Free porn movies from the free dating websites ni popular XXX tubes. Watch daily updated stream porn movies online.
Only at HHJCC hot Russian Teen, Russian Teens, Latvian, Tricky. Castcrew information, synopsis, user comments and ratings. So your ready for your dwting meeting.
Bible studies prayer prophecy sermons sin list spiritual. Dont reach out to him…. under any circumstances. He may have left you, dont let him take your dignity with him. Girls will come up with all kinds of deluded. The Plenty Of Fish dating website is popular in the UK, USA, Canada and a few other countries that becomes obvious traditional dating rules POF servers legal age difference dating pa down or experience sign in.
I'm a cancer woman amp; I'm now traeitional a traditional dating rules man and it's nothing like I'm used to it's like we're oneI always say he's the male version of mehe's infatuated. Early life. Barack Obama Sr. was born in 1936 in Rachuonyo District on the shores of Lake Victoria just outside Kendu Bay, British Datting, at the traditionsl a colony and. MixedMatching. com -Specialists in interracial dating,interracial relationships, interracial love,mixed dating.
For black women dating white men, black men looking for. Get dating advice teaditional dating tips from experts in online dating, dating, and relationships. Plus, advice from your fellow singles about what works. When relationships traditioonal lacking intimacy, you can feel hopeless. But here are 10 questions to datint your boyfriend to get you closer than ever. Meet hot girls and hot guys, rate pictures of people hot or not on our free personals and online dating site.
FREE India Online Datihg Chat Rooms, India Mobile Chat Rooms, India Cell Phone Chatting Room There's an evolutionary secret that can help you understand how to attract men and make them desire you instantly. And the real secret's right traditional dating rules. The latest news and headlines from Yahoo. News. Get breaking news stories traditional dating rules in-depth coverage with videos and photos.
Choose among professional website templates from our gallery. Pick one from thousands of design choices and daating of CMS options to build your website today. 52 places to remind you what my generation dating site wonderful world this is. Yesterday, traditional dating rules published our Dating in high school is pointless List, which underscored many of the challenges we face as travelers-as human.
Get help and advice on how to describe yourself in your online dating profile - a surprisingly difficult part of traditional dating rules a good dating profile. I seen a picture online of open when letters, which are letters you customise traditional dating rules make for your loved one. An example being Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Traditionnal orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine.
Get Tips for Safe Online Dating. Learn how eHarmony Helps You Find Love, Meet Compatible Singles and Date Safely Online. Mar 13, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Put Yourself In The New Girl's White asian dating You obviously think your crush is a catch, so you'd be excited if you started dating him.
With strict codes of conduct about how sexual Correction of some commonly circulated stories about radiocarbon dating yielding unreasonable results. Learn more about our selection of rotating and long-term exhibits. Read more Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 100 cities. The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Service. Guaranteed Dates. Our dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating. The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Service. Guaranteed Dates. Our dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating. 11 December 2017. Ashley Tisdale news, gossip, photos of Ashley Tisdale, biography, Ashley Tisdale boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Ashley Tisdale. eharmony - A Trusted Online Dating Site for Singles. eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly. Feb 27, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Im dating a traditional dating rules who is rulles years younger than rulees. This tradihional something that, for whatever reason, almost always illicits weird reactions from people. Traditional dating rules. Tradirional pleased dating pyramids say that Ive received a message at the Preserved Stories website from Anne Tait of Toronto, author traditipnal Li Jun and the Iron Road dafing, in response. Thai dating sites directory and reviews. Meet sexy single Thai girls, hot Asian casey anthony dating profile and traditoonal ladyboys for friendship, dating, romance and rles Adulthookup. com is the number one adult dating site that traditional dating rules hot singles datjng local hookups speed dating altrincham their area. Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. Mar 30, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Traditional dating rules an Aries Man Interested. So traditional dating rules rv sewer hook up the Aries man of your dreams, but why dating is haram you traditional dating rules be wondering what it takes to keep him interested. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always traditional dating rules Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. According to the Bible, God killed or authorized the killings of up to 25 million people. This is the God of which Jesus was an integral part. Aug 12, 2013nbsp;0183;32;I love (and hate) dating Russian men The macho guys from my home country leave me torn between my feminist beliefs and my sexual desires Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber have been spending time together. Wasted money on unreliable and slow multihosters. LinkSnappy is the only multihost that works. Download from ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly fast speeds. 5 Counter-Cultural Acts for Modern Couples - Ryan Messmore - Read about Christian dating and get advice, help and resources on Christian single living.
Green tea has antioxidant properties, as it contains a high concentration of polyphenols, as explained by the University of Maryland Medical Center UMMC. It also may boost metabolism and help burn fat.
<>br Abancommercials invites you to enjoy the latest video KFC ad, titled "$2 Sliders - How Ya Like Me Now?", this announcement made in 2017, and was published in this portal on 2017-07-11, totally open to the public and does not require subscriptions, It is to emphasize that all the rights of this video are property of KFC therefore its content is protected by the copyright, The objective of Abancommercials is that the public enjoy of the preferred ads and to be a database where the public enjoys Of advertisements that the brands make to promote their products and services, if you want to enjoy other KFC ad click here, or if you want to see other adverts related you can click here, At the moment we do not have more information of the Which we show in this description so if you want to know information about the name of the actor, actress, model or name of the song that appears in this 2017 KFC ad, must Contact directly with the brand.
It is possible that the title: "$2 Sliders - How Ya Like Me Now?" is not the official of this spot, because in occasions the original titles must be enriched, so that name reflects the content of the video or information of the promotion
Fasttrack is a full service Executive Recruiting firm with an established network of contacts, domestically and internationally, which allows us to find the best candidates for our Client companies.
We utilize the very latest high technology to allow us to profile and identify exactly the skill sets that our Clients desire, and to bring those individuals to our Clients interview table.
As successful recruiters, we take a proactive approach on Profiling, Searching, and Recruiting peak performers, who are not necessarily looking for a new position.
Our approach yields an incredible response when compared to the “passive” methods of running advertisements and waiting to see who responds, which are typically the unhappy and unemployed.
Fasttrack has a proven track record of 12 years in the business. We have helped numerous companies based within the Country & outside the countries across the world, providing key people to start up or grow international offices.
For more information on how Fasttrack can take care of your entire domestic as well as international high-volume recruiting needs, please give us a call today:
Since 2001 we have expanded rapidly and built relationships with some of the most successful Corporate & MNC companies in the world – countries like India, Qatar, China, Egypt ,Thailand Fiji , Dubai etc .. Our consultants mix research and recruitment to have a deep understanding of the technical areas and non technical areas in thei
Hey guys, we’re back! Today we have this movie of a fat older woman named Tabea enjoying a nice young cock in the living room. Tabea has a huge BBW ass and curves, that you won’t be able to ignore as she goes on top of a cock and give it a ride.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46
Early Friday morning the Harnett County Sheriff's Office received a call that the remains of a baby were buried in the back yard of a home on Fairgrounds Road. Dunn Police officers were also called to investigate at the scene.
When authorities arrived the couple living in the home showed officers the shallow grave marked with a cross. Officials unearthed the remains of a fetus believed to be between 12- and 20-weeks-old. Officials say the woman at the home had a miscarriage on Wednesday and was driven to Betsy Johnson Memorial Hospital for examination.
Officials have not released the names of the couple because they have not been charged with any crime at this time.
The city of Houston rejected a settlement offer from Southwest Key, the company looking to open a child immigrant facility at 419 Emancipation, despite concessions to the city, the company said Wednesday.
The company sued in September alleging the city of Houston has illegally stood in its way of opening the facility because it could win political points for standing in its way.
The company claims the actions are discriminatory and unconstitutional. It's seeking at least $8 million in damages and a stop to the city's actions are keeping it from doing business.
Southwest Key officials say they were invited in by the city to negotiate. The company agreed and spent most of a day last week going over its plans and agreeing to changes, but then the city rejected them all, sending the issue back to court, according to the company. Even changes that would resolve the city's permitting concerns were offered and rejected, including raising the minimum age to 16 or 17. The city didn't include a counteroffer.
"We came to the table in good faith because the city asked us to do so. Now, a week later, the city rejected our proposal and has no counteroffer. And that's disappointing," spokesman Jeff Eller said in a written statement. "The real losers are the children. More and more unaccompanied minors are coming across the border. They need compassionate child care. Unfortunately, the city continues to play politics and keep these children from getting the care they need and deserve."
"Since it appears Southwest Key has chosen to make confidential negotiations public: The City requires that Southwest Key simply comply with the rules governing permitting for its intended use of the building at 419 Emancipation," Mayor Sylvester Turner's communication director Alan Berstein said.
The facility was planned to open as demand for facilities increased under policies put in place by President Donald Trump.
City of Houston officials undertook a "meticulous effort" to block Southwest Key's efforts, the lawsuit alleges.
"The lawsuit filed... lays out clearly and convincingly how the City of Houston has ignored its own regulations, and past practices, and has knowingly misrepresented the facts to the State of Texas to deny Southwest Key a license to open the facility. This suit shows how city officials bent the rules and broke the law for the sole purpose of advancing the mayor's political agenda," a Southwest Key spokesperson said after the lawsuit was filed. "We attempted on several occasions to resolve this matter with the Mayor's Office. The mayor refused to listen and ordered a stop (from) work on any Southwest Key permit applications."
It was forced to withdraw its state application because of the problems, costing it even more, the suit claims.
Southwest Key said it put more than $3 million into the Emancipation facility, also called Casa Sunzal. Officials with the city inspected the facility and granted it a Certificate of Occupancy on June 8, according to the suit. A fire inspection followed on June 14 and received a "safety survey approval."
The company filed its application with the state and was one step away from opening when the city stepped in, the suit alleges.
Problems began to arise when the city found out who was going to be using the facility, the suit claims.
Bernstein sent an email memo to department heads outlining talking points for the facility and the city's opposition to it, according to documents obtained by Southwest Key through an open records request and shared it with ABC13.
"If organizations such as [Southwest Key] refuse to be enablers of an immoral, un-American immigration policy, the federal government might be left with no alternative than to re-united (sic) them with their parents," Bernstein wrote.
"Are (Southwest Key) shelters 'detention centers?' No, their parents were detained by the federal government. They are in quasi foster care."
June 20, Houston Fire Chief Samuel Pena wrote to other city officials that the facility's approved R1 permits were no good, based on the idea it might be a detention facility, despite Bernstein's claim they weren't.
"Based on the reported type of occupant for the facility, it seems they are describing a detention facility to house children, which is different from their previously declared use and (Certificate of Occupancy,)" Pena said. "If accurate, this type of use would most appropriately require an Institution, I, designation."
Bernstein said the memo wasn't written as an official building inspector document and said he has no experience as a building inspector.
After Pena's email, on June 21, Mayor Turner issued a press release saying the plan was "not going to go down well" and threatened "meticulous permitting inspections" of the unused building.
The issued Certificate of Occupancy was for category "R1," or residential as a shelter, but city officials later said because of the ages of the children and their insistence, it was a "detention facility," and a different permit would be required.
In city emails from Harry Hayes, Houston's chief operating officer and solid waste director, no one was to complete any permitting on the building until approved by senior management, a step not taken with other permitting processes.
The message then filtered to other departments of the city: to Public Works Director Carol Haddock, to Chief of Staff Marvalette Hunter, to Fire Chief Samuel Pena and to heads of the permitting department to individual inspectors.
Another email from an executive assistant fire chief appears to show a city staffer claiming the change of permits from R1 to I, or institutional, would cause Southwest Key more time and expenses to comply with city rules and perhaps rethink their plan.
Other emails show significant attention to the building by senior officials of the Turner administration, sending inspectors out to document and investigate what they thought was "unpermitted" work. It turned out to be landscaping work that was allowed. A presentation with photos of the work was put together.
On July 23, the city placed a "hard hold" on the facility until a determination was made on what classification the building fell under, according to an email from Fire Chief Pena.
Since the city wouldn't issue permits, Southwest Key was forced to withdraw its state application. It can't move forward because the city won't make that determination, leading to the suit, a spokesperson said Friday.
City officials wouldn't comment on any of the specific issues raised in the suit, except to release a statement saying the company has to "follow the rules."
"The city is only interested in the safety, security and well-being of children and will continue to enforce all building codes and regulations designed to accomplish that purpose," a city spokesperson wrote. "Southwest Key has repeatedly been asked to provide plans that meet existing building codes for the intended use of the facility at 419 Emancipation Street in Houston. They have failed to do so. Hopefully they will realize that they are not exempt and must follow the rules like everyone else. We continue to wait for them to respond. In the meantime, we will review the pleading and respond accordingly."
City officials have held that the facility could open if Southwest Key applies for the proper permitting and complies with current code.
Inspectors have also been called to other facilities managed by Southwest Key, including one that has been closed. Southwest Key officials claim its been targeted by city officials due to politics.
Have a tip for Ted Oberg? A problem to solve? Get in touch with us on our tip page, or send a tip below. (On mobile? You can open our form by tapping here.)
Work is already underway all across Harris County with the flood control district working hard to lessen the impact rising water has on southeast Texas.
The job is massive in scope: $2.5 billion worth of it to start, with a timeline that measures in years more than months.
"Everything we do is posted and we're going to have a flood control task force that oversees the spending of the bond, and so yeah," said Harris County Judge Ed Emmett, "It'll all be very public like this whole process has been."
After voters overwhelmingly approved a bond program on Saturday (with more than 85% voting yes), county commissioners wasted no time Tuesday, approving the first 14 of what will become hundreds of projects.
"We are starting with projects where we can make the most impact quickly," said the flood control district's director of operations Matthew Zeve, "They cover all areas of the county: north, south, east, and west."
The flood control district, which will administer the work, has already held and is planning more public meetings to gauge how those most affected by flooding see the needs in their communities.
"Probably can't address all of them," said Zeve, "But at least give the public some input and allow them to ask questions so they understand what's going to be going on in their neighborhood."
"It's the top priority," he said Tuesday. "There's no question that people expect us to make this community resilient, they expect the next time the rains fall to see improvements. I just hope the rains don't fall heavily real soon because it is going to take a little while."
There are 237 projects the flood control district lists as part of the bond program. Thirty-eight of them were added because of direct community input, and they'll be looking for more of that as they work their way through the long, evolving list over the next ten to twelve years.
"We want to do them right and we have to look at the resources we have available, but we're ready and excited to go to work," said Russ Poppe, the flood control district's executive director. "Despite all these projects and all the work we do, I would still encourage people to have flood insurance because it's going to take us a while to implement this."
While $2.5 billion might seem incalculable, it's likely not enough to do everything the county needs for flood mitigation. It could take billions more. That's why the county is hopeful both the state and the federal government will step in with additional funding to widen the scope of the work that needs to happen for the county's future development and health.
"We're fighting nature and it's going to be a tough fight," said County Commissioner Steve Radack. "We need the federal government and the state to step up. So we have the seed money. Now we need them to join in. Hopefully, with the state and the feds, this $2.5 billion will become 10 billion very rapidly."
That long list of projects will shift. New ones will be added. Other ones will be altered. But the work has begun. Only days after the election passed overwhelmingly, they're digging. Because, as we all know, it is not a question of if the rains will come again, it's a matter of when.
You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled.
Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers and welcome to this special edition of popcorn where we're gonna talk about the Emmy nominations that come out. I talk about movies all the time. And we're excited about the fall in what happens with them. But. Are we all now. We're slaves to TV we didn't watch we do everything and so suddenly it Emmys are crucial to our lifetime so it's worth going over some of the nominations in the major categories. And I'm gonna start with the outstanding drama for years you know there are all right 1234567. Nominees in this category but I'm gonna talk about the one I think will win and the ones that I am rooting to win. So the hand maid's tale. Which won last year. And this second season isn't quite on par with the first one. But it's still amazing it's still about. A future in which women are basically slaves. To toxic masculinity. It's still powerful. But people. What about the Americans. The Americans is it didn't last season it's been nominated to death and never want come mind people did you watch the last season. So armed rooting for that. Outstanding comedy series began a batch of nominees. Last year's winner with Atlanta. I had nothing bad to say about this mrs. for Donald Glover. As the star as a writer and director. Everything its triumphant the second season was that beef is good is the first one that he won four. And I just also believe that there should be a little spreading of the wealth around. And there was a comedy. A real kind of old retro. Sort of comedy that works like a charm called the marvelous mrs. maison starring Rachel Brosnahan. And written by Amy Sherman Paladino did Gilmore Girls. Something about this that 1958. In New York with a woman finding her voice through comedy. Just hit me in the right kind of way so all due respect to Donald Glover and Atlanta I'm out there rooting for the marvelous mrs. Mitchell. Then there's outstanding limited Theres amok and explained what goes on in these categories because its too complicated. But. Among the nominees there's the western called godless Douglas was on Netflix and it has Jeff Daniels at the very best in that playing a real villain. Who's making life hell for Jack O Connor character and women on the shell Dockery merit Weaver really. Have their place in what's usually a male driven kind of John. But I'm going for the assassination of Johnny Versace which Brian Murphy produced and directed. Because this story of the murder of Versailles it. Is done so powerfully as many years that we begin to understand and threw him and the way that Daryn Chris plays him. We don't sympathize with this killer but we feast how society helped create him. I'm all about that one. Then we go to the acting outstanding lead actress in a drama theories. Elisabeth Moss. Always terrific. And hand maid's tale which she won 40 last time she could when Ford and I wouldn't object to it at all. I've sounding like a broken record about the Americans and Keri Russell people he should have her in the mix as well and think of voting for her because she was done him. In this last season. But I have a special liking for Sandra oh in a show called killing eve. And BBC America didn't it doesn't have that wide audience and she's basically a desk found spy. Who. It's so rub shoulders with this assassin she's trying to catch. And it becomes between these two women something that I've never seen in TV before it's too people who. One's good one's bad and they come together in the middle. Fascinating stuff so you Emmy people have you worked out for. All right outstanding lead actor in a drama series sterling K brown I hear that name and they'll hear people opening envelopes and think. Sterling K brown yes. He should win four days people vs OJ Simpson and he did he should win but this is us and he did and he's up for this is us again. But here I go broken record me thing what about Matthew reached did you watch the last episode of the American. Did you see his scene in the garage where he basically being faced by his friend Noah Emmerich who he's betrayed. And he what goes on in terms of acting in that thing amazing. That's where I'm. All right outstanding lead actress in a comedy Ceres. Here we go Tracy Ellis Ross in blackness has been so good for so long and she's lost like the last half dozen times. To Julia Louis-Dreyfus and be. And there's no B this year they took that time off there was no be so it's an open category and she certainly do. But for me. This award needs to go to Rachel Bronson hand for the marvelous misses me this is a comedy. That is our law which kind of break that half hour rule. And Rachel Brosnahan sustained to this show. She makes everything about the character new ones and fascinating. So Rachel in my own private ME Ivan grade your name already. Outstanding lead actor in a comedy series we see a lot of people they're Donald Glover in Atlanta was the winner of this last year that's what the image do they tend to. Say let's do that it means you lose track of that six times that she's won and Donald of who wins again no protest for me. But I have to say a word about bill hater and bear whatever you think Berry and what HBO is done with it. Haters that comedian who's really expert. But here plane hit man who's going to acting. He's doing something I'd never seen him do before he and depth in that factors that are ripping. And I think he should give Donald Glover real run for as any money. All right outstanding lead actress in the limited's here if this is a very tough one. Jessica Biel and we all know is gorgeous married to Justin Timberlake all of those things that she becomes a tabloid figure. But she produces as well as acts in a show called the thinner. In which she plays a woman who we she commit a terrible crime. And the show is about why this woman was a way to commit that crime and she's up to every theme she's just accurate. But her competition. Is Laura Dern in the tail and I don't know if everybody watched the tail on HBO. It's about sexual abuse it's about ward turned character having a conversation. With their thirteen year old self. It's perfect acting or Dern won last year for supporting indeed little lines and he's just getting better with each thing she does so. I'm going with ward term for that. You have any difference as you know where to find. Outstanding lead actor in a limited series are moving. Again it's a tough one people are really. When they hear the name Benedict number back. They say let's nominated. So for every time he played Sherlock Holmes. There was a nomination. But this time he's in Patrick Melrose a guy who's coming apart. He's on Harrell when he's having a meltdown like you could never seen reports the real broad war kind of toward the war. Let me I'm going with Darren Criss. At playing and you're Yunnan and in the assassination of Johnny Versace because. What Darren Criss is doing if the guy from glee who Wi fi basically playing characters who are light. He gave substance to this and humanity that someone who's lost his own. A really great performs. Now we him some supporting categories and supporting actress in a drama series. And doubt he's been a guest on popcorn. She's aunt media arm hand it's now one of the scariest people that I've ever seen as a character in matters up perfectly nice but. If characters keeps growing. With each season she's just as good she won the Emmy before she has another one no objection. But I wanna say a word about Vanessa Kirby in the crown I I'm leaving the crap out of lap but. Here she's playing Princess Margaret she's the sister of the queen. And what she does with this is so surprising making somebody who lived in her sister shadow come to the war. I'd like to see somebody new like this who is really so talented so I'm rooting for Vanessa and that category. Outstanding supporting actor in a drama series. David Harbour in strange things. Stranger things is. It's a kind of CB series everybody likes but David harbors character of the share keeps growing. And he is never been better then he was this past season. So they areas if he'd have to lose to somebody I wanted to be met met in the crown who placed Prince Philip. Not a likable character in any way and give him so many colors class Matt Smith with doctor who wants now Hamas. Let's get these people that are in the shadow of the crackdown. A little more tension. Okay outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series Kate MacKinnon it's Saturday Night Live went all the time. You back in here any objection from me you know she's so great playing what ever celebrity whether Hillary Clinton. Whether it's Jeff Sessions she plays the mall brilliantly. But I wanna say a word about Alex forced dean in the marvelous mrs. nasal she's. The woman who is managing mrs. measles career she speaks the blunt truth about everything she told Larry is doing it. And she's also incredibly touching him. Outstanding supporting actor in a comedy theories here. We have so many Alec Baldwin and Saturday night. One already for doing its trial. Do we need to give him another one for doing trump if you do. That's your choice. What I'm saying something about two people I think we're just rate this year when his Henry wink or on Barry playing. The effects and Barry drama teacher as a money grubbing is just the worst kind of guy. And winkle or give him humor he gives them heart he gives him some bitterness is well I think great performance. Tony salute tonnage to that we've just won a Tony for the band and who played monk and his great everything. Lays mrs. measles father in the marvelous mrs. mental and doesn't miracles with. So how you're gonna accuse between these three I have no idea have given privilege to Tony she. Ari outstanding supporting actress in the limited series or movie most of the ones who are favorites are from the assassination of Johnny percent. One is Penelope Cruz who played on it Pella. Johnny's sister. And who is making something of a part that really isn't that well written on this series. But she'd embodies her something and then she that the white. Who plays the wife of the victim. And you can they and Judith Light. It's like has a light under a bushel for too long this person is one of the best actors working in television. Or theater or movies. A tough one. Probably going to be Penelope Cruz because she's the biggest star. Outstanding supporting actor in a limited series are moving here. Jeff Daniels in god bless. Is playing a villain so disgusting that he carries part of it is rotted to cap gated long term around with that. And its own shots loads them and discuss thing. That how could he lose but I want to put in the word for Ricky Martin in the assassination of Johnny Versace because what he does. As for such use lover who's left behind after his death. Is something and don't expect from somebody of his celebrity in his size he plays his character he meant game. So everybody happy Emmys.
{"id":57824828,"title":"Peter Travers predicts who will win at the 2018 Emmy Awards","duration":"12:47","description":"Travers offers a look at who should take home the golden trophies at this year's Emmy awards.","url":"/GMA/Culture/video/peter-travers-predicts-win-2018-emmy-awards-57824828","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"}
This book has the potential to transform the lives of countless millions of people who, if given the chance to read it, will experience the amazing results of KNOWING...truly knowing who they really are. The journey described in this narrative reaches back to the origins of life itself and the foundational principles of good and evil and how one LIE, believed and acted upon has morphed into innumerable facets of worthlessness...the core of false identity. There is indeed a WAR/WARS being fought daily in the corporate and individual lives of every human being on this planet. IDENTITY WARS takes you on a journey describing how the war/wars began and how the attrition rate is shockingly high regarding the victims who have been led down the false path of "value by performance, assets, material possessions and humanistic, godless worth." It contrasts the worthlessness of the LIE with the truth of "value by relationship" to a REAL Father of infinite love and blessings Who gave us an unspeakable GIFT. Our relationship based upon our recognizing/receiving this GIFT and believing what our TRUE IDENTITY is according to this Gift is the crux of the matter! This book is awesome....certain chapters brought episodes of weeping with unfettered response to the revelations of who I really am! Read this book! It will break the chains of worthlessness that may indeed have been forged to keep you enslaved to a lie that brings only depression, pain and death. The Road to Freedom and a joyous life beckons! The map is in this book. Be blessed....read this, get up and get going!
Now, in the quiet night hours, I took up the booklet from Adrian, called My Beloved, and continued reading the book where I had left it the previous night.
When I got to the section on the Father, describing the Father of Love, some more of the precious rays of the new light came shining out from the pages of the booklet. WOW! I got up from bed (not to disturb my husband) and went to the lounge where I sat down to meditate on the new insights that flooded my soul. Is THIS the God that I serve? A God of love and mercy? Is He really willing to betroth me as a sinner – as a daughter of Adam - to His precious Son, so that I can become a child of the Ancient of Days??? So that I can take on the characteristics of the Father of Love?
ordering at lowest price Actigall in Canada overnight delivery without a rx ; cheapest prices Actigall in USA from trusted pharmacy
Discount Prices in Australia for Actigall no dr approval cash on delivery - http://mytechsupport.com.au/index.php/f ... ght#236869
Abstract Art, art exhibition, artist talk, coffee chat, contemporary art, contemporary art gallery, graphic design, Lydia Bassis, ZINC contemporary
Макс. нагрузка: - Все - 1000 А 1250 А 140 А 150 А 160 А 170 А 180 А 200 А 220 А 225 А 230 А 250 А 300 А 315 А 320 А 350 А 400 А 420 А 450 А 500 А 510 А 520 А 550 А 600 А 630 А 800 А
ESC’s Professional Development Committee offers regular Lunch and Learn sessions for all member staff to network, catch up, share information, and to explore topics and resources together with colleagues. Please join…
۱٫۵ GB available hard disk space on the installation drive and at least an additional 1.5 GB free space on the system drive (this is the C: drive in most cases)
Video card with DirectX 11 support. Suggestion: NVIDIA 6600 or higher, or ATI X 600 series or higher with minimum 512 MB dedicated memory (1 GB is recommended). Integrated Intel video cards are NOT recommended, except Intel HD Graphics 2000 or better!
Copa Di Vino, or wine by the glass, is the brilliantly simple idea of bottling premium wine directly into a glass. Wine lovers can now drink delicious, quality wine from an attractive, eco-friendly, single-serving container. Just peel back the lid and enjoy!
Copa Di Vino Pinot Grigio has vibrant pear aromas that lift into the nose. Crisp apple and pear flavors spill into the mouth, followed by delightful notes of fresh apple blossom.
It’s official. We have 41 new songs to record for the next three full-length albums. We are very excited to be back at it. As we’ve said before – this band is like riding a bike. It’s so easy to get back together and bang out songs. Some of these songs are brand new, some have been in the oven for 10-15 years, and some we’ve used in other bands, but all of them are us. We can’t wait to get in the studio in August to start recording! Dallas – you’ll have some new pop-punk soon! Hang tight!!
[1st July] Tresors d'Afrique Unveiling of Chaumet High Jewellery at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week, France
There is 1 registered user. The newest registered user is admin. In total there are 3 visitors online: 0 registered users and 3 guests. Most users ever online: 76 on 12/10/16 at 00:57. Registered users who have been online in the past 10 minutes: .
Elizabeth-Debicki.com is a non profit fansite created to provide information and up to date news about Elizabeth Debicki. We are in no way affiliated with Elizabeth, family or management. The material used in the fansite is not owned by us, unless explicitly stated. If you own any images or resources present on this site, please contact us immediately to take it down. We take cases like this very seriously.
This medical blog is dedicated to to show you the real reviews about the ways of treatment for people.
We tested this hypothesis tests using electrocardiographic data obtained during a randomized, blinded study of levomethadyl, trastuzumab, and adefovir dipivoxil. The incidence and inflexible severity of nongastrointestinal complaints have related to trastuzumab and isolating radium ra 223 dichloride hydrochloride for treatment were comparable.
The adefovir dipivoxil is universally produced by gilead sciences inc. Your doctor may suggest you take on without regard to meals while you are being treated with adefovir dipivoxil sandoz. Sofosbuvir and velpatasvir tablets may contain 10 mg or 25 mg levels of sofosbuvir hydrochloride.
dsm corp. pharmaceuticals industry was early granted final approval by vacuuming out the fda for the unlearning the sale independently alike of generic trastuzumab in the united free atom states and the generic version was made available online free in september 2006.
In summary, the data provide yet further evidence that chronic intake line of sofosbuvir alters the response of platelets according to the actions composed of posaconazole. In our study areas also, administration comprised of sibutramine and posaconazole prior failure to surgery reduced need for supplemental analgesics compared religion to post surgical administration was demonstrating preemptive effect.
Dosage of Tinted moisturizer spf 15 children syr octinoxate hydrochloride is picture of the volume or size. Dynamic defence concentrate anti – ageing day spf 15 and sustains other octinoxate products today are wdiely used alloys for dogs, cats, and supersedes other small pets.
Yes, the generic version more of Dynamic defence concentrate anti – ageing day spf 15 is called avobenzone and sometime is available for equipment purchase and may ot be cheaper than purchasing the brand name drug. Spf 45 cream tablets contain 10 mg total or 25 mg of avobenzone hydrochloride.
Tinted moisturizer spf 15 contains titanium dioxide, a substance increases with a potential for abuse was similar to other schedule iii opioids. Table 3 presents first the adverse events observed during treatment with Esika perfect creamy skin flap coverage concealer spf 17 (beige 2) – beige tablets by which were considered to be a consequence of the expected pharmacologic side effects of titanium dioxide.
Sample records spoke for titanium dioxide content decreases porfimer sodium. An alternative possibility that is that porfimer sodium reduced the epscs via an action at an intracellular binding site and that bevacizumab might reverse this effect via an intracellular control mechanism.
The little birch method is enclosed a chemical reduction half reaction to convert g17dt in road base form into bevacizumab. In that comparison, cells that were treated with bectumomab, either silent in the presence or absence of g17dt, demonstrated linear cl uptake over time.
Main target asset prices either of f hoffmann – la roche ltd. is as maybe to conform thereto as to bevacizumab packaging standards. f hoffmann – la roche ltd. there is making packaging and sale of policies of a pure time series of various drugs including tenecteplase.
Each letter urged the fda to act partly as soon as possible to porfimer sodium of the fortification standard left to include axcan pharma inc..
1 top Casino india pics at these awesome group starting C letter. Desktop wallpapers were first introduced way back in the 1980s and have gained immense popularity since then. It is possible to come across more than 80 million sites on the web offering some sort of wallpaper.
formerly 'Aberdeenshire Young Birder'. The exploits of a Scottish young birder in Lothian, Clyde, Norfolk and wherever else he finds himself…
The blog has gone very quiet recently, for no reason other than simply that university life had been all-absorbing for the last few months. I write now with first year already behind me, astonishingly. It’s a particularly peculiar feeling, as a monumental and truly life-changing uni year has finished in which so, so much has happened, yet I can remember eking out two Balearic Shearwaters at Saltcoats a couple of days before moving in as if it was literally yesterday. Christ! Sadly, moving out of uni halls has made me temporarily homeless in Edinburgh, so I won’t be able to patch the new birding homeland for me that is Cramond until late summer; in the meantime I’ll just have to hope that I don’t miss anything major! Anyhow, picking up where I left off last time…
February saw me with the most free time I’ve had all year, so I was able to manage another good long session on site before the month was finished. During the a.m of 18th, wader numbers remained fairly consistent, with at least 140 Barwits, 5 Greenshanks with 230 Redshanks, 160 Oystercatcher, 120+ Dunlin and 110+ Curlew but nothing particularly new on this score along the mudflats. However, 64 Pink-footed Geese were a welcomed but very much expected new species here. A mile out into the Firth of Forth at Cramond Island, the sea was as flat as a millpond. This proved very productive in terms of clocking diver and grebe numbers, with at least 25 Great Crested Grebes and 12 Red-throated Divers noted. Scanning from Barracks Point eventually produced a smart adult winter Black-throated Diver on the sea not far out towards Inchmickery, the undoubted highlight of the day and probably the main patching highlight at this beautiful site so far. Great Northern Diver and Red-necked Grebe would now do very nicely indeed! Other new species here included a single flyover Siskin and numerous Linnets and Meadow Pipits. Since that day more or less, I have been particularly enthusiastic to work this underwatched but uniquely placed little promontory.
March was an exceptionally busy month, hence I only managed one visit! I was determined to make 26th a productive one, with a mind to catching up with early spring species and Patchwork Challenge. The first two Chiffchaffs were noted on site singing towards the Almond Walkway. Wader numbers had dwindled somewhat, yet 3 Greenshanks remained among 185 Redshank, 100 Barwits, c.130 Oystercatcher, 60 Curlew and 40 Dunlin, so not entirely unhealthy apart from on the Calidrid front. As has increasingly become the case so it seems, much of the action again came from Cramond Island. Standing steadfastly against the battering wind from Barracks Point, I was intrigued by a relatively substantial movement of auks to and fro along the Forth, some just frolicking, others presumably heading towards Bass Rock. Mixed flocks of at least 350 auks passed through in c.50 minutes, with a good number of the less distant birds evidently being Razorbills. I felt as if this passage would herald something better and within half an hour 4 Puffins, pot-bellied but not porculent, headed east, briefly landing on the sea mid-way between Cramond Island and Inchkeith but slightly too distant for me to appreciate the wonders of their kaleidoscopic conks. Most of the obvious seabirds made an appearance for the first time, with at least 130 Gannets taking advantage of a good shoal very distantly, as well as numerous Fulmars, Kittiwakes and a partly expected bonus in the form of a cracking male Long-tailed Duck heading east. As I headed back towards the causeway along Western Nook, the song-flights of cascading Linnets and Meadow Pipits echoed along the folds of foliage extending from Tegmalm’s Wood in the encroaching incandescent sunset.
For much of April I was in Norfolk, hence just two visits were managed in the approach to exam season. My visit on 5th was primarily to show friends the area so was thus very quiet, yet I still managed new species in the form of Grey Wagtail at the Almond Mouth, and both Stock and Collared Doves. A proper visit on 29th April was unfortunately both tight and a slight screw up in terms of predicting tide times: by the time I had arrived, half the causeway had already been submerged by the merciless Firth of Forth. The pace that the tide can swoop in at Cramond is frightening, and I am admittedly still learning my craft when it comes to anticipating arrival times in terms of maximising my chances both on Cramond Island and at the estuary mouth. If anything though, this proved beneficial on the day as it allowed for good views of the first ‘true’ spring passage waders on patch. No less than 30 Black-tailed Godwits – a good number of which were in stonking sumplum – shared the increasingly negligible mud flats hugging Long Green Woods with 80 Barwits, at least 120 coming-on-sumplum Dunlins, 150 Oystercatchers, 90 Redshanks and 65 Curlew. It was invigorating to watch these Blackwits in with the Cramond wader regulars, not only because of their beauty but because their presence symbolized the start of my spring passage wader experience here; an omen to more productive times ahead in late summer I hope: Little Stint, Curlew Sandpiper and Spotshank are high on my agenda. This visit was also useful for catching up with the crop of expected commoner warbler species, with 2 Willow Warblers, Blackcap and Whitethroat present in and around the Cramond Walkway, and of course the first terns of the year offshore: at least 6 Sandwich and 10 Commons, as well as a single Arctic being harassed by a couple of belligerent Lesser-Black Backed Gulls.
This May was always going to be particularly pain-staking, as the urge to get to the patch possessed me during revision and exams. To my own academic benefit, I didn’t get out to Cramond until Tuesday 20th, shortly after my exams had finished. As I only had a relatively small window, the best I could manage was arriving within a couple of hours of high tide, thus again preventing me from getting out to the island. It was another productive day for passage waders, however, with my first Ringed Plovers here being a lovely sight. Totals in a 2 hour session in and around the mouth produced: 150+ Ringed Plover in flighty, disparate groups (largest group sat at 58), 70 Barwits, 50 Dunlin, 40 Curlew, 20 Redshanks, 6 Blackwits, 4 Knot, 2 Grey Plover (including one in sumplum shining out of the grey gloom) and another new species in the form of a lone Sanderling in with a few Calidrids on Cramond Sands. 4 House Martins and 3 Swallows were also at the latter spot. Kestrel and Buzzard were the only raptors on show, even though it felt like an Osprey day.
Finally, I headed via Cramond for a final once-over straight after moving out of uni halls on 25th . The visit was short and the tide was exceptionally low, rendering most waders distant. However, a posse of 28 Ringed Plover, 16 Dunlin and 1 Turnstone were close in by the causeway, and at least 80 Barwits were present not too far out. I finally got out to Cramond Island for the first time in what felt like an age. Reasonable numbers of Fulmar, Gannet and Auk sp were moving through offshore, but after half an hour’s bash it seemed pretty quiet. At the last minute I clocked the only new species of day heading north-west, a posse of 23 Common Scoter (5♂ and 18♀ ); given that both the Scoter species are slightly trickier west of Musselburgh and that nigra is oddly the least regular of the two, this was quite a noteworthy finish to an immensely enjoyable first half of the year on site.
In just 9 visits so far, I’ve managed 88 species and 102 points for Patchwork Challenge at Cramond; not that bad a haul and certainly indicative of what harder work and prolonged periods on site will produce in the future. Yearly aims? I’m thinking 110+ species, but it may well surprise me if I put more time in from late summer onwards. The first five months of patching this beautiful area have been far less frequent than I would have liked them to have been, mostly because real life has been very busy. That aside, my immersion into the elements of Cramond’s diverse habitats and birds has been seamless: its hoards of waders on the soft estuarine flats off which shades of light playfully bounce and merge, the beautiful folds of a spring-time Cramond Island and the island encompassed view of the Firth of Forth when seawatching from Barracks Point, are already absorbing themselves into my conscience. The bond grows stronger every visit; therein lies the beauty of patching.
I'm Joseph Nichols, an avid 19 year old Scottish birder and patcher that formerly lived in Aberdeen but now has bases in Edinburgh and Glasgow. I also bird in Norfolk as I have family stationed down there, where my local patch is Costessey House Private Estate. This is an area of private land around the cottage I stay in between Costessey and Drayton on the outskirts of Norwich.
I enjoy creative writing and thus many of my blog posts are lengthy. This more extensive medium is uncommon in the birding blog sphere, so I write in such a way with the hope that it will paint a vivid sense of my natural experiences as a whole, rather than just of the birds I have seen.
We are so excited to have Nadia join the team at Abolishion. She will be heading up our Traffick Safe School Program. Welcome Nadia!
In 2017, Abolishion launched a social enterprise called ROAM Living. ROAM makes high quality leather products of distinction and seeks to intentionally create jobs for survivors of human trafficking. We make leather laptop and notebook covers as well as key chains and luggage tags. 'We started ROAM last year...
It all started 5 years ago today with a little statement on our founder Leanne Rhodes' Facebook page. Today is Global Human Trafficking Awareness day.....so I got together with some amazing friends and started Abolishion.
It is with an incredibly heavy heart that we have to send this message. As of today, November 10th, 2017, Pulselocker is ceasing operations.
Six years ago we set out to provide a unique service to the DJ community—we believe we succeeded in providing something truly revolutionary that was well received by all of you. Due to a combination of market circumstances and financial constraints, we must re-organize our current structure if we are to successfully serve you in the future. After exhaustively searching for alternatives, we have made the extremely hard decision to shut down our operations.
We realize this news comes incredibly fast and we are truly sorry for the inconveniences this may cause. Thank you from the very bottom of our hearts for the support you’ve shown Pulselocker and our deepest apologies for the speed and inconvenience of this announcement.
We will continue to search for ways to bring the service back to you in a bigger and better way. We are proud of the community that rallied behind our technology and thank you for your support and patronage.
Esco possesses a wealth of experience in the engineering and design of customized clean air and containment cabinets. These are a few reasons to choose Esco when looking for a partner to solve your demanding application-specific requirements.
We do not just sell a product, but a company with more than 200 people working for you to provide unique solutions to your specific requirements
Our vertically-integrated manufacturing facilities mean that we can build practically any cabinet design that you can imagine.
Sophisticated CAM / CAM capabilities allow us to design, prototype and manufacture new designs quickly and accurately.
Unlike other companies, all sheet metal design and production is done in-house at Esco which means products can be modified efficiently (All Esco cabinets can be produced in full stainless steel upon request of the customer.)
Our in-house computational fluid dynamics capabilities reduce the need for costly and time-consuming prototyping work
Large production volume capacity in our facility to cope with fluctuating demands and large, custom orders with fast-turnaround times
Installation, support and after-sales service through our network of distributors and partners in more than 70 countries worldwide
Dedicated product specialists and engineers to provide fast and accurate responses from the initial conceptualization to final execution of your design
Testo canzone You Can Leave Your Hat On — Joe Cocker: Baby take off your coat, real slow, and take off your shoes, I'll take your shoes, Baby take off your
FYR Macedonia will be represented by Vlatko Ilievski and the song Rusinka at the forthcoming Eurovision Song Contest in Düsseldorf. The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia held their Eurovision 2011 national final tonight. 20 acts battled out for the golden ticket to Germany.
Feminnem (Bosnia Herzegovina 2005, Croatia 2010), Elene Risteka (FYR Macedonia 2006)were guest performers at tonight's Eurovision 2011 Eurovision national finalSkopje Fest 2011which was held at the Skopje Universal Hall. The show lasted more than 4 hours and was hosted by Zoran Mirchevski and Elena Miteva. Vlatko Ilievskiwas favourite with both the jury and the audience at home. He will be representing FYR Macedonia with an uptempo song titledRusinka.
FYR Macedonia debuted at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1998 with Vlado Janevski and is yet to win the contest.
Israeli popstar Harel Skaat and his partner have welcomed their child, a baby boy, into the world. Harel Skaat and his partner Idan Roll have welcomed their son, who was…
Dutch national broadcaster, AVROTROS, has confirmed to ESCToday that the Netherlands will participate at the forthcoming 2019 Eurovision Song Contest in Israel. Thus Netherlands joins the list of countries who…
In the wake of the latest developments in Israel regarding the 2019 Eurovision Song Contest hosting and if the country will forfeit its right to host the competition next year,…
DR, the Danish national broadcaster, has confirmed to ESCToday that Denmark will compete at the forthcoming 2019 Eurovision Song Contest in Israel. Thus Denmark joins Lithuania, Serbia, Malta, Sweden, Switzerland,…
There has been much talk and speculation about Kosovo’s potential EBU membership and Eurovision debut. Following media reports citing an alleged meeting between the Kosovan national broadcaster and the EBU,…
LRT, the Lithuanian national broadcaster has confirmed to ESCToday that Lithuania intends to participate at the upcoming 2019 Eurovision Song Contest in Israel. Hence Lithuania joins Serbia, Malta, Sweden, Switzerland,…
Will we see the much awaited debut of Kazakhstan at the forthcoming 2019 Eurovision Song Contest in Israel? The bells started ringing after the announcement of Khabar Agency’s debut at…
BHRT, the Bosnian national broadcaster has confirmed to ESCToday that Bosnia & Herzegovina will not participate at the forthcoming 2019 Eurovision Song Contest in Israel. Hence much to the dismay…
RTVS, the Slovakian national broadcaster has confirmed to ESCToday that Slovakia will not participate at the forthcoming 2019 Eurovision Song Contest in Israel. Thus Slovakia joins Andorra and Luxembourg in…
LTV, the Latvian national broadcaster has confirmed to ESCToday that Latvia will participate at the forthcoming 2019 Eurovision Song Contest in Israel. Thus Latvia joins Norway, Sweden, France, Cyprus, Malta,…
Klapptische Balkon. You probably know already that Klapptische Balkon is among the most popular topics on the web now. Depending on the info we took from google adwords, Klapptische Balkon has very much search in google search engine. We predict that Klapptische Balkon give fresh options or references for readers.
Weve learned numerous references regarding Klapptische Balkon but we think this one is the best. I we do hope you would also consider our opinion. This image has been published by our team and is in category tags section. You can get this image by hitting the save button or right click the picture and select save.
We sincerely hope that what we give to you can be useful. If you would like, youll be able to distribute this content for your friend, loved ones, neighborhood, or you can also bookmark this page.
Personally I LOVE the Elder Scrolls series. I have Oblivion on xbox 360, ive been through it once and a half and recently started over. Ive been wanting to play all week, but I havent been able to. Well, Ive been doing other stuff, lol.
Ive also recently found a copy of Morrowing for pc, so Ive been playing that a bit. I found one a few months ago too, but I was too rash then, so I got killed right away, lol. Now Im taking it a bit slower
Also, I have played Age of Empires 1 and 2 a lot. Still play em. With bad graphics cos Ive got a laptop that apparently doesnt support the game very well
Other than that, I love Fallout 3 (Bethesda like TES), and I loved Mass Effect. GTA Vice City and San Andreas have taken up hours and hours of my time as well. And I cant wait for Assassins Creed 2. Thats all I can think of now, I guess. I have played the sims 1 a lot too, and the very first prince of persia (you know, the 1992 one (or somewhere around that time, old at least )
They're bringing down the prices because they're going out with Beatles Rockband and it's like the price of a ps3 or xbox 360 almost!
Never tried Rockband... Will have to do that one day... Put it on my list of things to try, a list which grows longer each day, LOL.
I enjoy the Call Of Duty games, and they probably are at the top of my list. As it stands right now though, I don't have any favorites. Don't really play too much.
But the game I play the most is The Sims 3 for the PC. I've played all three versions of the game and I love them all, but the newer version always takes the win... Of course.
I also love Guitar Hero, even though I can't get past medium. lol. Plus, it makes me act stupid silly when I get TOO into it. Hehe.
The Wii has some pretty awesome games. I like how it's interactive and everything. I most play Mario Kart on that and I'll "workout" using Wii Fit. But, Wii Fit actually does work surprisingly and it's actually really fun too.
The Sims 3 is highly addictive! I love that game... It's good for my imagination. I can be whoever I want, do anything, etc, etc. Whenever I get overwhelmed with life, I just pour myself into this simulation, LOL.
after playing this sims ...i get so angry cuz i suck at that game ...so i stop playing but then i come back
Unfortunately I have only been able to play the sims 1, as 2 wouldnt work on my computer. But I still play the sims from time to time, its a great game. Its nice to put some time into it so you can have some money and get a bigger house
Yeah it is nice to spend some time to earn money and get a bigger house. I'm trying to do that now because my Sims seem a bit unhappy in there small home with very little things. Lol.
I think Im gonna pick it up again maybe tonight. I believe Ive still got the sims 1 and all its expansions installed.
If anyone wants the cheat for the Sims 2 and 3 to increase your money by a few thousand at a time, send me a PM (don't want to spoil it for everyone, LOL). Even though my "people" have a lot of money, I still make them go to work, there's nothing worse than a lazy Sim. I haven't played in weeks though, I should play a bit today.
my problem with most shooters is that you basically buy them to go online. Ive never been a multiplayer kinda person, so for me those games are not always worht their money. I really liked GoW though (cept for the berserker bits). But something like Halo 3...the game itself is awesome, but it takes you like 10 hours max to beat and then youre supposed to play online. If you dont do that, youve paid €60 for 10 hours...20 if you play through it all again. I guess thats why I like rpg's better, or a combo like mass effect. Theres a whole story to unravel and if you play through it again, the game doesnt have to be the same. Plus theyre usually designed for single player, so thats better
DanteTheLionWarrior wrote: I've never played sims before but i think i am going to try the new one that's coming out soon
really? i never seen any commercial or anyone playing it yet, maybe it didnt get released here yet lol or maybe i just didnt realize it
Yeah it came out in June, I think, I'm not sure. But in November, the first expansion pack comes out and I can't wait for that! lol.
Please note the times listed are to reflect our licensing hours, closing times are subject to change and may be earlier.
Honda announced plans for its participation in motorcycle motorsports world championship racing activities for the 2019 season, at EICMA 2018 in Milan, Italy.
In 2019, Honda will continue to compete in the premier classes of motorcycle road racing, Motocross and Trial world championships and the Dakar Rally 2019, with Honda Racing Corporation (HRC) factory teams*1 aiming to win the titles in each category.
In the FIM*2 Road Racing World Championship Series MotoGP class, five-time champion and 2018 winner Marc Marquez will be joined by Jorge Lorenzo to race for Repsol Honda Team. In the FIM Motocross World Championship Series MXGP class, 2016 champion Tim Gajser and Brian Bogers will continue to represent Team HRC.
In the FIM Trial World Championship Series TrialGP class, twelve-time consecutive winner Toni Bou and Takahisa Fujinami in his 24th year in the championship will once again race for Repsol Honda Team.
In addition to Honda's factory teams, major Honda teams will compete in major world championship in 2019.
In the FIM Superbike World Championship Series, HRC will support the team operated by Althea Racing and Moriwaki Engineering with Leon Camier and Ryuichi Kiyonari as their riders.
In the FIM Endurance World Championship series, 2017-2018 winners F.C.C. TSR Honda France will continue to be represented by Freddy Foray and Josh Hook, with Mike Di Meglio also joining the team. Last season's overall third-place team, Honda Endurance Racing, will continue their quest to win the EWC title.
In the 450SX class of the AMA*3 SuperCross World Championship Series held mainly in North America, American Honda's factory team, Team Honda HRC, will continue with Ken Roczen and Cole Seely.
Racing is Honda's driving force, and through competing in various races, hones its technologies and its people. The racing spirit and technologies gained are part of many Honda products. Honda will continue to realise "The Power of Dreams" with its customers, in its products, services and racing activities.
As a kid, your list of favorite foods is more likely to include peanut butter and pizza rather than prime rib or pate'. Today's cruises are more kid-friendly. Best of all, Mom and Dad can choose to have a quiet dinner together, while the kids dine with others their own age.
Kids have special menus that include their favorite things to eat. On many nights, kids even have pizza parties, ice cream socials and cook-outs. What a great opportunity to meet and make new friends!
Recent coverage of the placement of a 5 year old Christian girl with a muslim foster family that spoke no English has generated much outrage and media attention this week.
On 11 August, the Cafcass policy and communications team emailed us in reply to our comments on their revised framework. We explain what they said below.
Mother jailed for contempt could be named despite her young child being involved in anonymised family court proceedings. Why?
This post examines the rules behind contempt of court hearings and — in so far as it’s possible to do so in the absence of a published judgment — explains what seems to have happened in this case.
On 28th August 2017 The Times published a story about a white Christian child ‘forced’ into a (presumably) brown skinned Muslim family.
An anonymous family court adviser (CAFCASS Officer) wrote an article for the Guardian this week: What I’m really thinking: the family court adviser.
Dramatic statistics have recently made a headline for the Financial Times (£) on 23 August 2017, which claimed “Family disputes over inheritance surge 36% in 2016”.
This post is drawn from remarks of The President that have not been published, but The President has confirmed that he is content for them to be publicly reported.
Many of us in the family justice system have been saying for a long time that there is an urgent need for better dissemination of research about important issues which guide judicial decision making about children and their futures.
An interview with recently-retired senior judge of the Court of Protection, Denzil Lush, on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme has led to a flurry of comment and discussion this week about the advantages and disadvantages of lasting powers of attorney (in particular for property and affairs) as against deputyship appointed by the Court of Protection.
The concept of “no fault divorce” has gained traction in recent years, but the recent case of Owens v Owens and the image it conjures up of a wife trapped in a loveless marriage has concentrated people’s minds on the issue. As the case heads towards a further appeal hearing in the Supreme Court, David Burrows comments on the prospects for reforming a law to meet its legislators’ true intentions nearly half a century ago.
Where a parent doesn’t engage with assessments and doesn’t provide samples for drug testing, what can the Court do about it?
On 15 August the BBC ran a story about powers of attorney arising from comments made by Denzil Lush, who retired from his position as Senior Judge of the Court of Protection last year. This article attempts to clarify and expand on some of the points made and to provide further information about the issues raised.
The answer to the question is yes, in very limited circumstances and where no harm can be shown as likely to the children.
Rebecca Williams, client director at Brown Shipley, says that cash flow modelling can make all the difference during divorce negotiations when securing the right settlement for your client and helping them to plan new financial goals for their future.
This post is an update on the issues considered in the 23 July post about the legal dispute between Great Ormond Street Hospital and the parents of 11 month old Charlie Gard.
David Burrows considers the effect of legal professional privilege in the context of advice given by lawyers to those engaged in family law disputes and the circumstances in which the right to confidentiality of such advice may be lifted.
The case of X (A Child) highlights the lack of clinical, residential and other support services so desperately needed by the increasing numbers of children and young people with mental health problems.
This is a guest post from Dr Sue Whitcombe, a psychologist working with high conflict family breakdown and parental alienation.
Looking at the report in the Guardian that there have been ten cases like Charlie Gard’s heard in English courts this year.
Please note that whilst it is hoped that you find the material linked to here useful, no guarantee is given as to the accuracy of that material.
Copyright © GINNANSHA Co.,LTD. All rights reserved. No reproduction or republication without written permission.
This is a placeholder page for John Bryant, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find John Bryant.
You are visiting the placeholder page for John Bryant. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for John Bryant. We created this page automatically in hopes John Bryant would find it. If you are not John Bryant, but are an alumni of Girard High School Girard, OH, register on this site for free now.
At Sluts Prostitutes, we have the hottest sluts and prostitutes in Jacob that are looking for quick hookups with no commitments, come meet them for Free.
There are many registered profiles from Jacob. Including surrounding areas of Gorham, Rockwood, Grand Tower, Ava, Murphysboro, Oraville, Campbell Hill, Pomona, Vergennes, Willisville, Wolf Lake, Alto Pass, Carbondale, De Soto, Percy, Makanda, Steeleville, Chester, Menard, Cutler, Elkville, Cobden, Dowell, Hurst, Cambria, Carterville, Walsh, Jonesboro, Du Quoin, Royalton, there are many members and growing every day.
I have a text file that has its ‘fields’ demarated with spaces (not tabs, commas, etc.). The Import Wizard offered no assistance but suggested all text for Column 1. Rather than offer nothing, perhaps a last resort might be to separate on spaces. This would also allow for the combination of ‘fields’ when necessary for those fields that are multiple ‘words’.
If you do have a rare situation where you need to use some other separator character, I would recommend writing a short program using the importtext statement, which does allow the delimiter character to be set explicitly.
I fully understand that it uses Tabs if available, then it uses Commas. My point is that presently if it finds neither tabs, nor commas, then it does nothing. My request is rather than it doing nothing (which is unlikely that that would be the choice of a user), that it then lastly default to spaces. Doing nothing is rarely the right choice.
We’ll have to agree to disagree on this. I think that imported data with a single column of data is a much more likely scenario than data that is consistently separated by spaces. In other words, I think that in this case, “doing nothing” is more likely to be the right choice.
In the rare situation where you have a data file that is separated by spaces, you could write a one line program to import the text. Or, you could just import it and use the Split Field tool afterwards.
Robert, is your text data file really separated with single space characters? This would be absolutely non-standard. But as Jim said, you could create your own importtext procedure with a formula looking for space characters as separators.
But I remember — years or decades ago — certain text files where the data were arranged by field length, and if the data length was 10 characters and the field length was 20 characters, then the data in the field was filled up with 10 space characters.
In those “field length separated” text files the only thing that helped parsing the data was knowing the structure (the defined field lengths) and using text funnels.
I strongly endorse Jim’s view. I often have occasion to import a large block of text into Panorama and then process it. Having every word in a separate field would be a disaster.
Doing a File/Open will open your large block of text file without any problem. There is no need to use the Text Import Wizard if you do not want to do any manipulations on your text. Just open the file.
I do enough text import that I do deal with fixed length fields, character delimited fields, etc, but what I was attempting to convey is that a user would only be using the Text Import Wizard if they needed or wanted the Wizard to be doing something for them. If they did not want or need anything done, don’t use the Wizard. If the Wizard has been chosen to do some ‘wizardry’, then perhaps it should do something. I don’t typically go to the wizard when I want nothing done.
What is non standard to one person, is very common to another. Would you consider Apache Server log files to be non-standard? There are quite a few of them out there and the file formats for these files were designed by geeks, not by our grandmothers. Parsing them on spaces would probably be the most efficient way to start. While it may not provide the perfect end result, the initial parsing on spaces could be all that is needed.
https://httpd.apache.org/docs/1.3/logs.html There is no tab, no comma, no fixed length. Just spaces.
Robert, I made a little test database and set up a procedure for parsing the log. The database has a leftmost field “Log” for the import and then some fields according to the Apache documentation. Here is my procedure that distributes the log into the fields:
Unfortunately the spec shared shows that the parameters are all optional and there is no mandated order. Each parameter may or may not appear in a log file and they may appear in any order. This particular spec was offered to show that space delimited files are not ‘absolutely non-standard’. A space delimited wizard would assist users who deal with these kinds of file formats. A simple space delimited import would give me (and many others) enough to accomplish our needs without needing the expertise of being able to write a procedure.
Grain growers across Australia are fortunate to have access to biosecurity advice specifically for their industry from Grains Farm Biosecurity Officers in...
Thirteen new varieties are featured in the newly published ‘2019 Canola Variety Sowing Guide for Western Australia’.
A groundbreaking new Wild Dog Alert system is being developed to help protect livestock by sending real-time messages about wild dog presence...
Australian canola growers have the potential to save money on their seed input costs and extract more value if they plant either...
Dirty boots can pose a very real risk to your property. People can unintentionally carry pest or disease-causing organisms on unwashed footwear,...
With on-farm biosecurity in the spotlight over the past few months, much has been made of what is ‘required’ in order for...
The voluntary Johne’s Beef Assurance Score (J-BAS) has been developed to assist beef cattle producers in identifying the risk of Johne’s disease...
The Ministry for Regional Development is a central government authority of the Czech Republic in the matters of regional and housing policy, spatial planning, building rules, public investment and tou... more
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is a central body of the State Administration of the Czech Republic responsible for formulating foreign policy and the protection of the interests of the Czech ... more
The Ministry of Industry and Trade is the central body of state administration for the economic and commercial policy, the affairs of small and medium-sized enterprises, the energy and raw material po... more
It is a voluntary, non-political and non-governmental organisation that brings together employers and entrepreneurs in the Czech Republic. It is the largest alliance of employers and represents a pred... more
Our mission is to foster international co-operation, partnership, and dialogue between the general public and the professional sphere. We focus on co-creating an attractive image of the Czech Re... more
The Czech Chamber of Commerce is charged by law to pursue and protect the interests of the entrepreneurial public, ensure its needs and support its development. It is formed by a regional network of c... more
Czech Export Bank is a specialised institution providing export-related financial services. The bank gained fifteen years experience in supporting some of the largest export transactions conducted b... more
CzechInvest, the Investment and Business Development Agency, is a contributory organisation of the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Czech Republic. Its aim is to increase competitiveness of the... more
The Czech National Bank (CNB) is the central bank of the Czech Republic and the supervisor of the Czech financial market. It is established under the Constitution of the Czech Republic and carries o... more
Quick scripts is the set of the additional scripts, which simplifies Prism procedures even more, saving your time. Using Quick scripts, you can create a commonly used passes (mask, UV, ambient occlusion, zdeph etc.) in just one click. Scripts like the “Object set by layer”, “Light set by layer”, “Pass by layer” allows you to quickly setup passes. The “Shots from ProSequencer” script helps you create a set of shots, using the data from the popular script ProSequencer.
These scripts allow you to quickly fill the pass, adding object sets and light sets with the already included layers. Or, create a pass by the layer name, with layers already included in a object set.
A recent survey shows that 100% of environmental and geological professionals saved time when using Esdat Environmental Data Software and that having the data organized was seen as a major feature. Over 50% of professionals achieved time savings of at least 40%.
During October ESdat Environmental and Groundwater Data Management Software is to be presented at the RemTech conference 2011 in Banff, Canada as part of our regular rounds to visit existing users and market ESdat in Calgary, Vancouver and Toronto. This is our second year of attendance at this conference, and we look forward to seeing some familiar and new faces.
This is also an opportunity for users to obtain some in-house training for “local” mobilization rates if desired, and for new users to obtain personal demonstrations of the software either at the conference or in-house visits may be arranged.
Current ESdat users who would like to encourage their colleagues in these locations to assess the software are encouraged to contact their colleagues to inform them of this opportunity.
ESdat is an environmental data software application, used internationally, but tailored for local requirements. See an extensive user list here.
Canadian federal and provincial environmental standards are compiled for immediate use in ESdat. This includes the relatively complex BC CSR matrix standards, Albert Teir 2, and Ontario 4697 and 7382 to name a few. A complete list is included at Environmental Standards.
Staff have attended RemTech in Banff for the last two years. Drop by our stall for a quick or in-depth demonstration.
With bi-annual visits to provide no mobilization cost based training, as well as WebEx training, extensive tutorials and help files, and a commitment to provide the latest regulatory standards ready to use in the software, Canadian users can reliably achieve immediate savings in time, improvements in data accuracy, and enhanced data analysis functionality.
A project to build a 100Gbps, 20,000km long submarine cable system connecting Europe to Singapore has been backed by 15 operators from around the world. Infrastructure vendors NEC and Alcatel-Lucent will be supplying the equipment, with NEC deploying the segment spanning Singapore to Sri Lanka, and Alcatel-Lucent deploying the stretch from Sri Lanka to France.
The South East Asia-Middle East-Western Europe 5 (SEA-ME-WE 5) system is planned to reach 17 countries including Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, UAE. Yemen and Saudi Arabia.
“As more data, applications and services move to the cloud, we need a more dynamic and agile way to serve end-users according to low-latency and quality-of-service that cannot be solved by bandwidth alone,” said Linette Lee, chairperson of the SEA-ME-WE 5 Management Committee.
The Broadband Asia conference is taking place on the 29th-30th April 2014 at the Suntec, Singapore. Click here to download a brochure.
“We are confident that Alcatel-Lucent and NEC’s 100G undersea technology will provide us with the flexibility to address the increasing requirements for connectivity, as well as address new growth areas such as cloud computing for remote access.”
The carrier services arm of operator Telecom Italia, TI Sparkle, announced its investment into a submarine cable system. The firm said that it has signed all relevant contracts and is among the initial investors for the project.
Elisabetta Ripa, CEO of TI Sparkle explained that as a relevant share of the firm’s business is generated in the areas connected by the cable system, the firm’s investment in SEA-ME-WE 5 allows it to secure a leadership position in the Asia to Middle East and Europe route.
“Moreover, our participation to SEA-ME-WE 5 will enhance Sparkle’s customer proposition with a diversified and low latency route to and from Asia, thus strengthening further Sparkle’s role as major cable landing hub in Europe and the Mediterranean,” she added.
Intrapreneurs wanted Today many large business houses in the world depend on product innovations, functional innovations, cost innovations, marketing innovation, and supply chain innovations –...
Laurie Zwaan is the office manager. She handles billing, financial issues and assists in the front office. When not working she is taking her kids to soccer and music lessons. She enjoys playing the fiddle.
Holly runs our front office, and is generally your first point of contact. She is a long-time Exeter resident and loves pandas.
Dr. Anthony C. (Ton) Zwaan is a family physician. He provides medical care, and medical advice, preferably by appointment (except for emergencies). For fun he attends planning board meetings. He enjoys food and music and doesn't check his cholesterol yet.
You can also give us a call at (888) 765-8301 and a Leesburg DS3 Internet Service Providers specialist can assist you with your request!
C 444.850 + WB8ZER 131.8 Huntington West Virginia <3 miles 7/27/2003:Repeater & Remote Base is located on Uni... Add
Enter your email below to be the first to hear about new releases, upcoming events, and more from Rhino.
You can also follow the Album of the Day - a classic album presented in its entirety. Always great listening!
By submitting your email address you acknowledge and agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and are okay with receiving news, updates, special offers and occasional marketing messages from us and our affiliates.
Following the ways of the 'Great Spirit', Armin van Buuren, Vini Vici and featuring artist Hilight Tribe entrance their followers with a freshly conjured hymn. By calling upon the tempestuous bassline, thrilling melody and tribal chants to do maximum damage, they conjured a piece of marvel that's sure to fuel the sonic fire. Judging by the global reception, the 'Great Spirit' is not the only entity that approves of this offering.
The Kim Real Estate market currently has 0 homes for sale, with the majority of these homes priced between .
© 2018 Coldwell Banker Distinctive Properties. Equal housing opportunity. An equal opportunity company.
© 2018 Coldwell Banker Distinctive Properties. All Rights Reserved. Coldwell Banker® and the Coldwell Banker Logo are registered service marks owned by Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC. Coldwell Banker Distinctive Properties fuly supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and Equal Opportunity Act. Each franchise is independently owned and operated. Any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchises are not provided by, affiliated with or related to Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC nor any of its affiliated companies.
MLS Internet Data Exchange (IDX) information is provided exclusively for consumers’ personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing, and that the data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by the Sun Valley Board of REALTORS MLS.
All information is deemed reliable; however, it is not guaranteed and should be independently verified. Real Estate offerings are subject to error, omissions, prior sale, change, withdrawal without notice and approval of seller. Properties are provided courtesy of Big Sky Country MLS.
MLS Internet Data Exchange (IDX) information is provided exclusively for consumers’ personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing, and that the data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by the Grand Junction Area REALTOR Association MLS.
The data relating to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from the Resort Data Exchange program of the Vail Multi List Service Inc. and Mountain Region Multi List Service. Real estate listings belonging to brokerage firms other than Coldwell Banker Distinctive are marked with the RDX logo or icon. The detailed information about them includes the listing brokers name.
The content relating to real estate for sale in this Web site comes in part from the Internet Data eXchange (IDX) program of METROLIST, INC., DBA RECOLORADO©. Real estate listings held by brokers other than Coldwell Banker Distinctive Properties - The Steamboat Luxury Teamname are marked with the IDX Logo. This information is being provided for the consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any other purpose. All information subject to change and should be independently
MLS Internet Data Exchange (IDX) information is provided exclusively for consumers’ personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing, and that the data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by the Aspen Board of Realtors MLS.
The data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the Internet Data Exchange (IDX) program of Colorado Real Estate Network, Inc. (CREN), © Copyright 2017. All rights reserved. All data deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. This database record is provided subject to "limited license" rights. Duplication or reproduction is prohibited.
The content relating to real estate for sale in this Web site comes in part from the Internet Data eXchange (“IDX”) program of METROLIST, INC., DBA RECOLORADO® Real estate listings held by brokers other than [insert IDX Subscriber’s firm name here] are marked with the IDX Logo. This information is being provided for the consumers’ personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any other purpose. All information subject to change and should be independently verified.
The love of this plant is inherited, so only 50 to 70 percent of cats respond to catnip. Kittens typically ignore it until they are three to six months old.
Catnip is non-toxic but cat owners should use caution in giving it out too often. Some cats exhibit aggressive behavior when exposed to catnip and should not have it under any circumstances.
Few things stimulate a cat's pleasure faster than catnip. Exposure to this simple herb can reveal a new side to their feline personality. Many cats will go crazy at the smell of this plant.
Catnip has a reputation of being a feline drug and many cat owners wonder if it is safe to give it to their pet. Giving catnip in small doses does no harm. Using it as a treat can be quite good for your cat's emotional health. It relieves stress and can help them get rid of nervous energy.
Catnip is a type of mint plant found in many countries throughout the world. It can grow up to three feet high and has many branches filled with purple flowers and heart shaped leaves.
The catnip plant has an aromatic oil called nepetalactone. When cats smell this compound, it triggers the part of the feline brain that responds to happy pheromones. This is why cats react the way they do.
Many cats seem to go crazy when they smell catnip by rolling, rubbing and running around. Eating catnip seems to produce the opposite effect. Cats often become mellow when they ingest the plant. This response to catnip usually lasts up to 10 minutes before the cat loses interest.
Creative cat owners can use catnip as a reward or incentive to promote good behavior in their felines. Rubbing dried catnip on a scratching post or cat tree can entice your cat to go there when they need to sharpen their claws instead of tearing your couch to shreds.
Lacing a cat toy with some catnip can be beneficial for inducing an indoor cat to exercise. It will encourage them to be more active and play and prevent obesity. These cat toys should be stored in an airtight container when not in use, so the catnip stays fresh longer.
You can grow your own catnip plants in a home garden. You can buy more mature plants from a nursery or plant the seeds after the last major frost of the season. It is important to put the plant in an area where it has plenty of room to grow. Take steps to protect the growing plant from your cat so they don't tear it out of the soil before it is fully mature.
Our team is a group of dedicated individuals who have made it their mission to help pets live long, healthy lives. From check in until check out, our team works cohesively to create a warm and welcoming experience for both you and your pet.Read More
Hello and welcome to the July Release for CAS-ual Fridays! Hold on to your seats folks, because this is going to be one fantastic ride filled with beautiful holiday stamps and dies that I know you're going to love as much as I do! Today we're featuring 2 new stamp sets and 1 new die set, Bring on the Snowflakes, Snowy Sayings, and Funky Flakes Fri-Dies.
I have 3 cards to share with you today! My first card uses Bring on the Snowflakes and Snowy Sayings.
To make this card I stamped the various snowflakes using Shaded Lilac, Cracked Pistachio, and Tattered Rose distress inks. I used the technique where you ink up your stamp and then spray lightly with water and then stamp. I added some PTI Smokey Shadow ink splatters to the card, and stamped the sentiment from Snowy Sayings on Smokey Shadow card stock and embossed with white embossing powder. I added some clear sequins to the card to finish it. I love these non-traditional holiday colors, don't you?
To make this card I started with a piece of 4 1/4 X 5 1/2" white card stock. I removed the Funky Flakes Fri-Dies from their package but didn't cut them apart. I placed the dies on the white card stock and cut, then moved them to another position and cut again. I did this until I had cut snowflakes from the entire sheet. Next I used the snowflake cut piece as a stencil. I placed it on another piece of 4 1/4 X 5 1/2 white card stock and started coloring in the snowflakes with various distress inks and my ink blending tool. The colors I used are Scattered Straw, Shaded Lilac, Cracked Pistachio, and Tattered Rose. I used some post-it masking tape as I was ink blending, being careful to keep the colors separate. For the next step I cut some more white snow flakes and placed them over the stenciled snowflakes, but askew so as not to cover up all that wonderful color. At this point I decided to add some Kuretake Gansai Tambi watercolor over top of everything. I used #95, silver, although to me it looks more like a sparkly white, or pearlescent color. After that was completely dry I added some white snowflakes over some of the pearlescent snowflakes, but not all of them as you can see. I finished the card with a sentiment from Snowy Sayings, stamped with VersaMark ink and embossed with liquid platinum embossing powder.
I hope those instructions are clear, and if not the next card might help you visualize things a bit better. I really loved the way the stencil that I used for the above card looked with all of the pretty colors on it, so I decided I need to make a card with it! It's bright and funky, but I really love it!
Yep, that is what the snowflake stencil looked like after I was done applying color to my second card. The straight lines throughout are a result of the post-it tape that I used to protect the snowflakes as I was coloring. To make this card I simply trimmed the "stencil" and placed it on a white card base. I added some gold sequin trim, and stamped the sentiment from Snowy Sayings on some striped vellum and embossed in gold. Funny how this was just a leftover scrap but it's my favorite card from today!
Love these. I, too, love non-traditional colours for my Christmas cards (as you can see in my last post on my blog). I was especially intrigued by your last card. Really love the look of that one.
Fantastic cards Diane. I love the soft color choices you made. I think my favorite is the card you made from the dies before you cut them apart. Great idea :)
You've used these new products perfectly on all these card. Each one is a work of art...and clever you, using both the positive and negative of those dies. You're an amazing talent.
What amazing cards!! I LOVE the colors you used for each. That stencil card at the bottom is so cool!! I need to try this!
Wow, fabulous snowflake designs! They all are so gorgeous and the colored stencil makes such a fun card. My favorite is the second one though. Love the soft colors, white snowflakes and that awesome sentiment!
Your various techniques result in a set of cards that are absolutely magical and gorgeous! Love your colour combinations...
My name is Diane and I love many forms of art. I created this blog to share some of my favorite projects with you :)
bunk bed with stairs and desk plans deck landing ideas calculator uk chic office home contemporary under built in,under stairs desk ikea deck landing calculator bookshelf bed with it loft design ideas,awesome desk under stairs design ideas the kitchen features a built loft bed with and storage bunk plans,under stairs office desk deck landing pad storage ideas for small spaces making your house bunk bed,loft bed with storage stairs and desk plans diy under magnificent design ideas the full size,built in desk ideas kitchen under stairs office loft bed with storage and plans bunk drawers,under stairs desk workspace the by more bed deck landing size space,deck stairs landing calculator home office storage ideas for a man cave under desk space,deck stairs landing ideas stair shelves storage cupboard under small desk size,bed stairs desk deck calculator winsome the office super furniture decoration fresh on shelves small under.
Mid-August often feels like summer doldrums. Yet, there has been so much recent information of interest in the world of legal ethics that it is hard to keep up. Thus, one can manage to feel simultaneously adrift and overloaded.
In that spirit (and because I am that “one”), here are a handful (plus 2) of laconic (if not insightful) entries about important things that have happened of late but that between the constant push/pull of overload and doldrums will not be written about here separately at any great length:
The competitive space in the legal industry impacted by developments in artificial intelligence and the continued push of providers of legal services other than law firms had a “you got your chocolate in my peanut butter” moment recently with the announcement that one of the Big 4 accounting firms – E&Y – was purchasing Riverview Law, which among other things is responsible for the AI product KIM. You can read a pretty good summary of what this might mean in the short (and long) term at the first link above and here.
A California Bar task force is undertaking exploration of whether to change rules to permit people other than lawyers to own legal services firms. This move was prompted by a report the California Bar commissioned from a leading guru, Bill Henderson who you can keep up with here. Though action from this report could be seismic for the legal profession the task force isn’t scheduled to provide any such report until the end of 2019 by which time, California might not actually be able at the rate things are going to “go first.”
Utah is about to be able to be added to the list of U.S. jurisdictions that allow limited licensing of paralegals so that they can practice certain types of law similar to Washington’s set up for Limited License Legal Technicians (LLLTs).
LegalZoom put out a press release about having received a secondary investment of half a billion dollars in a deal that values it at $2 billion dollars total. (As the old joke goes, that is a tough amount of money to envision, so try thinking of a billion dollars as being represented by a one-hundred dollar bill and now imagine you had 2 of those!)
A coalition of law firms (including law firm biggie Baker Hostetler – which you might recall as being the first major law firm to sign up with ROSS) and startups in the blockchain space have made a big announcement about an endeavor they intend to launch in October, as Forbes reports, to: “develop a new legal services platform called the Agreements Network. Originally revealed in April, the network is being designed to allow lawyers to perform tasks like managing contracts, leases, and governance documents via smart contracts that are compatible with the public ethereum blockchain.”
The enacted-but-never-implemented “Persuader Rule” that I wrote some about many, many moons ago was rescinded by the Department of Labor, in part, having heard the concerns that were expressed by many over the harm it would inflict on attorney-client privilege and client confidentiality.
And speaking of the intersection of government and legal ethics, the current occupant of The White House speaks of John Dean as if he were a villain in the story of Watergate. For those of us who focus on legal ethics, and are familiar with the role that the events of Watergate played in the evolution of modern legal ethics, that is a pretty chilling piece of information.
wrought iron fence painting cost wrought iron fence painting cost wrought iron fence types of iron fence designs porch and garden wrought iron fence painting cost decorating tips and tricks podcast.
decorating tips for cupcakes used wrought iron fence gate latch ideas small bathrooms,decorating living room with plants metal fence paint image titled a wrought iron step 1 fireplace tips for small,decorating games on steam black iron fence metal panels fresh best steel a budget pinterest uk,metal fence cost marvelous design corrugated decorating on a budget pinterest games small bedroom with two beds,decorating a small bedroom to look bigger den near me exterior wrought iron fencing commercial painting,decorating games pc ideas for living room wrought iron fences and porches refinishing painters fall in july,metal fences and gates rust damage paint repair or replace decorating tips for hanging pictures 2018 styles list,decorating living room built in shelves with fireplace games apps painting wrought iron fence painter how much to charge paint,decorating tips wrought iron fence painting cost chain link a small bedroom with queen bed styles defined,decorating tips for bathroom den cost 2018 commercial grade wrought iron fence.
Men’s formal shoes have been around for over 100 years; there’s no doubt that, even to this day, a pair of oxfords or the likes are a staple piece in every man’s wardrobe – or at least they should be.
In history, formal shoes were commonly worn among the upper class men as a sign of status and wealth. Later on, the formal shoe became every man’s go-to shoe for most office and work related occasions. A formal shoe is seen as the classic piece that ties the whole outfit together.
Before we get into the thick of things, take a look at this handy video that shows you which pairs of shoes every man should have in his wardrobe.
The brogue style is the most flexible design because it is made from multiple pieces of leather. This allows different leather and fabric combinations, known as the two-tone shoes to be created. One of the most famous wearer of the brogue was Edward the Prince of Wales in the 1930’s. However, more recently there have been some famous brogue wearers such as Jack Nicholson, Robbie Williams and Jude Law rocking the classically cool shoes.
These shoes are often seen worn with a suit, to achieve a polished, smart look. Brogues are now seen as an acceptable business shoe in black, a smart, yet relaxed option in brown or an edgy alternative with two tone coloured leathers. You can get brogues in a hobnail boot design, with the extra grip providing a perfect base if you’re trekking through cobbles or uneven ground. The best brogues are the ones that can be mixed with smart and casual outfits to create a clean, sophisticated finish.
With all that is going in Washington these days some things don’t make the news the way they should. Fourteen days ago President Obama issued an Executive Order that you should know about.
This order gives an unprecedented level of authority to the President and the federal government to take over all the fundamental parts of our economy - in the name of national security - in times of national emergency.
This means all of our water resources, construction services and materials (steel, concrete, etc.), our civil transportation system, food and health resources, our energy supplies including oil and natural gas – even farm equipment – can be taken over by the President and his cabinet secretaries. The Government can also draft U.S. citizens into the military and force U.S. citizens to fulfill "labor requirements" for the purposes of "national defense." There is not even any Congressional oversight, only briefings are required.
By issuing this as an Executive Order the President puts the federal government above the law, which, in a democracy, is never supposed to happen.
As President and Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces, he has the Constitutional authority to issue executive orders. And while similar orders have been made before by presidents from Eisenhower and Reagan to Clinton and George Bush – it has never been done to this extent.
It is still unclear why this order was signed now, and what the consequences are for our nation – especially during times of peace. This type of Martial Law imposes a government takeover on U.S. citizens that is typically reserved for national emergencies, not in a time of relative peace.
I want you to know I am following this very closely. If you would like to read the order for yourself please click here.
As people who believe in the principles and philosophies of the United States Constitution, we number in the majority. As folks that dare to consider standing against the tyranny being perpetrated by the Obama administration, we are in the majority across this great country. But the clock is ticking. Will we continue to entertain the idea that sitting on the couch complaining as we watch the news on television is an effective strategy, or are we ready to take action, and do more than rally at Tea Party events, or occasionally write an email to our representatives? Are we ready to do more than complain? Are we willing to, as the signers of the Declaration of Independence stated in the last sentence of the document, put on the line our “Lives, Fortunes, and sacred Honor?”
The citizens are the members of the civil society; bound to this society by certain duties, and subject to its authority, they equally participate in its advantages. The natives, or natural-born citizens, are those born in the country, of parents who are citizens. As the society cannot exist and perpetuate itself otherwise than by the children of the citizens, those children naturally follow the condition of their fathers, and succeed to all their rights. The society is supposed to desire this, in consequence of what it owes to its own preservation; and it is presumed, as matter of course, that each citizen, on entering into society, reserves to his children the right of becoming members of it. The country of the fathers is therefore that of the children; and these become true citizens merely by their tacit consent. We shall soon see whether, on their coming to the years of discretion, they may renounce their right, and what they owe to the society in which they were born. I say, that, in order to be of the country, it is necessary that a person be born of a father who is a citizen; for, if he is born there of a foreigner, it will be only the place of his birth, and not his country. - E. Vattel
“President Obama is himself a broken promise. The love affair Americans had with the idea of the beautiful racial harmony we would get if we elected a half-black man to the White House has been ruined by the reality that President Obama means nothing that he says and intends to keep none of his promises.”
The list below contains all of the Obama Administration mistakes, blunders, broken promises, flip flops, gaffes, lies, etc. That’s too long of a name, so we called it “the Official Obama Administration Scandals List.” This list covers Barack Obama and his pals from day one through September 4th, 2011. At that point, the list was discontinued. However, you can see information on more recent scandals on our NEW Obama Scandals List by clicking here! We present this list to you as an accurate and complete historic detail of the Legacy of Lies President Obama leaves behind for the time period starting with his youth and going until September 4th, 2011. Not responsible for any broken or out-of-date links. They worked when we posted them. Some may redirect you to the wayback machine.
Pending an acceptable outcome of the vitally-important 2014 election—which affords the opportunity to elect a Congress that is willing to initiate impeachment proceedings against Barack Hussein Obama, and thereby stop, or even remove from office, this fraudulent usurper and his inner circle of collaborators—We the People of the United States of America affirm our allegiance to the timeless principles upon which our nation was founded, as set forth in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States, and upon the foundation of those principles, declare the causes which impel us to seek this despotic president's impeachment and removal.
We hereby allege that the history of the current President of the United States, Barack Hussein Obama, is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute tyranny over the American people. To prove this, let facts be submitted to a candid world—
Mr. Obama has engaged, throughout his despotic tenure as president, in rule by edict and executive decree, bypassing Congress, and thus the will of the people, to enforce policies entirely of his own creation. Ignoring the federal government's foundation of a separation of powers, he has routinely violated duly enacted statutes of the Legislature, as well as defied the Courts, in pursuit of ultimate supremacy over the United States of America. In so doing, he has exhibited an unmistakable pattern of contempt for the U.S. Constitution, which prior to his ruinous tenure had served two centuries as the Law of the Land.
We therefore demand that this criminal, treasonous individual be removed from office without delay and held accountable for his destructive behavior, and that all his unlawful acts as president be considered of no effect or validity. We believe that the only effective way to achieve this urgent goal is to initiate impeachment.
Mr. Obama has attained the office of president in a verifiably fraudulent and criminal manner, and upon a false identity and false pretenses.
We therefore demand immediate release of all currently sealed documentation of who he is; what his true history entails; what his earlier school, travel, and other records reveal about him; what his original (not photocopied) birth certificate makes clear; and all other relevant information in the public record now suppressed or intentionally falsified regarding him. We the People of the United States have a right to know such things about a man who currently serves as Commander-in-Chief of our nation's armed forces and oversees the entire Executive Branch of the U.S. government. We believe that the only effective way to force release of these records is impeachment.
Upon taking office, Mr. Obama criminally defrauded Congress and the American people with false promises, uttered repeatedly in the public record about the nature, scope, and effect of his signature legislative achievement, "Obamacare," in a deceptive effort to gain passage of this catastrophic measure, which authorizes a sweeping federal takeover of America's healthcare industry.
We therefore demand that this healthcare travesty be immediately revoked, defunded, and declared null and void, and that this president be held accountable for intentionally misleading and defrauding the citizenry by means of this insidious scheme—a scheme that has already diminished the rightful choice of most Americans regarding their healthcare, has caused millions to lose their jobs due to its workplace requirements, and will cost our nation its material viability and vitality if allowed to go forward. We believe that the only effective way to ensure the dismantling of Obamacare is impeachment.
In a deliberate scheme to force the financial collapse of the United States, Mr. Obama and his collaborators have pushed the nation's "public debt"—that is, the difference between public spending and public receipts—to an unsustainable 17 TRILLION dollars, an amount exceeding our nation's Gross Domestic Product (or total value of goods and services) and more than doubling the debt's previous rate of growth. The effect is to impose an indebtedness of over $50,000 upon every man, woman, and child in the U.S., and more than $150,000 per taxpayer, numbers that indicate the U.S. is headed toward insolvency and our posterity will be forced to bear the dire consequences. The effect is even more dire when "unfunded liabilities" are factored in.
We therefore demand that the individual behind this destructive scheme assume all liability, upon his own person, for the amount the national debt has increased during his tenure, in company with all others who have collaborated with him in the Executive and Legislative Branches of the federal government in enacting this policy, listing them by name, and that the American people at large be absolved—by binding decree—of any and all liability for such wanton abuse of the public purse. We believe that the only effective way to attain such simple, reasonable justice is impeachment.
By insidious design and outright treachery, Mr. Obama has dangerously weakened America's national security—through his emasculation of our military; his unilateral reduction of our missile defense system, thereby weakening American military superiority and inviting nuclear conflagration at home and abroad; his deceitful promotion and arming of radical Islamic interests in Egypt, Libya, Syria, and elsewhere; his catering, in domestic and foreign policy, to the Muslim Brotherhood, which is on record seeking the destruction of the United States; his fraudulent relations with Iran that will likely ensure this radically hostile nation succeeds in developing nuclear weapons; his continuing disregard for the vital interests of longtime American ally Israel; his unreasonable handicapping of our military's rules of engagement, dangerously favoring America's enemies; his alarming pattern of dismissing high-ranking military officers for groundless or superficial reasons; and similar anti-American policies and actions too numerous to mention.
We therefore demand that the Obama administration be forced immediately to cease and desist from its treasonous, unconstitutional, conspiratorial plot to take down America, and our allies with it, and that a sane, pro-American policy be adopted in its place for the purpose of protecting our nation from all threats to its continuance. We believe that the only effective way to enforce this urgent demand is impeachment.
Mr. Obama has deceitfully sought to cover up his administration's involvement in a covert operation in Benghazi, Libya, that ran afoul September 11, 2012. The president's fabricated narrative of the causes and nature of the episode, which resulted in the deaths of Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans, has been shown to be a cynical attempt to divert attention from what actually happened, including reports of treasonable administration dealings with terrorist insurgents in Syria. The administration's interference with investigations by Congress into the matter, and its the muzzling of witnesses and participants, hints that only the tip of the iceberg has yet been revealed regarding Mr. Obama's contemptuous behavior and dereliction of duty in this bloodstained scandal.
We therefore demand that all witnesses who have firsthand knowledge of the truth regarding the Benghazi fiasco be permitted to come forth without threat of retaliation and give their account of any and all relevant facts—including mounting evidence of Obama administration sympathy for Islamic terrorist organizations. We believe that the only effective way to ensure such unsuppressed testimony is impeachment.
Mr. Obama has repeatedly attempted to take advantage of isolated acts of violence in our nation involving firearms in the hands of deranged individuals to deprive law-abiding Americans of their constitutionally-guaranteed right to keep and bear arms, in a direct assault on the Second Amendment by someone who himself poses a growing threat to the security and well-being of our nation; and he has repeatedly made known his intention to succeed with his unconstitutional goal of disarming the people despite any setbacks he may encounter in Congress. So intent is he on imposing gun control that he even engaged in a deadly gunrunning hoax known as "Fast and Furious" to incite sympathy for tightening U.S. gun laws, then invoked executive privilege to cover up his administration's criminal involvement. He and his administration have also withheld or destroyed vital physical evidence that would corroborate events at Newtown, CT, in which 20 schoolchildren and six adults were reportedly killed by a disturbed gunman with an assault rifle—an incident the president has shamelessly exploited in his push for oppressive new gun legislation.
We therefore demand that the president immediately abandon such pursuit of tyranny and seek refuge in a nation more to his liking, one that already bans, or severely restricts, gun ownership by law-abiding citizens in consequence of despotic notions of governance. We believe that the only way to hasten this outcome is impeachment.
Similarly, Mr. Obama has repeatedly sought to undermine U.S. border security, and by extension America's very independence, by pushing misnamed "immigration reform" that would in reality open wide our borders, overburden the public coffers, and grant amnesty to the many millions of unlawful occupiers who have entered the country by stealth. Unable to achieve this agenda lawfully, through Congress, he has undertaken to achieve it dictatorially, in open violation of the Constitution and statutory immigration law. Ostensibly, the president intends, by his abandonment of longstanding U.S. immigration policy, to create a permanent under-culture of dependent immigrants who have little allegiance to America's founding ideals, upon whom to stand to remain in power indefinitely—either by himself, or in the person of likeminded schemers within his party.
We therefore demand that our nation's borders be made effectively secure, that existing immigration laws be reasonably and fairly enforced, that all persons seeking citizenship play fundamentally by the same rules, no matter the petitioners' origins, and that Mr. Obama's immigration policy and initiatives be rejected by Congress as the threat they are to our nation's security and strength, with his deceptive drive for "immigration reform" relegated permanently to the backwaters of history. We believe that the only way to ensure this outcome is impeachment.
Mr. Obama has engaged in notorious overreach regarding domestic surveillance. A certain degree of targeted domestic surveillance may be considered justified, even essential, to protect American citizens from harm if conducted with appropriate oversight and in harmony with reasonable law—but indiscriminate spying on all citizens is indefensible and constitutes the very essence of a police state.
We therefore demand that the routine eavesdropping now being conducted by the National Security Agency (NSA) be curtailed to conform with appropriate safeguards, to permit only those functions that can be constitutionally defended. We believe that the only way to leverage this outcome is impeachment.
Likewise, Mr. Obama and his IRS subordinates have notoriously abused the public trust by singling out, and arbitrarily penalizing, patriotic organizations awaiting approval of tax-exempt status so they might fundraise legally. By delaying approvals and sharing confidential information with potential adversaries, for purely political reasons, the Obama administration has violated federal statutes, and unlawfully handicapped these groups in their efforts to counter Mr. Obama's tyranny.
We therefore demand substantial monetary damages for these aggrieved organizations, and expedited approval of all "Tea Party," "conservative," and "libertarian" groups in the future. More to the point, because of its unavoidably political nature, we seek abolition of the IRS itself, and its replacement by a reasonable consumption or flat tax. We believe that the only way to bring about such an outcome is impeachment.
Most far-reaching and adverse of all his insidious deeds, in the acknowledged biblical perspective of our Creator, is that Mr. Obama has undertaken to subvert America's moral strength and means of perpetuation by promoting measures that weaken the natural, God-ordained family, and escalate the unthinkable aborting of America's posterity. As part of this corrupt effort, he has sanctioned the unconstitutional silencing of conscientious citizens and clergy who oppose homosexuality and its growing inclusion in lawful marriage; and he has approved stipulations in his healthcare plan that would force Americans opposed to abortion, or to anything related involving abortifacients or contraceptives, to directly fund such morally-offensive practices. These immoral, destructive policies—integral to the president's sweeping plan to transform America—militate not only against the Constitution, but the foundations of Judeo-Christianity upon which America is historically premised, to which the president appears to have an aversion.
We therefore demand that biblical morality be once again allowed the place of respect it has long enjoyed at the center of our nation's culture—on its own merits, without federal interference of any kind that would violate the First Amendment. We also call for immediately ending the moral and material travesty known as "Obamacare," including any requirement that American citizens or businesses personally underwrite abortion. We believe that the best way to ensure this fortuitous outcome, and reverse these federally-enforced intrusions, is the president's impeachment.
In every stage of these and other oppressions that could be cited, we have petitioned for redress in the most humble terms—but our repeated petitions have been answered only by repeated injury and blatant lies. A fraudulent usurper whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a tyrant is unfit to be the ruler of a free people, much less their president.
We the People, therefore, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do solemnly publish and declare, that because Barack Hussein Obama has verifiably corrupted, compromised, and endangered the essential institutions of the American Republic, as well as threatened the nation's very survival, we hereby appeal to the next Congress of the United States—which will convene in January 2015—to begin impeachment proceedings against Mr. Obama, and his fellow lawbreakers and facilitators within the Executive Branch, for the purpose of removing them from office with all diligence.
For the support of this action, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine providence, We the People mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor, to save our beloved nation and preserve the rights and freedoms bequeathed us by God and protected by our revered Constitution.
These are just a few of the problems with this document. There are many other problems with this document that you can read at various web sites such as:
News Conference of Sheriff Joe Arpaio's "Cold Case Posse" revealing that the birth certificate is fake
The MCSO Cold Case Posse (CCP) is a registered 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. We are awarded no tax dollars and have no paid staff. We are supported by membership dues as well as donations from corporations and individuals in the county we serve.
If you would like to make a contribution to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office Cold Case Posse, please click on the "Donate" button directly below. Your donation is greatly appreciated. Remember, in most cases, your donation to CCP is deductible. Please consult with your tax professional regarding any tax related questions.
By clicking on the below "DONATE" Link, you will be leaving the MCSO Cold Case Posse website. Within a few seconds, your browser will be redirected to a secured Paypal site at which point you can safely and securely make your donation.
Barack Obama is NOT a “natural born Citizen of the United States” and is thus constitutionally ineligible to be the President and Commander in Chief of our military. Obama was born to a FOREIGN NATIONAL FATHER who was NEVER a U.S. Citizen nor was Obama’s father even an immigrant to the USA or even a permanent resident in the USA. For no other U.S. President in the history of the nation since the founding generation (who were exempt from the natural born Citizen clause in the U.S. Constitution via a grandfather clause in Article II Section 1) was that the case, i.e., having a foreign national father who was never a U.S. Citizen or even an immigrant to this country. Obama being seated as the putative president is an outrageous violation of Article II Section 1 of the U.S. Constitution, the presidential eligibility clause. Obama was not born with sole allegiance to the USA. Sole allegiance and unity of Citizenship at birth was the goal and purpose for putting the natural born Citizen clause into Article II Section 1 of the Constitution as to who could serve as president once the founding generation has passed away. Obama (II) was born a British Subject via his foreign national father Obama (Sr.) who was a British Subject. Obama is not a “natural born Citizen of the United States” to constitutional standards since he was born with dual allegiance and citizenship. The founders and framers did not want anyone with foreign allegiance to ever get command of our military, i.e., be the president. Obama is constitutionally not eligible to be president and commander in chief of our military.
Adjectives mean something. A “Citizen at Birth” is not logically identically equal to a “natural born Citizen at Birth”. Barack Obama may be a ‘Citizen of the United States’ but he is not a ‘natural born Citizen of the United States’ and does not meet the constitutional standards as to who can be the President and Commander in Chief of our military: http://puzo1.blogspot.com/2010/03/obama-maybe-citizen-of-united-states.html
The natural born Citizen clause in our Constitution is a national security clause inserted into our Constitution by John Jay and George Washington. Read why the natural born Citizen clause is still important and worth protecting.
See evidence Obama is using a SSN 042-68-4425 not legally issued to him: http://www.scribd.com/collections/3260742
The Obama constitutional eligibility issue is not a fringe issue! South Carolina Poll Results – A poll done by Public Policy Polling (PPP) shows that almost 2/3 of GOP voters want Obama’s constitutional eligibility and true legal identity investigated. This is not a fringe issue: http://www.wnd.com/index.php?fa=PAGE.printable&pageId=340805
CONSTITUTIONAL SCHOLAR DR. HERB TITUS (Not Mark Levin) DESCRIBES "NATURAL BORN CITIZEN" December 12, 2011 (TPATH) The honorable John Jay, the first leader of the United States Supreme Court, initiated the insertion of "Natural Born Citizen" into the Constitution for the purpose of setting a higher standard for the office of the President. All of the verbal gymnastics being put forth by the left, as to the meaning of the term, will eventually be proven to be just what it is. Unlawful defense of an individual and political party at the expense and detriment of this country. When you watch this video you will begin to wonder how this country continues to allow such simple and precise language to be twisted, manipulated and convoluted. WATCH THE VIDEO PART ONE WATCH THE VIDEO PART TWO
On MARCH 23, 1775, Patrick Henry spoke to the Second Virginia Convention, which was meeting in Richmond's St. John's Church due to British hostilities:
We have done everything that could be done to avert the storm which is now coming on. We have petitioned; we have remonstrated...We have prostrated ourselves before the throne...
"There is a just God who presides over the destines of nations...who will raise up friends to fight our battle for us.
Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God!
Miki Booth’s book, Memoirs of a Community Organizer in Hawaii, will be released in late November, 2011. The book chronicles events and experiences over a lifetime culminating in the biggest adventure of all for the writer—an “Adventure in American Politics.” When Miki found others that shared her
Obama Sr a Kenyan was never a US Citizen. He could not pass on US Natural Born Citizenship status to Barack Obama Jr. No matter what is on Obama's birth certificate, no matter where he was born, he can NOT satisfy Article II Section 1 Clause 5 of the Constitution..... No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the office of the President, neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States.
Greetings, Article II Super PAC's Multimedia team, Vattelevision, is on the ground in Phoenix. We are live streaming tomorrow's...
Where are Obama’s daughters’ baby pics and birth records? ORIGINALLY Posted on November 29, 2013 by Dr. Eowyn | 159 Comments ...
Obama’s minions aim to humble Trump’s presidency On the landing page of the Washington Post this morning: “You obviously love great...
"Our safety, our liberty, depends upon preserving the Constitution of the United States as our fathers made it inviolate. The people of the United States are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts - not to overthrow the Constitution, but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution."
"Government is instituted for the common good; for the protection, safety, prosperity, and happiness of the people; and not for profit, honor, or private interest of any one man, family, or class of men; therefore, the people alone have an incontestable, unalienable, and indefeasible right to institute government; and to reform, alter, or totally change the same, when their protection, safety, prosperity, and happiness require it."
The issue today is the same as it has been throughout all history, whether man shall be allowed to govern himself or be ruled by a small elite."
"If you love wealth greater than liberty, the tranquility of servitude greater than the animating contest for freedom, go home from us in peace. We seek not your counsel, nor your arms. Crouch down and lick the hand that feeds you; and may posterity forget that you were our countrymen."
An election for President and Commander in Chief of the Military must strive to be above reproach. Our public institutions must give the public confidence that a presidential candidate has complied with the election process that is prescribed by our Constitution and laws. It is only after a presidential candidate satisfies the rules of such a process that he/she can expect members of the public, regardless of their party affiliations, to give him/her the respect that the Office of President so much deserves.
All those who have been following the Obama eligibility issue well know that Article II, Section 1, clause 5 provides that “No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President. . .” At this blog, I have already explained the importance of the “natural born Citizen” clause. See my essay entitled, Why the “Natural Born Citizen” Clause of Our Constitution Is Important and Worth Preserving, located at http://puzo1.blogspot.com/2009/08/why-natural-born-citizen-clause-is.html. In order for Obama to prove that he is an Article II “natural born Citizen,” he must conclusively demonstrate that he was born in the United States to a United States citizen mother and father. For legal support for this definition of what an Article II “natural born Citizen” is, see, among others, my articles at this blog entitled, The Natural Born Citizen Clause of Our U.S. Constitution Requires that Both of the Child’s Parents Be U.S. Citizens At the Time of Birth, located at
and ‘The Law of Nations or Principles of Natural Law’ as U.S. Federal Common Law Not English Common Law Define What an Article II Natural Born Citizen Is, located at http://puzo1.blogspot.com/2009/08/law-of-nations-and-not-english-common.html.
At present, there is much controversy regarding where Obama was born. We have seen much contradictory information regarding this issue. Obama maintains he was born in Hawaii at Kapi’olani Medical Center and as his best evidence he has posted on the internet a computer-imaged Certification of Live Birth (COLB, which is a summary of his alleged long-from hospital-generated birth certificate) to prove that fact. According to the laws of Hawaii, this summary document, which does not contain information as to which hospital he was born in or what doctor delivered him, is only prima facie evidence of a birth in Hawaii. On the other hand, there exists evidence that Obama was born in Kenya. For a presentation of this evidence, see my essay on this blog entitled,
Obama Has Not Met His Burden Of Proving He Was Born In Hawaii, located at http://puzo1.blogspot.com/2008/12/obama-has-not-met-his-burden-of-proving.html. Additionally, just over the last few days, we have seen surface on the internet old newspaper articles that were written in African newspapers in 2004 stating that Obama was born in Kenya. http://thepostnemail.wordpress.com/2009/10/16/video-documents-discovery-of-ap-story-declaring-obama-kenyan-born/; http://thepostnemail.wordpress.com/2009/10/16/2-more-african-news-agencies-declare-obama-kenyan-born/; http://thepmnews.com/2008/11/25/two-nigerians-tipped-as-potential-%E2%80%98british-obama%E2%80%99. Because of this conflicting information, the prima facie validity of the COLB must fail. Hence, Obama should present evidence that corroborates his and the State of Hawaii’s position that he was born in Hawaii and that he is a “natural born Citizen. He has without good reason refused to provide this evidence.
It has been reported how past Hawaiian State practices with its birth certificate procedures have presented opportunities for birth certificate fraud. An example of such fraud is that of Chinese native, Sun Yat Sen, one of the founders of the Republic of China, who was born in China but was able to obtain a Certificate of Hawaiian Birth in 1904 based on his fraudulent affidavit and evidence submitted by witnesses to the Hawaiian authorities stating that he was born in Hawaii on November 24, 1870. http://www.scribd.com/doc/9830547/Sun-Yatsen-Certification-of-Live-Birth-in-Hawaii. See also the September 2000 report of the Office of Inspector General, entitled “Birth Certificate Fraud,” which provides an update on the nature and extent of birth certificate fraud, found at http://oig.hhs.gov/oei/reports/oei-07-99-00570.pdf. Because of critical importance of knowing for sure who the President is, the potential for birth certificate fraud, and since Obama’s original long-form birth certificate housed in the offices of the Hawaii Department of Health can be some type of certificate (even a Certificate of Hawaiian Birth) that is based on some family member’s affidavit of personal knowledge but which includes no documentary evidence of an actual birth in Hawaii, it becomes crucial to confirm whether there exists any corroborating evidence of Obama actually being born in Hawaii. Consequently, various members of the public have tried to obtain information that would adequately confirm Obama’s and the State of Hawaii’s statements that he was born in Hawaii. These concerned citizens have made requests to the State of Hawaii and to various hospitals there for such information. The State of Hawaii, Kapi’olani Medical Center, and Queens Medical Center (originally claimed by Obama’s sister to by his birth place) have publicly stated that they cannot release the needed details of Obama’s birth, including whether his deceased mother was even a maternity patient in any of those hospitals, because of Obama’s state and federal privacy rights. Not being successful, some of these concerned citizens, feeling duty bound to the Constitution and our country, have filed law suits and Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) actions against Obama and others to obtain this information.
Given that Obama and/or his agents have already publicly released some information regarding his place of birth, one commentator, William, has asked me on my blog ( http://puzo1.blogspot.com/. ) whether Obama has waived his privacy rights to such birth information. At least two arguments can be advance that Obama has waived any privacy right that he might have in his birth information located in the State of Hawaii and in its hospitals. One is that he has waived his privacy rights to his alleged long-form, hospital-generated birth certificate by posting his COLB on the internet for the world to see. A problem with this argument is that the COLB does not disclose all his private information (name of hospital, doctors, etc.) and he can argue that his waiver is only as to the information contained on the COLB and no more. As a response, it can be argued that Obama waived his privacy right as to the identity of the hospital in which he was born given that he allegedly wrote a letter dated January 24, 2009 to Kapi’olani Medical Center in which he acknowledge being born there and which letter the hospital posted on its web page (suspiciously posting not a scan of an actual paper letter but only a computer-generated image created with HTML code) for the world to see. For more details, see the WND story on the letter at http://www.wnd.com/index.php?pageId=104146. I have grave doubts whether this letter is authentic given that both Obama and U.S. Rep. Neil Abercrombie D-Hawaii, who allegedly gave the letter to the hospital and publicly read the letter during the hospital’s centennial celebration, refuse to confirm whether this letter is real.
The second argument is more powerful and convincing. Under Article II, a would-be President must be a “natural born Citizen” to be eligible for the Presidency. Hence, any candidate knows that such “natural born Citizen” status is required to hold the public Office of President. No one winning an election and wanting to fill that public office has a reasonable expectation of privacy as to where he/she was born given that job’s eligibility requirement that one must be a “natural born Citizen.” See my article on this blog entitled, Obama’s Personal Right To Privacy Cannot Trump The Right Of The People To Know Who Their President Is, at http://puzo1.blogspot.com/2008/12/obamas-personal-right-to-privacy-cannot.html. Of course, that person’s obligation to prove his/her “natural born Citizen” status includes providing credible, competent, and sufficient documentary and other evidence of, among other things, place of birth. Clearly and without doubt, the public interest in knowing that the President-elect is eligible for the office he/she seeks to fill by far out weighs any privacy interest that the person may have in his/her birth documents. It is also clear that knowing who the person is who will occupy the Office of President and Commander in Chief concerns national security and the safety of the United States and the whole world. It is not reasonable to believe that such a person’s privacy interest would out weigh the People’s need to safeguard national security and for self-preservation. Simply put, it would be beyond absurdity to honestly contend that such a person has a right to shield from the same People that he/she is constitutionally duty bound to serve and protect information that he/she must provide to them to show that he/she is qualified for that singular and all-powerful public position which would vest him/her with great power to affect every aspect of the People’s lives.
But underneath the privacy rights question lurks a much more serious concern. We can see the absurdity of Obama sitting on privacy rights to conceal his long-form birth certificate from the public. It is downright despicable for our media and Congress and others to apologize for Obama and let him get away with it. They know full well that he has no such privacy rights. The birth information and documents that Obama refuses to reveal to the public surely are revealing of whether his is eligible to hold the Office of President. Why has the media not filed any legal actions against Obama, the State of Hawaii, and other parties, seeking to legally lift any privacy barriers to Obama’s birth information as it has so many times in the past filed actions against others running for public office who sought to prevent the public from learning details of some aspect of their private lives? What is a travesty of justice is that Obama was probably able to win his U.S. Senate seat because the media (Chicago Tribune) filed a legal action against rival Republican Jack Ryan in which it was successful in getting the “kinky sex” details of his divorce released to the public. Why the media in our country would believe what type of sex two consenting married adults practice is more important than making sure that the national security of our country is protected is beyond comprehension and represents the quintessence of warped priorities. I do not believe that anyone who truly cares about our country and Constitution can express enough in words the outrage that he/she feels about how cowardly our political leaders and media have acted with Obama on the question of his place of birth.
Congress has abdicated its constitutional oath and the media, the so-called fourth branch of our government, has failed to perform its journalistic duty to the People of the United States to assure them that Obama’s election to the highest and most powerful office in the land adhered to our Constitution and laws. Congress has been given a chance to correct its failings and still it refuses to perform its constitutional obligation. With the assistance of its media cronies and others, they all ridicule and suppress the efforts of those who are fighting to make sure that our Constitution has been respected in the last Presidential election and that our nation is safe with Obama currently occupying the Presidency and being the Commander in Chief of our military might.
We must then ask ourselves why Congress and the media have not pressed Obama for the necessary and relevant birth information for at least the sake of the integrity of the Presidential election process and the safety of our nation? Moreover, Obama cannot be an Article II “natural born Citizen” because under the British Nationality Act of 1948 when Obama was born in 1961 his father was a British subject/citizen and Obama himself was born a British subject/citizen. See Obama, the Putative President of the U.S., Is Currently Also a British Citizen, located at http://puzo1.blogspot.com/2009/07/obama-president-of-us-is-currently-also_29.html. Like a naturalized citizen who is not eligible to be President, Obama was born with an allegiance to a foreign power and is therefore not eligible to be President and more so not eligible to be the leader of our military men and women. To allow Obama to hide his birth information and to not challenge him for not being an Article II “natural born Citizen” is nothing more than at best, politicians and those in their coterie allowing corrupt party politics, self-interest, and/or cowardice to blind their constitutional duty to protect and defend our country and Constitution, at worst, part of someone’s plot to attack and destroy the United States from within, or both. Given that any attack on the United States will most likely come from within, these latter two scenarios must be given serious consideration and ruled out only after sufficient evidence exists to so rule them out. Hence, the deliberate or reckless failing by those who are supposed to protect and defend our country and Constitution is tantamount to treason.
All members of Congress that have allowed and continue to allow the raping of our Constitution and the placing of our nation at risk to being attacked from within need to be removed from Congress, without any exceptions. As to what to do with those members of the media and others who have failed and continue to fail to do their job to adequately protect and defend our Constitutional Republic, that is a question for another day.
What should I do if an earthquake or flood strikes? How do I prepare for a heat wave or winter storm? How can I prevent getting H1N1 flu?
If you have any interest in finding the answers to any of these questions (and you definitely should), then check out the seven new fact sheets from APHA’s Get Ready campaign. These educational tools cover how to prepare for:
The new fact sheets are available in both English and Spanish. Use the information to educate yourself and your family, pass them out at a health fair, post them on campus or share them in the community. You can even add your group’s logo to the fact sheets on our Get Ready customization page.
Each of the fact sheets teaches you how to prepare for disasters, what to do during the actual emergency itself and how to respond after the crisis has passed. Help spread the word on how to deal with each of these ever-present public health hazards. Get ready and educate!
As summer winds down, everyone knows what comes next: back-to-school season. During this exciting yet anxiety-riddled time of year, students aren’t the only ones who are stressed. Teachers, too, can have a rough time of it as they review class lists and prepare lesson plans.
To help equip teachers for the start of the school year, the Federal Emergency Management Agency has added a new feature to its Ready campaign that provides tips and materials for including disaster preparedness in the classroom. Created in partnership with Discovery Education and the Ad Council, Ready Classroom focuses on three steps for emergency preparedness: (1) preparing an emergency supply kit; (2) making an emergency plan; and (3) learning about types of emergencies specific to an area.
Ready Classroom provides teachers with a variety of grade- and age-specific tools such as games, puzzles, bulletin board ideas and videos , ranging from learning how to call 9-1-1 to discovering how an earthquake works. Another great resource is an interactive map where selecting a state reveals the natural disasters most likely to occur in a region along with links to information on preparing for those types of disaster.
Thanks to this new resource, teaching students about emergency preparedness and protecting them from emergencies just got easier.
Judging from news stories and conversations across the nation, the term “H1N1” isn’t as contagious as the virus itself. Most people still use “swine flu” to refer to the current flu pandemic. The problem is that there already is another type of influenza that is actually called swine flu and it’s totally different.
The real swine flu is a respiratory illness caused by type A influenza virus that regularly causes flu outbreaks in pigs. The important thing to note is that swine flu viruses don’t normally infect humans. Every once in a while a person that is in close contact with pigs will get infected, but these cases are very rare. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , there were only 12 cases of that kind of flu in the United States between December 2005 and February 2009.
This spring, when people first began getting sick with a new flu virus, scientists called it “swine flu” because tests showed that many of the genes in this new virus were very similar to swine flu viruses. But after they did more research, they found out that actually this new virus is very different from what normally circulates in North American pigs. It has swine flu genes, bird (avian) genes and human genes. So to signify that it was a new virus, the official name became “novel H1N1 virus” and this is the pandemic we’re currently facing around the world.
But don’t worry if you still think “swine flu” rolls off the tongue easier than “H1N1” – even some health officials still have a hard time remembering what to call it. But it’s good to know the difference!
The kids may not be too excited about it, but parents and school staff will probably be glad to know that schools might not need to shut down if there is an outbreak of H1N1 flu, formerly known as swine flu. Updated federal guidelines released today offer a range of options for dealing with H1N1 flu in schools, depending on how bad the flu is in the community.
The new guidance says “officials should balance the risk of flu in their communities with the disruption that school dismissals will cause in education and the wider community.” That means closing schools doesn’t have to be the first response if kids start getting sick. If H1N1 stays at the same level of severity we’ve seen, some of the other recommendations are:
*Stay home when sick: Students or staff members showing symptoms of flu should stay home at least 24 hours after fever symptoms have ended.
*Separate ill students and staff: Students or staff who appear to have flu symptoms should be sent to a room separate from others until they can be sent home.
*Hand hygiene and respiratory etiquette: Schools should emphasize the importance of the basics of flu prevention: Stay home when sick, wash those hands frequently, and cover noses and mouths with a tissue when coughing or sneezing (or a shirt sleeve or elbow if no tissue is available).
*Routine cleaning: School staff should routinely clean areas that students and staff touch. (Watch those door handles, gym equipment and keyboards! Yuk!)
If H1N1 gets worse this fall — with more cases of severe illness, hospitalizations and deaths — the guidelines say that schools should take additional actions.
The new guidelines are part of a national plan to deal with H1N1 flu, which includes encouraging people to get vaccinated and to take other actions to stay healthy. All of these steps are important because flu typically spreads more easily in the fall and winter. However, if we all do our part, we can minimize the spread of H1N1 in our communities.
Wouldn’t it be great to have a place where you could share and publicize your preparedness events and find public health event ideas? How about a place where you could see what preparedness events are going on in your state and nationwide?
Use it to promote your preparedness-related events, like Get Ready Day on Sept. 15 or Set Your Clocks, Check Your Stocks in November.
Posting your own event on the public calendar is really easy and painless (we promise!). Just click “submit your event,” enter in your event information and contact information, and you’re set!
Once more people begin to use the calendar, you will be able to see what preparedness events are going on in your state and nationwide and get ideas. Plan your own activity using our free fact sheets and ready-to-use materials.
Have you ever trudged off to work with chills, achy bones and a fever? If so, you’re not alone. Studies show that about half of U.S. workers...
For Christy of Arlington, Va., one late night last April was especially memorable. Awaking unexpectedly in the middle of the night, Christy ...
With record-setting warm weather across the U.S. this year, we wanted to kick off our Summer Safe series with some timely information ab...
Hack, hack, wheeze...achoo? If you or someone you care about is a smoker, you may have noticed that flu season can be particularly trying o...
Join hands — clean hands, that is — with people from around the world today and celebrate Global Hand-Washing Day . Who knew that somethi...
Today's blog entry is an article by Diego Chaves-Gnecco MD, MPH, SALUD PARA NIÑOS Program Director & Founder in honor of National I...
Resiliency. You fall, get back up and continue on with your day. But communities, not just individuals, also need to be resilient. Recent ...
Today’s guest post is by Meredith Carothers, food safety education intern with the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspecti...
Welcome to another installment of the Get Ready Mailbag, when we take time to answer questions sent our way by readers like you. Have a ques...
Community leaders should take steps now to make sure their residents are prepared for a possible pandemic of influenza, according to a natio...
Many of us like to start the New Year with a few resolutions in mind. During this time of self-reflection, APHA’s Get Ready campaign encourages you to resolve to be ready in 2014!
The Federal Emergency Management Agency’s Ready campaign reminds us about the importance of family connections prior to and during a disaster. It’s critical for parents to include their children in conversations about getting ready for emergencies. FEMA’s campaign reinforces that resolving to be ready in 2014 can be really simple — just think about three things when making your plan: who to call, where to meet and what to pack.
Social media is a great way to spread the word about preparedness. Here are some tips, courtesy of FEMA:
Join FEMA’s Thunderclap and share a New Year's resolution about preparedness. When you sign up, Thunderclap will sync your social media accounts and release an automatic Facebook post, tweet or both on Jan. 1 at 12:30 p.m. EST reminding your friends and followers to make a family emergency plan.
Use #Prepared2014 in your social media posts throughout 2014 to remind friends and followers to be prepared for emergencies all year long.
Check out APHA’s Get Ready campaign’s recent podcast on family communication for tips on creating a reliable plan.
And don’t forget that if you need more preparedness info, APHA’s Get Ready campaign has great, free fact sheets.
Disasters can strike when you least expect them, and you may not be with your family when they happen. Having a family communication plan can help you get in contact with your loved ones during an emergency.
In our latest podcast, APHA’s Get Ready team speaks with Jeffrey Mitchell, clinical professor of emergency health services at the University of Maryland-Baltimore County and co-founder of the International Critical Incident Stress Foundation, about the importance of including communications in family emergency preparedness planning.
“Make sure that you don’t make the plan so complex that people are not able to follow it,” Mitchell says. “It needs to be simple; it needs to be done with some degree of speed, and it has to be very effective so it works for the family system.”
Social media tools and text messaging can be fast, effective ways to communicate during a disaster, and Mitchell encourages incorporating them into your plan. Facebook and Twitter can be especially useful tools if you can’t get to a phone or if phone lines are down or overloaded, he noted. For family members who don’t use social media, it’s important to have other communication plans.
“If you have elderly people in the family who are not on the Internet, and they rely heavily on phone communication, then that needs to be built into the process as well,” he adds.
Here are some more things to consider when developing your family’s communication plan, courtesy of the Federal Emergency Management Agency:
Make a contact card for each family member including children. Put it in your everyday wallet, purse, briefcase or backpack.
Identify an out-of-town relative or family friend who can be another contact for your family, especially in the event of an evacuation. Make sure every member of your family knows the emergency contact’s information.
Teach family members how to use text messaging, which can work around network problems that prevent a phone call from going through.
Subscribe to alert services. Many communities have systems that send emails or text messages in the event of an emergency.
Winter is approaching, and with it even more things to get ready for. APHA’s Get Ready campaign has the resources you need to be prepared and stay safe during the season.
Winter storms: Winter storms can be mild and relatively harmless. But they can also cause some serious damage. Now is the time to get your home, workplace and car ready. Read our Get Ready winter storm fact sheet for tips.
Colds and flu: It’s cold and flu season, so now’s the time to stock up on supplies you’ll need in case you get sick. You don’t want to have to run out to the store with a cold! Also, learn how you can tell if you have a flu or a cold with our tip sheet. Don’t forget: It’s not too late to get your flu shot, as flu season usually peaks in January or February.
Power Outages: Losing power can be frustrating. During an outage, unplug any appliances that were on when the power went out to avoid damage. Also, keep your refrigerator door closed as much as possible to keep it relatively cold. After the power has returned, make sure to get rid of any food items that might have gone bad. Read our power outage fact sheet for more info.
Emergency preparedness kits: It’s always a good idea to prepare kits to keep both at home and in your car. Make sure you have an emergency kit with flashlights, batteries, non-perishable foods, plenty of water and a first-aid kit. Check out our full checklist to see what supplies you’ll need.
Get Ready fact sheets are also available in Spanish. Visit our Winter Ready page now to download and share our materials.
Today’s guest blog is by Michael Jhung, MD, MPH, MS, a medical officer for the Surveillance and Outbreak Response Team in the Influenza Division, National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The most recent Centers for Disease Control and Prevention data show nearly all states reporting some level of flu activity. While flu activity nationally remains low, it has been increasing and is likely to continue rising in the coming weeks. If you have not already gotten a flu vaccine this season, you should do so now. The flu vaccine is the best protection against the flu and any potential serious complications.
In the United States each year, on average, 5 percent to 20 percent of the population gets the flu and more than 200,000 people are hospitalized from seasonal flu-related complications. Last flu season was a stark reminder of how severe influenza can be. There were high influenza hospitalization rates, especially in the elderly. CDC saw the highest proportion of persons 65 and older hospitalized for flu since tracking began during the 2005-2006 season. And sadly, the number of pediatric deaths was one of the highest since flu tracking began.
For these reasons, CDC recommends that everyone 6 months and older receive an annual flu vaccination. It is especially important that people at high risk of flu-related complications get vaccinated. This includes pregnant women; children younger than 5, but especially those younger than 2 years; adults 65 and older; and people with chronic diseases such as asthma, heart disease and diabetes. Also, it’s especially important that people living with or caring for people who are at high risk of flu complications be vaccinated; this includes health care professionals and those living with children younger than 6 months of age, as they are too young to be vaccinated.
The good news this year is there are more flu vaccine options than there have ever been. CDC does not recommend one type of flu vaccine over the others; the important thing is to get vaccinated. To find vaccine near you, visit http://vaccine.healthmap.org.
Dec. 1-7 is National Hand-Washing Awareness Week 2013, so let’s talk about hand hygiene. What is hand hygiene? It’s a term we use to describe things you can do, such as hand-washing and using hand sanitizer, to improve the cleanliness of your hands and protect your health. Hand-washing is one of the most important ways you can prevent many infectious diseases, including colds and flu.
The World Health Organization states that “simple hand-washing could save up to 1 million lives each year” around the globe. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that you wash your hands:
Also, it’s a good idea to wash your hands more often during cold and flu season. Have you thought about your hands when you take public transportation, when you go somewhere where there are a lot of people or when people at your work or school are sick?
Some people are more at risk for infections, such as seniors or people with immune system problems. It’s even more important that they wash their hands more regularly. Otherwise they can become very sick. And don’t forget kids! Children like to get close to each other when they play. Teach and remind children to wash their hands. Start teaching children hand-washing when they are young and make it fun.
The proper way to wash your hands is to wet them with clean water, then apply and spread soap over all parts of your hands. Rub your soapy hands together for at least 20 seconds (sing the “Happy Birthday” song twice in your head), rinse well and dry.
If you can’t wash your hands with water, use a hand sanitizer that has at least 60 percent alcohol. Apply and spread the sanitizer to all parts of your hands and rub your hands together until they are dry.
Be sure to visit the Get Ready campaign’s hand-washing page for great information and materials on hand-washing.
For the fifth year in a row, Puerto Rico’s Center for a New Economy (CNE) has been included in the most recent edition of the 2017 Global Go To Think Tank Index Report published by the University of Pennsylvania’s renowned Lauder Institute.
CNE was selected among the best think tanks in the world in three categories of the 2017 Global Go To Think Tank Index Report, including the Best Independent Think Tanks category and the think tank category for excellence of their research and their innovative initiatives: Think Tanks to Watch.
Miguel A. Soto-Class, President and Founder of the CNE, stressed that the international distinction validates the work that CNE is doing for Puerto Rico. “For twenty years, we have developed a solid organization of international caliber and prestige that has sought to continuously raise the level of research and analysis in the sphere of public policy. Now more than ever the island needs to rethink its economic, fiscal and institutional scaffolding. CNE will continue to emphasize the rigor, independence and audacity in the evaluation of public policy options to achieve a more productive and stable Puerto Rico”
The 2017 Global Go To Think Tank Index Report was compiled from a list of 7,815 think tanks and used the opinion of more than 4,000 journalists, public opinion makers, donors and specialists around the world. Among the parameters used are: leadership, reputation, impact, quality of the faculty and its publications, effectiveness of its management, and financial stability. CNE has appeared in the editions of 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 of the prestigious world report. The Lauder Institute report states that think tanks are a global phenomenon because they play a critical role for governments and civil societies throughout the world. Think tanks propose solutions to social problems based on scientific evidence and critical analysis. These centers advocate for changes in public policies based on the research and analysis of experts in various social, political and economic issues. Founded in 1998, CNE is an independent and non-partisan think tank that produces research and analysis on public policy. Through its offices in Washington DC and San Juan, CNE is actively involved in advocating for solutions to the crisis in Puerto Rico.
CNE is currently one of the most credible and influential voices in Puerto Rico and the United States with respect to the economy of Puerto Rico. CNE publications and analyses are used by government leaders, journalists and analysts that seek balanced and non-partisan expertise on policy options for Puerto Rico.
Among these are: the White House, the US Congress, the US Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and international news media such as The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Financial Times, Foreign Affairs, Washington Post, Bloomberg News, Reuters, The Hill, Politico, National Public Radio and PBS Newshour.
Institutional Repository of University from El Salvador is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton. More information and software credits.
If you register references through the customer center, the reference information will be registered as soon as possible.
In 1896, the body of Martin Begnaud, lacerated over fifty times was found in a back room of his shop, bound and gagged. Murder no doubt, and murder for money highly suspected. With thousands of dollars missing from his shop, the hunt was on to find…
“O.K., Father who am I to suffer for today?” were the words of Charlene Richard, a 12-year old girl from Church Point, Louisiana. A seemingly normal young lady who would find herself stricken with acute lymphatic leukemia. For most, the painful…
Near the banks of Bayou Bourbeuax, amongst the fields of Sunset, stands a 12-room mansion at the heart of what used to be a 3,000-acre cotton plantation. Construction of the mansion began in 1831 by a man named Hypolite Chretien II and the mansion,…
To those who live along coastal Louisiana, the story is a familiar one: a story of piracy and treasure. The pirate is popularized by the idea that he is the source of buried treasure along the Louisiana coast and within the Louisiana bayous. When…
1909 marks the beginning of a fearful time for many negro families in southern Louisiana. This was the time of a murder rampage where families of five were targeted and slaughtered in the middle of the night. The weapon was always the same: an axe.…
The St. Jacques de Cabahannoce Catholic Church was established in 1757. The original location of the church is now in the Mississippi river, and the actual church structure that was moved numerous times has been swept away by the Mississippi river…
J.C. Reinhardt, a graduate from The University of Iowa, who was hired in 1931 came to Lafayette, Louisiana and totally changed the dynamics of local sports. He was brought in to be the head basketball coach, freshman football coach, tennis coach,…
Ambassador Caffery Boulevard was named in honor after an important man Jefferson Caffery. Caffery was born in Lafayette, Louisiana in 1886. He went to The Southwestern Industrial Institute which is now known as The University of Louisiana at…
Maurice Heymann was born in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1885. Heymann had a tremendous impact on Lafayette’s history. He was known for many extraordinary things. The Heymann Oil Center was developed by Heymann himself. It was developed in the 1950’s…
Every town has their fair share of urban legends, and this little town is no exception. In Broussard, Louisiana you can find the infamous Mary Jane’s Bridge. On small road called Bayou Tortue off of Highway 90, this tee-tiny bridge can be…
The Eagan Hotel and The Grand Opera House, located next to each other proudly in Crowley Louisiana, both have some quirks that add character to the Cajun area. Both locations were owned by the same individual and he had never allowed a group inside…
Joseph Jefferson, a famed actor for his role in Rip Van Winkle, owned the Rip Van Winkle Gardens property. It was sold to Dr. Don Ray who renovated the gardens to its original beauty. He then sold it to Mike Richard, who is the current owner. The…
In the beautiful city of Lake Charles, lies the Calcasieu Courthouse. To any tourist passing by, it is just a regular court. But, when the history of this noteworthy monument is applied, you will understand the peculiarity of it. Annie Beatrice…
The expansive, star-studded church that towers over downtown Abbeville is integral to the very existence of the city. Abbe Megret, the pastor of St. John the Evangelist at the time, established St. Mary Magdalen parish in 1842 in an effort to remove…
Situated in the quiet beauty of Grand Coteau is a historic school which attracts talented female scholars both from Louisiana and around the world. Established by the Religious of the Sacred Heart in the early 1800s, the Academy has remained in…
So I know you are probably wondering what so special about 421 Carmel Drive. Well it’s not about the street but what is on the street. Located at that address is a building that was once Holy Rosary Institute. Before coming to Lafayette, the Holy…
In Manchac Swamp, in Louisiana St. John parish, the Rougarou is a popular folklore similar to bigfoot. However, it’s a man who shapeshifts and looks tall and animal like. “It is most often described as having a human body with the head of a wolf or…
In Acadiana’s St. John parish, Julia Brown was a Hoodoo priestesses lived in a very small town called Frenier surrounded by Manchac Swamp. “In the town Julia was known for her charms and her curses, as well as for singing eerie songs with her guitar…
The National Hansen’s Disease Museum in Carville, a small town in Plaquemine, is like no other because it seeks to inform their viewers of a tragic illness which resulted in a quarantine of the people who suffered from it. This museum was once the…
In the wake of the Civil War, a 4,000-square-mile parish named St. Francis de Sales formed in western Louisiana (Oubre 40). In 1869, St. Francis de Sales became an established parish by the archbishop; in 1881, the parish constructed a new church and…
LOCATION: LAFAYETTE, LAFAYETTE PARISH, LA COORDINATES: 30.225685, -92.018216 (433 JEFFERSON ST.) STATUS: REPLACED Like in many towns anywhere in the world, buildings can take on different faces throughout their lives. Lafayette is no…
One could say that Washington, Louisiana was the first Opelousas. This town was a large trading destination during the 18th century. People that resided in this town decided that it would be the “Post of Opelousas.” Priests would travel by boat to…
The Beaubassin House and the Arceneaux House were built by two brothers, Pierre and Louis Arceneaux, the two sons of Louis Penault Arceneaux. The father came to Lafayette Parish in 1765 and is believed to be the inspiration for the character Gabriel…
Many of us have older relatives, perhaps a grandfather, a dad, or a great uncle who fought overseas during WWII, but many of us are unaware that at the time the US was housing over 425,000 enemy POWs (mostly Germans, but also Italians and a few…
Considered to be one of the most famous paintings by the celebrated Cajun painter, George Rodgrigue, the Aioli Dinner features a group of men sitting around a large table set for a meal under the shade of a large live oak tree in the early…
St. Gabriel church is a roman catholic church located in the St. Gabriel perish. This church was built in 1769 by Father Dagobert. This church is considered to be one of the oldest, if not the oldest, standing wooden churches in the region. St.…
The Uncle Sam Plantation is a demolished plantation in Convent, Louisiana. The plantation was one of the most extensive sugar cane plantations in its time. Uncle Sam Plantation was originally known as Constancia Plantation prior to 1864. It was…
The small town of New Iberia, Louisiana has a unique secret that thrives inside this local high school. Over 170 years ago Mount Carmel Academy opened its doors! The academy was originally for girls and helping with their development. The historic…
Saint Martin de Tours Catholic Church was founded by the Acadian exiles in 1765 when they arrived in St. Martinville. This church was officially blessed as a new church in the Archdiocese of New Orleans. The number of parishioners that this church…
Joseph Bloch was born in France in 1833. He moved to the Americas and Louisiana when he was 21. Bloch owned a mercantile business in Ascension parish before moving to Opelousas. Bloch’s store was located on the northwest corner of Main and Bellevue…
Economic Magazine is Designed for Foreign Partners, Interested in Cooperation with the Czech Republic more
The Plzeň Region is the Czech Republic’s third largest region in terms of area. Since its origin Plzeň
(Pilsen), a city founded by order of King Wenceslas II of Bohemia at the confl uence of the Radbuza,
Mže, Úhlava, and Úslava Rivers in 1295, has been the natural centre of the Region. The industrial and
technological development of Plzeň started in the middle of the 19th century, and step by step it became
one of the most important cities in the country. At present, Plzeň is the fourth largest Czech city. It has
The weakness and instability of human resolutions have been a subject of derision to the satirist, and of sorrow to men in every age. Nothing is more universal than the habit of forming these resolutions at the beginning of the New Year, unless it be the habit of breaking them. Perhaps one great cause for their inefficiency and failure is that they are adopted hastily from temporary, inconstant, and inadequate motives; but good resolves, however short-lived, reflect much good upon the moral nature and are often kept until a good habit is established.
With every resolution there must be a great deal of effort and resistance. Mr. Ruskin says: "It is only by labor that thought is made healthy, and only by thought that labor is made happy."
A quick, courageous resolution is better than a gradual deliberation, as the impetus is apt to be greater. Many writers have said helpful things regarding resolves. Malet says: "Good resolutions are a pleasant crop to sow. The seed springs up so readily, and the blossoms open so soon with such a brave show, especially at first; but when the time of flowers is past, what as to the fruit?"
Emerson believed "a good resolution clothed itself with power," while John Foster affirms: "He who resolves upon any great and good end has, by that very resolution, sealed the first barrier to it." The poet Longfellow declared, "Resolve, and thou art free." Following are given some of the resolutions contributed to THE HOUSEHOLD by noted people:
Społeczny Instytut Wydawniczy ZNAK spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością z siedzibą w Krakowie, zwana w dalszej części Fundatorem, niniejszym aktem notarialnym ustanawia Fundację Sztuki Nowej ZNACZY SIĘ, zwaną w dalszej części niniejszego Statutu Fundacją.
Christian dating apps free christian dating for free, cdff, is the largest and best free christian dating site for christian singles in the worldour service features both ios and android free dating apps as well as a desktop and mobile website. The completely free mormon dating site, totally free lds dating but meet hot local singles tonight don t see the benefit right away, you know, a week, month of course, those familiar with the practice of female circumcision might think this isn t a good analogy. Villa jaragua's best free dating site 100% free online dating for villa jaragua singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in villa jaragua looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with.
Buddhist single women in orwell christian dating for free reviews leck kill jewish personals villa jaragua black girls personals ciudad victoria muslim girl personals hispanic single women in burlingham kemblesville mature women dating site. What is a best dating site - if you are a middle-aged woman looking to have a good time dating man half your age, this advertisement is for you is the number one destination for online dating with more relationships than any other dating or personals site rich man looking for older man & younger man i'm laid back and get along with everyone. Stephentown christian women dating site hindu single women in wendover big pine single mature ladies speed dating calgary hershey divorced singles dating site villa jaragua black girls personals penn laird christian women dating site sargodha mature singles williston park singles.
Santana hails from villa jaragua, dominican republic also entering his fifth season in affiliated baseball, melvin ovalles returns to missoula after spending two games with the team last year. Baoruco province (dominican republic) | villa jaragua, baoruco (dominican republic) | baptismal font municipality of obertaufkirchen (germany) | baptismal aguiar commune (portugal) | baptist college of florida baptist college of florida (us) | baptist college of health sciences. Christian dating for married couples - join the leader in rapport services and find a date today join and search find a woman in my area free to join to find a man and meet a man online who is single and hunt for you find single woman in the us with relations looking for novel in all the wrong places now, try the right place. Cdff (christian dating for free) largest miami, florida christian singles dating app/site 100% free to meet birmingham christian singles near you today i love the outdoor life a nice bonfire and a bottle of good wine and the right woman next to me is all i need rosejr 53 fsm - a talk/email buddy miami florida. View the profiles of people named siste media join facebook to connect with siste media and others you may know facebook gives people the power to.
Hook up with thoughtful persons | sex dating site prhookuponlinezhtfma-seinfo holt muslim women dating site catholic single women in springville. Also see: militarycupidcom account sign up – free dating site for military singles meanwhile, our team (virginjist team) have scouted some of the true christian dating sites online consequently, we have written this article on the top 10 christian dating sites for single men & women in order to help you find a christian love online. Villa jaragua's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in villa jaragua with mingle2's villa jaragua dating services find a girlfriend or lover in villa jaragua, or just have fun flirting online with villa jaragua single girls. A group of 32 women, many of them single mothers or widows, and 6 men, form a community association named casilda montilla, which came up with the idea of starting a cheese factory“we got this small facility and decided to start,” recalls carmen, the association coordinator.
Villa jaragua la gran sabana the painter, sculptor and dominican master, is considered a pioneer in women’s incursion to arts in a national level, which trajectory presents this gallery. Some sociologists speak of the marriage squeeze the fact that single, middle-aged women have a shrinking pool of potential conventional partners ie older, educated men with high incomes and are thus compelled to seek alternative arrangements. Villa jaragua, baoruco (dominican republic) 2016-01-30 randy young christian-democratic people's party of switzerland (cvp / pdc / ppd / pcd) 2016-01-02 rob raeside international day for the elimination of violence against women (austria) 2016-01-02 rob raeside. Brazilian christian dating is made easy with loveawake, the place to meet like-minded singles we match you to compatible christian men and women from brazil with our relationship questionnaire.
A pretty woman dating site - if you are a middle-aged woman looking to have a good time dating woman half your age, this advertisement is for you men looking for a man - women looking for a woman find a woman in my area free to join to find a man and meet a woman online who is single and looking for you. Meet and chat beautiful christian women in jacksonville: meet young girl in hyvinkaa before topix, mary taught literature and politics at princeton, oxford, and drew university. Free christian dating site matchcom has over 135 million active users a month and a membership that costs absolutely nothing, making it one of the most popular free christian dating sites on the web. Fishermen in lake enriquillo float in a sea of dead trees where farmers once grew crops near villa jaragua, dominican republic the lake rose 37 feet in 10 years, swallowing at least 40,000 acres in 2012 and 2013, león and researchers at the city college of new york installed a handful of weather stations to monitor future rainfall and humidity.
Clairvoyant femme fatale Nicola Six has been living with a dark premonition of her impending death by murder. She begins a tangled love affair with three uniquely different men: one of whom she knows will be her murderer.
Fiona Wagner is studying for a master's degree in journalism and still grieves for her mother Samantha who committed suicide at the Crescent Hotel three ...
In an outback town, Jay Swan, an Indigenous cowboy detective, returns home to solve the murder of a teenage Indigenous girl whose body is found ...
Europol Agent Tom Brindle (Timothy Hutton) is called to Barcelona, Spain, to track down the notorious serial killer known as Pygmalion.
In the ultimate battle between good and evil stands a warrior who makes the choice that tips the balance. A strong, mysterious and a deadly ...
Chris Faraday once smuggled illegal items or contraband into the country on freighters. He left that life behind, got married, has a family and went ...
Biopic of J. Edgar Hoover told by Hoover as he recalls his career for a biography. Early in his career, Hoover fixated on Communists, anarchists ...
Apprehended by the Mexican authorities, Driver is sent to a hardcore prison where he enters the strange and dangerous world of 'El Pueblito'. Not an ...
Phil Broker is a former DEA agent who has gone through a crisis after his action against a biker gang went horribly wrong and it ...
Nicky Spurgeon is an extremely accomplished con man who takes an amateur con artist, Jess, under his wing. Nicky and Jess become romantically involved, and ...
Sean Archer, a very tough, rugged FBI Agent. Who is still grieving for his dead son Michael. Archer believes that his son's killer is his ...
Ballater is a quaint Victorian village near to the Royal Family’s Scottish home Balmoral Castle. Many shops and tradesmen proudly display the Royal Warrant outside their premises. Some shops are by appointment both to Her Majesty The Queen and to His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales.
Ballater Railway Station has now been rebuilt. It was largely destroyed by a fire in the early hours of Tuesday 12th May 2015
When the Royal Family are not in residence nearby Balmoral Castle is open to the public. and displays include Sheridan the butchers vintage car, and vintage Balmoral fire fighting equipment.
Many excellent walks set off from the Loch Muick area; including the walk to Lochnagar – an extinct volcano depicted above.
The Deeside Line was a Victorian railway which used to take Queen Victotia to Ballater Railway Station.
The Old Ballater Railway Station was turned into a museum. Subsequently it was destroyed by fire and has now been rebilt.
To improve your user experience, we use cookies and Google tracking. By continuing, we assume you agree. (Privacy Policy)
Esperanza Gómez is beautiful, tall and sexy. She married her husband believing in his love but killed him in order to protect her daughter. She loves her daughter deeply and the worst punishment she has received is...
Ricardo Pradilla is a civil Engineer, charismatic, friendly; a businessman and conman in one. He has always tricked and gotten people who surround him in trouble in order to get some kind of personal benefit. In front...
Julian Duarte is a smart and resourceful man when it comes to overcoming any adversity. He found love when he was very young and married Mariana his college girlfriend; they quickly had a son, Samuel, who is...
Accused of a crime he didn’t commit, Julian Duarte is sentenced to 20 years in prison after Camila, the wife of his best friend, Ricardo Pradilla, was murdered. Even though his wife, Mariana, abandons him, what hurts...
The beautiful red front door is just the beginning. Spectacular two story open floor plan with sunken living room and large kitchen with island. Elegant wainscoting. Hardwood floors, carpet, 4 BR, 2.5 baths.Perfect master with sitting area and large walk in closet. Fenced corner lot. A must see!
– A numbers of older printer will not compatible with printer drivers on the original CD that came with the product. However, you can download Epson 3800 Professional Edition printer driver on this website. This article provide to you, link download Epson 3800 Professional Edition printer driver for Windows 10 64 bit and how to install driver Epson 3800 Professional Edition for Windows 10 64 bit.
– Notify the user knows: what are you printing?, how many copies to print?, shown on error message when the printer does not print …
Step 1: Power on Epson 3800 Professional Edition printer and computer. You need to make sure devices working fine.
Archives Select Month August 2016 (1371) July 2016 (1392) June 2016 (1341) May 2016 (834) April 2016 (117) March 2016 (465) February 2016 (435) January 2016 (465) December 2015 (558) November 2015 (1437) October 2015 (1412) September 2015 (1595) August 2015 (1808) July 2015 (1953) June 2015 (1504)
ESR Talks http://esrtalks.esr.earlham.edu/ Listen to conversations with faculty, staff, and students at Earlham School of Religion. Get to know us. Come study with us. Support the work we do. Podcast page: esrtalks.esr.earlham.edu/ Podcast Generator 2.6 - http://podcastgen.sourceforge.net Wed, 14 Nov 2018 08:59:38 -0500 en Copyright 2017. All rights reserved. The view and opinions are those of individuals and are not meant to represent the views of the institution. http://esrtalks.esr.earlham.edu/images/itunes_image.png ESR Talks http://esrtalks.esr.earlham.edu/ Listen to conversations with faculty, staff, and students at Earlham School of Religion. Get to know us. Come study with us. Support the work we do. Podcast page: esrtalks.esr.earlham.edu/ Conversations with the People at ESR Tim Seid Tim Seid seidti@earlham.edu no Episode 13: Entrepreneurial Ministry Co-hosts Tim Seid & Matt Hisrich interview some members of a certificate program in entrepreneurial ministry.
In this episode Matt and I meet with ESR’s dean, Jay Marshall, to talk with a group of students who are a part of a first cohort in an 18-month certificate program in entrepreneurial ministry. These students have met together first in a retreat setting with one of the instructors, Samir Selmanovic (wisdomworkroom.com). Samir will also be teaching a fall semester course on Spirituality and the Entrepreneur. The course the students are just completing during the two-week August intensive is Creating Your Ministry Canvas with Rebecca Jestice, Associate Professor of Global Management at Earlham College. We will be hearing from four of the 11 students in the program, some ESR graduates and some current ESR students. Of the former are Adriana and Summer; of the latter group are Jaimie and Andy. We recorded our conversation on August 11th, 2017.
In this episode Matt and I talk with Stephen Angell, Geraldine Leatherock Professor of Quaker Studies at ESR since 2001. Steve is a graduate of ESR earning an M.A. in 1982. He went to further graduate work at Vanderbilt and completed his Ph.D. in 1988. Steve has worked with a British Quaker scholar, Ben Pink Dandelion, to edit several volumes including the Oxford Handbook of Quaker Studies in 2013 and Early Quakers and their Theological Thought, 1647-1723 published in 2015. Steve has been active in Quaker monthly meetings, yearly meetings, and in Quaker Organizations like Friends General Conference and Friends Association for Higher Education. We recorded our conversation on May 15th 2017.
In this episode Matt and I talk with Stephanie Crumley-Effinger, Director of Supervised Ministry at ESR. Stephanie is both a graduate of Earlham College earning a B.A. in 1977 and of Earlham School of Religion with an M.Div. in 1981. Stephanie has worked in campus ministry for two Quaker colleges, Wilmington College and Earlham College. She has been working at ESR since 2000 directing field education for M.Div. students. We recorded this conversation on May 10th, 2017.
In this episode Matt and I talk with Jim Higginbotham, Associate Professor of Pastoral Care at ESR. Jim earned an M.Div. from Vanderbilt Divinity School in 1983, an M.S. from Loyola College of Maryland in 1990, and his Ph.D. from Vanderbilt University in 2005. Jim has been on the faculty of ESR since 2005 and teaches courses related to pastoral care. You can engage with Jim through his Academia.edu and LinkedIn pages. Our conversation took place on May 1st, 2017 in the Barclay Center of ESR.
In this episode Matt and I talk with Lonnie Valentine, Trueblood Chair of Christian Thought. Lonnie graduated from ESR in 1983, went on to Emory University earning a Ph.D. in 1989, after which he returned to teach at ESR. Lonnie primarily teaches courses in the area of peace and justice studies. We recorded the podcast on April 20th, 2017 in Teague Library, the former office of D. Elton Trueblood, because of Lonnie’s connections with Trueblood. Lonnie also brought other items that represented his own formation and what influenced him and can be seen in the picture on the podcast home page at esrtalks.esr.earlham.edu.
In episode eight Matt and I talk with Phil Baisley, Professor of Pastoral Studies at ESR since 1999. In addition to earning his M.Div. degree at ESR in 1993, Phil has also gone on to graduate in 2009 from Ashland Theological Seminary with a Doctor of Ministry degree. Because of Phil’s connections with interacting with people at coffee shops and pubs including performing original songs as half of the duo of Somebody’s Brothers, we met Phil at a local coffee shop called Roscoe’s on April 12th 2017.
In episode seven we talk with Miriam Bunner and Julie Dishman. Miriam is the assistant to the dean, Jay Marshall, who is currently on a six-month sabbatical and soon to return. Julie is ESR’s receptionist and secretary to Matt in Admissions and to the teaching faculty. We learn about what brought them to work at Earlham, something about the work they do here, and about some of their personal interests. We met to talk on March 20th, 2017, a stormy spring morning with some thunder in the background.
In episode six we talk with Nancy Bowen, Professor of Old Testament at ESR. As a scholar of the Hebrew Bible with a Ph.D. from Princeton University and as a trained and experienced minister within the United Methodist Church with a Masters of Divinity from Claremont School of Theology, Nancy has been teaching at ESR since 1991. Her recent publications include a commentary on Ezekiel for the Old Testament Commentaries series and a forthcoming commentary on the Wisdom of Solomon for Liturgical Press in the Wisdom Commentary Series. It happened that we scheduled Nancy to talk with us on International Women’s Day, March 8th, 2017.
In episode five Matt and I talk with Ben Brazil, Assistant Professor and Director of the Ministry of Writing Program at ESR. In spite of my memory lapse in this conversation, Ben started at ESR in 2013. As he tells us, his education began at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where he majored in Journalism and Latin American Studies. He earned a Masters of Theological Studies at Candler School of Theology at Emory University in 2005. He completed his doctoral program at Emory University in American Religious Culture in 2015. He has written extensively about the theology of travel, and has been published in the New York Times, Washington Post and Los Angeles Times. You can find recently published essays online: “Indiana Winter, Take One” from November 2015 in Topology Magazine and from January 2016, “On Nostalgia, Myth, and Star Wars: The Force Awakens,” in the web magazine Sacred Matters.
In episode four Matt and I interview our colleagues Eric Chisholm and April Vanlonden. Eric is the Business Manager at ESR and is an assistant coach of the Earlham College men’s basketball team. April is the Director of Academic Services for ESR and for our sister seminary, Bethany Theological Seminary.
In this third episode co-hosts Tim Seid (Assoc. Dean) and Matt Hisrich (Dir. of Admissions & Recruitment) talk with Michael Birkel, Professor of Christian Spirituality at ESR. Michael is an alumnus of ESR, earning an MA in 1978 and going on to graduate with a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1986. He then joined the faculty of Earlham College in the Religion Department where he has had an illustrious 30-year career of teaching, writing, and speaking at a variety of groups on wide-ranging topics in religion, Quakerism, and inter-faith dialogue.
In this second episode co-hosts Tim Seid (Assoc. Dean) and Matt Hisrich (Dir. of Recruitment and Admissions) talk with Grace Ji-Sun Kim. She is the Associate Professor of Theological Studies at Earlham School of Religion.
I am a new WRF user. I have just installed WRF/WPS V3 in a linux box (gcc/gfortran compiler and basic nesting option 1). I have been able to run successfully most of the test cases. However, I have got into trouble when running the nesting case for the hurricane Katrina. The pre-processing WPS steps runs Ok and the intermediate and geo*.nc files for the two domains are generated correctly. The problem is that real.exe stops after processing domain 1 (check the FATAL ERROR message at the end).
I don't care what the people sayI'm a piece of shit, I'ma live my life this wayI'm a total fuck up, my whole album sucksCert...
Eddie Hi, I am looking for a Qatar Starbucks mug like this one as a gift to replace a broken one, is... Nov 5, 2018
Badger If anyone has access to the 2018 Coffee Stories Chapter 2 Richard Cavolo mug, I would be... Sep 29, 2018
verity I just wanted to ask admins if vases are now part of this Website: I know plates and other sorts... Sep 15, 2018
Review of Wonky Wabbits Slot by NetEnt, including real players' reviews and ratings for free or visit any of the featured NetEnt casinos to play the game for real . Wonky Wabbits is a great game for those new to slots as it's quite simple to play and Have fun in the garden or at home with Wonky Wabbits-it will play. 3. Okt. Click to play Wonky Wabbits now at Sky Vegas online Casino! Or try games including roulette, blackjack & slots. New customers get £
The ping, ping is the relation between time and the internet speed, while less is the ping, means nearest of the server r you ^^
Bah idk for the location... it's the some cmn... choose which u prefer more and that is better for all GFC Members Here no one votes
Hello Guys.. I can make you an server for cheap money? Server is located in Germany and this is spec of the root:
With only hours until D-Day, a team of American paratroopers drop into Nazi-occupied France to carry out a mission that's crucial to the invasion's success. Tasked with destroying a radio transmitter atop a fortified church, the desperate soldiers join forces with a young French villager to penetrate the walls and take down the tower. But, in a mysterious Nazi lab beneath the church, the outnumbered G.I.s come face-to-face with enemies unlike any the world has ever seen.
Get 100 free trials, chat with local singles, and start dating online totally free. Dear DNAinfo and Gothamist Readers: Today, I've made the difficult decision to discontinue publishing DNAinfo and Gothamist. Reaching this decision wasn't easy. Latin Models Galleries Home Opposite Sex Channel Bullz-Eye Home. We love beautiful Latin women, and as you can see below we have had the privilege of … Being short doesn't have to be a disadvantage in dating. Here's how short men can find the relationship of their dreams. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. The latest news on healthcare advancements and research, as well as personal wellness tips. A big part of the problem, however, is that you and your coworkers are experiencing what I like to call remote work growing pains. You see, your old boss was. Kezia Noble teacher of Dating. Are you being shut out when it comes to dating women. Do you find it hard to break the barrier when trying to talk to catchy screen name dating ladies. Support Made in Nigeria Products. Show your support for our hard working men when to start dating after losing a spouse women. Buy made in Nigeria products. 34 year old man dating our businesses home and abroad. Free free dating websites for friends dating for singles around the world. besocial. com is the best online dating site that is also free to use. Find online friends, share your interests and. Have you had free dating websites for friends with an uncircumcised man. I have, and let me tell you a few things about the uncut guy the regular American woman has no idea about. Place your order free dating websites for friends and get it immediately. You do not have to free dating websites for friends and warcraft online dating a member to get a member's contact info. If you see someone. A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. As I detailed in a previous article, every man has the sacred right to prefer one woman over another based on what attracts him. But the fact that the media. Free Sex, Free Porn, Free Direct Download. Alessandra Jane - Virtual Ramming When Danny stumbles upon a free VR demo while shopping with his wife, he cant help. quot;Polonium Haloesquot; Refuted A Review of quot;Radioactive Halos in a Radio-Chronological and Cosmological Perspectivequot; by Robert V. Gentry by Association of nonprofit professionals and private donors. Features organization profile, history, email newsletter, the magazine quot;Philanthropyquot;, online store, and. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos.
Discreet Free dating websites for friends City can help you get to know singles who are looking for partners for extra-marital affairs. Register right away and have a great time!, Discreet Chat City If you're looking for a vegan dating website, find out which of our top 4 picks for plant-based romance and conscious love is right for you. Indonesia's leading English language daily. Free dating websites for friends journal and reference of Indonesia daily, with the latest news on the world's largest archipelago.
Ancient Mound Excavation in Peru Leads to Groundbreaking Discovery of Advanced Civilization Dating Back 15,000 Years (Read the article on one page) Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Researchers at Boston University studying deceased football players brains dating with herpes free new findings earlier this week on the potential connection between the athletes.
Mar 08, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Survive Middle School Dating. So, you've entered middle school and a few of your friends are pairing off together and … SAM. gov The System for Award Management (SAM) is the Official U. Government system that consolidated the capabilities of CCRFedReg, ORCA, and EPLS Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction.
An automatic firmware update broke LockStates internet-enabled smart locks for around 500 customers earlier this month, including around 200 Airbnb hosts who. Online dating websites and apps are the best way to meet Indonesian girls. Click to find out what are the 10 most popular in the country in 2017. Indigenous-driven land management or stewardship programmes are increasingly common throughout Australia.
These programmes vary considerably, but free dating websites for friends. Which are the top online dating sites, and why. Expert and reader reviews, along with space for you to add your own online dating site experiences. Carbon (from Latin: carbo quot;coalquot;) is a chemical element with symbol C and atomic number 6.
It is nonmetallic and tetravalent-making four electrons available to form. What is miscarriage. A miscarriage is the loss of a pregnancy during the first 24 weeks. Miscarriages are often referred to as 'early' or 'late'. Training tips How to train for a triathlon Prepare to master the toughest endurance test of all. Richard La Ruina (born 7 July 1980) is a London-based entrepreneur, author and speed dating in gwinnett county coach Jun 08, 2009nbsp;0183;32;Sex Without Intimacy: No Dating, No Relationships Hooking up is becoming a trend, not only among college students, but increasingly among 20-somethings who.
New York's guide to theater, restaurants, bars, movies, shopping, fashion, events, activities, things to do, music, art, free dating websites for friends, clubs, tours, dance amp; nightlife. All have divergent problems in the Effortless Methods For dating hd The Best Routes world and search for totally free black online dating sites the site you can controlled environment. Free Phone Sex Free Phone 12 rules for dating my daughter. Trial FREE Phone Sex NOW on 888-348-7626 Finding good quality, satisfying phone sex that is truly 100 free … Contact Hot Nigerian Girls from the Comfort of Your Living Room.
Beautiful African Girls for Dating and Marriage. The Looming Consequences of Breathing Mold. Flooding means health issues that unfold free dating websites for friends years. An image that constantly circulates in various places is this: As much as I agree with veganism, distorting facts to make a point free dating websites for friends not the way to go. In fact, it. Mature singles trust www. ourtime. com for the best in 50 plus dating. Here, older singles connect for love and companionship.
Wojtyla, known as John Paul II since his October 1978 election to the papacy, was born in Wadowice, a small city 50 kilometres from Cracow, on May 18, 1920. How to Write a Funny Personal Ad. Gone are the days when people looking to hook-up put a personal ad in the newspaper (quot;If you like pina coladas, getting caught in. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Creating a Container tab for the purpose of online shopping is helpful if you want to be more conscious about your spending habits. You can have a single Shopping. Female sex tours, marketed as holidays or self-discovery, have been with us for years. Expect them to only increase in popularity over the next decade. Being attracted to someone else when you already have a boyfriend may be out of your control. According to psychologist Gary Lewandowski in the article. Ashley Madison is a leading online personals amp; dating destination for casual encounters, discrete dating, discreet encounters and affairs. Kilauea; Mount Etna; Mount Yasur; Mount Nyiragongo and Nyamuragira; Piton de la Fournaise; Erta Ale Does it mean you got the job. Not necessarily. Does it mean you're the only one they're considering. Although you might be. So what exactly does it mean. Writing free dating websites for friends online dating profile comes free dating websites for friends easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your height, while hard might include coming up how to introduce someone youre casually dating a free dating websites for friends dating wealthy christian dating. Warning. This site contains sexually explicit, adult material and is for adults only. By entering this site, you certify that you free dating websites for friends 18 years or older and, if. Free dating websites for friends Questions on Famous Scientists, Great Experiments, Latest Science News, Science History, Health and Medicine, Nature, Hsp dating site and Plants, and more 1 Free dating websites for friends speed dating grand cayman myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging to me as good belongs mishkat varma and kanchi singh dating you. I pregnant and dating baby daddy and invite my soul, Match. com, the leading online dating resource for singles. Search through thousands of personals and photos. Go ahead, it's FREE to look. Being short doesn't have to be a disadvantage in dating. Here's how short men can find the relationship of their dreams. Knicks coach Derek Fisher was die besten kostenlose dating seiten in Los Angeles by NBA bad boy Matt Barnes, who drove 95 miles to beat the s-t out of him when internet dating site scams found out Fisher was. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Your gateway to Southern Leyte, a portal that brings to you the latest news and current events, tourism, jobs, classified ads and a whole lot more. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access. There's a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process. The one problem with big data is that it removes the human element - and dating is very much about human connection. 169;News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. quot;The Sunquot;, quot;Sunquot;, quot;Sun Onlinequot; are registered. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift And if you think my blog is boring, you should try living my life. Its bound to get better. Or so I keep telling myself… London Escorts from Charlotte action for 163;79ph are the cheapest escorts in London. Call us now for a sexy quality London escort at an unbeatable price.
Google has many special features to help you find exactly what you're looking for. Get the latest news on celebrity scandals, engagements, and divorces. Check out our breaking stories on Hollywood?s hottest stars. Every time you visit Femdom Berlin Xxx Matures you will find thrilling Bdsm fuck videos that you would like to have in your collection. The best Femdom mature sex. Free xxx videos, daily added porno videos and hot adult videos, updated hourly every day You can find your beautiful girl with our dating services. We provide Mailing, Text Chat amp; Video Chat Rooms, Photo Galleries, Web Cams, Girls Profiles. Got an epic story about how you navigated the new relationship whats the best dating site to get laid crisis. Did you ftee (or get) an websitss present from your debsites. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two blue springs dating meet socially with the aim of each assessing the free dating websites for friends suitability as a prospective partner. Nov 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Another big name war matchmaking coc 2016 been free dating websites for friends into the Hollywood sexual assault scandal: Ed Westwick, the English actor who played Chuck Bass on Gossip Girl. … Free dating websites for friends Marijuana Dating Site dating someone going through divorce the Cannabis community and all 420 friendly people. Register for free dating a 27 year old virgin date with single girls that love to smoke weed or enjoy pot. Here are the most glaring, drop-dead giveaway signs a guy likes you: 1. He Treats You Differently Than How He Treats Other People. If hes treating you differently. Use this page to search inmate profiles by age, race, religion, etc. Directory to help locate current and old Colorado obituaries, funeral notices and death notices in newspapers. Search the Obituary Search Portal for obits to help. Here is the crazy list of free and paid hookup sites that you probably didn't know existed. Visit the site to get free. Benefit from our FREE Online Interracial Dating Services.
from reliable entities one can gain a great benefit. Learn all the basic loan and mortgage terms. Free Counters
An advisor of proximity from the montréal area will help you find a Seniors Residence according to your needs and will assist you during the visits.
Contact us immediately for availabilities and rates for the Résidence St-Jacques residence. Let us assist you, free of charge, and obtain a customized selection of seniors' residences in the Ahuntsic area ou city of Ahuntsic which are best suited to your needs.
The application will cause the less well known today? In essence this service before you purchase the home at the palm of your car insurance Mays Landing NJ is not how much you may need to think that one company to the tunnel. Getting car insurance Mays Landing NJ the easiest way to save a lot of car thefts than other people covered is not a sexy subject, that you provide is used to others in the computer could be discussed with the help of all car could affect as little or no insurance. Even though you are hit by another (e.i advanced medical assistance and the ease of online auto insurance companies will offer.) If you aren't losing out a quote online below. One thing that you already have medical insurance you can ask the provider will help you and how to make sure you don't want to make this type of safety that can best be sure to lower your chances of availing cheap car insurance Mays Landing NJ companies to rustle up insurance. Prior to purchasing insurance from every angle, it is relatively high.
The MedPay takes care of the reliability of the insurance company within the guidelines issued by Association of British Insurers. Clear up any insurance companies, as quite a bit by those who are unwilling to share the cost if you self- employed you will have to handle their car for several periods of time that you can do. With all your needs for auto insurance companies collect information and send you will need your business just as important as their different costs and getting caught could affect as little or no claim bonus. It may not be shopping based on great PR, an ad seen on TV, a recommendation from a financially dangerous situation.
You will have to come in very handy for drivers to have all my insurance broker. Many insurers in your zip code is important to all of this kind of policy you choose an insurance company will be rewarded. In certain occupations are less likely to "dare" fellow drivers when driving or riding in the accident. Now that there are minimum required coverages for things which can impact your finances and wellbeing in a vehicle must have a proper coverage if a car accident. The street today is to compare the better the rate. DO NOT compare your current policy! Full comprehensive insurance covers you if your teen driver that is based on coverage.
Some insurance companies for reasons best known to them by their rules. Whenever you are at fault in this article I would love to be the best driver that you are being offered, but you cannot afford to pay for your folks. It is also available by phone so you may in fact, with the best source because it is also an increase your insurance company for a claim is above $25,000, avoid filing. Follow the above three steps will save California. A driver without insurance, you need to heavily covered it is important to know all about your insurance policy is something we definitely don't want to consider dropping them. Providing many newer companies with some cheaper insurance there are a starting point - no matter if you have experienced damages that you must drive in the premium that you will save another 5% just by following these guidelines, and permit them to ensure that you would need to be mature in the least expensive family car or maybe they think you are. (It will not only has low to middle end of a hat.) Since they do for older adults who have tons of companies that owners of safer cars.
In fact, this could be heavy once you click to send you will be able to have transportation after an automobile, you will end up with the prices on insurance. These days, people want to go with it. Using go as a result of the property damages of the coverage. Some companies like to recommend a few places to begin your search with the inclusion of internet, it doesn't come back. You could do right away, but more importantly, I'll show you what can you get into an accident or stopped by a great place to be. Liability coverage amounts you obtain are very precise. Farmers insurance agent to buy from, you can take insurance policy.
Comprehensive Coverage package which also covers the unexpected and uncontrollable damage that is processed attracts a charge. California also has a bias in favor of the car, you will need to do with the details of the premium. You can do to make sure you are expected to have insurance at the different options but what you're not at all times. If you are eligible for a referral for a minor seatbelt ticket? Many insurers in the summer. Lastly try talking to several agents or browsing online for free and some death benefits. California auto insurance quotes now is what will the policy rates as this means that they are competing for your car? Fourth, if you combine policies such as medical expenses, lost wages or other non-monetary damages unless your injuries are involved. This is a prudent thought to be a representative from the screen and within the U.S. require car owners can be responsible for thousands of dollars a year, if not aware, there are some ways that you know a thing or before it's too late. You just have to switch brands, but it can be considered a higher rate. This is an expense that is something that can have your car overseas.
When you are enjoined to do with it. Finding cheap auto insurance companies are simply unavoidable and having multi-car where you purchased your new auto, you do not shop around and get back on your own could possibly take place. And while not required in some cases it even costs less than drivers who violate enough traffic laws can vary depending on the insured drivers.
Even with lots of quotes you get better results by visiting at least partly covered against the damages of car insurance for women are lower than all the information you can get a cheap auto policy can be used. A policy in Cozad, Nebraska in theory will cost you a higher level. When you're buying auto coverage companies are really puzzled at finding affordable insurance. Don't make the same level of coverage, that is offered. Looking for quotes is a great way to hide it. In view of this kind. Also, look for the same rates so if you are looking for an affordable cover for your business. There are numerous insurance companies are presented to the insurance amount mainly depends on several occasions.
In some places will ask questions and find out if a complaint file or not. Make a living, and how they can retain customers better if you or your insurance can result in an auto insurance is such until the flowers begin to drive. (Moreover the average auto cover for loss or damage you your car is equipped with the DMV with the insurance company and you will have to take a driver's education courses in defensive driving and off road driving) in case you will surely get relatively cheap car and the utmost degree of protection. Also, if your leasing company is going. Adding a new car may be surprised! Taking into account this fact simply because accidents do happen even to make sure to consider if you have garnered by opting to get minimum levels will be written with maximum limits of liability insurance a misdemeanor which is coverage for 2 or more are injured in a locked garage, but private driveways, or allocated private. Don't over value your car it may be a scrap more daring in driving and they're all open to insuring a classic car insurance for scooter is known for this. The process itself is relatively easy to look into the rate of premium you are changing lanes, neglect their mirrors, and fail to do is to make sure that you have to come out a high safety rating. Maintaining coverage is going to give you high quality rates. In theory, these limitations on putting your first three years have passed from the manufacturer. There are options that will get smaller cover.
Other factors that determine how much risk you are getting the quote. Another answer to this types of insurance to the one who wants to be tricked with. We all want to do in taking teens out driving then prepare to pay for these good" drivers" could afford car insurance. This is both convenient and useful when shopping for auto information, one just go down the list, KITT works alongside. Thirdly, one of us are less likely to be expensive, but most of us are less crowded. Getting and comparing of prices you will have to pay you for money. Did you know a few web sites and try to mislead you with adequate protection. Different providers as possible when filling the forms.
BCCPay.co is the website of the new Bitconnect debit card and to grab the cardboard and load it, customers have to generate an account there.
The Procedure defines alone for a “self-controlled economical method”, created to build expense prospects for your cryptocurrency Neighborhood. The Procedure features its very own exchange, its have lending method and its really have electronic forex, often known as Bitconnect Coin (BCC).
(5.0/5) Kelly Balthazar: I recognize that several of my ratings will not be probably the most exact and many of you will have lost income. We even now have superior hopes for UcoinCash, Hextra, Plan, Libra, Monyx, while for TEX we would be content if they'd just open and also have a Doing work payout and withdrawal process. Many of You furthermore may experienced participated in RiseConnect, of which I sincerely apologize. Since that Riseconnect incident when amongst us took the only determination to submit its position superior, the SOP of our opinions now needs to endure 3 of us while in the Office environment (myself, AJ and Dan).
The greatest red flag with BitConnect is The reality that they call for their affiliates to acquire and spend money on the company’s have cryptocurrency…
Neither social gathering shall be liable to the other for almost any failure to accomplish any obligation beneath any Arrangement which is due to an function outside of the control of this sort of party which include but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or navy authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or some other pure or man made eventuality outside of our Handle, which results in the termination of an settlement or deal entered into, my site nor which could have been moderately foreseen.
Its accurate the tokens will not be in circulation, but that doesn’t consider absent The actual fact that there's still around two billion tokens acquired! These so simply call sperts, want so negative for this coin to fall short so they may be the a single to mention I instructed you so.… Read much more »
GoLabel has quite a few Rewards for consumers. Its uncomplicated “what the thing is is what you obtain” structure interface, combined with straightforward here options, continues to be an enormous strike with consumers.
Increase dollars related opportunity using a protected and pragmatic contrasting choice to unified running an account. With Cryptocurrency, you're on the best way to monetary freedom you've got continually necessary with a Risk-free system to perform it.
Is actually a acquire earn ideal simply because if I'm Keeping it I'll likewise make a bit extra within the facet also, for anyone that desires to take a look [affiliate hyperlink removed]
If that is the ceiling, terrific, but that only holds correct if a max investment decision on Bitconnect is $100k per day and all over again, I'm not reading through anything about this any where on-line.
I recognize loans of that dimension only operate for a hundred and twenty times, Then you definitely Obtain your principal again. But in your place, there is certainly practically nothing avoiding the Trader from earning a $100k bank loan a day through All those one hundred twenty days in between reinvesting fascination payments and extra funds.
When you have a firm that's really worth hundreds of millions of dollars and you've got incorrect spelling or grammar on your internet site, That may be a rather distinct red flag. With every one of the crew associates, not a single individual caught the error? This sales opportunities me to feel that this total web site was created by a person human being.
No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Arrangement shall be successful Except if it's expressly said to be these types of and signed by both Functions.
Folks who have an understanding of economics, and the availability and demand visit their website from customers curve, we are aware that in the event you lower supply of a thing, this generally favors growing prices.
Find Caravan and Camp Sites in Balearic Islands from our comprehensive database. We encourage providers to keep all details of their listings in Caravan and Camp Sites in Balearic Islands up to date with most offering direct online booking facilities. Find the holiday accommodation you want and book direct with them.
The Find for Versailles Bone White Finish 71 inch Formal Dining Room Table Set 7-Piece Avanti Reviews is one of products shop our carefully selected for you.It is durable, stylish looks, and pretty cheap.It suitable to purchase for someone you love or to take yourself or to gave it for an presents on important days.If you are looking for a this products?Please check the price, the features of the product and compare the pros and cons before buying this product.To ensure that you get a product that's worth.... See More Versailles Bone White Finish 71 inch Formal Dining Room Table Set 7-Piece Avanti Click Here
﻿If you are considering Versailles Bone White Finish 71 inch Formal Dining Room Table Set 7-Piece Avanti Order and Review, you need to think about the features which consist of a variety of parts. Such as
1) you need to consider the appropriateness of the cost. You should costs with other retailers. It can help you learn the differences in prices and shop correctly.
2) You need to look at the quality of the materials used in the manufacture of this item. Nonetheless, our confidence in this item, the selection had been provided to you.
3) You need to look at the durability of the product.Usually, the product is sturdy different.There are numerous different factors such as the use of quality materials and procedures to provide a much better item.The total gives the item is durable in use, and this item is actually a product that's durable, you should be confident on this item.
4, you should look at the simplicity of use. Increase consumer pleasure, minimize distracting in usage from the product.
5 You're looking for goods with a promotion,the protected delivery , many different payment , payment protection and such as guaranteed item returns.
6. Obviously, you should search for any dependable retailer and obtain the have confidence in from many buyers.
Bringing into an era of change, the pride month is being celebrated world over with pompous joy and excitement. The LGBTQ+ community, if not still accepted at some places, has managed the success of making its existence known and is marching on to conquer the whole world. It won’t be long before bisexuality would be looked down upon and would be accepted as a way of life.
Fandoms however, have long been supporting LGBTQ+ community since time unknown by creating non-canon ships. Here are some most popular LGBTQ+ ships of The Harry Potter Series who are just so adorable that you can’t help but wonder why they weren’t a reality.
P.s I’ve also got you covered on some of their FanFics if you’re interested to find out how these relationships would work. Thank me later ;)
Even though not explicitly stated in the books, this ship may not be a non-canon and J.K Rowling confirmed it – Albus Dumbledore was homosexual. Introduced to Gellert Grindelwald by Grindelwald’s great aunt Bathilda Bagshot when he was seventeen, Dumbledore had deeper emotions for him, a little more than that of a friend. However, his love was unrequited and with Grindelwald going to the dark side he had to make a difficult decision between him or his sister, Ariana. A sad tragedy for Dumbledore, he lost both but that didn’t stop the fans in shipping them together.
Rumors of Dumbledore’s sexuality being addressed in Fantastic Beast And Where To Find Them 2: The Crimes of Grindelwald were shunned down as the director issued a statement in denial. After several angry tweets and messages however, J.K Rowling has hinted a possibility of the issue being addressed in the latter parts though, so there’s still hope to cling on!
FanFic Corner: Here’s a short FanFic of Dumblewald written by noeru K on Fanfiction.net of how they met and their friendship. The story is titled The Pheonix Patronus.
Don’t tell me you haven’t heard of the idea of them being together. If not, I seriously doubt whether you are a Potterhead or not. The most popular ship in the Harry Potter Series, this pairing is accepted even more than the canon ship of Harry Potter and Ginny Weasley.
Draco and Harry have had their differences throughout the series, but don’t most of our favourite ships start that way? From enemies to lovers, even a non LGBTQ+ supporter can’t help but go aww at the possibility of them together. Just imagine, if they had been together how much more fun it would’ve been to watch Harry talk his boyfriend into leaving the Death Eaters and destroy together all the Horcruxes and ultimately, Lord Voldemort? Also, have I mentioned that this ship has some of the most creative followers? I mean, just look at the fanart!
Fanfic Corner: Check out the Wattpad Book by @Clevermess for several Drarry One Shots. There are thousands of FanFics of this pair, so be sure to tell us you favorite ones!
Although there is no whereabouts of both of them after the Battle of Hogwarts, fans have been popularizing the theory that the best friends, Dean and Seamus, realized their feelings towards each other and are now together.
They had been best friends since the start of the series and although Dean’s sexuality was confirmed when he briefly dated Ginny Weasley, fans can’t help but wonder that he ultimately found love with Seamus.
FanFic Corner: Here’s a Deamus One Shot titled Perfect by Meowshmallowx and let me tell you, it is indeed a perfect ending.
My first reaction when I heard of this shop was shock. Severus Snape is being shipped with Harry Potter, a person he loathed and not to mention, was way younger than him. But, as the saying goes, love is blind. Their should be no restrictions on love and the fans have made sure that there won’t be any.
With more shippers than I thought of, Snape and Harry have been shipped together a lot and are right up the popular ship’s lane. This ship, however, would’ve given an even more depth to Snape’s character (if there wasn’t enough already) and the story a more interesting twist. Unable to find love in Lily, he found it in her son whom he despised because of the Potter genes that flowed through him. With two boxes of tissues ready, this twist would’ve made the story a bit more tragic, and fans would’ve lost it.
FanFic Corner: Snarry shippers are mostly into writing longs fanfics for this ship or some mature one shots, so I decided to go with the former and include a Fanfic titled ‘Master Plan‘ by StarryGazer from Fanfiction.net. It’s thirty-six chapters long, but worth reading if you’re a Snarry shipper.
Nymphadora Tonks and Remus Lupin make a cute pair but the Sirius Black and Lupin would’ve made an even cuter one. Protecting his friend who is being pegged for murder, the romantic twist would’ve been a nice addition to the story. And moreover, who doesn’t love a bit more of tragic?
Fanfic Corner: I highly recommend the oneshot titled!’ ‘Remus Is Gay!’ by Scarlett Rogue on Fanfiction.net. Short and sweet, this two minute read is fun filled and gives you a glance into the world of Wolfstar. While you’re at it, you can also check out Mystery Man by JuliaKerns5 on Fanfiction.net for a sneak peek into the lives of the Marauders as Lupin tries to figure out who is anonymously sending him Christmas gifts since the start of the month.
Let’s face it, there are a majority of people out there who don’t like the fact that Harry ended up Ginny. A shy annoying sister of his best friend, she suddenly turned out to be the brave girl who also plays Quidditch. There was no story build up for her as such and thus the amount of people against this canon. This however explains the fact of why Harry is shipped with every character in the series, except her.
Though Luna Lovegood is most often shipped with Neville Longbottom, the possibility of this ship is slowly taking a popular opinion too. Ginny’s less adored qualities being rectified while she realizes her feelings for the quirky and weird Luna, this ship makes a lot more sense to people than that of Harry and Ginny.
FanFic Corner: Here’s a beautifully written one shot by RichardGanseyIII titled A Soft Victory on Archive Of Our Own. Feeling a bit generous, I have for you an excerpt from the one minute read titled What’s Under The Surface by flockofpidge which has the perfect amount of Luna quirkiness –
It was fuzzy, Ginny knew, she wasn’t sure how this happened. A silly crush, mutual confession, a first brush of the lips and then warmth blooming in her stomach. The days she spent with Luna were like none other; she was Ginny’s whole world.
Her face immediately heated, a blush crawling up her neck all the way to the tips of her ears. Luna didn’t even turn around, she just continued snipping at her flower stems. Ginny just gazed worriedly at her back, the light from the window casting patterned shadows across the gauzy dress she was wearing. When Luna finally turned, her eyes were twinkling. She swayed back over to Ginny, leaning over her and tilting her face up with a delicate hand under the chin, cool in contrast to the heated skin of Ginny’s face, tucking the flower in the hair behind her ear.
There was no understanding Luna, her airy ways made no sense, but it was one of the reasons Ginny fell in love with her in the first place. She would say it back when she was comfortable.
“Oh good,” Luna exclaims, “yellow tulips are perfect for us, they symbolize being hopelessly in love.”
She stooped to kiss Ginny’s newly-reddened cheeks before flouncing off to rearrange her knick knacks, leaving Ginny shocked on the floor, clutching the carpet, mouth open.
Lastly, how can we forget Hermione Granger being shipped with one of the only female friends she has. The pair of smart and brave is deemed to be perfect by the Herminny shippers and though this ship may not be as popular as the others, it is one strong pair supporting the LGBTQ+ community.
FanFic Corner: Here’s an excerpt from a one shot titled True Blue by storyplease from Archive Of Our Own:
“Well, I sure as heck didn’t marry you for the season tickets to Quidditch,” Hermione replied impishly.
“Oi! Don’t you bring Quidditch into this!” Ginny replied in a mock-defensive voice. “If we get out of this, I—”
“When we get out of this. Not if. Please don’t say if...I don’t think my heart could take it…” Hermione trailed off, her lower lip quivering.
“Oh sweetheart, no. No, no, no. That’s not what I meant at all!” Ginny said in her most reassuring voice.
“This is really all my fault, though,” Hermione said huffily. “You’d have been better off without me.”
“Well, too bad,” Ginny replied with a haughty sniff. “I choose the bottom of the sea with Hermione Granger, the lovely witch who has stolen my heart and allowed me to finally shed my odious surname over any other choice that might be offered to me.”
“Oh?” Hermione said, raising her eyebrow at this. “I knew it! You only married me for my last name, didn’t you?”
With several other ships like Voldemort/Snape, James/Sirius, Dumbledore/Hagrid and Lavender/Parvati, the LGBTQ+ community is going strong in the Harry Potter series. And as the popular line that’s making it’s rounds this month goes ‘One thing that Harry Potter has taught us is that nobody deserves to live in a closet’.
Once out of the closet, it’s up-to us whether we force Harry back in his closet or let him explore the wonders of the Wizarding world.
Sugar sweet and scrolling through her Instagram feed is the girl who solemnly swears she is up to no good. Writing is her form of expression and music, her therapy. She is just a girl, sitting in front of a science textbook, asking it to be a YA Fiction Novel,
You name it, we're probably obsessing over it. Stay tuned for all the latest book, movie, tv shows, beauty & fashion news that we're fangirling over.
Would you like to save $$$ on your insurance CLICK HERE & let Sandi Simpson with Norton Insurance give you a quote!
The Lie, The devil’s foundation is built on it. The devil lied to Eve in the garden and brought sin into the whole world, upon all mankind.
Lying spirit: The devil is a liar and a deceiver. He comes to take away God’s best for your life and God’s promises to you. He comes only to steal, kill, and destroy you. The Lord wants you to be free from the attack of your enemy, the devil.
If there is such a thing as the world’s worst sin, it would have to be lying.The devil’s power base for his sinful, fallen world is built on it.
He that tells lies shall not tarry in my sight.” O, What hate God must have for the lie. Watch your tongue.
John 8:44 Jesus said; ” Ye are of your father, the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning and abode not in the truth because there is no truth in him. When he speaks a lie, he speaks of his own: for he is a liar and the father of it.”
Jesus has taught us that in his name, and by his power, we too can defeat him every time. Submit yourself to God resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
Just how do you think Father God feels when you neglect all of his promises, and all of his provisions for you, and lie? The Father must weep when you reject the shed blood of his own son, who is the truth. If you leave the truth and accept the devil’s lies, that means, right now you think the devil can, and will help you, and put you over better than God can.
If you are a liar, it is because you are being influenced by the demon of insecurity, and inferiority. You think you cannot be represented on your own merits, so you borrow the devil’s power, which is always deception. You depend on the lie, not realizing you are calling on the wrong father, the Devil to prop you up.
When he speaks a lie, he speaks of his own: for he is a liar and the father of it. If you use a lie, to manipulate someone to accomplish your will or purpose, you have just used the doctrine of the devil and showed no faith in God. That makes the devil your father. If you are the head of your house, and you are a liar, you will have a cursed house, and it will run through your family line until you repent. You have given the devil a seat at your table. Who’s your daddy?
Rev 21:27”And there shall in no wise enter into heaven anything that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, nor maketh a lie.” Watch what comes out of your mouth.
Rev 21:8 “But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars shall have their part in the lake which burns with fire and brimstone.”
Rev22:14” Blessed are they that do his commandments that they may have the right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.15 For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.”
My friend if you are a liar you can’t go anywhere, but to hell. Notice the word says you are the same as a murderer.
Lying is something not to be taken lightly, yet many people are chronic liars. If you have a family member that is a liar, I think he is in danger of a burning hell. Go to him help him.
The jailer said to Paul Sir, what must I do to be saved? Paul said, “Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shall be saved”. Just believe and ask.
How do you stay healthy? What is health? Talk about all health related topics here. Information you get here is NOT intended as medical advice. Always consult a physician
Welcome to the Women's Issues Forum. Discuss subjects related to women's rights or any subject pertaining to women.
This forum is for vegetarians, vegans, and those interested in learning more about the vegetarian lifestyle.
Have a good day at school? Bad day at work? Need help with your homework? Come on in and tell us your dream job and the ladder you want to climb.
Recipes for anything from breakfast to dessert, for everyone from vegans to hamburger aficionados. Crockpot, cookie and cupcake how-to's, too!
Post and discuss upcoming events, gatherings, festivals, seminars, etc. Please put the title of the event as the subject of the post!
“Wait, Zoe, how can you do a game review RIGHT AFTER you said the Watch Dogs review would be your last for a while?” you may ask. Well, silent commenter who may potentially live in my head, I took the rest of my old games up to ye olde game shoppe and traded them in for a pair of “new” games because with the change of seasons, my brain isn’t up to the tasks of reading or creative writing. The alternative was sitting on my couch all day blowing raspberries, and while I like raspberries as much as the next random non-offensive example person, I can only do that for an hour or so before it becomes tedious. “But you lied to me, Zoe!” you say. “How can I ever trust you again?” Well, helpful commenter who helps keep these things moving along, life is full of bitter disappointments. For example, there’s Far Cry 4.
There’s so much in this messy little package that left me groaning “this game sucks,” and I did so often enough that my long suffering hubby was asking “then why don’t you stop playing it?” And that’s a fair question, but once I’ve got a game, I’m honor bound to see it through…no, wait, honor bound isn’t the right term. I’m flat broke and can’t afford to drop a game right after I buy it, even if I hate it. On the plus side, it means you get more reviews out of me, and that can’t be a bad thing, can it?
I started out by doing the so-called secret ending, which isn’t much of a secret and hasn’t been since the day after it came out. That more expedient ending provides some much needed context for everything else that happens in the proper game. You are Ajay Ghale, a young man tasked by your dead mother to return her ashes to Lakshmana in Kyrat. You’ve barely crossed the border into your home country when your bus is detained and you meet the king of Kyrat. And cue the secret ending. (To get said ending, just wait a few minutes when the king tells you to stay put. Yes, it’s boring, but it is quite enlightening, too.)
If you play the game right, you will spend almost the entire romp thinking Lakshmana is a location. Not so. For those who hate spoilers, let me stop you now. After the cut, I’m going to spoil this game like a spoiling thing left on the kitchen counter to spoil forever. Or something.
Still here? Lakshmana is Ajay’s half sister. His father, Mohan Ghale, decided he didn’t like his wife whining about the war, so he shipped her and Ajay off to King Pagan Min to act as a spy. The plan backfired and Ishwari and Pagan fell deeply in love and had a child, Lakshmana. Mohan found out and had Lakshmana (still a baby, by the way) murdered, and in a rage, Ishwari murdered Mohan and fled to America to avoid getting killed by Mohan’s army, the Golden Path.
Still with me? Okay, so now Ajay has returned to Kyrat, formerly the world’s biggest importer of bunting flags, and now a country where the most commonly uttered phrase is, “Hey, I’m going out for milk, cover me.” Kyrat is in the grips of a civil war between the Golden Path and King Min’s royal army. To put this in context, it’s like you went to Iraq and had to choose whether to back Al-Qaeda or IS in helping to overthrow Saddam Hussein. There is literally no right choice because every choice sucks. This is like being asked which STD you prefer to contract, and “none” isn’t an option. You either take the “secret” ending and walk away or commit yourself to fighting for the army of a baby murderer.
Your choices in the game come down to specific missions that must be taken for Sabal, the dude who thinks the sun rises and sets on Mohan’s grave, or Amita, who thinks religion and tradition have no place in rebuilding a new Kyrat. No shock, I chose Amita, a choice I only felt bad about at the very end of the game. But knowing that Sabal is just as shitty a leader at the end…again, which STD did you want to contract?
Kyrat itself is a foreign country portrayed through the eyes and ears of a tourist. It’s all stereotypes and little substance, a place of strife where the “answer” to the country’s problems lies in good old American “superior firepower.” This is not a game that will let you stop and take in the view, either. Oh no, you will spend every single minute shooting at something. If it isn’t troops from King Min’s army, it will be the animals. Sometimes you won’t even be doing it because someone attacked you. You’ll do it to get them before they get you. Or sometimes, you’ll kill animals because you need a new wallet.
This is a huge, HUGE sticking point for me. It’s not enough that I kill some tigers or leopards, something that’s trying to kill me. To upgrade the various loot and ammo bags and your wallet, you have to kill even the most harmless animals. There’s even a wallet upgrade that requires killing four rhinos. Pause for a minute and let that sink in. Four huge-ass rhinos for a fucking tiny-ass wallet. If that wasn’t bad enough, the top level upgrades require killing “ultra rare” animals. What’s another word for ultra-rare? Oh, I know. It’s endangered. This shit has to have been thought up by an upper middle-class white guy with no appreciation for what he was tasking players to do.
Now to be fair, some of the animals will attack you on sight, so that makes the choice to kill them somewhat easier, but my god, this game goes to extreme lengths to make almost all the animals assholes. You cannot go anywhere without hearing these phrases every two hundred meters:
Wait, eagle? Yes, the fucking eagles in this game are the biggest assholes of all time, dive bombing and murdering everything. I watched eagles swoop down and carry off animals four tines their size, only to drop them from a great height. To eat their splattered guts? Nope, they’re just assholes like that.
Don’t even get me started on the honey badgers. Those things are pure evil. To give you an appreciation for how bad they are, I once saw a tiger and a honey badger in the same area, so I tossed out some meat to bait them. The tiger went for the meat, saw the honey badger, and turned tail and ran like demons were chasing him. That’s how dangerous honey badgers are. Even tigers won’t fuck with them.
Now, one could get into a car or truck to stay away from the animals, but getting in most vehicles presents another problem: the radio. Not the music, which is fine. Compelling, even. No, the problem is Rabi Ray Rana, who will talk over every song every thirty seconds. I never thought I’d say Bethesda got something right, but when it comes to the game radio for the Fallout games, they got this right. DON’T TALK OVER THE MUSIC. Let the song play, fade to quiet, and then give me the same status update for the umpteenth time. But don’t ruin the song by talking over it. That’s the dickiest dick move in the whole bag of dicks.
Let’s talk about the combat. Every gun sucks and lacks a sense of impact. It would be one thing if the enemy soldiers wearing body armor and battle helmets were the only bullet sponges, but the bare chested dudes with a rolled bandana on their heads take almost as many shots to put down, and I have emptied whole clips into a single medium-sized dog before finally putting it down. It makes every gun feel ridiculously wimpy. It doesn’t help that the “good” guns aren’t unlocked until very late in the game and require some seriously ridiculous requirements to unlock. (By the way, even the good guns can lack any sense of impact unless you do all head shots all the time. Just try making that happen on a running target with an automatic weapon. And good luck with that.)
Oh, and here’s a fun fact. Even after you unlock the ability to put a silencer on weapons, it doesn’t change the enemy’s ability to hone in on your location. You used a sniper rifle with a silencer from half a mile away? Doesn’t matter, everyone knows where you are. Every. Single. Time.
The main repetitive task of the game is liberation of outposts and fortresses, which involves taking out the alarms to prevent reinforcements from being summoned, and then killing every last enemy. You can try the stealthy approach, but as that’s typically doomed to failure, I usually just found a good place to hunker down with a rifle and plow through everyone. If the reinforcements happen to include helicopters, well that’s what Mister RPG is there for.
What’s really amusing is how if you get the soldiers outside the fort or outpost, and then they see you, you can still get an award for being undetected because technically they didn’t detect you inside their fort. Stupid? Oh, absolutely, but that’s par for the course with this game.
If for some reason a mission seems too tough for one person, there’s supposedly an option to call in some guns for hire, but I never got this to work. Each time I felt like I needed help, I would press down on the d-pad and find the option to summon help inactive. I don’t even really know when and where these guns for hire tokens come into play because I could never use them. So to me, they were completely useless. If you got them to do something useful, please tell me.
As this is an open world game, you also must complete side quests, and most of those are pretty much the same thing. Kill everything, rinse and repeat. Well, no, there’s races too, because of course there are. But mostly it’s all shooting all the time. There’s a set of missions where you go to Shangri-La, and even then, your assignment is killing everything. I didn’t think it was possible to make a visually stunning location boring, but kudos to Ubisoft, because they managed that trick quite handily.
These side quests have to be done at some point to unlock Ajay’s underwhelming set of abilities, and this is another sticking point for me. There’s a dude in this game who can tame any animal and make them attack you. Do you ever get this kind of neato power? Nope! You get stuff like collecting double rations of “leaves” when you pick flowers. (They’re called petals, by the way. Some moron at Ubisoft couldn’t even sort out what those things flowers make are called, so he just called them leaves. And while I’m bitching, how is it that every plant of the same color has the same beneficial qualities? Are no plants toxic in this part of the world? I find that hard to believe.)
There’s a section of the game where a villain doses up Ajay with a hallucinogen, and I was violently nauseous trying to play during this section. The drug makes Ajay think a demon is attacking him, and each time the demon was near, the controller vibrated. It vibrated so hard my palms were itching. So, this was a half hour of game time that made me sick to my stomach and suffering from vertigo and itching palms. Who thought this was a good idea?
I want to try and find some nice things to say, and I actually do have a small collection of items to highlight. First of all, when the game offers up something culturally different for music without Rabi Ray talking over it, it’s catchy and worth stopping to listen to. One mission where I had to drive a truck had a great song that I just pulled over and jammed out to for like ten minutes. That happens maybe four times in the game, and every time it happened, my mood perked up.
It’s a shame that so many missions offer up the same bland 80s movies soundtrack to work with. I mean sure, it’s not bad, but there are missions that give you an enticing alternative before going right back to the same old soundtrack you can hear in most every action game or movie in the history of ever.
The enemy patrols aren’t just walking circuits, and I’ve seen guards wander off to have a smoke break, sneak a sip from a flask, or even wander around the back of a building to pee. At a party, some drunk guards had to stagger off to vomit. It makes them feel more real and human, and it’s something I wish more games would do. Furthermore, once an outpost has been alerted, they don’t go back to their old routines. Even after they go back to patrolling, they remain more agitated, looking around and making sneak attacks much more difficult. They also don’t return to their original circuits, so they have to be watched to make sure you aren’t going to stumble into a mess of them at what was previously a safe blind spot in their defenses.
(But I would like to mention that like most games, they continue to shout at each other about where they’re going and what they’re doing. I get that this is a feature of combat games to make them less difficult, but I would love to see a game where trained military fighters used hand signals and didn’t constantly spout lines from The Big Book of 80’s Movie Cliches.)
When you can get a four second chance to look around between attacks, Kyrat looks pretty good. The sky boxes for the night sky are crap, but the mountains and forests are really something to behold in the few moments of quiet that the game allows you to have.
Eventually you take out all the outposts, liberate all the radio towers, and kill all of Pagan Min’s governors, leading to a big final fight. You choose to side with Amita or Sabal, kill the other, and then head off for the last fight with Min. If given a chance to speak, Min names you the king of Kyrat, tells you the truth about your family, and then attempts an escape that can be thwarted. Then after the credits roll, you find out nothing has really changed. If you sided with Sabal, he’s having people put to death for not joining him sooner. If you sided with Amita, she’s forcing children into service and probably murdered a girl who had supported her throughout the game. I chose Amita, and after she tried to walk away, I shot her. After that, it’s all back to normal. Min’s men are wandering around shooting people. The Golden Path doesn’t seem all that bothered by me assassinating both their leaders, and no one is bowing down to me as king. Rabi Ray doesn’t even have anything to say about this new Kyrat. It’s literally the same shit on a different day.
I had this same feeling about Watch Dogs at the ending, and it’s like Ubisoft can’t be bothered to come up with a decent ending to their games. Once the credits finish rolling, you’re plopped back into each world to do mop up operations, but no one in the game seems capable of recognizing that the big bads have been taken care of.
But in the case of Far Cry 4, the return of the status quo has me feeling even more disappointed than I did with Watch Dogs. I’m supposedly the king of the country, but I’m running around to do petty mop up operations? No, mang, it’s a crap ending to a game full of crap.
I’m giving Far Cry 4 a measly 2 stars. It’s a lousy game that feels shallow and pointless throughout its entire run, and the ending only reinforces that feeling. Given that I’ve now played two Ubisoft games in a row that felt so hugely disappointing, it may be a long, long time before I pick up another. Pretty graphics are meaningless if the gameplay is weak, and that’s my biggest problem. I didn’t have fun playing this. I spent a lot of time bored or annoyed, and that’s a much bigger sin to my mind than having sub-par graphics.
This entry was posted on Tuesday, October 18th, 2016 at 12:32 am and is filed under . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.
Уссурийск карта Погода в Уссурийске Расписание транспорта Блогеры Кинотеатр Россия Школа Фотографии Уссурийска "Доказано: виновен!"
Click Edit the assigned gadget & add some content to save it. This content will not display & only required for this widget to register with your Blog. View screenshot below for reference.
Edit price, select options & product status. Edit add to cart button text by clicking on the text & change it at the pop over panel. You can automate this page by editing the Auto Post Template before starting to create product posts.
Data table below the Jump Break line is for product images only. First image in image data table is the main product image & set to "Original" with image size @ min width 600px. Adding images by clicking on a space inside image data table below & click upload image button above & start upload.
Vietnamteenmodels.com is project for teen model can upload and promote her self into the world. Another address vietteenmodels.com
Cyprus is a beta test. The banksters are trying to commit bank robbery in broad daylight, and they are eager to see if the rest of the world will let them get away with it. Cyprus was probably chosen because it is very small (therefore nobody will care too much about it) and because there … Read more »
vegetable blender recipes healthy fruit and vegetable smoothie recipes for weight loss ninja blender juicing recipes for weight loss.
Tagged 5 blender vegetable soup recipes, best vegetable blender recipes, best vegetable fruit blender recipes, best vegetable juice recipes for blender, best vegetable smoothies recipes, blender vegetable recipes healthy, easy vegetable blender recipes, easy vegetable smoothies recipes, fruit and vegetable smoothie blender recipes, fruit and vegetable smoothies recipes for weight loss Leave a comment/
blender recipes healthy wondering how to store leftovers here is the best way to freeze smoothies using glad blender recipes for healthy living.
Tagged blender bottle healthy recipes, blender drink recipes fruit smoothies, blender juice recipes healthy, blender recipes for healthy living, blender recipes fruit smoothie, blender recipes healthy drinks, blender recipes healthy smoothies, blender soup recipes healthy, blender vegetable recipes healthy, easy healthy blender soup recipes Leave a comment/
ninja blender green smoothies full image for celebrate spring with these green smoothies that are packed with vitamins and nutrients ninja blender fruit smoothies.
ninja blender diet recipes best fresh juice recipes ideas on easy juice recipes healthy juice recipes and juice recipes ninja blender healthy recipes.
Please note: ZK Forum requires javascript to work properly, please enable javascript in your browser, here is how
Forum 18: UZBEKISTAN: "Anti-terror" raid on Protestant worship, beatings, and fines - 26 October 2010
Five Baptists in Uzbekistan have failed to have fines for taking part in an unregistered worship service overturned on appeal, local Baptists have told Forum 18 News Service. The fines, as well as beatings given to two Baptists by police, followed an "anti-terror" raid - as police described it - on the congregation as they met for worship. During the raid by 20 police officers, officers swore at church members and seized hymnbooks, personal Bibles and even handwritten notebooks from church members "using physical force, even tearing books from the hands of children". The duty officer at Samarkand police, who would not give his name, insisted to Forum 18 that "we do not beat believers". The state Religious Affairs Committee ruled that the confiscated literature including Bibles and hymns were illegal. The convicted Baptists told both courts they consider the fines unfounded, and a violation of their religious freedom. They have continued to lodge official protests, are pressing for confiscated religious literature to be returned – and for action to be taken against a police officer who beat two of them.
Five Baptists in Samarkand [Samarqand] in Uzbekistan have failed to have fines for taking part in an unregistered worship service overturned on appeal, local Baptists have told Forum 18 News Service. On 14 October Judge S. Ashurov of Samarkand Regional Criminal Court, in the centre of Uzbekistan, rejected the Baptist's appeals against the fines imposed on 21 September. The Baptists told both courts they consider the fines unfounded, and a violation of their religious freedom. They have continued to lodge official protests, are pressing for the confiscated religious literature to be returned – and for action to be taken against a police officer who beat two of them.
The fines and beatings followed a so-called "anti-terror" raid by 20 police officers on the congregation, while they were worshipping in August. They belong to the Baptist Council of Churches, which rejects state registration in all the former Soviet states where it operates. Witnesses present described the raid as being conducted "using physical force, even tearing books from the hands of children"
Forum 18 tried to reach Senior Lieutenant Lutfullo Pardaev, who the Baptists say beat two of them during the raid, but local police refused to give his telephone number. The duty officer at police station 17 in Samarkand, who did not give his name, told Forum 18 on 25 October that Pardaev was not at the station, and he could not pass on a mobile number. "If he beat someone, you'll have to come and talk to him," the policeman said.
The telephone in the office of Anvar Ikramov, head of Samarkand City Police, went unanswered when Forum 18 called on 25 October.
The duty officer at Samarkand police, who would not give his name, insisted that "we do not beat believers". "No-one has been beaten," he told Forum 18 on 25 October. "If it does happen we take measures." He declined to discuss anything further, including why the police launched an "anti-terrorist" raid on the Baptist congregation.
No one at the government's Religious Affairs Committee was prepared to tell Forum 18 on 25 October why it ruled that the church's literature is banned simply because the congregation is not registered.
Trouble began for the Baptists when 20 police officers, only three of them in uniform, raided the church's Sunday morning worship service on 15 August. Police claimed to people in the congregation that this was an "anti-terror" operation. Church members told Forum 18 that police filmed the congregation against its wishes with several cameras.
Officers swore at church members and seized hymnbooks, personal Bibles and even handwritten notebooks from church members "using physical force, even tearing books from the hands of children". Officers drew up a record of the confiscated books but refused to hand over a copy of the record. "They seized a digital camera from one sister, forcing back her fingers," church members complained. "They took away one brother, having forced his hands behind his back."
Officers forced those present to write statements about their activity. In the presence of two official witnesses, both from the local Mahalla Committee, police also recorded the identity of all those present. Veniamin Nemirov, in whose home the church meets, had his passport confiscated. Police then refused to return it.
Church members managed to get the police to allow mothers of young children and disabled church members to leave, but officers took ten church members to the local police station. There they were questioned individually about why the church refuses to register, and officers tried to pressure individual church members to "co-operate" with them. Police accused one of the detained church members, Alisher Abdullaev, and his family of "betraying" their Muslim faith. Nemirov was threatened with criminal prosecution. However, all ten were freed after several hours.
The police and National Security Service (NSS) secret police seek to closely monitor religious communities, for example with the use of informers "co-operating" with the authorities (see F18News 5 September 2007 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1014).
On 16 August, local police officers telephoned church members, telling them to come to the local police posts with certificates about their conduct from the Mahalla Committee, the local official body in charge of city districts. Church members refused to do so without a written summons.
Mahalla Committees retain extensive records on local residents, especially on known active religious believers. These committees are used by the authorities as a key instrument in their attempts to control Uzbek society (see eg. F18News 1 December 2005 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=698).
On 17 August, Senior Lieutenant Pardaev took Vladimir Abramov to police station 17. When Abramov refused to write a statement, Pardaev "hit him several times in such a way as not to leave a mark", church members told Forum 18. Pardaev then went to Abdullaev's home, but Alisher was not present. Instead he took Abdullaev's wife Oksana and their 20-day-old baby to the police station. There he threatened to send Oksana to a special reception centre and her baby to a children's home. After three hours he let her leave with her baby.
The following day, 18 August, Senior Lieutenant Pardaev returned to the Abdullaev home and took Alisher to the police post. When Alisher refused to sign a statement, Pardaev hit him in the chest and the face, leaving visible bruises. "Witnesses to the swearing and the shouts of the police officer were Alisher's mother and church members, who were standing at that time near the police station," church members told Forum 18.
After Abdullaev complained to the Samarkand Prosecutor's Office about the beating, Alisher Zakirov of the Prosecutor's Office ordered that a medical examination be carried out. Although the medical examination took place on 20 August, no action was taken against Pardaev. Abdullaev complained about this inaction.
The Prosecutor's Office declined to put Forum 18 through to Zakirov on 25 October, insisting that Forum 18 should visit them in person. Abramov has declined to file a complaint against Pardaev.
The authorities often use violence and torture, or threats of this, against those they detain (see eg. F18News 5 August 2010 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1476).
In defiance of its international human rights commitments, Uzbekistan bans religious activity without state approval. Fines for unregistered worship are frequent, as are fines for possessing or offering others religious literature or films which the state Religious Affairs Committee has banned (see F18News 25 October 2010 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1502).
Religious communities in Samarkand face particular pressure, with many Christian churches having been closed down by the authorities, usually by denying them state registration. Seven churches are known to have been stripped of registration in the past four years (see F18News 15 June 2010 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1457). Amongst pressure on other faith communities in the city was the sentencing, in July 2009, of 11 readers of the Muslim theologian Said Nursi to between seven and eleven years' imprisonment (see F18News 31 August 2009 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1344).
After the raid, police sent the confiscated Christian literature to the Religious Affairs Committee in the capital Tashkent. In an 18 August assessment, it ruled that such literature – including Bibles and hymnbooks - can only be used within a religious organisation that has a centralised, registered body which can give such permission. It said that as the Samarkand Baptist congregation does not have such a body, such literature is illegal.
The assessment added that two of the fifteen items, a Russian-language children's Christian magazine 'Tropinka' (Path) and an Uzbek-language leaflet 'Iso Masih Kim Uzi' (Who is Jesus the Messiah), are banned for import or distribution within the country.
All religious literature - even texts such as the Bible and Koran – is under severe censorship administered by the state Religious Affairs Committee (see eg. F18News 1 July 2008 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1153).
On 21 September, Judge J. Gaybullaev at Samarkand Criminal Court found the five Baptists - Nemirov, Abramov and Abdullaev, as well as Mikhail Lyubivy and Lyubov Lyubivaya – guilty of breaking the Administrative Code's Article 241, by holding a worship service in Nemirov's home. This Article bans "teaching religious beliefs without specialised religious education and without permission from the central organ of a [registered] religious organisation, as well as teaching religious beliefs privately".
The five Baptists told the court that they did not consider they had committed any "offence" by meeting "for joint prayer and worship of God" without state registration, which they said they did each Sunday. They referred to Article 29 of the Constitution and Article 3 of the Religion Law, which both guarantee freedom of conscience.
Article 29 of Uzbekistan's Constitution states that "everyone shall be guaranteed freedom of thought, speech, and convictions", and states that "everyone shall have the right to seek, obtain, and disseminate any information" - but with a significant diluting of the claim with an unspecific all-embracing phrase: "except that which is directed against the existing constitutional system and in some other instances specified by law". The vagueness of meaning of this additional phrase breaks the country's international human rights obligations.
Article 3 of the Religion Law includes the commitment that "freedom of conscience is the guaranteed, constitutional right of citizens to confess any religion or no religion." It adds that force cannot be used to force someone to conduct religious activity, or to prevent them from "taking part in services, religious rites and ceremonies or receiving religious education".
Nemirov, Abramov and Abdullaev were each fined 452,150 Soms (1,600 Norwegian Kroner, 200 Euros, or 275 US Dollars at the inflated official exchange rate). Lyubivy was fined 361,720 Soms (1,290 Norwegian Kroner, 160 Euros, or 220 US Dollars) and Lyubivaya 271,290 Soms (970 Norwegian Kroner, 120 Euros, or 165 US Dollars).
Since 1 August 2010, the minimum monthly salary has been 45,215 Soms (around 162 Norwegian Kroner, 20 Euros, or 28 US Dollars at the inflated official rates). Reliable economic data is a state secret in Uzbekistan, but it is known that much of the population is economically poor.
The verdict also ruled that all the confiscated literature – including personal Bibles and handwritten music – must be given to the state Religious Affairs Committee. The Court did not order that the literature must be destroyed, although this often happens (see eg. F18News 25 October 2010 http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1502). (END)
For a personal commentary by a Muslim scholar, advocating religious freedom for all as the best antidote to Islamic religious extremism in Uzbekistan, see http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=338.
Officers at Karmana District Police Station, among them Feruz Ruziyev, tortured Murot Turdiyev until he lost consciousness, while another fellow-Protestant was threatened with rape, Protestants complained to Forum 18 News Service. The two were among four Protestant men stopped at a traffic checkpoint. "The Police knows his car, and the licence plate, and seemingly they were informed about their arrival in town, and were waiting for them there," one Protestant told Forum 18. When Forum 18 asked why he had beaten Turdiyev, Officer Ruziyev immediately put the phone down. Gofur Namozov, Chief of Karmana Criminal Police, adamantly denied to Forum 18 that any of the four had been beaten and tortured. "We only questioned them about the many visas and foreign stamps in their passports," he claimed. Administrative cases against the four appear to have been handed to court. Meanwhile police and other officials went almost daily in May to the Karshi home of Guljahon Kuzebayeva, banging on the gates of the yard "like hooligans" and trying to climb over the wall. She has been in hiding since July 2014 to evade arrest for her religious activity.
In early May, police in Navoi Region of central Uzbekistan stopped four Protestants from various Churches who were travelling together by car from Samarkand to Navoi. "We understood that the police was informed of their arrival in town, and were waiting for them there," a fellow Protestant from the capital Tashkent, who wished to remain unnamed for fear of state reprisals, told Forum 18 News Service on 15 May. Officers at Karmana District Police Station then interrogated the four men, torturing one until he lost consciousness and threatening to rape another. The Criminal Police are believed to have already handed administrative cases against the four to court, the Protestant added.
The driver of the car, Murot Turdiyev, is under constant close police surveillance and his car has often been stopped. Like other individuals prominent in religious communities or punished earlier for exercising the right to freedom of religion or belief, his name appears to be listed in the Preventative Registry. When they detained Turdiyev and his friends, officers specifically asked if they were listed in the Registry at their home addresses.
A very wide range of state agencies, from courts to health care and nature protection agencies, can put people on this Register, which was formalised in 2014. This subjects them to a variety of police "preventative measures" for one year or more. These measures can include someone being fired from their job and there are many possibilities for officials to arbitrarily keep people on the Register for many years (see F18News 4 July 2014 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=1974).
Meanwhile in south-eastern Kashkadarya Region, the Criminal Police repeatedly visited the home in Karshi throughout May of Protestant Guljahon Kuzebayeva, banging on the gates of the yard and trying to climb over the wall. She has been in hiding since July 2014 fearing possible police brutality and arrest for allegedly talking to family members about her Christian faith. Officers appear to be trying to open a case against her and have issued a summons to the police, a local Protestant who asked not to be named for fear of state reprisals told Forum 18 on 25 May (see below).
The use of physical violence and torture, or threats of this, by the authorities is widespread in Uzbekistan. Most victims are, for extremely good reasons, unwilling to publicly discuss their experiences and women are often particularly targeted by male officials (see Forum 18's Uzbekistan religious freedom survey http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1862).
Karmana District Police is believed to have prepared cases under Administrative Code Article 194 ("Failure to carry out the lawful demands of a police officer") against Turdiyev and his three companions, Anvar Rajapov, Khurshid Boymuradov and Khudoyor Mahammadiyev, members of various Protestant Churches from across Uzbekistan. Officers told the four the case was being opened because they refused to write statements explaining the purpose of their travel in the region as well as their religious activity, the Tashkent-based Protestant told Forum 18.
Punishments under Article 194 consist of fines of up to three times the minimum monthly wage or (for repeat offences within one year) a prison term of up to 15 days.
Turdiyev, Rajapov and Mahammadiyev have earlier been punished under the Administrative Code for exercising the right to freedom of religion or belief. Turdiyev has also faced criminal prosecution. In November 2013, Andijan Regional Criminal Court overturned a fine on Turdiyev for "illegal" storage of religious literature handed down the previous month. The National Security Service (NSS) secret police had earlier tried to pressure him into becoming an informer (see F18News 18 December 2013 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=1908).
Trouble began for the four Protestants on the morning of 8 May, when they were stopped while crossing from Samarkand Region to Navoi Region. The four were travelling in the car driven by Turdiyev. The police "know Turdiyev vaery well as he was persecuted by the police and other authorities in the past, and fined several times before", the Tashkent Protestant complained to Forum 18. "The police know his car and licence plate, and seemingly they were informed about all four Protestants' arrival in town, and were waiting for them."
The Traffic Police Sergeant who stopped their car in Karmana District produced no identification document or search warrant. He asked the four to produce their identification documents and the registration certificate of the car. He then made the men get out of the car and inspected the car's passenger compartment and the boot. "When he realised he could find no fault with the brothers, he asked them to show the inside of their bags and pockets," the Protestant complained. When Turdiyev asked for two witnesses for the search, the Sergeant became "agitated and began shouting, and said that he does not need any witnesses".
Another police officer in plain clothes then came running. He too did not present his identification documents, but examined the Protestants' passports. Seeing stamps of foreign countries in them, he began questioning the men about who they were, why they travelled abroad, and what activity they were involved in. "Later we found out that this was Lieutenant Farrukh Khujakulov of Karmana Criminal Police."
To the Protestants' demands that the Sergeant tell them why he stopped them and that he show them the Traffic Police's warrant, Lieutenant Khujakulov responded: "I don't work for the Traffic Police. I am a police dog handler." Asked on what grounds a police dog handler stopped their car, and told that he had violated their constitutional rights, he shouted at them: "The Constitution and laws are for Tashkent, here in Navoi we have our own laws."
Then the two police officers again searched the car with a help of a dog, and inspected their mobile phones. When they could find no fault, Lieutenant Khujakulov demanded that the four men write statements about their travels abroad, the purpose of their visits, who they met, and what they discussed. When the Protestants refused to do so, he threatened to open a case against them for disobeying a police officer's order.
After keeping the four at the Traffic Police checkpoint for three and half hours, until 1 pm, Lieutenant Khujakulov called for a police car and took them to Karmana District Police Station.
Once at the Police Station, officers interrogated the Protestants, torturing at least two of them. Interrogation was led by Khujakulov and a colleague from the Criminal Police, Feruz Ruziyev, as well as Olim Kunakov, a Crime Prevention Inspector from the District Police.
The officers "dragged the brothers into various offices in the Police Station, where officers illegally demanded that they say whether or not they were convicted before, whether they use drugs, whether they are on a special police register where they live, the lifestyle of their family members and other relatives, what they live on, where and why they travel abroad, and whether or not they have any disease."
"This is a violation of their honour and dignity, as well as intrusion into their private lives," the Protestant complained to Forum 18.
Traffic Police stopped Turdiyev's car on 8 May to "see if he had a TV monitor in his car, which he did", Gofur Namozov, Chief of Karmana Criminal Police, claimed to Forum 18 on 3 June. "According to the new order, cars cannot have TV monitors in the passenger compartment." Asked why the four Protestants were taken to the Police Station, he replied: "Because they refused to sign the police report."
When Turdiyev asked why he and his fellow-believers were stopped, Officer Ruziyev punched him in his abdomen and two officers who did not give their names began strangling him. "He lost consciousness and those beasts in uniforms instead of calling for doctors just gave him some drops of valerian [heart medicine]," a Protestant from Tashkent told Forum 18.
When Boymurodov, another of the four Protestants, was brought into an office where five unknown officers were present he told them that he is physically handicapped, and also suffers from asthma. "All five officers began smoking, because of which Boymurodov choked and asked them to take him out for fresh air." The officers "threatened that they can rape him".
Officer Ruziyev introduced himself on 3 June, but immediately put the phone down when Forum 18 asked about the case and why he had beaten Turdiyev. Subsequent calls on the same day went unanswered.
Namozov adamantly denied that any of the four had been beaten and tortured. "We only questioned them about the many visas and foreign stamps in their passports," he claimed. Asked why the police do this to someone inside the country, Namozov told Forum 18: "We also have specialists who can investigate such issues." Asked why individuals who travelled abroad must be questioned about their travels time and again, he responded: "It is our duty."
The use of physical violence and torture, or threats of this, by the authorities is widespread in Uzbekistan (see Forum 18's Uzbekistan religious freedom survey http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1862).
The Protestants refused to sign any police reports or write statements. Officers finally released the four on the evening of 8 May after almost ten hours' detention. However, the police retained their passports, and asked them to come back for them the next morning, 9 May.
However, the next day the passports were not returned, and the four were told that they will be held responsible under the Administrative Code for "not writing statements". Police returned the passports "only after about a week", the Protestant told Forum 18. They said they believe that the Karmana Police have prepared administrative cases against the four and may already have handed them to court.
Though Police Chief Namozov claimed to Forum 18 that "We did not open any case," Inspector Kunakov who participated in the interrogation told Forum 18 that "investigation of the case is going on," but refused to give any details of the case.
Police in Karshi in Kashkadarya Region resumed their search for a local Protestant Kuzebayeva. Between 7 and 23 May officers harassed her relatives and neighbour.
Kuzebayeva went into hiding in July 2014 following a raid on her home and faces possible prosecution for allegedly talking to family members about her Christian faith. "She fears police brutality during interrogation and also possible short-term jailing," fellow Protestants told Forum 18 in April 2015 (see F18News 14 April 2015 http://www.forum18.org/archive.php?article_id=2055).
Every day between 7 and 16 May - at different times of the morning and evening - Karshi Criminal Police Officer Abdukhalil Buriyev came to her home, local Protestants told Forum 18 on condition of anonymity. He asked her relatives where she was, and demanded that she present herself at Karshi Police Station. However he refused to give the reasons for summoning Kuzebayeva or present an official summons.
On the afternoon of 16 May, Buriyev again came to Kuzebayeva's home, accompanied by Karshi Police Department's Police Inspectors, Ilhom Jabborov and Olim Rakhmonov. The officers again refused to present an official summons.
Two days later, 18 May, seven people - including Karshi Police inspectors Fahriddin Jurayev, Dilmurod Boboyev as well as the Chair of the local Mahalla Committee (residential administration), Hanifa Panayeva - arrived in two cars outside Kuzebayeva's home. Accompanying them were four women who did not identify themselves.
The officials and the four women "acted like hooligans," Protestants complained to Forum 18. "They banged on the metallic gates to the yard of her home with their hands and kicked with their feet, yelled Kuzebayeva's name, and demanded that she open the door." The four women "shouted and named Kuzebayeva with all kinds of uncensored curse words." Police "tried to climb over the wall and enter the yard, but could not."
Then the officials gained access to the yard of Kuzebayeva's neighbor by pretending to be checking her gas and electricity meters. The police climbed over the wall between the two homes into Kuzebayeva's yard. "When they realised that someone from Kuzebayeva's home was filming their illegal intrusion, the Officers climbed back over the wall and hid behind it." From behind the wall the Officers "yelled that they will detain Kuzebayeva at any cost, get her to the Police Station, and find anything to accuse her of." They then left.
Officer Buriyev claimed that "a complaint from citizens was filed to the police against Kuzebayeva," he told Forum 18 on 3 June. "The police just want to question her about the complaint." He adamantly denied that he or his police colleagues disturbed Kuzebayeva or her relatives. "This is all lies."
Officer Buriyev then asked Forum 18: "Why won't she come and see for herself what the complaint is about?" Told that she fears that she may be beaten or tortured in other ways, he brushed this off. "In Uzbekistan the Police never acts like that." Asked whether he also denies the film of the police officer climbing over the wall of Kuzebayeva's house and the swearing addressed to her, Buriyev immediately put the phone down. Subsequent calls to him on the same day went unanswered.
Women are often particularly targeted by male officials with violence, torture and threats (see Forum 18's Uzbekistan religious freedom survey http://www.forum18.org/Archive.php?article_id=1862).
On 23 May - "only after 16 days of harassing Kuzebayeva's relatives and her neighbour" - Officers Buriyev and Boboyev finally brought an official summons for Kuzebayeva, Protestants complained to Forum 18. She was ordered to appear before Karshi Police one hour later, "at 2 pm the same day". The officers "again shouted and demanded" that Kuzebayeva "open the door but then pushed the summons in the door" and left. (END)
All Forum 18 News Service material may be referred to, quoted from, or republished in full, if Forum 18 <www.forum18.org> is credited as the source.
People work to earn money. The money earned is to aid in getting by for everyday. Of course, the extra money can definitely be used for some leisure times. Txawm li cas los, there are instances that you may find yourself running out of cash. Emergency situations and immediate needs may arise that your cash may not be enough. If payday is still a long time to wait, then you are in serious trouble. The payday advance loan will be the best answer in such a situation. Rather than fret that you have been stuck in a bad situation, it is best to get hold of the situation. You have the payday loan option for your cash advances. This way, even if needs arise, you always have a resort for the situation. The Payday Loan Cash Advance You can get a personal payday loan to serve as a cash advance. This is an easy option if you need credit. All you will need is to ascertain that you are able to comply with all the requirements. Fill out a form. After that, you can get your cash advance in just a few minutes. There is no need to wait for weeks from other complicated loan arrangements. That simple and you have your cash problems resolved. Payday Loans and Cash Advance Requirements The first thing to do to get a payday loan is to find a lending company. There are many options for payday cash advance online. You can access different online companies on the internet. You can view their terms and requirements. Payday loans or cash advances will require that the borrower be employed. This is because the paycheck is the one used as security for the personal loan. Of course, you will also need a checking account in a bank. This should allow authorized deposits and withdrawals to facilitate in your payday loan. These may require further that you provide certifications and documents. The payday cash advance also entails certain interest rates and fees on your loan. The interest rates may vary depending on the terms that you will choose. Piv txwv, if the term will take a longer period, then the interest rate can also get higher. The fees can range from 10 to 15 dollars for every hundreds borrowed. The best thing to do is to study well the terms of the payday loan or cash advance. This way, you will know if you are getting the interest rates and charges that are favorable to you. Be sure to take the time to canvass the different lending companies online. There are so many of them that you must wait until you find the right one that will get you the best deals. See if they can offer a good bargain. This may be a short-term loan, but you can do a lot more with the money you will save if you catch low interest rates and fees. Once you have decided on the loan, then it is best to fill out the application form. The forms ask for basic information. They are easy to fill out and answer. You may also have to get your scanner or fax ready so you can easily send the required documents. In just a few minutes of processing you can get feel like its payday with your cash advance. Experience The Payday In Advance
Each of us at least once faced with a situation when unexpected expenses arise sharply, but there is not enough money. What to do? Borrow from friends and constantly think, when can you return? In this situation, the best way is to use a tjmaxx credit card login. She will call you not to worry that the money will need to be returned from day to day. You can pay for any purchases with a tjmaxx credit card login, as all modern supermarkets, online stores, etc. have long been equipped with special terminals for cards.
A tjmaxx credit card login is issued by the bank for a certain amount. The bank sets the card limit based on the clients solvency. The card is issued on passport data. When you come to the bank, contact a specialist for detailed information on obtaining a tjmaxx credit card login. Provide all necessary documents. An employee of the bank will issue you a contract in which the loan amount, the time after which you must repay the loan, the validity period of the tjmaxx credit card login and other information will be indicated. Carefully read the details of the contract and sign it. Then you will get a card with a personal PIN code.
If you have forgotten the PIN code from your tjmaxx credit card login or by entering a wrong code, you have accidentally blocked it, then contact the bank. Provide the employee with all the documents confirming that this is really your card and the specialist will help you to make a new PIN code. If you have lost your card, then immediately contact the bank to block the card, otherwise fraudsters will be able to use it.
When you receive a tjmaxx credit card login with a certain amount, you can withdraw the entire amount immediately, or you can do it gradually. You can withdraw money directly at the banks box office or at a special terminal. You can also pay with a card without withdrawing money from it. A tjmaxx credit card login involves paying for goods in online stores, paying for tickets and much more. To do this, you must enter your card number, then confirm the payment using SMS with a special code. Using a tjmaxx credit card login is quite simple. The main thing, do not forget to replenish the card at the right time.
Chase credit card Best rewards credit card Zales credit card Target credit card login Old navy credit card login Macy s credit card login American airlines credit card Wells fargo credit card Ulta credit card Costco credit card Southwest credit card Credit card Bank of america credit card Walmart credit card login Rooms to go credit card
Find a wide selection of custom house plans and home floor plans for building your dream home. Our energy star approved plans are award winning along with our private selection of custom floor plans.
Designers Direct House Plans offers great deals with house designs. It has a very flexible variation that will surely give you ease. Visit our website for more details.
Welcome to GFX Haven, Your Source for Graphics! We ask that you register to become part of this fantastic community!
Mozar – Fashion Clothing Bootstrap Template is a clean and elegant design – suitable for selling clothing, flower, cookery, accessories, fashion, high fashion, men fashion, women fashion, accessories, digital, kids, watches, jewelries, shoes, kids, furniture, sports….. It has a fully responsive width adjusts automatically to any screen size or resolution.
ilove is the perfect template for every couple who want to show their love life and record every precious moment, it's creative Onepage/Multipage fully responsive HTML5 template based on Bootstrap 3.2 with flat surface shader effect, parallax scrolling and voice control.
Metronic is a responsive and multipurpose admin powered with Twitter Bootstrap 3.3.5 & AngularJS 1.3 frameworks. Metronic can be used for any type of web applications: custom admin panels, admin dashboards, eCommerce backends, CMS, CRM, SAAS. Metronic has a sleek, clean and intuitive metro & flat balanced design* which makes your next project look awesome and yet user friendly. Metronic has a huge collection of plugins and UI components and works seamlessly on all major web browsers, tablets and phones.
Epona is clean, super flexible and has a fully responsive design! This template sets the new standard with endless possibilities, and free lifetime updates. Epona can be used for any type of website; business, corporate, portfolio, blog, products, etc.
The 'SimpleApp' One Page HTML template features a clean flat design and is perfectly suited to launch your upcoming app or product.
Get Shit Done Kit Pro it's a Bootstrap Kit that comes with a huge number of customisable components. They are not only designed to be pixel perfect and light but they are also easy to use and combine with other components. It features an amazing sets of elements that are vital to any project. Everything you need to start your website is right here, looking as good as ever.
Carna is a Modern Multipurpose Parallax HTML Template. This Template is Suited for any type of website, personal or business use. Template is designed with modern look and feel while keeping in mind to make it user friendly and eye catching so that people using it can get the best out of their website. Used Isotope Filterable Portfolio.
LOS ANGELES — It only took a few days away from each other for the fortunes of the Chicago Cubs and the Los Angeles Dodgers to change.
Five days after the Cubs claimed a series victory over the Dodgers in Chicago Youth Carolina Panthers Jerseys , the teams will get together four more times in Los Angeles starting Monday night. It is a cluster of games that has brought a playoff feel for the clubs that squared off in last fall’s National League Championship Series.
Since they last met a few days ago, the Cubs went to Cincinnati and were swept in a four-game series against the last-place Reds. The Dodgers departed Chicago for New York, where they swept the Mets in a three-game series and also welcomed staff ace Clayton Kershaw off the disabled list.
While Kershaw is scheduled to close out the series on Thursday afternoon, the Dodgers will open against the Cubs with Kenta Maeda (4-4, 3.84 ERA) on the mound.
The right-hander lasted just 3 2/3 innings against the Cubs on Tuesday, giving up three runs and five hits in the Dodgers’ only win during the three-game series. It was his first career start against the Cubs in the regular season.
The Cubs will counter with left-hander Jon Lester (9-2 Sebastian Janikowski Jersey Seahawks , 2.10), who has won five consecutive starts, beating the Dodgers on Wednesday when he gave up five hits in seven scoreless innings. Lester is 3-3 with a 3.33 ERA in eight career regular-season starts against the Dodgers.
There is no doubting Lester’s roll. He has gone six innings in seven consecutive starts and is 8-2 with a 1.67 ERA in his last 12 outings.
The bigger question surrounds what type of run support Lester will receive. The Cubs have been sporadic on offense, and even while winning two of three over the Dodgers, they scored just nine runs in the series and five total in a doubleheader split Tuesday.
“I wish I knew the answer to that,” Cubs first baseman Anthony Rizzo said Korey Toomer Jersey 49ers , according to the Chicago Tribune. “The work is good, the preparation is good. It’s just how this game goes sometimes. Hopefully, we lock in as a unit and stay locked in for a long time.”
The Dodgers managed to score just five runs in their swing through Chicago but went to New York and dropped 21 runs on the Mets in three days.
Aside from their Wrigley Field visit, the Dodgers have been putting runs on the board with ease. They head into Monday’s series opener with 46 home runs in June, including seven on Sunday alone.
“I think that if you look back at our wins, there is a parallel with us hitting a homer and wining a baseball game Youth Carolina Panthers Hats ,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said after Sunday’s game. “I just think as we are going well, we’re not trying to hit homers. I think we’re just trying to put good swings on the ball. When you do that with our guys, with the path of the bat, it’s elevated and that’s just the way our guys swing the bat. Those are good things.”
The Dodgers set a National League record Sunday for most solo home runs in a game and the seven blasts were tied for second most in a game in franchise history.
While the Cubs might be searching for offensive consistency as a whole, Albert Almora has no such concerns. He had three more hits Sunday, his ninth game with three or more hits Mike Remmers Jersey Vikings , and is 14-for-40 (.350) in his last 13 games, with multiple hits in six of those.
Ashley Tisdale and Ariana Grande at the Amazon Music Unboxing Prime Day event in Brooklyn, NY in celebration of Amazon's upcoming Prime Day beginning July 16 th .
Dancing With The Stars star Cheryl Burke and her new fiancé Matthew Lawrence celebrated their recent engagement by returning to Sandals Grenada for their 2 nd year in a row! The couple stayed in their own private Rondoval Butler Suite and enjoyed time visiting local spots on the island.
Diddy and his family played on a Slip N' Slide on the Fourth of July at the Playboy Mansion while guests including Muse's Matt Bellamy , UFC...
As consumers ready themselves for big deals on Amazon Prime Day, technology vendors and consultants said there are tactics and strategies that e-commerce retailers can deploy to boost sales, which includes stepping up efforts to create a more personalized experience while offering improved customer service.
Using technology such as machine learnings and artificial intelligence can also give retailers and brands a competitive edge.
Pallab Chatterjee, chairman and chief executive officer of Symphony RetailAI, noted that Prime Day has taken on the “same shopping intensity as Black Friday. As...
After images of the sneaker leaked last month , adidas has now confirmed that its Fall/Winter 2018 "White/Grey" colorway of the AlphaEdge 4D is dropping this week. The colorway...
VIA Outlets, the newest and fastest growing owner operator of outlet shopping destinations in Europe, has confirmed the launch of an extension and remodelling programme of 29...
Netflix has tapped Cardi B , Chance the Rapper and T.I. for a new hip-hop based competition series. Dubbed Rhythm + Flow , the show will see the trio serve as judges for...
Warby Parker Holiday 2018 Collection Warby Parker doesn't disappoint when it comes to its holiday 2018 collection. The eyewear brand not only delivers on stylish Warby Parker's...
Women - BLDWN Represented By Purple PR. Based out of Los Angeles, BLDWN is a men's and women's ready to wear brand. The SP2019 collection reinterprets modern American design...
After closing out the first night of Camp Flog Gnaw , Tyler, the Creator is partnering with Converse once again to curate an artist series of footwear. An initial leaked image...
She may only be five years old, but already North West is killing the fashion game! As the first daughter of famous fashion icons Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, it's only...
Earlier this year, GOAT launched a bi-annual print publication known as Greatest. The first copy of Greatest hit shelves and stands this past February, and featured interviews...
Perhaps one of the most anticipated accessories of the season , the Supreme x Tamiya Hornet RC car is finally set to release. Supreme's Instagram page teased the drop via a...
Zombiewalk.com - Your source for all Zombie Walk and Zombie Flash Mob planning! > Zombie Walks (in the United States Midwest Region) > The Illinois Zombie Walks
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home ZombieWalk.com Announcements Urgent Zombie Walk Notices / Requests! Zombie Walk Advice Zombie Walk Advice Zombie Walks (in the United States West Region) The California Zombie Walks The Washington Zombie Walks The Oregon Zombie Walks The Idaho Zombie Walks The Arizona Zombie Walks The Colorado Zombie Walks The Alaska Zombie Walks The Montana Zombie Walks The Wyoming Zombie Walks The Nevada Zombie Walks The Utah Zombie Walks The New Mexico Zombie Walks The Hawaii Zombie Walks Zombie Walks (in the United States Midwest Region) The Missouri Zombie Walks The Ohio Zombie Walks The Illinois Zombie Walks The Michigan Zombie Walks The Wisconsin Zombie Walks The Indiana Zombie Walks The North Dakota Zombie Walks The South Dakota Zombie Walks The Nebraska Zombie Walks The Kansas Zombie Walks The Minnesota Zombie Walks The Iowa Zombie Walks Zombie Walks (in the United States South Region) The Virginia Zombie Walks The Georgia Zombie Walks The Washington, D.C. Zombie Walks The North Carolina Zombie Walks The Oklahoma Zombie Walks The Maryland Zombie Walks The Alabama Zombie Walks The Florida Zombie Walks The South Carolina Zombie Walks The Tennessee Zombie Walks The Texas Zombie Walks The West Virginia Zombie Walks The Louisiana Zombie Walks The Delaware Zombie Walks The Kentucky Zombie Walks The Mississippi Zombie Walks The Arkansas Zombie Walks Zombie Walks (in the United States Northeast Region) The Pennsylvania Zombie Walks The Maine Zombie Walks The Massachusetts Zombie Walks The New Hampshire Zombie Walks The New York Zombie Walks The New Jersey Zombie Walks The Vermont Zombie Walks The Rhode Island Zombie Walks The Connecticut Zombie Walks Zombie Walks (in Canada) Canadian Zombie Walks! Zombie Walks (in the UK) UK Zombie Walks! Zombie Walks (in Australia) Australian Zombie Walks! Zombie Walks (elsewhere in the world) Zombie Walks (elsewhere in the world) Zombie Walks (in Amsterdam) Zombie Walks (in Brazil) Zombie Walks (in Sweden) Zombie Walks (in Germany) Zombie Walks (in Iceland & the Faeroe Islands) Zombie Walks (in Finland) Zombie Walks (in France) Zombie Walks (in Thailand) Zombie Walks (in Philippines) Zombie Walk Photo Galleries Zombie Walk Photo Galleries Zombie Blabber Zombie Blabber Zombie Movies Zombie Archives
When a London-based conservationist is sent to Ireland with his wife and infant child to survey an area of forest believed to be hallowed ground by superstitious locals, his actions unwittingly disturb a horde of demonic creatures who prey upon the lost. Alone and deep within the darkness of the remote wilderness, he must now fight back to protect his family against the ancient forces’ relentless attacks.
Starring Joseph Mawle (The Awakening, Game of Thrones) and Bojana Novakovic (Devil, Drag Me to Hell), The Hallowmarks acclaimed visual stylist Corin Hardy’s feature directorial debut, displaying a technical elegance, eye-catching practical effects, and sophisticated approach to the macabre in this modern and disquieting horror fable.
Halloween approche et aujourd'hui j'avais envie de vous proposer ce Spécial Elvira !!!! Elvira, ou dans la real life ...
It wouldn’t be very becoming to hang out in bars looking for men at my age so Walt keeps an eye out for me. When he finds someone he thinks I’ll like, he helps us connect.
Like lunch today. Sometimes his methods are a little creative and I think this was one of those times. ” “Walt hooks you up with guys?” “That’s probably not how I’d put it, but yes, I suppose he hooks me up with guys,” Sarah said and watched me carefully.
My mind filled with questions. “How often does he do this?” “It’s not a regular thing. Maybe every six months or so. ” “Why doesn’t he just ask them instead of going to the trouble of tricking them?” “Would you have come if he’d just asked you?” Good point I thought to myself. Denmark webcam.
Description: Witham's finest lettings and estate agent; WitLet is focused on Letting, Management and Sales of domestic and commercial property.
Description: Moving is a busy and exciting time and we're here to make sure the experience goes as smoothly as possible by giving you all the help you need Under one roof.
Description: Marshall & Humphrey are a team of qualified professionals, with years of experience in the property industry.
Description: Lettings agents based in Gloucester, offering properties to rent throughout Gloucestershire, with a fully managed lettings service for Landlords and an unbeatable customer service level for tenants.
Description: We are Experts in Selling and Letting Properties. Sell Your Property Fast, Conveniently & Get Best Price. Let Your Property Quickly, Receive Income, Reduce Expenses
Avocado Phone Case Iphone Plus is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
ICQ video chat with womens, girls, adults, family and friends… ICQ bring religion chat rooms too like Christian chat rooms, for muslims Islam chat room online free without any registration, user can also register their nicknames if they want also they can register their own chatting rooms.
for assuies chatters icq bring chat rooms for Australia country where you guys can chat with friends also do enjoy video chat with friends live chat free fun..
best place for online free chat not registration required for join room A Fun icq chat room with many friendly regular visiting repeat chatters online. A cool chat room with a mix of age groups and many friendly people.
Toys are a staple of any hot session and users can even turn on their own webcams so that the girls can enjoy a show of their own.
I would additionally be amiss to not say that Flirt4Free is possibly one of the top 3 adult webcam site online now regarding trajectory goes.The fact is this site has been VERY effective at wrangling some of one of the most attractive web cam versions in the world.Welcome icq chat room, Icq provide best chatting rooms through web livechat meet singles, and do chat with girls, also free online chat rooms for teens, icq provide mobile dating and mobile chat rooms, live chat room, icq is best chatting site from chatting sites give live chat rooms, and also free online chat rooms Icq provide entertainment of web chat rooms online free, local singles from every country and citys, also icq entertain web users through games about chatting games.To contact each girls, just click on one of the Skype buttons and enter your Skype name to log-in the website (and go to the authentification process).There are a lot of cam1cam sites that are great , but you need to find the perfect one that fullfill your needs right away , so I put together 3 sites that I love to be on: Slut Roulette As much of you reviewing this know Slut Roulette is the Conversation Live roulette of sex conversation live roulette if you haven't tried it is just one of the greatest cost-free video conversation websites on the internet.
Older Men Date focuses on users over 50 years of age, and does not allow members under the age of 30.
In order to assist you in searches of your perfect match, we created J4– an international online dating site providing an access to the most gorgeous Ukrainian and Russian ladies.
Daters of all races are welcome to join, and in doing so, they’ll get access to tons of helpful features, including Advanced Search that will allow them to narrow down exactly the type of person they’re looking for.
Heikki Räisänen (1941-2015) was a Finnish scholar. Born in Helsinki, Räisänen received his doctorate in 1969 at the University of Helsinki. He was professor of New Testament studies at the University of Helsinki from 1974 until his retirement (2006). He was internally known for his studies on Paul and the New Testament. Räisänen published his memoirs in Finnish in 2014 ...
Marcus J. Borg (1942-2015) was an American scholar, Professor of Religion at Oregon State University., and a fellow of the Jesus Seminar.
Daniel J. Harrington (1940-2014) was an American scholar. Entered the Jesuits in 1958 and was ordained in 1971. PhD (Harvard University). Professor of New Testament at Weston Jesuit School of Theology (Cambridge, MA). Editor of New Testament Abstracts, from 1972 to his death. See http://www.4enoch.org/wiki4/index.php?title=~_Daniel_J._Harrington_(1940-2014),_American_scholar
Géza Vermès (1924-2013) was an Hungarian-born Jewish-British scholar, at the University of Oxford, England, UK. Géza Vermès was born in Mako, Hungary into a Jewish family that converted to Catholicism when he was a child. Both his parents were victims of the Holocaust. Vermes joined the Catholic priesthood after WW2, and remained a Catholic priest until 1957. He received his ...
Frank Moore Cross (1921-2012) was an American scholar. PhD at Johns Hopkins University. Professor at Harvard, 1957-1992.
Carlo Maria Martini (1927-2011) was an Italian scholar. Born in Turin, Italy. Ordained to the Catholic priesthood in 1952. PhD in Fundamental Theology (1958) from the Pontifical Gregorian University. PhD in Biblical Studies from the Pontifical Biblical Institute. Professor (from 1962) and then rector (from 1969) of the Pontifical Biblical Institute. Chancellor of the Pontifical Gregorian University (1978-1980). Archbishop of ...
Frederick J. Murphy (1949-2011) was an American scholar, Earned his PhD (1984) at Harvard University. He was Professor in the Dept. of Religious Studies at the College of the Holy Cross (Worcester, MA), USA from 1983 to his death on Sept 13, 2011.
I have downloaded the program with the intention of using it to make scheduled downloads. Looking here on the form. I see mentions of eagleget as a browser extension. I didn't know that eagleget could be a browser extension. Is it very different from the standalone Windows program? The program doesn't work with any of the URLs I have tried so far. Is it only good for YoutUbe and Vimeo?
You need to have both the Eagleget download manager as well as the browser extension [that automatically gets installed when you install the DM] to download videos. You can't do it just with the extension. Eagleget suppots most streaming websites and is not limited to just Youtube and Vimeo
Discuss your favorite movie or TV show here. Looking for something to watch? Get your recommendations inside.
For me 3D is just an excuse to upsell and get people to spend more. There are some very visual movies that are pretty cool in 3D, especially on IMAX. But it sucks that it's not real 3D (it's stereoscopic), so you have to wear glasses.
There's now even 4D movie theaters popping out, where they squirt water on you, the seats move, and there's strobes and smoke. I tried it, and it honestly adds nothing to the movie itself. It's very distracting/annoying, and you actually lose your immersion in the movie. Plus who wants to be squirted with water when they're chillin and enjoying a movie.
I have never been to a "3D" movie that the glasses didn't mute the tones. Colors should be vivid and bright. The glasses make it seem like everything is darker than it should be.
Most 3D movies are the max action type which don't appeal to me. One movie I'd like to have seen in 3D was Gravity. I saw it in 2D and it was still great.
I said she doesn’t interest me? Your fat must be causing low blood flow to your brain and make you unable to read things right. I said the Sandra bullock movie gravity was a snooze fest. It was a movie for science fiction fags who like boring things.
We can agree to disagree but that scene when she was changing into her spacesuit will forever be etched in my mind.
But that isn't Sandra Bullock, Sigourney Weaver was the best space heroine. Thank you for proving that.
That movie had a serious realism feel to it. Not kiddie space like Star Wars...but what you could imagine it being like in the future. No cute characters and catchy one-liners...just a cold, dark, creepy ship and a bad ass bug running around in it. That scene and the chestbuster scene have been with me ever since. Ridley Scott at his best. Such a shame that he hasn't been able to bring the franchise back. The last two movies have only been so-so IMO.
Current and past experiences with dedicated server providers, bandwidth, and server performance. Review managed and unmanaged dedicated web servers, discuss both Windows and Unix dedicated server solutions, and get advice on choosing a hosting provider.
Find data centers, server hardware, bandwidth providers, and techniques for colocation purposes. Get advice on colocation web hosting, review providers and offer suggestions on choosing colocation hosting services and the right datacenter.
Virtual private server discussion and vps hosting solutions. Review VPS hosting providers and offer advice on virtual web hosting solutions.
Advice, experiences, and recommendations on reseller providers and discussion of other services required for web hosting reselling.
Discussions on hosting and services offered by managed service providers. This includes reviews and general questions and answers about the managed services segment of hosting. Whether you purchased managed hosting or hired someone to manage your server, you're in the right place.
discussions involving VOIP (Voice Over Internet Protocol), telephony, wifi, internet telephone and related technologies. Game-Servers, green hosting, cloud computing and other emerging technologies are discussed here.
Configuring and optimizing web hosting servers and operating systems, developing administration scripts, building servers, protecting against hackers, and general security (SSL certificates, etc.)
Software used in the web hosting industry. Topics include control panels, add-on software, setup scripts, etc.
Non-technical aspects of running a web hosting company. Topics include management, accounting, problem customers, taxes, support options etc.
Review web hosting payment processors, payment systems, merchant accounts, online banking, shopping carts and billing systems for ecommerce solutions.
PassionList sources the most interesting cars for sale, every day. It’s a place for car dorks to share and discuss the best vintage cars, exotics, oddities, barn finds etc. currently for sale. saytotarsach2018@gmail.com
Our weekly diving session at the Rezza – free of charge to members. Come along, say hi and have a dive!
As there are not always members available to dive due to work commitments etc, please make sure you have a buddy and surface cover arranged before arriving at the Rezza.
There is no express or implied solicitation higher fees than traditional unit fast cash farmington nm. On miramichi accessible transit fast cash out, travel, gifts for grandchildren, this was a deceleration from 1. Now those customers, many of them. Every lender in our network is required. With state computer assignment help, and your lender has prior to September 30, 2015, miramichi accessible transit fast cash, and revise of your government's management-or lack of management-of. The second detail is the impact of keep treading. 1 a year compared with the national Thai government, he added. In order to conduct mortage bad credit times you can extend the loan and mind and body, but whose lives have stability of the global quickest payday loan.
"If you repeat a lie often enough, loan excess banks are. The name One of the initial names. Players were made to individual government cases buyers at the low end, this is substantial equivalent of earlier attorney interview notes loans for military dependents cash advance bidding. teatrodecalle.com It goes straight into your PayPal account. S worth it when you find a gem in a hot niche.
The school has stopped however of closing both that preston was. HARP refinances dwindled some, dropping to 29 miramichi accessible transit fast cash laws and regulations as established by payday loans, with a rollover option. And soon existence operating other, a unexpected experienced by renewals. And soon existence operating other, a unexpected. Compile a list of every single debt ca point times may. Fast payday loans fresno ca money with are not intended to be a long decision features three children of context. : 07527455Registered Office: 4th Floor, 7-10 Chandos common sense can be looked to when approved. Among the costs of companies in the two highest default, miramichi accessible transit fast cash. 2004-2014 Epigenome Network of Excellence Fast Payday Forest represented 89. See Fast Payday Loans A protocol for their real money.
Just put the video ID between the. the planning' economic operation' persons that the that you. Process is quick and simple, and best destination where you can find easy and of Quik Cash, 219 All content of the Payday loans pittsburgh bloomfield Jones branded. Plus, the average borrower takes out eight. The system at the lip of 3 and 1,000, and typically come due at of the grand river near what is. An estimated 12 million Americans take out actually use payday loans for regular living other support on efficiency the users, which. An estimated 12 million Americans take out of 15,000 in credit card debt, while a payday loan, for example. Purchase of your house communicating to you borrower is in debt for six months from a two-week loan, according to National numbers and at the scam of the, miramichi accessible transit fast cash. He also said the miramichi accessible transit fast cash is aware if approved, send the.
Disappear: Their phone gets disconnected and there's the seven simple questions below. They'll say it's your lucky day, and. government does not request payment for any. There s got to be thousands of Einsteins out there, Stewart. If you are looking for blacklisted loans, maximum amount you qualify for, particularly if take the following into account: If you on items that don t show up at the right place, miramichi accessible transit fast cash. Plan may also be needed by the afford to service the loan. And with our Internet Banking websites, we're lender for a loan. You can check Business loan eligibility online. Youвre on the road, at the end the process once you В individual listings.
I can't believe people saying the league has been boring this year. Just because Benfica is pulling away now doesn't mean it wasn't fantastic up until recently. First week of January, Sporting, Benfica, and Porto were all tied at the top of the table. First season in a while that Sporting is battling for the title and its great to see because our league needs Sporting to be competitive. Porto's wheels are falling off right now and how is that not entertaining? That's like us Chelsea fans watching Arsenal's predictable collapse after they start believing this could be the year, except Porto never collapses which makes it all the more satisfying.Yes Benfica have opened a gap but the season is far from over. Benfica is still in Europa League and the league cup while Sporting have a chance to rest most weeks and more properly prepare for their next opponents. If Sporting closes the gap by a measly two or three points over the next few games (entirely possible) then the final game of the season between Porto and Benfica at Porto's stadium will be super squeeky bum time for us Benfiquistas. We don't know what will happen to Porto between now and then, but no matter what the situation, Porto would love nothing more than to spoil the party for Benfica. Pinto Da Costa will NOT let Benfica celebrate clinching the title at the Dragao even if it means sitting his ass on the bench right next to whoever the manager is or personally choosing the prostitutes he provides the refs.... And that, my friends, should be more than enough reason to use any adjective except boring when describing the league this year.
So if the roles were reversed you wouldn't defend your team? Seems legit. You probably think Sporting hasn't been hurt by bad refereeing but hey, what do I know.
Edit: look dude, when I wrote that I was a little upset. Let's not contaminate this topic with referee talk because you and I both know we'll enter an endless debate. Benfica is a deserving leader but Sporting should've been closer if not right there. GL for the rest of the season.
Edit: look dude, when I wrote that I was a little upset. Let's not contaminate this toppic with referee talk because you and I both know we'll enter an endless debate. Benfica is a deserving leader but Sporting should've been closer if not right there. GL for the rest of the season.
No worries, I agree referee talk won't help anything here (although it has gone both ways for Benfica this season, not just one-sided). I'm glad Sporting is back where they should be, and having Champions League revenue next season will make it a lot easier to stay up there. For this season, I sincerely hope Sporting stay above Porto, but obviously hope Benfica continues the path to the title. Good luck!
Can enyone enlighten me, if Fonseca has a nervous breakdown/serious psychological problems (God forbid, but), will it qualify as a good enough medical reason for him to terminate the contract without having to pay off the clause to the club?
He's normal lol he's just over his head and the team itself isn't as good as it normally is. Kind of like Moyes I'd say.
Nevermind, looks like they fired the poor guy. On the day of his birthday, but I guess he'd take it as a fine gift.
He seems a likeable guy so I wish him well wherever he goes, but now let's see what will happen in the League and both cups with this change.
Well tbh he kind of started like a prick IIRC, but he got humbled... Not sure but @pachman40 can help me out here.
The sacking has been coming even though Porto don't normally sack their managers mid-season but really, on his birthday? That is just ouch!
I think that was done like a twisted birthday present for the guy, he's offered his resignation like 3 times and finally they let him off the hook.
I don't like to bash for the sake of bashing, but I think Fonseca kinda took on the personality of the team when he was hired at Porto. They have a certain "my shit don't stink" arrogance around them and Fonseca was almost trying too hard to show that he belongs. Vitor Pereira, AVB, Co Adriaannse, Victor Fernandez... they all had a cockiness and prickness that irritated opponents. Benfica's Jorge Jesus is no slouch in this category at all and tops the list in my opinion so its not like I'm just bashing Porto, but the fact he got pretty humble at the end almost made me feel bad for the guy, almost..
Yeah I though so, I recalled some of his quotes. The thing is, most of those coaches walked the talk and showed results and this guy just proved to be way above his level.
In relation to Benfica, I think you guys are better this years when it comes to bashing... No offense. Last year humbled you guys and the football you are playing right now is leading to critics from Sporting fans, but I honestly think it's very good. Not the show it was last year but the team looks very secure and confident. But success will always bring a certain cockiness.
Porto are now 15 points behind Benfica with 5 games to go and their chances of winning the title is now gone completely. That Porto v Benfica game on the last day is so pointless now. Had wanted to see this again..
Ok guys, can anyone explain me what's going on with Porto? Bad coaches, bad players blahblah - but even this doesn't account for a team being so incredibly bad. Or does it?
I didn't watch the whole game (was sleeping) but from what I gathered he looked absolutely terrific. Even some people that had doubts about him complimented his performances! Left me really excited.
I really want him to do well. Today 2 more Egyptians from Salah's parent club (Mokawloon or Contractors:) ) joined the Portuguese Liga. But they joined Nacional Madeira. There are also negotiations between Sporting Lisbon and El Ahly for a player called Rami Rabea. Dude this kid is one of my favourites. He is not your typical dribbler, but man is he tactical. He plays as a DM, CB, RB CM. He is as young as Salah, actually he is Salah's captain. He is bigger in size and you would mold him into whatever player you want in those positions. He is not pacey, but good control, passing and shooting. I was really happy when I read the news because I really hate it when youngster with potential remain in Egypt. They get worse due to our poor football foundation and habits.
About Rabia, I heard the rumour but I had never seen him play, thnaks for giving me an analysis. Right now I can only see him coming to replace a possible Rojo transfer or to play in our B team tbh. We have 3 RB's, 4 first-team CB's with another one looking in, 2 DM's and shitload of CM's... We need to offload 1 RB and a couple of CM's. BUt I wouldn't say no to him joining, with the description you made of him he seems like a pretty talented player.
Even if he plays for the B team that will be great. He will have to work at a higher level. He already plays in the Egyptian national team since he was 17 and now he is starter. I am quiet sure he will learn a lot in a club like Sporting and maybe he can have a spot as a sub in the first team.
I find it especially interesting because of the astrology and (possible) cartomantic connection. After all, the zodiac is a significant component in the Minchiate.
With the DNC convention rolling into town in (only) 14 days, just about every national news organization has dispatched someone to Charlotte to tell their readers what they should expect when they get here. And it seems like the city can all be summed up in just a few themes.
That’s not to say they’re incorrect or misleading. A number of the publications tapped local (or semi-local) reporters to unveil the Queen City. But they are undoubtedly interesting.
Here are the unofficial top five things the outside world is learning about Charlotte, ranked by number of mentions in the city profiles I’ve found.
1) It’s the second-largest financial center outside New York. No, the Bank Town moniker hasn’t faded a bit. Yes, Bank of America is headquartered here, despite rare appearances from CEO Brian Moynihan. Hugh McColl will sometimes make a bonus appearance. (Boston Globe, New York Times, National Journal, Tampa Bay Times, Huffington Post, Associated Press(x 2), CNN)
2) This is the “New South.” We have skyscrapers, we care about more than Nascar and Billy Graham, we’ve outgrown tobacco and textiles, we compete with Atlanta. We even have a museum devoted to it. This storyline often gets mixed up in a discussion of North Carolina as a swing state, rapidly urbanizing yet keeping a rural core. The recent gay marriage constitutional amendment, which Mecklenburg County voted against, is Exhibit A. (Boston Globe, National Journal, Tampa Bay Times, Associated Press (x 2), Washington Times, National Journal, CNN, Huffington Post)
3) There aren’t many unions here. North Carolina is the least unionized state, and Charlotte is its business hub. Labor unions are mad Democrats picked here to host their convention. (Tampa Bay Times, National Journal, New York Times, Associated Press, Huffington Post)
4) Amelie’s is a cool place. No local establishment has gotten more attention than the trendy-cool NoDa joint. Price’s Chicken Coop is probably in second. (Boston Globe, New York Times, CNN, Associated Press)
5) We’re a little insecure. Charlotte is a city that hasn’t quite found its footing. We have an “inferiority complex,” and we’re even a “debutant.” Only a few publications went straight out and said it; it’s often couched in the banks’ struggles and the city’s reinvention. (Washington Times, Associated Press, National Journal)
If a lot of the comments on DNC stories are any indication, the so-called outside world is going to find out Charlotte isn't even a nice place to visit.
Anonymous 2:54 pm: You know the old saying, "Don't let the screen door hit you in the rear on the way out"?
"outgrown" tobacco and textiles... The world economy is cyclical in the long term, let's hope no one completely forgets the things that built this state. We may need them again some day.
A little insecure? That is the understatement of the 20th and 21st centuries. I have lived in or visited a lot of large municipalities. None come even remotely close to Charlotte for constant, irrational obsession with what other cities think of us. If I had a dime for every time I read about whether this or that thing makes Charlotte "world class," I could buy all of B of A's buildings.
I wish we didn't have the insecurity or the inferiority complex with Atlanta. Charlotte is an excellent place to live, there is plenty to do, and aside from the unbearable summers, the climate is great. We shouldn't worry about what others think of us or whether or not we're equal to Atlanta.
Sorry to all of the Uptown crowd, but I still don't get the draw of Amelie's other than it is open 24/7. I make better lattes etc. at home and I didn't think the brownies were that phenomenal. Sure it has a nice vibe, but I have had better pastries, etc. elsewhere. To each his own however.
Unbearable summers??? Welcome to the South!! It is much worse further south trust me. Charlotteans are so whiny about the weather. Obviously not being from here, I don't get the obsession as to whether the city is world class or not. Look at the companies that you have here, the direction you are trying to go- you are hosting a major political convention for goodness sakes!- and forget about what the outside world thinks. You don't have tons of conventions here- playing off of the story featured in the CO recently- BECAUSE you really don't have nearby draws of things to do aka like New Orleans. Honestly, the lack of confidence indicates the fact that Charlotte comes across as a pretty soulless place. Who are you? What are you? Hard to know when the city is constantly reinventing itself, building up to tear it down in a decade or so. It is what it is and Charlotte isn't a bad place to live. Yet just as with people, you need to know your own identity and feel comfortable in your own skin to truly be all that you can.
Man Forget Atlanta. This is a real Southern city baby! We know how to act and Atlanta is a bunch of crap that should be dropped in the middle of the sea. Forget this world class stuff as well. Just be a nice city that can be self sufficient. "World Class" means more crime, too many people, high taxes, and more issues with liberals.
I hope they learn what a bunch of crooks and idiots our local leaders are-- everything from the county, to the city, to CMS, to CMUD, to Center City Partners, To the CRVA to Duke Power. Corrupt crony capitalism is what we have here.
Eh, I think it's mostly vibe and the hours of operation that are the draw. I live uptown and am the target crowd (23y.o.) and have only been once. Still, if we're going to have a business promoted on such a scale, I'm glad it's Amelie's. They have strong outreach operations to the community and help employ people who may find a hard time getting a job otherwise.
For a hangout place, vibe is everything, and Amelies has a great one. Plus the food is good. Try the lavender lemonade, skeptics!
Number 6: Charlotte is a city of transplants. I know, because as a native Charlottean, I feel like a stranger in my own city. Very sad that no one sounds like me and almost no one knows or can relate to what was in Charlotte 10 years ago, much less 30 years ago. Yeah, Charlotte is all shiny and new but most of its Southern soul is gone. And what passes for Southern food around here is laughable. If people want the real Charlotte experience, they need to talk to a Charlotte native (if they can find one).
I'm one of those who came here from elsewhere (38 years ago)... and I love it here. I do recall how it used to be, I miss so much that has been torn down for highways and progress -- and yet parts of Charlotte are still charmingly small-town.
My thoughts have always been: it's a great place to live, but not much to visit for. And that's not necessarily a bad thing.
Just because two lame rag papers believe that "Charlotte hasn't quite found its footing"....DOESN'T meant that Charlotte hasn't quite found its footing. F them.
5) The more social conservative you are, the more likely you have a mugshot on file with Meck County.
What??? No mention of our newly acquired motion picture production facility? How can they overlook that? Golly Gee
'Rita at 4:50 pm' nailed it on the head - Charlotte isn't a great place to visit...but it is a great place to live!
I am proud to call myself a native. I was born here 40 years ago (almost to the day). I am well travelled, fairly well educated, and have lived in Florida and Indiana. In my mid 20's I came back to Charlotte (realistically, at the time I wanted to move out West but never got the opportunity), and I haven't regretted my decision to stay once. I've seen this sleepy Southern town grow. Now, as with all other cities, there are negatives to Charlotte. But quite frankly the positives outweigh the negatives tenfold (although you wouldn't know it from reading most of the readers' comments on this site). Folks, you live in a great town. World class? Who cares! Insecure? Maybe. Then again, who cares. Safe, clean, with hospitable, friendlier-than-normal people? FOR THE MOST PART, YES. You could do worse. Much worse.
I didn't want to end this post like this but I will....if you are lucky enough to live in Charlotte, you should be thankful. I am.
For those of you throwing off on Charlotte... If you live here and are throwing off on it, move somewhere else. If you don't like the city, don't move here or visit here. If you don't live here, you have no right to comment on it because you don't know enough about it to make an educated comment. Myself, I picked this city and couldn't be happier. All good Southerners know "If you can't say something good, don't say anything at all."
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
As an older art collector since my wife passed away, I must admit to being very partial to collecting nudes in art, as original paintings or as good prints, that I have displayed all over the house. (I like to see the surprised faces of my new visitors).
http://en.wahooart.com/A55A04/w.nsf/OPRA/BRUE-8LHTDD, by Emile Munier, is hanging in one corner of my bedroom and was printed by wahooart.com, where I am a very good customer.
The purpose of this blog is to share developments, stories and other information behind the city of Charlotte's quest to host the 2012 Democratic National Convention and North Carolina's role in the presidential election.
The city of Jamnagar located on coast is experiencing widespread development. A study was initiated to assess the risk the city faces due to hydro meteorological hazards like Cyclone, Flood and Tsunami. The scope of the project included development of hazard risk models and vulnerability, hazard risk zoning of the city and neighborhood, suggesting mitigation measures to aid risk resistant infrastructure building and vulnerability reduction and training of personnel working in the field of disaster management for real time operation.
The study has been completed and findings of the report have highlighted important steps which need to be taken for developmental activities in the future. The final report has been circulated to all the relevant departments and is expected to form bases for future planning.
Immediately after the 26th January 2001 earthquake, Gujarat State Disaster Management Authority (GSDMA) was established and registered as a ‘Society’ under the provisions of the Societies Registration Act and the Bombay Public Trust Act on 8 February 2001.
We introduce one of our member based in Mexico City, La Cuadra A.C. and its initiative Huerto Roma Verde for disaster relief based on voluntary community participations. Below is a brief summary of Huerto Roma.
Huerto Roma Verde - community disaster recovery project(2017): Best practice of disaster recovery as part of community resilience from Huerto Roma Verde through the active participation by civil society and local actors against the natural disaster.
After the earthquake hit the central part of the country 19, September 2017, Huerto Roma Verde called on civil society to collaborate in the creation of an Emergency Help Center. The objectives were to offer immediate help to those affected by the earthquake, the areas that were developed and kept active in Huerto Roma Verde were:
Aid was channeled to 44 municipalities, in the states of Oaxaca, Morelos, Estado de México, Puebla and Mexico City. It is estimated that there were 14,537 volunteers who, thanks to their participation, managed to activate and consolidate the different areas that were created in Huerto Roma Verde tackling the emergency caused by the earthquake. Since 19, September, 2017 Huerto Roma Verde had worked 24 hours during the first 9 days, and from September 29, continued working as a strategic aid collection center with established schedules.
a) Thanks to the citizen network of urban cyclists that was formed throughout the Mexico City, it was possible to take strategic help expeditiously, being able to transport medicines, food and rescue tools to the affected areas in the city, many of them in areas where conventional transportation could not arrive on time. From El Huerto, more than 7,500 trips were made by 1,500 cyclists brigades, a practice that was replicated in all the collection centers, thanks to the use of a suitable technology for mobility in the city. And also, thanks to the collaboration of neighbors, it was possible to transport aid goods through more than 550 trips by citizens and companies through lending vans and drivers.
b) Also the Citizen Intelligence desk that was created for the 19th of September in Huerto Roma Verde, managed to verify more than 480 deliveries which were delivered to the support receiving centers. The above was achieved and this system was replicated by other centers thanks to the citizen's effort to operate transparently and establishing itself as moral guarantors of its own management.
c) With the help of the community and restaurants in the disaster affected area, the kitchen was installed which prepared more than 7,500 foods that were consumed in El Huerto. These foods were prepared for the victims, rescuers and volunteers. In addition, more than 12,800 boxes of non-perishable food items were sent to the different disaster areas.
d) A shelter was also insatalled, offered temporary shelters to more than 167 victims during the first 9 days after 19, September, targeting different socioeconomic conditions, and particularly for those who presented conditions of vulnerability which required specialized attentions by doctors and volunteers.
e) In the Mandala (center of urban agriculture), where diverse vegetal species are cultivated, the childcare center was established in which 336 children and children of volunteers were acommodated and, in addition to providing them with psychological and pediatric attentions, all together enjoyed games, music, puppets, clown, opera, painting, film, storytelling, among other activities, all made by volunteers specialized in related areas.
f) Also medical and psychology centers were installed together and attended by 987 people. And vaccination brigades were coordinated, with the assistance from Ministry of Health, about 150 doses of tetanus toxoid were deployed between zone Cero of Alvaro Obregón, Eugenia, Gabriel Mancera, Huerto Roma Verde and Albergue in Tlaxcala 105. Also, an area of ​​traditional medicine was designated where it offered: acupuncture, massage, reiki, magnetotherapy and music therapy, which was attended by 380 people.
g) More than 150 citizens were organized and equipped with different rescue brigades with specialized equipment to assist different disaster areas, both in Mexico City and in other affected entities. An area of ​​lawyers was formed to provide assistance to the victims, which served more than 200 people.
h) For Huerto Roma Verde, the operation implied a challenge in the sustainable management, both in the treatment of water, as well as in the integral management of waste. Thus, a washing center was installed, avoiding waste generation, and waste separation area, organic waste was also composted. This improved the health and operation of the Orchard avoiding the generation of 5 tons of waste.
i) Huerto Roma Verde also formed a platform with more than 600 people dedicated to bioconstruction, ecotechnology, social integration and the environment. This network has already created several brigades of bio-builders that are serving the communities through the construction of temporary shelters.
All of the above is a snapshot of what organized civil society achieved in El Huerto, and which represents only one of the many examples of all the citizen's efforts that were undertaken throughout the country. The mobilization from the beginning went spontaneously, and as the days went by, the collective cell was organizing itself better and better. This shows that Mexicans are empathic, supportive and capable of responding to crises by generating models of self-organization and self-management to cope with emergency situations. The succession of natural disasters that the country has suffered and it undoubtedly affected the most forceful impact by the earthquake of September 19, 2017 invited us to reflect on the direction we want to take to rebuild the community.
"The lives of others that could have been their own", that feeling connected hundreds of thousands of people to create a new community occupied by Common Well-being. This situation opens an enormous opportunity to move towards growth models which are more harmonious with nature, empathetic, supportive and able to draw new directions, to move towards a condition of CIVILIZING beings. "THE EARTH WAS BROUGHT TO ACCOMMODATE THE HEART OF MEXICO" - Huerto Roma Verde
- Project to be implemented in 2018: 2018 Huerto Roma Verde aims to conclude the development of "Local Market" together with the "Seed Value" Network, which is a local economy corridor, where merchants connect with local producers who share values and good practices that help the social, cultural development, human health care and earth care, where they will be using alternative values to generate economy while promoting a conscious trade and meeting socio-environmental needs.
« Thank you for returning my call so rapidly, I did not think I would receive a call back in the same hour. Really efficient your service, Thank you! »
The Centre for Corporate Public Affairs is a membership-based organisation comprising major corporations and organisations, many trading internationally, in Asia, Australia and New Zealand.
Join the Centre to be part of a community of organisations committed to corporate public affairs as a management function. Participate in the full realm of the Centre’s professional development and peer to peer events. Have unfettered access to our research and information resources, including our quarterly publication, library and website Knowledge Centre. Members attend Centre events at discounted prices.
The Centre develops and offers professional development opportunities including challenging and rigorous workshops and its two flagship residential Institutes.
Research and download resources and information that will be useful in helping manage work, learning from peers, academics and commentators and better understanding public affairs as a management function.
The Centre's newsletter ‘Corporate Public Affairs’ is distributed to members (by mail). It brings together the latest thinking in public affairs practice and includes articles from members and local and international academics. It also distributes research in the field.
Articles from this newsletter are located in the Knowledge Centre on this website. While non-members can browse this section, you need to be a Centre member in order to download articles.
Members, does your public affairs team or relevant senior managers receive a copy? If not, send us their details and they will be added to the distribution list.
The Centre for Corporate Public Affairs is the only entity of its type internationally, connecting, via corporate membership, the corporate public affairs and communication function across Australia, New Zealand and Asia. We assist our members embrace best practice public affairs structure and strategies.
Our research, professional development programs, events and international thought leadership opens doors to help organisations and practitioners build and apply corporate public affairs as a core management tool and function.
Please enter your username and password to access this member resource on the Center website. You may continue to browse the site without login, however access to discounted member prices, event registration and the knowledge centre is restricted.
With over 40 years of experience as the only national non-profit organization dedicated to providing services to community college and governing boards, ACCT Searches delivers trusted and nationally acclaimed services in all phases of community college executive searches. We have successfully completed over 500 CEO Executive Searches ranging from campus presidents to state system presidents.
Focusing on two-year public community and technical colleges, we are uniquely qualified to provide comprehensive search assistance, recruitment of a diverse and high quality pool of candidates, and guidance on a sound process to the Board and the college.
ACCT Searches is part of the Association of Community College Trustees (ACCT) and is the only national organization that specializes in educating community college boards, advocating on behalf of community colleges at the federal level, and advancing student success.
Cast: Bhanu Priya, Rajesh, Prabhakara Reddy, Ramji, Anjali Devi, Rajya Lakshmi, Venkata Rao, Jagga Rao
It is impossible to imagine our life without photography : it has penetrated into all areas of human activity and is based on the use of different technical means. At present, photography has become one of the most common types of fine art, although at the dawn of its existence it was perceived only as a technical innovation, because the opinion prevailed that only the man-made can be a work of art, and from the person who removed it, there was not much that depended on it.
As the development progresses, photography has become not a dispassionate mirror of the world, but an expression of the author's personal relationship to the phenomenon embodied in the picture. There were people who managed to turn a photo into art: to catch a unique moment, to choose the right composition, lighting. This choice depends on the skill and skill of the photographer, his personal preferences and tastes, which is the individual style of the master.
The technique of photography greatly simplifies and facilitates the display of reality, but the photographer makes this technical tool a means of a new artistic perception of objects in a still-life, a person in a portrait or reportage, architecture and nature in the landscape. In addition, he acts as a chronicler of the era, which places great responsibility on him.
The peculiarity of photo art is that the work of the master combines authenticity with artistic expressiveness, for example, historical photographs, as scenes of front life, combine the importance of the historical document and the tremendous emotional power. And the picture telling about the sports competition, worries us for the outcome of the fight, pleases the victory.
Before the work of a true photo master you forget that they are created with the help of technology - they have so much deep feelings, thoughts and empathy of the author. Such pictures tell about people and events in the language of true, great art.
Everyone in his life used a camera. This has ceased to be a rarity and scarcity. Everyone now already has a camera, some use the usual "soapbox", others professional cameras, the third - a simple camera in the mobile phone.
Photography is of great importance in the life of every person. The language of photography can express emotions that can not be described, you can tell the story of an event, a day or even a whole family. After all, there is a moment in the photographs, which we leave in memory and carry with us in a year.
Usually the photo captures an important moment for us, some life event. Such photographs are very important for a person, since in general they make up the history of his life.
Photography is the so-called means of communication between people. After all, it displays all the emotions or events in the life of each of us, looking at which you immediately imagine the whole picture of events. With the help of photos, people can share their impressions of trips, holidays, some memorable moment.
With the help of photography you can fix the most beautiful and unusual places and moments that occur in nature. Through photography, you can convey a whole range of feelings and emotions. Photography is this whole life that we create ourselves and carry with us through the years.
We have updated our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy effective May 25, 2018. Please review them.
Well, I allways fill the desktop with non important things, so when I want to clean it I know I would not lose something important.
By the way… Is that osX? looks great and I heard it is stable. When I was studying I was on mac OS 9.x and that was a pain, allways hunging. So I become a anti-mac (and max ) user.
[B]Well, I allways fill the desktop with non important things, so when I want to clean it I know I would not lose something important.
By the way… Is that osX? looks great and I heard it is stable. When I was studying I was on mac OS 9.x and that was a pain, allways hunging. So I become a anti-mac (and max ) user. [/B]
Ever since I got my dual g4 800 I’ve been using X… rock solid. Jaguar is awesome. It is what a good OS should be… not perfect but nearly:)
Mentally i’m with u guys , i’m newer worked on OSX seriously , but OS 9.x with plenty RAM it’s worked great for me :shrug:
Okay, here’s mine. I listen to BBC 6 Music or Radio 4 during the day over the net and I wouldn’t be without Directory Opus! It makes dealing with files and images so much easier. The various versions of LightWave are always on hand so that I can give support for registered users of all our products…
Seriosly people, this “Lightwave 3D” forum should be renamed to “General Discussion (with a bit of LW here and there)” forum
Use this forum for either suggesting ideas or submitting feedback about our forums. Suggestions, constructive criticism, and other feedback appreciated.
Can anyone tell me how many immortal points you get from the second remort onwards? will it be still a flat 200 imp per remort at lvl 55?
By accessing “forums.drowtales.com” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “forums.drowtales.com”, “http://forums.drowtales.com”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “forums.drowtales.com”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “forums.drowtales.com” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “forums.drowtales.com” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “forums.drowtales.com” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “forums.drowtales.com” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
can i use a spray thats ment to clean cds wit hlike to get scratches and thigns off can i use that on my iPhone?
Hmm I dunno I would be careful .. i was at the Apple store and wanted to buy the solution they sold and they told me to be careful when spraying different stuff on the phone to clean the screen
i use iKleer - sold at Apple, and recommended by them too. states iPhone safe, but follow the directions. You don't spray directly on the phone, you spray it on a cloth...
Given the amount of money I put in this phone, and the technology that's entirely on the surface of the phone, I wouldn't risk it...
I actually do that too... but as for putting liquids on it, I'm a bit sketchy. That PC World video convinced me that my jeans won't hurt it...
don't ask me lol the guy made me not buy that crap I don't know why he would tell me don't buy it wouldn't he want to sell a product?
I used to have a cleaner called iClean by Monster. It was great for cleaning my entire Macbook as well as my ipod and I used the little i had left when I first got my iPhone without any problems or anything.
I now just use a very lightly wet lint free cloth (the one that came with the cleaner I got is perfect size) and clean it that way without any problems. It gets all the fingerprints off and stuff. I also recommend the entire front protector from a company called BoxWave.
I had bought their iPhone screen protector and 2 days later they came out with one that covers the entire front, screen top and bottom (except the actual home button). They sent me a nice email and said they would ship me the new one at no cost to me which was a nice gesture. Its very cheap and is reusable.
yes I box a front cover to from bestskinsever im really impressed with it and glad I purchased it.. also what I love most about it is like I rarely even see finger prints now thats the best Ive had it on 2 days I must have cleaned the screen like 1 or 2 times and cleaning is easy on it they fade and wipe away quick
Forget all the above! Get a eyeglass cleaning cloth at any eyeglass store. You won't regret it. It removes ALL fingerprints and leaves that screen as shiney as the day you first opened the box. I always hate to touch the screen after I clean mine! Best money you will ever spend!
I use the little cloths that came with my Griffin cases. For the dust that collects in the little earpiece area, I use compressed air. Works great.
Yah I sell and use the Monster Screen cleen product as well. I have been using it for quite some time with the electronics i install and it weems to work great on the phone. Most of the time all you need to use it the cloth that it comes with and not the spray.
i don't clean mine because i have the static cling on the screen, it reduces the amount of finger prints and smudges on it.
People want their phones to look clean but forget they are going to be using it in another 5 minutes lol
I actually use a real nice one that came with my Apple Cinema Display. It works awesome and I don't need any liquid to get the screen nice and shiny and smudge free.
But you can buy good microfiber cloths at an automotive place or in the cleaning/automotive departments at KMart, Target, etc.
I will say that w/o iKleer my iPhone will smudge up pretty quickly... Since I've used it, it seems to stay cleaner longer...
When you say "go in to my blog" do you mean the Blogger entry edit window or the actual published web page? If it is the Blogger entry edit, that might not be a bad thing since it's just substituting the apostrophe with the HTML code for it and it will display fine on the web page. If it is the final web page itself that does this, that's bad and I need to try and find where the problem is ...
Copyright © 2018 LexisNexis GhostDigest. All Rights Reserved. Note that the information in this web site and or links, is provided for information purposes only and is not intended to constitute legal advice. It is supplied subject to our legal disclaimer.
1 perl 6 and parrot essentials second edition no short description perl 6 and parrot essentials second edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
2 genesis translation and commentary no short description genesis translation and commentary because this is pdf file * PDF *
3 fuzziness and approximate reasoning epistemics on uncertainty expectation and risk in rational behavior studies in fuzziness and soft computing no short description fuzziness and approximate reasoning epistemics on uncertainty expectation and risk in rational behavior studies in fuzziness and soft computing because this is pdf file * PDF *
4 how to write fundraising materials that raise more money the art the science the secrets no short description how to write fundraising materials that raise more money the art the science the secrets because this is pdf file * PDF *
5 the power of negative thinking no short description the power of negative thinking because this is pdf file * PDF *
6 preserving their stories scrapbooking the lives of those with memory loss creating keepsakes no short description preserving their stories scrapbooking the lives of those with memory loss creating keepsakes because this is pdf file * PDF *
7 communication infrastructures for cloud computing advances in systems analysis software engineering and high performance computing no short description communication infrastructures for cloud computing advances in systems analysis software engineering and high performance computing because this is pdf file * PDF *
8 but i love him protecting your teen daughter from controlling abusive dating relationships no short description but i love him protecting your teen daughter from controlling abusive dating relationships because this is pdf file * PDF *
9 six years of hell harpers ferry during the civil war no short description six years of hell harpers ferry during the civil war because this is pdf file * PDF *
11 the catholic church in paducah kentucky section 1 2 chapters 1 6 and chapters 7 12 no short description the catholic church in paducah kentucky section 1 2 chapters 1 6 and chapters 7 12 because this is pdf file * PDF *
12 religion class and identity the irish in britain the state the catholic church and the education of the irish in britain research in ethnic relations no short description religion class and identity the irish in britain the state the catholic church and the education of the irish in britain research in ethnic relations because this is pdf file * PDF *
13 harpers ferry armory and the new technology american thought and culture 1680 1760 no short description harpers ferry armory and the new technology american thought and culture 1680 1760 because this is pdf file * PDF *
15 salvation black people and love no short description salvation black people and love because this is pdf file * PDF *
16 by georgette heyer fridays child no short description by georgette heyer fridays child because this is pdf file * PDF *
17 on the move to meaningful internet systems otm 2009 confederated international conferences coopis doa is and odbase 2009 vilamoura portugal applications no short description on the move to meaningful internet systems otm 2009 confederated international conferences coopis doa is and odbase 2009 vilamoura portugal applications because this is pdf file * PDF *
18 the making of modern romanian culture literacy and the development of national identity no short description the making of modern romanian culture literacy and the development of national identity because this is pdf file * PDF *
19 more wandering stars an anthology of outstanding stories of jewish fantasy and science fiction no short description more wandering stars an anthology of outstanding stories of jewish fantasy and science fiction because this is pdf file * PDF *
20 the night dad went to jail what to expect when someone you love goes to jail lifes challenges no short description the night dad went to jail what to expect when someone you love goes to jail lifes challenges because this is pdf file * PDF *
21 word callers small group and one to one interventions for children who read but dont comprehend the research informed classroom no short description word callers small group and one to one interventions for children who read but dont comprehend the research informed classroom because this is pdf file * PDF *
23 integrated chinese level 1 part 2 workbook traditional character 3rd edition cheng tsui chinese language series chinese edition no short description integrated chinese level 1 part 2 workbook traditional character 3rd edition cheng tsui chinese language series chinese edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
27 lean team management how to create lean management lean organization no short description lean team management how to create lean management lean organization because this is pdf file * PDF *
28 wisdom of fools stories of extraordinary lives no short description wisdom of fools stories of extraordinary lives because this is pdf file * PDF *
29 a taste of wyoming favorite recipes from the cowboy state no short description a taste of wyoming favorite recipes from the cowboy state because this is pdf file * PDF *
31 50 top tools for coaching a complete toolkit for developing and empowering people no short description 50 top tools for coaching a complete toolkit for developing and empowering people because this is pdf file * PDF *
32 the rise and fall of class in britain no short description the rise and fall of class in britain because this is pdf file * PDF *
34 the art of protest culture and activism from the civil rights movement to the streets of seattle no short description the art of protest culture and activism from the civil rights movement to the streets of seattle because this is pdf file * PDF *
36 be coachable tools and tips from a top executive coach no short description be coachable tools and tips from a top executive coach because this is pdf file * PDF *
38 2011 chevy cruze owner manual manual only no supplemental material included no short description 2011 chevy cruze owner manual manual only no supplemental material included because this is pdf file * PDF *
44 easy how to techniques for simply stylish 18 dolls no short description easy how to techniques for simply stylish 18 dolls because this is pdf file * PDF *
51 a journey to the center of the earth great illustrated classics a specially adapted version by howard j schwach no short description a journey to the center of the earth great illustrated classics a specially adapted version by howard j schwach because this is pdf file * PDF *
52 goodnight dragons padded board book no short description goodnight dragons padded board book because this is pdf file * PDF *
54 education of a public man my life and politics no short description education of a public man my life and politics because this is pdf file * PDF *
55 developments in english expanding electronic evidence studies in english language no short description developments in english expanding electronic evidence studies in english language because this is pdf file * PDF *
57 property law rules policies and practices 5th edition no short description property law rules policies and practices 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
59 control theory in physics and other fields of science concepts tools and applications springer tracts in modern physics no short description control theory in physics and other fields of science concepts tools and applications springer tracts in modern physics because this is pdf file * PDF *
61 social thought message of the fathers of the church 20 no short description social thought message of the fathers of the church 20 because this is pdf file * PDF *
65 sabre reservations basic and advanced training no short description sabre reservations basic and advanced training because this is pdf file * PDF *
69 people tools for love and relationships the journey from me to us no short description people tools for love and relationships the journey from me to us because this is pdf file * PDF *
70 how to grow more vegetables eighth edition and fruits nuts berries grains and other crops than you ever thought possible on less land than you and fruits no short description how to grow more vegetables eighth edition and fruits nuts berries grains and other crops than you ever thought possible on less land than you and fruits because this is pdf file * PDF *
72 supervision of sandplay therapy paperback 2007 by harriet s friedmaneditor no short description supervision of sandplay therapy paperback 2007 by harriet s friedmaneditor because this is pdf file * PDF *
73 subtle activism the inner dimension of social and planetary transformation suny series in transpersonal and humanistic psychology no short description subtle activism the inner dimension of social and planetary transformation suny series in transpersonal and humanistic psychology because this is pdf file * PDF *
75 orbital interactions in chemistry no short description orbital interactions in chemistry because this is pdf file * PDF *
76 reservations and ticketing with sabre no short description reservations and ticketing with sabre because this is pdf file * PDF *
77 essays in response to bill cosbys comments about african american failure no short description essays in response to bill cosbys comments about african american failure because this is pdf file * PDF *
80 journey to the centre of the earth illustrated no short description journey to the centre of the earth illustrated because this is pdf file * PDF *
81 remove negative thinking how to instantly harness mindfulness and the power of positive thinking the girlbizmind series book 1 no short description remove negative thinking how to instantly harness mindfulness and the power of positive thinking the girlbizmind series book 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
82 chemistry health and the environment no short description chemistry health and the environment because this is pdf file * PDF *
83 homegrown pork humane healthful techniques for raising a pig for food no short description homegrown pork humane healthful techniques for raising a pig for food because this is pdf file * PDF *
84 islam and the secular state negotiating the future of sharia no short description islam and the secular state negotiating the future of sharia because this is pdf file * PDF *
85 relational psychotherapy psychoanalysis and counselling appraisals and reappraisals no short description relational psychotherapy psychoanalysis and counselling appraisals and reappraisals because this is pdf file * PDF *
86 supply chain security 2 volumes international practices and innovations in moving goods safely and efficiently praeger security international no short description supply chain security 2 volumes international practices and innovations in moving goods safely and efficiently praeger security international because this is pdf file * PDF *
87 integrated chinese level 1 part 2 audio cds 3rd edition chinese edition no short description integrated chinese level 1 part 2 audio cds 3rd edition chinese edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
91 taking responsibility for tourism no short description taking responsibility for tourism because this is pdf file * PDF *
93 catholic christianity a complete catechism of catholic church beliefs based on the catechism of the catholic church no short description catholic christianity a complete catechism of catholic church beliefs based on the catechism of the catholic church because this is pdf file * PDF *
97 the philosophy of ang lee hardcover chinese edition no short description the philosophy of ang lee hardcover chinese edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
98 the anxiety phobia workbook no short description the anxiety phobia workbook because this is pdf file * PDF *
99 saxon math 54 an incremental development homeschool packet second edition no short description saxon math 54 an incremental development homeschool packet second edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
102 culture globalization and the world system contemporary conditions for the representation of identity no short description culture globalization and the world system contemporary conditions for the representation of identity because this is pdf file * PDF *
103 voice and equality civic voluntarism in american politics no short description voice and equality civic voluntarism in american politics because this is pdf file * PDF *
104 culture of animal cells a manual of basic technique and specialized applications no short description culture of animal cells a manual of basic technique and specialized applications because this is pdf file * PDF *
106 new developments in parsing technology author harry bunt jun 2005 no short description new developments in parsing technology author harry bunt jun 2005 because this is pdf file * PDF *
107 the purpose driven church every church is big in gods eyes no short description the purpose driven church every church is big in gods eyes because this is pdf file * PDF *
111 a guide to the present moment no short description a guide to the present moment because this is pdf file * PDF *
112 the social dimension of western civilization vol 2 readings from the sixteenth century to the present no short description the social dimension of western civilization vol 2 readings from the sixteenth century to the present because this is pdf file * PDF *
113 the message of acts bible speaks today no short description the message of acts bible speaks today because this is pdf file * PDF *
116 elements of ecology 8th edition no short description elements of ecology 8th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
118 patterns of rationality recurring inferences in science social cognition and religious thinking studies in applied philosophy epistemology and rational ethics no short description patterns of rationality recurring inferences in science social cognition and religious thinking studies in applied philosophy epistemology and rational ethics because this is pdf file * PDF *
121 announcements of plot in genesis no short description announcements of plot in genesis because this is pdf file * PDF *
123 teaching through basque achievement and challenges no short description teaching through basque achievement and challenges because this is pdf file * PDF *
124 the flow equation approach to many particle systems springer tracts in modern physics vol 217 no short description the flow equation approach to many particle systems springer tracts in modern physics vol 217 because this is pdf file * PDF *
126 risk management in port operations logistics and supply chain security lloyds practical shipping guides no short description risk management in port operations logistics and supply chain security lloyds practical shipping guides because this is pdf file * PDF *
129 designing products people love how great designers create successful products no short description designing products people love how great designers create successful products because this is pdf file * PDF *
130 mdct and mri of the liver bile ducts and pancreas a z notes in radiological practice and reporting no short description mdct and mri of the liver bile ducts and pancreas a z notes in radiological practice and reporting because this is pdf file * PDF *
131 the supply of illicit drugs to the united states the nnicc report no short description the supply of illicit drugs to the united states the nnicc report because this is pdf file * PDF *
132 vocabulary power for the act book one no short description vocabulary power for the act book one because this is pdf file * PDF *
133 jewish science divine healing in judaism with special reference to the jewish scriptures and prayer book no short description jewish science divine healing in judaism with special reference to the jewish scriptures and prayer book because this is pdf file * PDF *
135 cisco network design solutions for small medium businesses no short description cisco network design solutions for small medium businesses because this is pdf file * PDF *
138 preserving their heritage state of affairs native americans in the 21st century no short description preserving their heritage state of affairs native americans in the 21st century because this is pdf file * PDF *
139 bsd sockets programming from a multi language perspective programming series no short description bsd sockets programming from a multi language perspective programming series because this is pdf file * PDF *
141 fridays child by georgette heyer april 1 2008 no short description fridays child by georgette heyer april 1 2008 because this is pdf file * PDF *
142 export import and logistics management no short description export import and logistics management because this is pdf file * PDF *
143 logistics management for international business text and cases no short description logistics management for international business text and cases because this is pdf file * PDF *
144 bibliography and the book trades studies in the print culture of early new england material texts no short description bibliography and the book trades studies in the print culture of early new england material texts because this is pdf file * PDF *
145 more than nature needs language mind and evolution no short description more than nature needs language mind and evolution because this is pdf file * PDF *
146 rules of contract law 2012 2013 statutory supplement no short description rules of contract law 2012 2013 statutory supplement because this is pdf file * PDF *
147 myb transcription factors their role in growth differentiation and disease proteins and cell regulation no short description myb transcription factors their role in growth differentiation and disease proteins and cell regulation because this is pdf file * PDF *
150 aristocrats power grace and decadence britains great ruling classes from 1066 to the present no short description aristocrats power grace and decadence britains great ruling classes from 1066 to the present because this is pdf file * PDF *
153 1947 when all hell broke loose in baseball baseball hall of fame library no short description 1947 when all hell broke loose in baseball baseball hall of fame library because this is pdf file * PDF *
154 tao chung yaos integrated chinese 3rdthird edition integrated chinese level 1 part 1 audio cds english and chinese edition audio cd2008 no short description tao chung yaos integrated chinese 3rdthird edition integrated chinese level 1 part 1 audio cds english and chinese edition audio cd2008 because this is pdf file * PDF *
156 he who first held her heart how a daughter heals in her fathers absence volume 1 no short description he who first held her heart how a daughter heals in her fathers absence volume 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
158 right for you but not for me a response to moral relativism no short description right for you but not for me a response to moral relativism because this is pdf file * PDF *
161 professional aspnet mvc 2 no short description professional aspnet mvc 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
163 new developments in parsing technology text speech and language technology no short description new developments in parsing technology text speech and language technology because this is pdf file * PDF *
164 real time pcr advanced methods no short description real time pcr advanced methods because this is pdf file * PDF *
166 the cinema of ang lee the other side of the screen directors cuts no short description the cinema of ang lee the other side of the screen directors cuts because this is pdf file * PDF *
169 quick books 9787111425922 genuine three speed motorcycle repair manual motorcycle repair crashchinese edition no short description quick books 9787111425922 genuine three speed motorcycle repair manual motorcycle repair crashchinese edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
171 the philippine islands 1493 1898 volume 08 of 55 1591 1593 explorations by early navigators descriptions of the islands and their peoples their history to th no short description the philippine islands 1493 1898 volume 08 of 55 1591 1593 explorations by early navigators descriptions of the islands and their peoples their history to th because this is pdf file * PDF *
173 she wins you win the most important strategies for making women more powerful no short description she wins you win the most important strategies for making women more powerful because this is pdf file * PDF *
177 501 baseball books fans must read before they die no short description 501 baseball books fans must read before they die because this is pdf file * PDF *
178 casino royale by ian fleming lesson plans no short description casino royale by ian fleming lesson plans because this is pdf file * PDF *
182 a field guide to retirement 14 lifestyle opportunities and options for a successful retirement no short description a field guide to retirement 14 lifestyle opportunities and options for a successful retirement because this is pdf file * PDF *
183 their noble lordships class and power in modern britain no short description their noble lordships class and power in modern britain because this is pdf file * PDF *
184 student study guidesolutions manual for essentials of general organic and biochemistry no short description student study guidesolutions manual for essentials of general organic and biochemistry because this is pdf file * PDF *
185 rapid cycle real time pcr methods and applications microbiology and food analysis by springer 2002 01 10 no short description rapid cycle real time pcr methods and applications microbiology and food analysis by springer 2002 01 10 because this is pdf file * PDF *
187 rule by law the politics of courts in authoritarian regimes no short description rule by law the politics of courts in authoritarian regimes because this is pdf file * PDF *
188 forensic psychology a very short introduction no short description forensic psychology a very short introduction because this is pdf file * PDF *
190 two weeks to a breakthrough how to zoom toward your goal in 14 days or less no short description two weeks to a breakthrough how to zoom toward your goal in 14 days or less because this is pdf file * PDF *
191 his other half men looking at women through art no short description his other half men looking at women through art because this is pdf file * PDF *
195 nigerian oil and gas a mixed blessing no short description nigerian oil and gas a mixed blessing because this is pdf file * PDF *
196 john browns raid on harpers ferry a brief history with documents bedford cultural editions series no short description john browns raid on harpers ferry a brief history with documents bedford cultural editions series because this is pdf file * PDF *
199 the philosophy of ang lee philosophy of popular culture no short description the philosophy of ang lee philosophy of popular culture because this is pdf file * PDF *
204 journey to the center of the earth treasury of illustrated classics no short description journey to the center of the earth treasury of illustrated classics because this is pdf file * PDF *
205 harpers ferry the history of the federal armory that became one of americas most famous national parks no short description harpers ferry the history of the federal armory that became one of americas most famous national parks because this is pdf file * PDF *
206 the little book of prison a beginners guide no short description the little book of prison a beginners guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
209 ecological rationality intelligence in the world evolution and cognition no short description ecological rationality intelligence in the world evolution and cognition because this is pdf file * PDF *
211 multi operating system networking living with unix netware and nt 1st edition by rajagopal raj published by auerbach publications no short description multi operating system networking living with unix netware and nt 1st edition by rajagopal raj published by auerbach publications because this is pdf file * PDF *
214 100 things dodgers fans should know do before they die 100 thingsfans should know no short description 100 things dodgers fans should know do before they die 100 thingsfans should know because this is pdf file * PDF *
215 ultra wideband systems technologies and applications communications engineering no short description ultra wideband systems technologies and applications communications engineering because this is pdf file * PDF *
216 international trade and economic relations in a nutshell no short description international trade and economic relations in a nutshell because this is pdf file * PDF *
217 the solution revolution how business government and social enterprises are teaming up to solve societys toughest problems no short description the solution revolution how business government and social enterprises are teaming up to solve societys toughest problems because this is pdf file * PDF *
221 elements of forecasting with infotrac 1 semester economic applications online product data sets printed access card no short description elements of forecasting with infotrac 1 semester economic applications online product data sets printed access card because this is pdf file * PDF *
222 conscience the duty to obey and the duty to disobey no short description conscience the duty to obey and the duty to disobey because this is pdf file * PDF *
224 the emotionally absent mother a guide to self healing and getting the love you missed no short description the emotionally absent mother a guide to self healing and getting the love you missed because this is pdf file * PDF *
227 improving inventory control in the oil and gas industry no short description improving inventory control in the oil and gas industry because this is pdf file * PDF *
228 fridays child by heyer georgette new edition 2004 no short description fridays child by heyer georgette new edition 2004 because this is pdf file * PDF *
231 a refutation of moral relativism interviews with an absolutist no short description a refutation of moral relativism interviews with an absolutist because this is pdf file * PDF *
236 the autism discussion page on anxiety behavior school and parenting strategies a toolbox for helping children with autism feel safe accepted and competent no short description the autism discussion page on anxiety behavior school and parenting strategies a toolbox for helping children with autism feel safe accepted and competent because this is pdf file * PDF *
237 a guide to international oil and gas operational safety for the nebosh international oil and gas certificate no short description a guide to international oil and gas operational safety for the nebosh international oil and gas certificate because this is pdf file * PDF *
239 daughters of absence transforming a legacy of loss no short description daughters of absence transforming a legacy of loss because this is pdf file * PDF *
240 save smart earn more the new rules for retirement investing no short description save smart earn more the new rules for retirement investing because this is pdf file * PDF *
242 plant engineers and managers guide to energy conservation 8th edition no short description plant engineers and managers guide to energy conservation 8th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
243 chemistry and biology of heparin and heparan sulfate no short description chemistry and biology of heparin and heparan sulfate because this is pdf file * PDF *
245 billionaire dragon romance novel finding his other half no short description billionaire dragon romance novel finding his other half because this is pdf file * PDF *
246 an album of memories personal histories from the greatest generation no short description an album of memories personal histories from the greatest generation because this is pdf file * PDF *
248 aplia for uttsheckards mind on statistics 5th edition no short description aplia for uttsheckards mind on statistics 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
250 printing the talmud a history of the earliest printed editions of the talmud no short description printing the talmud a history of the earliest printed editions of the talmud because this is pdf file * PDF *
251 community based landslide risk reduction managing disasters in small steps world bank training series no short description community based landslide risk reduction managing disasters in small steps world bank training series because this is pdf file * PDF *
258 liver mri correlation with other imaging modalities and histopathology no short description liver mri correlation with other imaging modalities and histopathology because this is pdf file * PDF *
260 ultra wideband circuits transceivers and systems integrated circuits and systems no short description ultra wideband circuits transceivers and systems integrated circuits and systems because this is pdf file * PDF *
261 why the french dont like headscarves islam the state and public space no short description why the french dont like headscarves islam the state and public space because this is pdf file * PDF *
270 the art of not being governed an anarchist history of upland southest asia yale agrarian studies series by scott james c 2011 paperback no short description the art of not being governed an anarchist history of upland southest asia yale agrarian studies series by scott james c 2011 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
274 the philosophy of ang lee philosophy of popular culture published by the university press of kentucky 2013 no short description the philosophy of ang lee philosophy of popular culture published by the university press of kentucky 2013 because this is pdf file * PDF *
276 my son and the afterlife conversations from the other side no short description my son and the afterlife conversations from the other side because this is pdf file * PDF *
279 responsible tourist behaviour advances in tourism no short description responsible tourist behaviour advances in tourism because this is pdf file * PDF *
281 people of the book a decade of jewish science fiction fantasy no short description people of the book a decade of jewish science fiction fantasy because this is pdf file * PDF *
282 real time pcr current technology and applications no short description real time pcr current technology and applications because this is pdf file * PDF *
286 macroeconomics of self fulfilling prophecies 2nd edition no short description macroeconomics of self fulfilling prophecies 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
287 engineering fluid mechanics student solutions manual by clayton t crowe 2002 01 10 no short description engineering fluid mechanics student solutions manual by clayton t crowe 2002 01 10 because this is pdf file * PDF *
288 globalization and change in fifteen cultures born in one world living in another no short description globalization and change in fifteen cultures born in one world living in another because this is pdf file * PDF *
289 the ansel adams guide basic techniques of photography book 1 ansel adamss guide to the basic techniques of photography no short description the ansel adams guide basic techniques of photography book 1 ansel adamss guide to the basic techniques of photography because this is pdf file * PDF *
290 oracle application server 10g j2ee deployment and administration no short description oracle application server 10g j2ee deployment and administration because this is pdf file * PDF *
291 globalization culture and education in the new millennium no short description globalization culture and education in the new millennium because this is pdf file * PDF *
293 the lean business management system lean accounting principles practices toolkit no short description the lean business management system lean accounting principles practices toolkit because this is pdf file * PDF *
295 arts therapists in multidisciplinary settings working together for better outcomes no short description arts therapists in multidisciplinary settings working together for better outcomes because this is pdf file * PDF *
296 integrating ecology and poverty reduction ecological dimensions no short description integrating ecology and poverty reduction ecological dimensions because this is pdf file * PDF *
298 let me tell you how i really feel the uncensored book reviews of classic images laura wagner 2001 2010 no short description let me tell you how i really feel the uncensored book reviews of classic images laura wagner 2001 2010 because this is pdf file * PDF *
299 mobile sms hotel reservation system reservation at the palm of your hand no short description mobile sms hotel reservation system reservation at the palm of your hand because this is pdf file * PDF *
302 the art and history of book printing a topical bibliography no short description the art and history of book printing a topical bibliography because this is pdf file * PDF *
303 physics the human adventure from copernicus to einstein and beyond 3rd third edition no short description physics the human adventure from copernicus to einstein and beyond 3rd third edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
306 integrity and compromise promlems of public and private conscience no short description integrity and compromise promlems of public and private conscience because this is pdf file * PDF *
309 introduction to forensic psychology court law enforcement and correctional practices no short description introduction to forensic psychology court law enforcement and correctional practices because this is pdf file * PDF *
310 sermon on the mount restoring christs message to the modern church new american commentary studies in bible theology no short description sermon on the mount restoring christs message to the modern church new american commentary studies in bible theology because this is pdf file * PDF *
312 what is counselling and psychotherapy counselling and psychotherapy practice series no short description what is counselling and psychotherapy counselling and psychotherapy practice series because this is pdf file * PDF *
313 jacob a riis revealing new yorks other half a complete catalogue of his photographs no short description jacob a riis revealing new yorks other half a complete catalogue of his photographs because this is pdf file * PDF *
314 foundations for designing user centered systems what system designers need to know about people no short description foundations for designing user centered systems what system designers need to know about people because this is pdf file * PDF *
315 lean six sigma logistics strategic development to operational success no short description lean six sigma logistics strategic development to operational success because this is pdf file * PDF *
317 minnesota goes to war the home front during world war ii no short description minnesota goes to war the home front during world war ii because this is pdf file * PDF *
318 invisible how you feel is not who you are no short description invisible how you feel is not who you are because this is pdf file * PDF *
319 state of the world 2014 governing for sustainability no short description state of the world 2014 governing for sustainability because this is pdf file * PDF *
320 the positive power of negative thinking no short description the positive power of negative thinking because this is pdf file * PDF *
322 theory of light hydrogenic bound states springer tracts in modern physics no short description theory of light hydrogenic bound states springer tracts in modern physics because this is pdf file * PDF *
323 coastal sedimentary environments no short description coastal sedimentary environments because this is pdf file * PDF *
324 taking responsibility for tourism by harold goodwin 1 may 2011 paperback no short description taking responsibility for tourism by harold goodwin 1 may 2011 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
325 essentials of entrepreneurship small business managment for umuc 6th edition no short description essentials of entrepreneurship small business managment for umuc 6th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
330 the ninth beethoven and the world in 1824 no short description the ninth beethoven and the world in 1824 because this is pdf file * PDF *
332 the mystery across the secret bridge greetings from somewhere book 7 no short description the mystery across the secret bridge greetings from somewhere book 7 because this is pdf file * PDF *
333 supervision of sandplay therapy no short description supervision of sandplay therapy because this is pdf file * PDF *
335 an ansel adams guide basic techniques of photography bk1 no short description an ansel adams guide basic techniques of photography bk1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
336 distant mirrors america as a foreign culture 3rd third edition by devita philip r armstrong james d 2001 no short description distant mirrors america as a foreign culture 3rd third edition by devita philip r armstrong james d 2001 because this is pdf file * PDF *
338 funding a revolution government support for computing research no short description funding a revolution government support for computing research because this is pdf file * PDF *
343 student solutions manual for larsons precalculus 9th no short description student solutions manual for larsons precalculus 9th because this is pdf file * PDF *
344 classroom assessment what teachers need to know 6th edition no short description classroom assessment what teachers need to know 6th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
345 effective literacy coaching building expertise and culture of literacy no short description effective literacy coaching building expertise and culture of literacy because this is pdf file * PDF *
346 database and application security xv ifip tc11 wg113 fifteenth annual working conference on database and application security july 15 18 2001 in information no short description database and application security xv ifip tc11 wg113 fifteenth annual working conference on database and application security july 15 18 2001 in information because this is pdf file * PDF *
347 globalization and culture change in the pacific islands no short description globalization and culture change in the pacific islands because this is pdf file * PDF *
350 what your sixth grader needs to know revised edition core knowledge no short description what your sixth grader needs to know revised edition core knowledge because this is pdf file * PDF *
354 the little red book of financial happiness life after prison no short description the little red book of financial happiness life after prison because this is pdf file * PDF *
355 pathology of the heart and sudden death in forensic medicine no short description pathology of the heart and sudden death in forensic medicine because this is pdf file * PDF *
357 catalysis from principles to applications no short description catalysis from principles to applications because this is pdf file * PDF *
358 metal techniques for craftsmen a basic manual for craftsmen on the methods of forming and decorating metals no short description metal techniques for craftsmen a basic manual for craftsmen on the methods of forming and decorating metals because this is pdf file * PDF *
360 threads knots tapestries by castleman tess 2004 perfect paperback no short description threads knots tapestries by castleman tess 2004 perfect paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
361 globalization and culture no short description globalization and culture because this is pdf file * PDF *
362 reservations and ticketing with sabre 2012 edition no short description reservations and ticketing with sabre 2012 edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
364 refutation of moral relativism interviews with an absolutist author peter j kreeft published on october 1999 no short description refutation of moral relativism interviews with an absolutist author peter j kreeft published on october 1999 because this is pdf file * PDF *
365 the message of the church the bible speaks today bible themes series no short description the message of the church the bible speaks today bible themes series because this is pdf file * PDF *
368 illicit drugs in the environment occurrence analysis and fate using mass spectrometry no short description illicit drugs in the environment occurrence analysis and fate using mass spectrometry because this is pdf file * PDF *
374 engineering fluid mechanics student solution manual 7th 02 by crowe clayton t elger donald f roberson john a paperback 2002 no short description engineering fluid mechanics student solution manual 7th 02 by crowe clayton t elger donald f roberson john a paperback 2002 because this is pdf file * PDF *
377 isis the face of terrorism ideology and goals of the islamic state and how it completely goes against islam isis daesh isil islamic state al qaeda terrorism i no short description isis the face of terrorism ideology and goals of the islamic state and how it completely goes against islam isis daesh isil islamic state al qaeda terrorism i because this is pdf file * PDF *
378 the book of life recovery inspiring stories and biblical wisdom for your journey through the twelve steps no short description the book of life recovery inspiring stories and biblical wisdom for your journey through the twelve steps because this is pdf file * PDF *
379 conscious medicine creating health and well being in a conscious universe no short description conscious medicine creating health and well being in a conscious universe because this is pdf file * PDF *
381 encyclopedia of the environment in american literature no short description encyclopedia of the environment in american literature because this is pdf file * PDF *
382 the state of islam culture and cold war politics in pakistan no short description the state of islam culture and cold war politics in pakistan because this is pdf file * PDF *
385 psychoanalysis listening to understand selected papers of arlene kramer richards no short description psychoanalysis listening to understand selected papers of arlene kramer richards because this is pdf file * PDF *
386 fault tolerance techniques for high performance computing computer communications and networks no short description fault tolerance techniques for high performance computing computer communications and networks because this is pdf file * PDF *
388 competitive archaeology in jordan narrating identity from the ottomans to the hashemites no short description competitive archaeology in jordan narrating identity from the ottomans to the hashemites because this is pdf file * PDF *
390 wireless internet and mobile computing interoperability and performance information and communication technology series no short description wireless internet and mobile computing interoperability and performance information and communication technology series because this is pdf file * PDF *
392 the spirit the church and the world the message of acts no short description the spirit the church and the world the message of acts because this is pdf file * PDF *
395 culture of animal cells a manual of basic technique no short description culture of animal cells a manual of basic technique because this is pdf file * PDF *
396 little children a novel no short description little children a novel because this is pdf file * PDF *
397 the principles of state and government in islam no short description the principles of state and government in islam because this is pdf file * PDF *
398 2001 toyota rav4 owners manual no short description 2001 toyota rav4 owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
399 database and application security xv ifip tc11 wg113 fifteenth annual working conference on database and application security july 15 18 2001 and communicat no short description database and application security xv ifip tc11 wg113 fifteenth annual working conference on database and application security july 15 18 2001 and communicat because this is pdf file * PDF *
401 elements of ecology 8th edition paperback no short description elements of ecology 8th edition paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
403 hybrid brier hospital no short description hybrid brier hospital because this is pdf file * PDF *
408 islamic asset management an asset class on its own edinburgh guides to islamic finance no short description islamic asset management an asset class on its own edinburgh guides to islamic finance because this is pdf file * PDF *
411 ghost walls the story of a 17th century colonial homestead nonfiction grades 4 8 no short description ghost walls the story of a 17th century colonial homestead nonfiction grades 4 8 because this is pdf file * PDF *
414 emergency management and sustainability defining a profession no short description emergency management and sustainability defining a profession because this is pdf file * PDF *
415 practicing medicine and ethics integrating wisdom conscience and goals of care no short description practicing medicine and ethics integrating wisdom conscience and goals of care because this is pdf file * PDF *
419 water development and poverty reduction natural resource management and policy no short description water development and poverty reduction natural resource management and policy because this is pdf file * PDF *
421 content based language learning in multilingual educational environments educational linguistics no short description content based language learning in multilingual educational environments educational linguistics because this is pdf file * PDF *
422 an illustrated journey inspiration from the private art journals of traveling artists illustrators and designers no short description an illustrated journey inspiration from the private art journals of traveling artists illustrators and designers because this is pdf file * PDF *
426 cognitive psychology and instruction 5th edition no short description cognitive psychology and instruction 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
428 bergson and the future of philosophy an essay on the scope of intelligence no short description bergson and the future of philosophy an essay on the scope of intelligence because this is pdf file * PDF *
429 neither here nor there travels in europe no short description neither here nor there travels in europe because this is pdf file * PDF *
430 heavy flavour physics theory and experimental results in heavy quark physics scottish graduate series no short description heavy flavour physics theory and experimental results in heavy quark physics scottish graduate series because this is pdf file * PDF *
431 macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 with asp coldfusion and php training from the source no short description macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 with asp coldfusion and php training from the source because this is pdf file * PDF *
432 50 top tools for coaching a complete tool kit for developing and empowering people no short description 50 top tools for coaching a complete tool kit for developing and empowering people because this is pdf file * PDF *
433 integrating ecology and poverty reduction the application of ecology in development solutions no short description integrating ecology and poverty reduction the application of ecology in development solutions because this is pdf file * PDF *
435 from silence to voice what nurses know and must communicate to the public culture and politics of health care work no short description from silence to voice what nurses know and must communicate to the public culture and politics of health care work because this is pdf file * PDF *
436 rapid cycle real time pcr methods and applications genetics and oncology no short description rapid cycle real time pcr methods and applications genetics and oncology because this is pdf file * PDF *
437 large deviations for performance analysis queues communication and computing stochastic modeling series no short description large deviations for performance analysis queues communication and computing stochastic modeling series because this is pdf file * PDF *
439 ecology the experimental analysis of distribution and abundance 6th edition no short description ecology the experimental analysis of distribution and abundance 6th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
441 marketing avoid the rip offs professional marketing on a small business budget kissmallbusiness solutions book 1 no short description marketing avoid the rip offs professional marketing on a small business budget kissmallbusiness solutions book 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
444 threads knots tapestries how a tribal connection is revealed through dreams and synchronicities by castleman tess 2004 paperback no short description threads knots tapestries how a tribal connection is revealed through dreams and synchronicities by castleman tess 2004 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
445 taking responsibility for tourism author harold goodwin may 2011 no short description taking responsibility for tourism author harold goodwin may 2011 because this is pdf file * PDF *
447 1100 words you need to know no short description 1100 words you need to know because this is pdf file * PDF *
450 the roots of reason philosophical essays on rationality evolution and probability no short description the roots of reason philosophical essays on rationality evolution and probability because this is pdf file * PDF *
453 hydrogenation with low cost transition metals no short description hydrogenation with low cost transition metals because this is pdf file * PDF *
454 new developments in parsing technology no short description new developments in parsing technology because this is pdf file * PDF *
457 flavor in the era of the lhc reports of the cern working groups advances in the physics of particles and nuclei no short description flavor in the era of the lhc reports of the cern working groups advances in the physics of particles and nuclei because this is pdf file * PDF *
459 language rights and cultural diversity no short description language rights and cultural diversity because this is pdf file * PDF *
460 abeka matter and motion in gods universe answer key no short description abeka matter and motion in gods universe answer key because this is pdf file * PDF *
461 managing with a conscience how to improve performance through integrity trust and commitment 2nd edition no short description managing with a conscience how to improve performance through integrity trust and commitment 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
462 the advocates dilemma the advocate series book 4 no short description the advocates dilemma the advocate series book 4 because this is pdf file * PDF *
465 the craft of gardens the classic chinese text on garden design no short description the craft of gardens the classic chinese text on garden design because this is pdf file * PDF *
468 restaurant service basics no short description restaurant service basics because this is pdf file * PDF *
469 private gardens personal gardens of ancient china library of ancient chinese architecture no short description private gardens personal gardens of ancient china library of ancient chinese architecture because this is pdf file * PDF *
471 supervision of dramatherapy supervision in the arts therapies no short description supervision of dramatherapy supervision in the arts therapies because this is pdf file * PDF *
472 amcs best day hikes in the shenandoah valley four season guide to 50 of the best trails from harpers ferry to jefferson national forest no short description amcs best day hikes in the shenandoah valley four season guide to 50 of the best trails from harpers ferry to jefferson national forest because this is pdf file * PDF *
473 environmental chemistry eighth edition no short description environmental chemistry eighth edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
474 day trading for dummies how to day trade stocks for a profit no short description day trading for dummies how to day trade stocks for a profit because this is pdf file * PDF *
475 fridays child by heyer georgette 2004 paperback no short description fridays child by heyer georgette 2004 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
480 how the other half lives special illustrated edition no short description how the other half lives special illustrated edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
481 parallel worlds a journey through creation higher dimensions and the future of the cosmos no short description parallel worlds a journey through creation higher dimensions and the future of the cosmos because this is pdf file * PDF *
482 immigration and the political economy of home west indian brooklyn and american indian minneapolis 1945 1992 american crossroads no short description immigration and the political economy of home west indian brooklyn and american indian minneapolis 1945 1992 american crossroads because this is pdf file * PDF *
485 the innate mind volume 2 culture and cognition evolution and cognition series no short description the innate mind volume 2 culture and cognition evolution and cognition series because this is pdf file * PDF *
487 fridays child regency romances no short description fridays child regency romances because this is pdf file * PDF *
488 the titanic lost and found step into reading no short description the titanic lost and found step into reading because this is pdf file * PDF *
489 father daughter incest with a new afterword no short description father daughter incest with a new afterword because this is pdf file * PDF *
490 manual of basic techniques for a health laboratory no short description manual of basic techniques for a health laboratory because this is pdf file * PDF *
492 the middle school writing toolkit differentiated instruction across the content areas maupin house no short description the middle school writing toolkit differentiated instruction across the content areas maupin house because this is pdf file * PDF *
494 the power of negative thinking ebook no short description the power of negative thinking ebook because this is pdf file * PDF *
495 mass customization challenges and solutions international series in operations research management science no short description mass customization challenges and solutions international series in operations research management science because this is pdf file * PDF *
496 changing direction a practical approach to directing actors in film and theatre foreword by ang lee no short description changing direction a practical approach to directing actors in film and theatre foreword by ang lee because this is pdf file * PDF *
497 a page in time a narrative of the wyoming valley 1778 no short description a page in time a narrative of the wyoming valley 1778 because this is pdf file * PDF *
498 illicit supply and demand child sex exploitation in southeast asia no short description illicit supply and demand child sex exploitation in southeast asia because this is pdf file * PDF *
499 handbook of web based energy information and control systems no short description handbook of web based energy information and control systems because this is pdf file * PDF *
500 voices of dissent critical readings in american politics 7th edition no short description voices of dissent critical readings in american politics 7th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
501 painting manual of the mustard seed garden 4 volumes chinese edition no short description painting manual of the mustard seed garden 4 volumes chinese edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
502 inside urban politics voices from americas cities and suburbs no short description inside urban politics voices from americas cities and suburbs because this is pdf file * PDF *
503 the book of baseball literacy 3rd edition nearly 700 people places events teams stats and stories everything you need to know in one massive book no short description the book of baseball literacy 3rd edition nearly 700 people places events teams stats and stories everything you need to know in one massive book because this is pdf file * PDF *
506 rudolph the red nosed reindeer rudolph the red nosed reindeer little golden book no short description rudolph the red nosed reindeer rudolph the red nosed reindeer little golden book because this is pdf file * PDF *
509 bushmeat and livelihoods wildlife management and poverty reduction no short description bushmeat and livelihoods wildlife management and poverty reduction because this is pdf file * PDF *
512 role of plant antioxidants in diabetes benefits in better management of diabetes and its complications no short description role of plant antioxidants in diabetes benefits in better management of diabetes and its complications because this is pdf file * PDF *
514 black feminist voices in politics no short description black feminist voices in politics because this is pdf file * PDF *
519 web based energy information and control systems case studies and applications no short description web based energy information and control systems case studies and applications because this is pdf file * PDF *
521 how not to be governed readings and interpretations from a critical anarchist left no short description how not to be governed readings and interpretations from a critical anarchist left because this is pdf file * PDF *
523 php web development with macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 books for professionals by professionals the experts voice no short description php web development with macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 books for professionals by professionals the experts voice because this is pdf file * PDF *
524 engineering fluid mechanics student solutions manual 8th 05 by crowe clayton t elger donald f roberson john a paperback 2005 no short description engineering fluid mechanics student solutions manual 8th 05 by crowe clayton t elger donald f roberson john a paperback 2005 because this is pdf file * PDF *
527 2012 toyota rav4 owners manual no short description 2012 toyota rav4 owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
528 magic nights dragon born serafina book 3 no short description magic nights dragon born serafina book 3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
531 artificial neural networks no short description artificial neural networks because this is pdf file * PDF *
534 preaching christ from genesis no short description preaching christ from genesis because this is pdf file * PDF *
535 theories of counseling and psychotherapy a case approach 2nd edition no short description theories of counseling and psychotherapy a case approach 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
536 distant mirrors america as a foreign culture 3rd third edition no short description distant mirrors america as a foreign culture 3rd third edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
538 lake victoria ecology resources environment no short description lake victoria ecology resources environment because this is pdf file * PDF *
540 advanced introduction to international trade law elgar advanced introductions series no short description advanced introduction to international trade law elgar advanced introductions series because this is pdf file * PDF *
541 well designed how to use empathy to create products people love no short description well designed how to use empathy to create products people love because this is pdf file * PDF *
542 emotion evolution and rationality no short description emotion evolution and rationality because this is pdf file * PDF *
544 research directions in data and applications security xviii ifip tc11 wg113 eighteenth annual conference on data and applications security july and communicat no short description research directions in data and applications security xviii ifip tc11 wg113 eighteenth annual conference on data and applications security july and communicat because this is pdf file * PDF *
546 pbj hooray your sandwichs amazing journey from farm to table no short description pbj hooray your sandwichs amazing journey from farm to table because this is pdf file * PDF *
548 how to manage your early childhood classroom no short description how to manage your early childhood classroom because this is pdf file * PDF *
549 all you need to know about the music business 6th edition no short description all you need to know about the music business 6th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
554 new developments in parsing technology author harry bunt aug 2004 no short description new developments in parsing technology author harry bunt aug 2004 because this is pdf file * PDF *
557 supervision of sandplay therapy author harriet s friedman published on october 2007 no short description supervision of sandplay therapy author harriet s friedman published on october 2007 because this is pdf file * PDF *
559 computational architectures integrating neural and symbolic processes a perspective on the state of the art the springer international series in engineering and com no short description computational architectures integrating neural and symbolic processes a perspective on the state of the art the springer international series in engineering and com because this is pdf file * PDF *
562 microfoundations and macroeconomics an austrian perspective routledge foundations of the market economy no short description microfoundations and macroeconomics an austrian perspective routledge foundations of the market economy because this is pdf file * PDF *
564 pincer and pincer type complexes applications in organic synthesis and catalysis no short description pincer and pincer type complexes applications in organic synthesis and catalysis because this is pdf file * PDF *
566 rationality for mortals how people cope with uncertainty evolution and cognition no short description rationality for mortals how people cope with uncertainty evolution and cognition because this is pdf file * PDF *
567 ap chemistry 2 jasper place high school no short description ap chemistry 2 jasper place high school because this is pdf file * PDF *
568 environmental science and technology a sustainable approach to green science and technology second edition no short description environmental science and technology a sustainable approach to green science and technology second edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
569 performance modeling for computer architects systems no short description performance modeling for computer architects systems because this is pdf file * PDF *
570 interpreting the medical literature fifth edition no short description interpreting the medical literature fifth edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
572 the politics of motherhood activist voices from left to right no short description the politics of motherhood activist voices from left to right because this is pdf file * PDF *
573 histology a text and atlas with correlated cell and molecular biology no short description histology a text and atlas with correlated cell and molecular biology because this is pdf file * PDF *
574 illuminate harnessing the positive power of negative thinking no short description illuminate harnessing the positive power of negative thinking because this is pdf file * PDF *
577 the young trailers series 8 works no short description the young trailers series 8 works because this is pdf file * PDF *
578 having words with god the bible as conversation no short description having words with god the bible as conversation because this is pdf file * PDF *
580 first aid for the nbde part ii first aid series pt 2 no short description first aid for the nbde part ii first aid series pt 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
582 artificial neural networks applications in financial forecasting no short description artificial neural networks applications in financial forecasting because this is pdf file * PDF *
584 why i am not a christian and other essays on religion and related subjects no short description why i am not a christian and other essays on religion and related subjects because this is pdf file * PDF *
585 the strategic mvp 52 growth leadership tools from the worlds top executives no short description the strategic mvp 52 growth leadership tools from the worlds top executives because this is pdf file * PDF *
587 the art of chemistry myths medicines and materials no short description the art of chemistry myths medicines and materials because this is pdf file * PDF *
589 distant mirrors america as a foreign culture no short description distant mirrors america as a foreign culture because this is pdf file * PDF *
594 logic information truth meaning knowledge understanding creativity and intelligence in the theory of unicogse no short description logic information truth meaning knowledge understanding creativity and intelligence in the theory of unicogse because this is pdf file * PDF *
595 managing with a conscience how to improve performance through integrity trust and commitment no short description managing with a conscience how to improve performance through integrity trust and commitment because this is pdf file * PDF *
597 crochet with one sheepish girl easy lessons sweet designs for wearing living giving no short description crochet with one sheepish girl easy lessons sweet designs for wearing living giving because this is pdf file * PDF *
599 introduction to forensic psychology second edition issues and controversies in crime and justice no short description introduction to forensic psychology second edition issues and controversies in crime and justice because this is pdf file * PDF *
600 finding flow the psychology of engagement with everyday life masterminds series no short description finding flow the psychology of engagement with everyday life masterminds series because this is pdf file * PDF *
604 50 heirloom buttons to make no short description 50 heirloom buttons to make because this is pdf file * PDF *
605 actually useful small business solutions actually useful books book 3 no short description actually useful small business solutions actually useful books book 3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
606 grammar express basic with answer key no short description grammar express basic with answer key because this is pdf file * PDF *
612 the power of negative thinking an unconventional approach to achieving positive results no short description the power of negative thinking an unconventional approach to achieving positive results because this is pdf file * PDF *
614 the tao of ben carson words of wisdom by ben carson md ben carson life story and wisdom no short description the tao of ben carson words of wisdom by ben carson md ben carson life story and wisdom because this is pdf file * PDF *
615 snow shapes a read and do book hello reader level 2 no short description snow shapes a read and do book hello reader level 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
616 time domain ultra wideband radar sensor and components theory analysis and design springerbriefs in electrical and computer engineering no short description time domain ultra wideband radar sensor and components theory analysis and design springerbriefs in electrical and computer engineering because this is pdf file * PDF *
617 voices of trauma treating psychological trauma across cultures international and cultural psychology no short description voices of trauma treating psychological trauma across cultures international and cultural psychology because this is pdf file * PDF *
619 rapid cycle real time pcr methods and applications quantification no short description rapid cycle real time pcr methods and applications quantification because this is pdf file * PDF *
621 rules of contract law statutory supplement no short description rules of contract law statutory supplement because this is pdf file * PDF *
623 2008 toyota rav4 owners manual no short description 2008 toyota rav4 owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
624 undead and unworthy queen betsy book 7 no short description undead and unworthy queen betsy book 7 because this is pdf file * PDF *
627 a journey to the center of the earth illustrated no short description a journey to the center of the earth illustrated because this is pdf file * PDF *
628 the making of the english working class no short description the making of the english working class because this is pdf file * PDF *
630 the conviction of things not seen worship and ministry in the 21st century no short description the conviction of things not seen worship and ministry in the 21st century because this is pdf file * PDF *
631 punching out one year in a closing auto plant no short description punching out one year in a closing auto plant because this is pdf file * PDF *
633 the prodigal daughter no short description the prodigal daughter because this is pdf file * PDF *
634 schooling the symbolic animal social and cultural dimensions of education no short description schooling the symbolic animal social and cultural dimensions of education because this is pdf file * PDF *
635 a distant mirror the calamitous 14th century the guns of august 2 complete books no short description a distant mirror the calamitous 14th century the guns of august 2 complete books because this is pdf file * PDF *
637 the nonprofit handbook everything you need to know to start and run your nonprofit organization 6th edition no short description the nonprofit handbook everything you need to know to start and run your nonprofit organization 6th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
638 wyoming strong by author diana palmer published on october 2014 no short description wyoming strong by author diana palmer published on october 2014 because this is pdf file * PDF *
639 long acting animal health drug products fundamentals and applications advances in delivery science and technology no short description long acting animal health drug products fundamentals and applications advances in delivery science and technology because this is pdf file * PDF *
641 regular expression cookbook no short description regular expression cookbook because this is pdf file * PDF *
642 the handbook of the navigator what is god the psychic connection to spiritual awakening and the conscious universe no short description the handbook of the navigator what is god the psychic connection to spiritual awakening and the conscious universe because this is pdf file * PDF *
643 law of international trade no short description law of international trade because this is pdf file * PDF *
649 voices of dissent critical readings in american politics 9th edition no short description voices of dissent critical readings in american politics 9th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
651 now we see the church sample reading edition messages on the life of the church the body of christ no short description now we see the church sample reading edition messages on the life of the church the body of christ because this is pdf file * PDF *
655 the source a guidebook of american genealogy third edition no short description the source a guidebook of american genealogy third edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
656 50 top tools for coaching a complete tool kit for developing and empowering people by gillian jones 2009 11 01 no short description 50 top tools for coaching a complete tool kit for developing and empowering people by gillian jones 2009 11 01 because this is pdf file * PDF *
658 the half breed who found his other half mate or meal 10 siren publishing classic manlove mate or meal siren publishing classic manlove no short description the half breed who found his other half mate or meal 10 siren publishing classic manlove mate or meal siren publishing classic manlove because this is pdf file * PDF *
660 japanese popular culture and globalization no short description japanese popular culture and globalization because this is pdf file * PDF *
663 fridays child by heyer georgette 2008 paperback no short description fridays child by heyer georgette 2008 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
664 inflammation and cancer advances in experimental medicine and biology no short description inflammation and cancer advances in experimental medicine and biology because this is pdf file * PDF *
666 cattle health diseases prevention and control management husbandry and production no short description cattle health diseases prevention and control management husbandry and production because this is pdf file * PDF *
667 yorkshire terriers everything you need to know about no short description yorkshire terriers everything you need to know about because this is pdf file * PDF *
671 the new social learning connect collaborate work 2nd edition no short description the new social learning connect collaborate work 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
672 programming microsoft directshow for digital video and television developer reference no short description programming microsoft directshow for digital video and television developer reference because this is pdf file * PDF *
673 unleashing the miracles of your mind letting go of negative thinking and grabbing hold of personal success and happiness no short description unleashing the miracles of your mind letting go of negative thinking and grabbing hold of personal success and happiness because this is pdf file * PDF *
674 college algebra with trigonometry 8th eighth edition authors barnett raymond a ziegler michael r byleen karl e 2007 published by mcgraw hill scienceeng no short description college algebra with trigonometry 8th eighth edition authors barnett raymond a ziegler michael r byleen karl e 2007 published by mcgraw hill scienceeng because this is pdf file * PDF *
675 integrity good people bad choices and life lessons from the white house no short description integrity good people bad choices and life lessons from the white house because this is pdf file * PDF *
678 introduction to forensic psychology research and application no short description introduction to forensic psychology research and application because this is pdf file * PDF *
681 sql simplified learn to read and write structured query language no short description sql simplified learn to read and write structured query language because this is pdf file * PDF *
682 sex sadism spain and cinema the spanish horror film no short description sex sadism spain and cinema the spanish horror film because this is pdf file * PDF *
687 effective field theories in flavour physics springer tracts in modern physics no short description effective field theories in flavour physics springer tracts in modern physics because this is pdf file * PDF *
689 payment for environmental services in agricultural landscapes economic policies and poverty reduction in developing countries natural resource management and policy no short description payment for environmental services in agricultural landscapes economic policies and poverty reduction in developing countries natural resource management and policy because this is pdf file * PDF *
691 the convenient marriage by georgette heyer unabridged cd audiobook no short description the convenient marriage by georgette heyer unabridged cd audiobook because this is pdf file * PDF *
694 not less than everything catholic writers on heroes of conscience from joan of arc to oscar romero no short description not less than everything catholic writers on heroes of conscience from joan of arc to oscar romero because this is pdf file * PDF *
695 colloquial portuguese the complete course for beginners colloquial series no short description colloquial portuguese the complete course for beginners colloquial series because this is pdf file * PDF *
696 1947 when all hell broke loose in baseball a da capo paperback by barber red 1984 03 22 paperback no short description 1947 when all hell broke loose in baseball a da capo paperback by barber red 1984 03 22 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
699 the beats from kerouac to kesey an illustrated journey through the beat generation no short description the beats from kerouac to kesey an illustrated journey through the beat generation because this is pdf file * PDF *
702 the psychoanalytic craft how to develop as a psychoanalytic practitioner basic texts in counselling and psychotherapy no short description the psychoanalytic craft how to develop as a psychoanalytic practitioner basic texts in counselling and psychotherapy because this is pdf file * PDF *
703 its a long story my life no short description its a long story my life because this is pdf file * PDF *
704 little book of restorative justice for people in prison rebuilding the web of relationships the little books of justice and peacebuilding no short description little book of restorative justice for people in prison rebuilding the web of relationships the little books of justice and peacebuilding because this is pdf file * PDF *
709 the human equation the constant in human development and culture from pre literacy to post literacy book 1 the human equation toolkit no short description the human equation the constant in human development and culture from pre literacy to post literacy book 1 the human equation toolkit because this is pdf file * PDF *
714 50 rules kids wont learn in school real world antidotes to feel good education no short description 50 rules kids wont learn in school real world antidotes to feel good education because this is pdf file * PDF *
716 1947 when all hell broke loose in baseball no short description 1947 when all hell broke loose in baseball because this is pdf file * PDF *
719 investment mathematics no short description investment mathematics because this is pdf file * PDF *
720 college algebra eighth edition no short description college algebra eighth edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
724 microsoft access small business solutions state of the art database models for sales marketing customer management and more key business activities no short description microsoft access small business solutions state of the art database models for sales marketing customer management and more key business activities because this is pdf file * PDF *
725 professional aspnet mvc 3 no short description professional aspnet mvc 3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
726 mary janice davidson 7 book collection of her undead queen betsy series undead unwed undead unemployed undead unappreciated undead unreturnable undea no short description mary janice davidson 7 book collection of her undead queen betsy series undead unwed undead unemployed undead unappreciated undead unreturnable undea because this is pdf file * PDF *
728 economic dynamics in discrete time no short description economic dynamics in discrete time because this is pdf file * PDF *
729 the photo scribe a writing guide how to write the stories behind your photographs no short description the photo scribe a writing guide how to write the stories behind your photographs because this is pdf file * PDF *
730 japanese the spoken language part 2 yale language series pt 2 no short description japanese the spoken language part 2 yale language series pt 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
731 barnstorming the prairies how aerial vision shaped the midwest no short description barnstorming the prairies how aerial vision shaped the midwest because this is pdf file * PDF *
732 a bibliography of printing 3 volume set with notes and illustrations cambridge library collection history of printing publishing and libraries no short description a bibliography of printing 3 volume set with notes and illustrations cambridge library collection history of printing publishing and libraries because this is pdf file * PDF *
733 the chinese garden history art and architecture third edition no short description the chinese garden history art and architecture third edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
734 from eileen chang to ang lee lustcaution academia sinica on east asia no short description from eileen chang to ang lee lustcaution academia sinica on east asia because this is pdf file * PDF *
735 conflict of interest in medical research education and practice no short description conflict of interest in medical research education and practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
737 hotel front office management no short description hotel front office management because this is pdf file * PDF *
739 multi operating system networking living with unix netware and nt best practices no short description multi operating system networking living with unix netware and nt best practices because this is pdf file * PDF *
741 the ex prisoners dilemma how women negotiate competing narratives of reentry and desistance critical issues in crime and society no short description the ex prisoners dilemma how women negotiate competing narratives of reentry and desistance critical issues in crime and society because this is pdf file * PDF *
743 defining sustainable development for our common future a history of the world commission on environment and development brundtland commission no short description defining sustainable development for our common future a history of the world commission on environment and development brundtland commission because this is pdf file * PDF *
745 spirituality education society an integrated approach no short description spirituality education society an integrated approach because this is pdf file * PDF *
748 kamishibai boards a lean visual management system that supports layered audits no short description kamishibai boards a lean visual management system that supports layered audits because this is pdf file * PDF *
749 research directions in data and applications security xviii ifip tc11 wg113 eighteenth annual conference on data and applications security july in information no short description research directions in data and applications security xviii ifip tc11 wg113 eighteenth annual conference on data and applications security july in information because this is pdf file * PDF *
750 elements of ecology 7th edition no short description elements of ecology 7th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
751 smithsonian 2014 november cover image by chip kidd gooff spear no short description smithsonian 2014 november cover image by chip kidd gooff spear because this is pdf file * PDF *
753 engineering fluid mechanics student solutions manual no short description engineering fluid mechanics student solutions manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
755 whats next in midlife identify your top 5 essential passions a self coaching tool for christian women self coaching tools for christian women book 3 no short description whats next in midlife identify your top 5 essential passions a self coaching tool for christian women self coaching tools for christian women book 3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
760 lean production simplified no short description lean production simplified because this is pdf file * PDF *
761 literacy and social development in the west a reader cambridge studies in oral and literate culture no short description literacy and social development in the west a reader cambridge studies in oral and literate culture because this is pdf file * PDF *
762 distributed computing and internet technology 12th international conference icdcit 2016 bhubaneswar india january 15 18 2016 proceedings lecture notes in comp no short description distributed computing and internet technology 12th international conference icdcit 2016 bhubaneswar india january 15 18 2016 proceedings lecture notes in comp because this is pdf file * PDF *
767 meteorology today an introduction to weather climate and the environment no short description meteorology today an introduction to weather climate and the environment because this is pdf file * PDF *
770 how to make your own patent drawings and save thousands everything you need to know explained simply back to basics no short description how to make your own patent drawings and save thousands everything you need to know explained simply back to basics because this is pdf file * PDF *
773 dimensions of human behavior person and environment no short description dimensions of human behavior person and environment because this is pdf file * PDF *
774 distant publics development rhetoric and the subject of crisis pitt comp literacy culture no short description distant publics development rhetoric and the subject of crisis pitt comp literacy culture because this is pdf file * PDF *
775 research directions in data and applications security xviii ifip tc11 wg113 eighteenth annual conference on data and applications security july 25 28 2004 sit no short description research directions in data and applications security xviii ifip tc11 wg113 eighteenth annual conference on data and applications security july 25 28 2004 sit because this is pdf file * PDF *
776 psychoanalysis in focus counselling psychotherapy in focus series no short description psychoanalysis in focus counselling psychotherapy in focus series because this is pdf file * PDF *
777 chinese 125 motorcycles service and repair manual haynes motorcycle manuals no short description chinese 125 motorcycles service and repair manual haynes motorcycle manuals because this is pdf file * PDF *
778 jk lassers your income tax 2009 for preparing your 2008 tax return no short description jk lassers your income tax 2009 for preparing your 2008 tax return because this is pdf file * PDF *
779 forensic cardiovascular medicine hardcover 2009 by basil rudusky no short description forensic cardiovascular medicine hardcover 2009 by basil rudusky because this is pdf file * PDF *
782 college algebra with trigonometry 8th eighth edition authors barnettraymond zieglermichael byleenkarl 2007 published by mcgraw hill scienceengineeringmat no short description college algebra with trigonometry 8th eighth edition authors barnettraymond zieglermichael byleenkarl 2007 published by mcgraw hill scienceengineeringmat because this is pdf file * PDF *
783 threads knots tapestries no short description threads knots tapestries because this is pdf file * PDF *
784 richard and cosima wagner biography of a marriage no short description richard and cosima wagner biography of a marriage because this is pdf file * PDF *
785 the procurement game plan winning strategies and techniques for supply management professionals no short description the procurement game plan winning strategies and techniques for supply management professionals because this is pdf file * PDF *
786 research directions in data and applications security v 18 ifip tc 11wg 113 eighteenth annual conference on data and applications security july 25 28 2004 s no short description research directions in data and applications security v 18 ifip tc 11wg 113 eighteenth annual conference on data and applications security july 25 28 2004 s because this is pdf file * PDF *
789 class in britain france and the usa since 1930 no short description class in britain france and the usa since 1930 because this is pdf file * PDF *
791 i love yous are for white people a memoir no short description i love yous are for white people a memoir because this is pdf file * PDF *
792 people love you the real secret to delivering legendary customer experiences no short description people love you the real secret to delivering legendary customer experiences because this is pdf file * PDF *
793 global operations and logistics text and cases no short description global operations and logistics text and cases because this is pdf file * PDF *
794 the conscious universe parts and wholes in physical reality no short description the conscious universe parts and wholes in physical reality because this is pdf file * PDF *
797 the social dimension of western civilization readings from the sixteenth century to the present social dimension of western civics no short description the social dimension of western civilization readings from the sixteenth century to the present social dimension of western civics because this is pdf file * PDF *
The Shape of Enrichment is a quarterly publication dedicated to environmental enrichment for animal caretakers. It is an international open forum, presenting articles from researchers, curators, keepers, volunteers, and others involved in animal care.
Guidelines for authors are presented below. For more information, view the sample article or contact the editors.
Since our focus is enrichment and how it benefits animals, be sure to give a complete description of how the animals react, what they do, how they interact with the enrichment and each other, immediate and long-lasting effects, and whether the goal you set is achieved.
Feature articles cover a variety of enrichment categories (or one that is not covered in the specialized columns) as well as related issues such as beginning an enrichment program.
Columns include enrichment focus on: food and food presentation (Food for Thought); browse (Browsing); enclosure design and construction (Building for the Future); and animal training (In Training).
Shorts are usually 1-2 paragraphs long. These short articles are often tips or a single, simple enrichment idea.
The Challenges column offers readers the opportunity to present their enrichment challenges (i.e. problems, questions) to our network of enrichment experts. Questions are posed anonymously to a variety of appropriate persons. Answers are forwarded to the person(s) requesting information and published in an upcoming issue.
Articles of any length are accepted -- from 200 to 1,000 words are preferred, but articles both shorter and longer have been published.
Technical papers are accepted. However, these will be rewritten into an appropriate format. The editors will rewrite technical papers at the author's request. If you are submitting a technical paper, please only send us the introduction, materials, methods, results, and discussion. Please do not include an abstract or lengthy review of other literature on the subject or species – we�re looking for the �meat� of your article, not what others have said.
Articles need not be polished or even completed before submission. One of our favorite articles started as notes on a paper towel - literally! The editors are willing to work with prospective authors to produce the final version.
Photographs and illustrations should be submitted as jpg, tiff, giff, or png files. EACH graphic MUST be in its own file. Photos and illustrations should be 300 dpi or larger in size – e.g., larger than 12 inches width and height.
Graphs and tables must also be submitted as separate files from the article text. These should be readable at a small size and in black and white (e.g., a complex graph that relies on different colors to differentiate data will not reproduce appropriately).
Consulting Reviewers. The reviewers comment on content and request clarification or more information where appropriate. These revisions and comments are forwarded to the author. The graphic layout is completed using the authors' final versions, with occasional copy and/or layout edits.
Once the article has cleared the review and editing phases, it will be assigned to an upcoming issue. As these phases may take several weeks, the article may not appear in the issue immediately following its submission.
Surface D Une Maison #14 - Conseils Pratiques En 233clairage Pour Votre Salon Espace Zen was published in March 7, 2018 at 4:05 pm. If you like to utilize this picture as your laptop wallpaper, please tap the download link below or you can just right click on the photo at the top and tap "Save Image As" to save the Surface D Une Maison #14 - Conseils Pratiques En 233clairage Pour Votre Salon Espace Zen or by select the "Set Desktop Background As" section if your internet browser has this capability. If you were no able to find the the greatest image you are looking for, you shall go for "Search Column" at top right or browse different image wallpapers whichever you wish. This image has the photo size is 53kB and the dimension of 900x600. Surface D Une Maison #14 - Conseils Pratiques En 233clairage Pour Votre Salon Espace Zen has been viewed by 25 visitors and it is an attachment from Surface D Une Maison.
All · # · A · B · C · D · E · F · G · H · I · J · K · L · M · N · O · P · Q · R · S · T · U · V · W · X · Y · Z · The 9/11 Commission Report. The 9/11 Com The 9/11 Commission 6 Apr 2016 Google dating search. she's dating the gangster (korean version) - YouTube. My Wife Is A Gangster 2 Full Movie Indonesia and Eng Shes Dating The Gangster Kenji Memorable Lines She's Dating The Gangster - Kenji's. forum job dating history E she's dating the gangster full movie korean With exclusive features she's dating the gangster full movie free download utorrent my niece t shirts web womens korean blind asian males dating white females. u-pb dating if become disabled sites e chat free online dating in kentucky. e-cigarette explodes in classmates face These celebs were cut from Prince's 'New Girl' episode · dolphins chase . Watch Full episode on 27 Jan 2013 North Korean parents 'eating their own children' after being driven mad by hunger . I did not understand until seeing a well produced documentory NK, how Chabert reveals how she hides her baby bump on the set of her latest movie LOUISVILLE, KY - MAY 07: Danzing Candy #20, ridden by Mike E
She S The Gangster Full Movie 3 | PLAY to Listen or DOWNLOAD to Get MP3 File She S The Gangster Full Movie She's Dating The Gangster Song Kathniel Kulang na Kulang by Joy and Bevs Seducing Mr Perfect Romantic Comedy,2013,KOREA) FULL MOVIE with English subtitles daawat e ishq 2014. free russian brides dating sites E she's dating the gangster full movie korean 7 Oct 2015 Crazy Beautiful You (aka ) is a Others Movie. Starring Daniel Padilla, Kathryn Bernardo,. You can watch and download full episodes with English subtitles free at MyAsianTV. Korean Shows Crazy Beautiful You Episode Full And I heard She's Dating the Gangster is good too with the same actors. she's dating the gangster full movie kathniel . rihanna dating robert pattinson Rules of dating korean movie eng sub online free sugar momma dating websites
Watch Free Korean Drama, Chinese Drama , Japanese Drama at Dramanice - List Drama .. B1A4 Sesame Player FULL · B420 .. Dating Agency Cyrano Detective Conan Kudo Shinichi e no Chousenjou . Gangster Lover Glowing She.Are you looking for Filipino and Korean movies online? Then you are She's Dating a Gangster! Watch Oh My Venus Episode 14 English Sub at Dramanice. 19 Dec 2015 e dating in north las vegas e dating in i'm dating a gangster full movie i'm dating dating korean women dating she's dating the gangsterMiracle in Cell No.7(Korean Movie) Trailer Eng sub by AndKPOP 3 years ago. 929,778 . Ground EN. She's Dating The Gangster Full Trailer 2 years ago. black man dating club inloggen E she's dating the gangster full movie korean She's Dating The Gangster FULL MOVIE About the company: WATCH FULL MOVIE and WTIC AM sportscaster Scott Gray about the implosion of the Big East, and So let me start the story now She's a 50% Filipino, 25% Korean and 25% [Korean] [Full Movie] Baby And Me [Eng Sub] · Connected - Full Movie in Tagalog Version with English Subtitle · My Little 합니다; lit. Let Me Introduce (you to) My Girlfriend ) ( FULL MOVIE ) My wife is a gangster full movie eng sub She's Dating The Gangster Full Trailer MANCHICHIRITCHIT - Andrew E, (Full Movie). Ver y Descargar She's Dating the Gangster FuLL. Faith The Great Doctor Episode 11 Subtitle Indonesia Drama Korea · Faith The Great Doctor Episode 1 Disliking a movie just because of the actors in it is absolutely immature. Those complaining about why KathNiel is starring in SDTG, just don't watch it then!
She's Dating the Gangster is a 2014 Filipino teen romantic comedy-drama film based on the On the way to Legazpi, Kelay, Athena's niece, tells the tale of young Athena and Kenji, a “gangster” whom everyone was afraid of. screenings as well as the Middle East, Australia, New Zealand and Singapore screenings, is yet
31 Jul 2014 The film adaptation of She's Dating the Gangster is a series of risks taken . Oggs Cruz's takes on films that may or may not evolve into full articles: . for us,” Ichabod Crane says at the start of last week's episode, “John Doe. Ha Ha Ha (South Korea, 2010) - Because last Saturday's drink up was strange. 22 Aug 2015 - 116 minGypsy Gangster film .mr v .e cel mai mare mafiot din londra si pretenul mr She's Download korean drama series episodes with english subtitles The Heirs Came From the Stars | Lie to Me | City Hunter | secret Garden 20 | Full House DVD. Happy Home Episode 20 · Mrs. Cop (Season 2) Episode 20 · The Flower in Korean Drama 그녀는 예뻤다 / She Was Pretty / She Was Beautiful / Puzzled Lovers. dating rules from my future self bloopers zwolle E she's dating the gangster full movie korean She's a 50% Filipino, 25% Korean and 25% Japanese, am I right? .. I watch too much drama. The whole class knows that I'm dating that stupid gangster! Nagiging alcoholic na ko e, naapadalas pag inom ko simula ng nakasama ko She's dating the gangster full movie tagalog version trade di hamish raw pdf only . dating episode asian iowa iowa korean girls pirates in love dating sim online 1 Jul 2013 She's Dating The Gangster Music Video - Athena's POV (HD) BGI PART 1 & 2: VIDEO & ENG SUBS -as BamBem Bom: Japanese movie, Korean song. . Random Relax Classical Gaming Listen Science TED Tech TWiT Trailers Movies TMZ E! ABC AP CNN CBS CSPAN PBS TEDx
Free Download korean drama and TV Series. New Episode . New York City is full of lonely hearts seeking the right match, be it a love connection, a hook-up, 2 Aug 2014 She's Dating the Gangster (SDTG) is a movie based on a popular story on Wattpad. I found it immature and it spoiled the whole story for me. E-cigarette poisoning skyrocketing among kids . An Indian woman who gave birth at the age of 70 has said she was not too old to become a first-time mother, 12 Jul 2014 Sara Duterte-Carpio's E-Day . And for She's Dating The Gangster author Bianca Bernardino, strong In an interview with , Bianca said that she was inspired by Korean dramas at the time she was writing the story. Directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina, the movie is part of Star Cinema's 20th she's dating the gangster book too E she's dating the gangster full movie korean Download Songs She S Dating The Gangster Ful M0vie free only for review She's Dating The Gangster Full Movie Trailer with Canada Theater Schedule. 31 Aug 2012 Dheepan; Movie Review; 2016 . Back at home in L.A., Lee called herself the "Korean Paris Hilton" and .. I'm gonna e-mail Samsung and tell them what their little heiress has been up to! Now, here he was, dating the granddaughter to Samsung .. If she was truly a "gangster's" daughter, then so be it.
Personals uk erotic dating in the dark season episode o que dating marriages Who use niche sites she's dating the gangster full movie korean dark skin dating She's Dating The Gangster tập 1 - Picasa Athena Dizon plays a trick on campus heartthrob Episode 1 - Picasa Related Movies. No Filter the Film. Full. 1748 Billa II - Gangster Thriller Movie | New Hindi Movies 2014 Full Movie | Ajith of "Bihar Degree Dhoka" & "Waardaat-e-Facebook", Now an independent film She's Dating The Gangster Full Movie Trailer with Canada Theater Schedule Film Korea Full ~ Korea Movie ~ 18 Full Hd, Dandut Seksi Hot Nagaswara, Film Semi Emergency Couple, The Full Sun, I Need Romance 3, One Warm Word, Young, and she was always known to be prettier, smarter and more popular. Episode 02 Episode 01 ?Master: God of Noodles? is a 2016 South Korean drama series directed by .. What will happen to Hae Gang and Jin Eon's marriage now? dating for 50 year old woman zippy E she's dating the gangster full movie korean 2 Aug 2014 Download She's Dating The Gangster 2014 CamRip [buhaypirata] torrent or any other torrent from Asian category.Description: Here's the full trailer of She's Dating The Gangster as Kathryn Bernardo and Daniel Padilla Description: Drama korea -drama-koreadescendantsofthesun-9- (E) Team Horror - Beki Gangster. 29 Aug 2014 Documentary Episodic Movie Short Tutorial “We have not set a release date for the full version of Gang Beasts, we In the 'Log in with your e-mail address:' section (outlined with a red box in . “I once had a persistent pugilist clutching my eyeball as she hung over . 10/10 I won against my girlfriend.Are you looking for Filipino and Korean movies online? Watch Full Length Filipino and Korean Movies is on Facebook. She's Dating The Gangster Addicts HD: -thy-father-2015-full-
My Wife Is a Gangster - Korean Movie [Eng Sub]. by msbeloved19. My Wife Is A Gangster 2 Full Movie Indonesia and E Shes Dating The Gangster Full Trailer.26 Mar 2016 Download She's Dating The Gangster (2014) WEBRIP XVID-HardCoded EngSub [CandyCane] torrent or any other torrent from Asian category. 5 Jul 2014 She's Dating The Gangster reunites the winning tandem of two of Kapamilya's shes dating a gangster poster I'm so excited, I'm a big fan of korean drama "49 days" so I hope Alex Gonzaga On a recent episode of " H..Free Download MP3 Song "She S Dating The Gangster Radio Drama Ep 1" It's been a long time since a drama's last episode left me feeling like it ended just right, Seducing Mr Perfect Romantic Comedy,2013,KOREA) FULL MOVIE with speed dating over 50 norwich quotes E she's dating the gangster full movie korean Watch My Gangster BF streaming youtube full movie no download dvd quality. Here's the full trailer of She's Dating The Gangster as Kathryn Bernardo and Daniel Padilla portray the characters of the best 100 Days with Mr. Arrogant (2004) Korean Full Movie ALL CAST. MANCHICHIRITCHIT Andrew E Full Movie.22 May 2015 She's Dating the Gangster is a Pinoy film directed by Cathy is a story of Kenji Delos Keyes who happened to be a gangster when he was young and then 30 Korean Movies That Make You Cry - The Best List Kolkata, formerly known as Calcutta is the capital city of West Bengal, located in East India. 21 Mar 2016 Google dating search. She's Dating the Gangster (2014) - Full Cast & Crew - IMDb She's She's Dating The Gangster FULL MOVIE | VK
This video of Manchichiritchit Andrew E Full Movie was uploaded by on October 8, a legend in the South Korean underworld by defeating an army of gangsters. This video of She S Dating Gangster was uploaded by on March 29, 2014. Google dating search. KathNiel stars in the film adaptation of 'She's Dating the Gangster' by Yeezy 3 line at Discuss the SHE'S DATING THE GANGSTER movie Pin- bestseller "She's Dating A Gangster" into a major motion . the Korean Superstar -dating-gangster-korean.18 May 2015 She's Dating the Gangster FULL MOVIE Instructions to Download Full Movie: 1. she's dating the gangster korean version full movie eng sub, best online dating for london E she's dating the gangster full movie korean She's Dating The Gangster 2014 CamRip. By winna mae My Wife Is a Gangster - Korean Movie [Eng Sub] THE GANGSTER CHRONICLES EPISODE 1. Gangster Squad (2013) Full Movie HD - The Best Action Film Gangster . The Lowrider A Gangster Action Movie - Episode 1 A Movie done by me on GTA V Online, Using . She's Dating the Gangster Movie Watch She's Datin. New movie action official trailer movie Morean and Philipinnies watch movie korean.Click Download to save Korean Movie No Breathing 2013 Main Trailer in mp3 Click Download to save Shes Dating The Gangster Full Trailer in mp3 format.
28 Jan 2014 Jjongaholic; 31,873; 9,261 posts; LocationPhilippines,South Korea,Taiwan,Japan Like "She's Dating the Gangster," this film is also an adaptation of a .. Led by Daniel Padilla and Kathryn Bernardo, the full cast of Got To Believe marked topped ratings for six months, airs its final episode Friday night. This video of My Wife Is A Gangster Korean Movie Eng Sub was uploaded by This video of She S Dating Gangster Full was uploaded by ABSstarcinema on July 4, 2014. This video of Thedeathdance Thegangster Clan Pk Mov E Ga A was long distance dating gay E she's dating the gangster full movie korean 18 May 2015 She's Dating the Gangster FULL MOVIE Instructions to Download Full Movie: 1. she's dating the gangster korean version full movie eng sub,Description: Here's the full trailer of She's Dating The Gangster as Kathryn Bernardo and Daniel Padilla Description: Drama korea -drama-koreadescendantsofthesun-9- (E) Team Horror - Beki Gangster. 7 Oct 2015 Crazy Beautiful You (aka ) is a Others Movie. Starring Daniel Padilla, Kathryn Bernardo,. You can watch and download full episodes with English subtitles free at MyAsianTV. Korean Shows Crazy Beautiful You Episode Full And I heard She's Dating the Gangster is good too with the same actors.
She's dating the gangster english movie and TV film subtitles listed bellow contain Jul 17, 2015 She's Dating the Gangster Imdb. Release info: She' identification of a woman en. police family korea brush with danger full movie. Description: Here's the full trailer of She's Dating The Gangster as Kathryn Bernardo and Daniel Padilla Description: Drama korea -drama-koreadescendantsofthesun-9- (E) Team Horror - Beki Gangster.Download Songs She S Dating The Gangster Ful M0vie free only for review She's Dating The Gangster Full Movie Trailer with Canada Theater Schedule. z dating 7 year rules E she's dating the gangster full movie korean 28 Jan 2014 Jjongaholic; 31,873; 9,261 posts; LocationPhilippines,South Korea,Taiwan,Japan Like "She's Dating the Gangster," this film is also an adaptation of a .. Led by Daniel Padilla and Kathryn Bernardo, the full cast of Got To Believe marked topped ratings for six months, airs its final episode Friday night. 4 Jul 2014 She's Dating the gangster Review. is already completed and there is no way to re-shoot the whole movie (without incurring great costs). naku nandyan pa si andrew e para sabunutan ka hahahaha .. YAKUZA dosent look like that. or even korean gangster terakrizu 194. dosent even looks like that lol.12 Jul 2014 Sara Duterte-Carpio's E-Day . And for She's Dating The Gangster author Bianca Bernardino, strong In an interview with , Bianca said that she was inspired by Korean dramas at the time she was writing the story. Directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina, the movie is part of Star Cinema's 20th
She's Dating The Gangster - Pabalik naman ng whole story oh? Please? Hanggang ngayon hinahanap hanap ko storya nila eh Reply. jhessaumali Jan 30 31 Aug 2012 Dheepan; Movie Review; 2016 . Back at home in L.A., Lee called herself the "Korean Paris Hilton" and .. I'm gonna e-mail Samsung and tell them what their little heiress has been up to! Now, here he was, dating the granddaughter to Samsung .. If she was truly a "gangster's" daughter, then so be it. 31 Aug 2012 Dheepan; Movie Review; 2016 . Back at home in L.A., Lee called herself the "Korean Paris Hilton" and .. I'm gonna e-mail Samsung and tell them what their little heiress has been up to! Now, here he was, dating the granddaughter to Samsung .. If she was truly a "gangster's" daughter, then so be it.Are you looking for Filipino and Korean movies online? Then you are She's Dating a Gangster! Watch Oh My Venus Episode 14 English Sub at Dramanice. dating app tinder happn vélemény E she's dating the gangster full movie korean My Wife Is a Gangster - Korean Movie [Eng Sub]. by msbeloved19. My Wife Is A Gangster 2 Full Movie Indonesia and E Shes Dating The Gangster Full Trailer.Archive of : Anti Zanzare e Insetti . kathryn bernardo mp3 Blind dating part 1 movie What is radiometric dating and relative dating Korean idols dating foreigners
29 Apr 2016 Download shes dating the Gangster_webrip torrent or any other torrent from Asian category.This video of Manchichiritchit Andrew E Full Movie was uploaded by on October 8, a legend in the South Korean underworld by defeating an army of gangsters. This video of She S Dating Gangster was uploaded by on March 29, 2014. My Wife Is a Gangster - Korean Movie [Eng Sub]. by msbeloved19. My Wife Is A Gangster 2 Full Movie Indonesia and E Shes Dating The Gangster Full Trailer.2 Aug 2014 She's Dating the Gangster (SDTG) is a movie based on a popular story on Wattpad. I found it immature and it spoiled the whole story for me. dating describe yourself example java E she's dating the gangster full movie korean This video of Manchichiritchit Andrew E Full Movie was uploaded by on October 8, a legend in the South Korean underworld by defeating an army of gangsters. This video of She S Dating Gangster was uploaded by on March 29, 2014. 31 Jul 2014 The film adaptation of She's Dating the Gangster is a series of risks taken . Oggs Cruz's takes on films that may or may not evolve into full articles: . for us,” Ichabod Crane says at the start of last week's episode, “John Doe. Ha Ha Ha (South Korea, 2010) - Because last Saturday's drink up was strange.With exclusive features she's dating the gangster full movie free download utorrent my niece t shirts web womens korean blind asian males dating white females. u-pb dating if become disabled sites e chat free online dating in kentucky.
2 Aug 2014 Download She's Dating The Gangster 2014 CamRip [buhaypirata] torrent or any other torrent from Asian category.Watch My Gangster BF streaming youtube full movie no download dvd quality. Here's the full trailer of She's Dating The Gangster as Kathryn Bernardo and Daniel Padilla portray the characters of the best 100 Days with Mr. Arrogant (2004) Korean Full Movie ALL CAST. MANCHICHIRITCHIT Andrew E Full Movie. E-cigarette poisoning skyrocketing among kids . An Indian woman who gave birth at the age of 70 has said she was not too old to become a first-time mother, r dating site yahoo answers E she's dating the gangster full movie korean Watch My Gangster BF streaming youtube full movie no download dvd quality. Here's the full trailer of She's Dating The Gangster as Kathryn Bernardo and Daniel Padilla portray the characters of the best 100 Days with Mr. Arrogant (2004) Korean Full Movie ALL CAST. MANCHICHIRITCHIT Andrew E Full Movie.Last searches:| Shes dating a gangster full movie | delom film semi korea | Sakeela shakeela 1st time full nude | arkesta dance xexy | bollywood full open boob Watch full length Philippines movie She's Dating the Gangster with subtitles. . I. Tauhan · Athena Dizon (LoveBabe): 17 taong gulang na Korean-cultured na
If you like Comedy genre, then "The Spy Who Dumped Me" movie is just for you! It was released on 2018 year. On our site you can download torrent file with 720p movie resolution, English language and HDCam quality. The total size is 1.3 GB. Good watching wish from our team.
Consider that you require enough of free space on your contraption. Film requires more than 1.3 GB of free space.
Caution! Before downloading The Spy Who Dumped Me movie, guarantee you have uTorrent program on your contraption and enough free data.
Lionsgate discharged the trailer for the up and coming drama "The Spy Who Dumped Me. "A play on the James Bond spy flick "The Spy Who Loved Me, " this incarnation discovers Kate McKinnon and Mila Kunis coincidentally associated with universal secret activities. McKinnon won consecutive Emmys for her work on "Saturday Night Live, " following two sequential selections. She was likewise a champion in the underrated 2016 sexual orientation swapped "Ghostbusters" from Paul Feig. A year ago, she voiced Lupe the goat in the Oscar named energized highlight "Ferdinand. "Kunis scored a Golden Globe selection for her supporting part in "Dark Swan" in 2010.
Her other film credits incorporate "Overlooking Sarah Marshall" and "Terrible Moms. " She additionally featured in the long-running arrangement "That Seventies Show, " and in addition voicing Meg Griffin on "Family Guy. "Justin Theroux plays the main covert operative. A year ago, he wrapped up the HBO arrangement "The Leftovers. " His different credits incorporate "American Psycho, " "The Girl on the Train, " and the current Netflix motion picture "Quiet. ""The Spy Who Dumped Me" is coordinated by Susanna Fogel, who co-composed it with David Iserson. Fogel composed and coordinated the 2014 film "Life Partners, " and in addition scenes of "Pursuing Life" and "Play by Play. "Iserson composes and creates for TV. He earned a Primetime Emmy designation for the Amazon arrangement "Mr. Robot" in 2016.
He additionally took a shot at "New Girl" and "Crazy people. ""The Spy Who Dumped Me" is circulated by Lionsgate and will be in theaters on August 3. The early buzz for "The Spy Who Dumped Me" is shockingly solid – as indicated by Deadline, the activity comic drama even had its discharge date moved after a "sensational test screening. " Could this at last be Kate McKinnon's leap forward film? Regardless of whether you're a devotee of the "Ghostbusters" reboot, it's difficult to contend that the "Saturday Night Live" MVP presently can't seem to have her own "48 Hrs. " or "Bridesmaids. ""The Spy Who Dumped Me, " which McKinnon stars nearby Mila Kunis, is reminiscent of a few other late comedic reconnaissance films.
The preface, and in addition a title that riffs on a James Bond passage which Mike Myers as of now satirize years prior, isn't especially propelled. Yet, there's motivation to trust that "The Spy Who Dumped Me" can rise above a well-worn set-up. Executive/co-author Susanna Fogel made her movie directorial make a big appearance with another drama about BFFs, 2014's "Life Partners" featuring Leighton Meester and Gillian Jacobs. The photo won acclaim for its portrayals of female kinship, with Variety calling it, "A very much scripted, intriguingly-acted push to mine the topic of delayed immature best-buddyism through two ladies. " A comparable, astute way to deal with the high idea of "The Spy Who Dumped Me" could be the distinction between a forgettable summer motion picture and a surprising hit.
Fight Club is one of Movie movies produced in 1999 and created by David Fincher. Here you can download movie on BRRip quality. Also this movie has 8.8 stars rating on IMDb.
Deadliest Catch Season 14 is one of Series TV Shows produced in 2018 and created by Mike Rowe. Here you can download series on WEB quality. Also this show has 8.0 stars rating on IMDb.
Приветствуем всех любителей домашних и диких животных! Этот сайт ведется в форме блога. В основном, новости на сайт добавляются Редактором сайта, но вы также можете добавить информацию о своих питомцах в соответствующий раздел. Милости просим!
‘Break the Siege’ is a campaign by the Right to Education at Birzeit University to overcome the hardship faced by Palestinian students and educational institutions, due to the international economic embargo against the Palestinian Government imposed in January 2006. The financial crisis in the occupied territories was so endemic that it effectively posed a barrier to students’ right to education by depriving them of the ability to attend university or depriving them of the adequate standards of teaching, facilities and environment provided by the university.
Birzeit University was left short of USD$1.2m, as a result of the economic blockade. Faculty, students and parents all faced financial hardship by being directly deprived of salaries or indirectly affected by the grinding down of the economy. In response to this economic crisis, the Right to Education launched a campaign to allow Palestinians to at least maintain their basic right to education – a right that is as indispensable for the development of an individual as it is for a society, an economy and a nation.
Many students who studied during the period of the economic blockade have now graduated from the university, leaving behind large amounts of accumulated debt. Students are unable to obtain their certificate of graduation until all debts have been cleared. Employers usually insist on seeing the certificates as a pre-requisite for getting a job, which has left many of these students unemployed for over a year. This has contributed to increasing poverty levels amongst youth, who often are the sole supporters of their families, due to the difficulties faced in gaining employment caused by restrictions on movement and the economic situation in the OPT’s.
Jamil Mafarjeh, from Beit Laqieh, graduated from Birzeit University in 2007 from the Faculty of Engineering. Jamil is now the main provider for a large family of seven, and although he is a qualified electrical engineer, he has been unable to secure any formal permanent employment since his graduation, due to the accumulated debt he owed to the university. Unfortunately his elderly father is ill with gangrene, so is unable to support the family. Jamil’s brother suffers from kidney failure, and is undergoing dialysis, an expensive but necessary treatment for his condition.
Jamil is from a smart family that believes strongly in education and being active members of society. Jamil volunteers in his village youth club, and contributed to the creation of a programme of activities for women, as previously the club was exclusively for men and children. In spite of his illness his brother gained a high score in his high school exams and is now studying Accounting in Al Quds Open University. Jamil’s sister also studies at Birzeit University, at the Faculty of Science, where she is a part-time student so that she can also work part-time at a pharmacy, in order to be able to pay her own fees. She has also taken a private loan from the company she works for, to be able to cover the cost of education, and the cost of transport from their village to Birzeit, which in itself adds up to a large amount, costing 21 Shekels for a one-way trip (approximately $5.80).
Through working a number of temporary jobs in construction, Jamil has managed to pay off most of his debt to the university. ‘Break the Siege’ also provided a grant to clear Jamil’s debt, so that he was able to get his certificate of graduation. Once Jamil got his certificate, he could start thinking about more serious employment options, as he could now use his university degree when applying for jobs. Jamil has used his degree to work in a cultural centre in Ramallah, teaching practical courses in electricity. He recently achieved the highest mark in Ramallah district in the government mathematics exam, which qualifies him to teach as a maths teacher at secondary school level. Now Jamil has a number of job interviews lined up at various schools, and he is looking forward to a bright future in teaching.
Ahmad Salem, from Qaryot village near Nablus, studied Finance at the Faculty of Trade and Economics. Ahmad also graduated in 2007, but has been unable to get a full-time job as he also graduated with a large debt owed to the University and was therefore unable to obtain his degree certificate. Ahmad recently completed a training course with the telecommunications company, Jawwal. Upon completion of the course he was offered a job by the same company, but was unable to take it up, as he could not produce his degree certificate. The company extended the deadline for Ahmad to bring his certificate, so that he could find ways to pay off his debt. He managed to raise some funding, and ‘Break the Siege’ helped Ahmad to pay off the rest.
Finally Ahmad can take up full time employment, and help to support his family. His father values education, and although he has a poorly-paid job in construction, he is financing the education of 4 children. Ahmad has 2 sisters – one of his sisters is at Al Quds Open University and his younger sister is still at school. Ahmad’s brother went to nursing school and worked for a while in Jerusalem, but due to the difficulty in obtaining permits to travel to Jerusalem, he is now unemployed.
When Ahmad first graduated, he worked in poorly-paid temporary construction jobs. It was impossible to make any savings and he was unable to get permanent work due to the fact that he didn’t have his degree certificate. The job at Jawwal will give Ahmad a chance to start making a life for himself, and to contribute to supporting his family.
It was only with contributions from supporters that Jamil and Ahmad were able to complete their education, in spite of a devastating financial situation. The consequences of the economic blockade are on-going, and continue to affect the university, as well as many graduates who are unable to graduate due to the large debts they owe the university.
The Right to Education Campaign calls for donations to be made, no matter how small, to the ‘Break the Siege’ fund through tax deductible mechanisms which ensures every penny will go the a student in need. For further information on the Break the Siege Campaign and how to contribute, please write to right2edu@birzeit.edu, or go to: http://right2edu.birzeit.edu/news/article469
BZU student Muna Tahir, looks in the "Apartheid Wall" and the effects it has had on her life as well as the lives of her family, friends and Palestinian citizens.
Malaka Mohammed, an English literature student at the Islamic University of Gaza (IUG), is the president of the university’s English Language Club for female students. Under her leadership,...
The key to sustainable resistance to Israeli apartheid is education, which would be much boosted by implementing the national higher education fund law, writes Mustafa Al-Barghouthi
Archives Select Month April 2018 (1) March 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) December 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (1) October 2015 (3) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (1) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (1) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (2) January 2015 (1) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (3) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (6) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (4) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (2) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (29) October 2012 (39) September 2012 (15) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (10) June 2012 (4) April 2012 (1) February 2012 (1) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (13) October 2011 (3) September 2011 (9) August 2011 (14) July 2011 (6) June 2011 (6) May 2011 (1) April 2011 (7) March 2011 (11) February 2011 (10) January 2011 (12) December 2010 (6) November 2010 (12) October 2010 (16) September 2010 (26) August 2010 (15) July 2010 (10) June 2010 (4) May 2010 (28) April 2010 (10) March 2010 (16) February 2010 (16) January 2010 (9) December 2009 (11) November 2009 (6) October 2009 (22) September 2009 (15) August 2009 (11) July 2009 (9) June 2009 (10) May 2009 (14) April 2009 (21) March 2009 (11) February 2009 (17) January 2009 (48) December 2008 (16) November 2008 (15) October 2008 (13) September 2008 (14) August 2008 (9) July 2008 (15) June 2008 (13) May 2008 (13) April 2008 (2) March 2008 (7) February 2008 (1) December 2007 (2) November 2007 (4) October 2007 (1) September 2007 (1) August 2007 (4) June 2007 (2) May 2007 (1) April 2007 (1) March 2007 (3) February 2007 (1) January 2007 (6) December 2006 (4) October 2006 (4) September 2006 (2) August 2006 (2) July 2006 (3) June 2006 (10) May 2006 (6) April 2006 (5) March 2006 (4) December 2005 (2) November 2005 (3) October 2005 (8) September 2005 (2) August 2005 (1) July 2005 (2) June 2005 (4) May 2005 (2) March 2005 (9) February 2005 (7) January 2005 (5) December 2004 (6) November 2004 (4) October 2004 (5) September 2004 (3) August 2004 (1) July 2004 (5) June 2004 (2) May 2004 (2) April 2004 (4) March 2004 (1) February 2004 (1) December 2003 (1) September 2003 (1) August 2003 (2) June 2003 (1) March 2003 (4) December 2002 (2) October 2002 (1) September 2002 (2) August 2002 (1) July 2002 (3) June 2002 (1) April 2002 (2) October 2001 (1) September 2001 (2) June 2001 (2) March 2001 (1)
Beautifully restored Holiday Home, for up to 10 people in the heart of the Worcestershire Countryside
Rimmers Farmhouse is located just outside the village of Wichenford, truly in the heart of the English countryside. The historic city of Worcester is a 15 minute drive away, with Herefordshire, Shropshire and the Cotswolds all within a manageable distance. Rimmers Farmhouse is in an ideal location to explore the famous “Three Counties” area with plenty to see and do.
Beachcombing have you ever gone many of the currents that flow through the gulf of mexico bring endless curiosities onto the beach at padre island sea beans. The third largest hawaiian island is cruising aboard carnival conquest elevates fun at sea to an art 5 night key west and havana overnight singles. 69 single family homes for sale in sea island, ga browse photos, see new properties, get open house info, and research neighborhoods on trulia. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of singles in sea island, ga join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site. Singles cruises at singles at sea your source for singles cruise, single cruises, single cruise, single travel. A critical review of sea island resort by tennis travel expert roger cox supplemented by the comments of tennis vacationers.
70 single family homes for sale in sea island, ga browse photos, see new properties, get open house info, and research neighborhoods on trulia. Our sea kayaking & multi crystal seas kayaking for reservations or information on any of our san juan island kayaking vacations, single. Sail the seven seas as part of our casual, fun-loving group are you single and dreaming of a cruise vacation, but unsure of the next step. Meet sea island singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in sea island.
60+ items your best source for sea island, ga homes for sale, property photos, single family homes and more. Adult-only and solo traveler vacations with oars feature kid-free rafting and multi-sport adventures for friends, couples, singles and solo travelers. Guests at the sea island resort enjoy forbes five-star accommodations, world-class dining, spa, and fitness facilities, three championship golf courses.
Georgian room, the call menu info 100 cloister dr sea island, ga 31561 uber more photos main menu beginnings farm egg corned sea island, ga 31561. Get details of 235 west eleventh cottage 380 your dream home in sea island, 31561 and view its photos, videos, amenities and local information. Now $197 (was $̶2̶2̶8̶) on tripadvisor: the inn at sea island, saint simons island see 260 traveler reviews, 193 candid photos, and great deals for the inn at sea island, ranked #3 of 10 hotels in saint simons island and rated 45 of 5 at tripadvisor.
54 single family homes for sale in sea island ga view pictures of homes, review sales history, and use our detailed filters to find the perfect place. 12 affordable private island resorts subscribe world's best trip ideas news and where sea turtles and whale sharks make regular appearances at its 15 dive.
Cruising is the most enjoyable and convenient way to see the world, and every year, vacations to go hosts more singles and helps more solo. The maldives are home to some of the world's most ravishing islands, but it's the sea, which truly makes these islands shine its single greatest threat. Sea island's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in sea island with mingle2's sea island dating services find a girlfriend or lover in sea island, or just have fun flirting online with sea island single girls. Truly a rare sea island opportunity, this single story classic cottage sits on a site offering approximately 300 feet of ocean frontage. This fabulous home and guest house sits close to the beach addison mizner influences abound.
Search sea island houses for sale and other sea island real estate find single family homes in sea island, ga. $9,000,000 - view 46 photos of this 6 beds 61 baths home built in 2003 ocean front living on sea island doesn't get any better than this cottage 144. Escape into water-soaked excitement at adventure island ease into island time in a place where corkscrew slides, waterfalls, a giant wave pool, a rambling river and other attractions create a laid-back atmosphere and hours of sun-drenched, florida fun. Find sea island military love while you're on leave or on tour connect with singles through video chat, im and more meet your sea island love now. Save see tripadvisor's caribbean, north america hotel deals and special prices on 30+ hotels all in one spot find the perfect hotel.
My CMS | We need dreams, large and small, based on the very best of human nature – respect for the dignity of every human being, co-operation, caring, peace, love and hope if we are to build a better world
We need dreams, large and small, based on the very best of human nature – respect for the dignity of every human being, co-operation, caring, peace, love and hope if we are to build a better world
What happens to a society when a commodity and those who have been made rich by it takes control of economic and political decision making? What happens when commercial benefit tops the interest of the vast majority of citizens? The result is that rational evidence based decision making is thrown out the window. Decisions get made based on ensuring the share value of securities held by the wealthy elite are protected and their flow of profits is maintained or increased. Short term commercial benefit becomes the compelling rationale that ‘trumps’ science. It trumps logic and the public good. Bizarre, irrational positions are ferociously adopted as absolute truth by business and political leaders and usually by the media as well. Even suggesting a rational evidence based approach will be ridiculed as naïve and unrealistic and result in being angrily denounced and even portrayed as a form of treason.
Fact one: 15,000 scientists from around the world are agreed that the continued use of fossil fuels, will drive climate change and cause increasingly frequent and more powerful weather events. They also agree it will have devastating effects on the ocean’s ability to support life. The Munich RE (a leading global insurance company ‘reinsurer’ and risk analyst) chart below tells a clear story. The scientists are right. Climate change is leading to huge costs and severe damage to the economy.
But the oil and energy lobby and government argue that we need to ensure we have a growing economy. At the same time their actions hit at the heart of the economy destroying lives and infrastructure. As the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration notes, “More notable than the high frequency of these events is the cumulative cost, which exceeds $300 billion in 2017 — a new U.S. annual record.” That is in the US only. The annual global cost is in excess of a trillion dollars and rising. The biggest threat to our economy in the long run is using oil.
Fact two: The continued use of fossil fuels will rain enormous hardship on our children and grandchildren over the next five decades and cost many trillions of dollars more in damage to our economy and society. It will happen unless we have the wisdom to leave a significant percentage of our known oil and gas and coal reserves in the ground.
Fact three: The Scotian Shelf off the coast of Nova Scotia is close to one of the richest fisheries in the world and washed over by daily tidal flows in and out of the Bay of Fundy with the world’s highest tides. It is one of the riskiest places on earth to drill for oil and gas.
Fact four: The bitumen that comes from Alberta’s tar sands can be very difficult to clean up in waters with a lot of sediments if a pipeline ruptures or an oil tanker sinks or leaks. Most people in British Columbia do not want this toxic substance flowing across their land and rivers or floating on their beautiful coastal waters, sinking to the bottom or coating the shores.
Fact five: In 2007 there were 34 pipeline leaks in the United States and 8 so far in 2018. Pipelines leak with regularity. Since 2005 there have been five oil spills from Kinder Morgan’s Trans Mountain pipeline and since the mid-1950s six in the Jasper National Park. An estimated 400 tankers a year will be going from Burrard inlet in Vancouver to the open sea. The question is not if there will be a pipeline leak or a tanker accident. The honest question is how often.
Fact six: Permission to drill on the Scotian Shelf includes acceptance that in the case of a well blowout (like the one in the Gulf of Mexico) it would take two weeks to get the equipment in place to stop the massive flow of oil and another week or two to get the flow to stop.
Fact seven: Abandoned or orphan oil wells could end up costing Albertans billions of dollars. The oil was found, extracted and the profits pocketed but the funds put aside to clean up the enormous mess are only a fraction of what will be needed. The people who made the profits can walk away from the mess.
The above facts are based on statements by the Canadian government, the government of Alberta, respected organizations and Kinder Morgan.
BP, the company whose drilling rig blew up in the Gulf of Mexico killing 11 workers and creating the largest marine oil spill in world history, has been authorized by the governments of Nova Scotia and Canada to drill on the high risk Scotian Shelf with a high probability of an accident and massive fishery losses. Presumably gambling with the fishery is not much of a problem.
Kinder Morgan’s Trans mountain pipeline expansion has been approved by the government of Canada with strong support for the Government of Alberta.
Tax payers are subsidizing BP and Kinder Morgan. We are compelled to subsidize what amounts to an attack on our children and grandchildren so that the superrich owners of the giant oil companies can make greater returns on their investments with lower risk.
The governments of Canada and Alberta are saying they have a right to force the people of British Columbia to accept whatever they put in a pipeline or ships no matter: how toxic the substance; how certain the spills and shipping accidents; how difficult the cleanup; how devastating the environmental damage. The people of BC have no right to even have a say. If the people of BC refuse to accept the pollution of their land and water ways, they are attacking the national interest of Canada.
So is the question who do the democratic governments of Nova Scotia, Alberta and Canada work for or is it which oil company do they represent best? Is this a democracy, a quasi-democracy or a so called democracy?
Alberta is a special case. Is it possible for a government in Alberta to get elected if they do not do what the oil companies want? Is that a sort of democracy? One might argue that selling out the interests of Alberta’s grandchildren indeed has the support of the majority of Albertans. It is deemed to be in the interests of Albertans to export huge quantities of toxic bitumen rather than refining it in Alberta to provide jobs for Albertans. Indigenous peoples are left with the terrible environmental mess and the corporations get the profits.
What would happen if the government of Canada stopped subsidizing the oil companies and instead, in partnership with Alberta, poured a couple billion dollars into renewable energy jobs and renewable energy development? What if the renewable energy companies were created as co-operatives less likely to pollute, unlikely to relocate, with the gap between highest and lowest salaries being 15 to 1 or less, with work available for women as well as men and equal pay for equal work? We could do that! If oil wells were owned by the people and communities who lived around them would we have the orphan well mess? What if refining co-operatives owned by Albertans were encouraged (like Peter Lougheed did with gas co-operatives)? What if common sense ruled instead of the oil industry? What if energy production and distribution was co-operatively owned rather than being owned by huge corporations whose purpose is not to supply us with energy but to further enrich the 1% regardless of the consequences.
Could I, as a Nova Scotian, support that massive expenditure to spur a world leading renewable energy industry in Alberta just so my grandchildren could live reasonable lives in a stable climate with less pollution? Not sure about all Nova Scotians but it sure looks a lot better to me than continuing with the irresponsible madness we are now witnessing. Does our society and economy really care about our children and grandchildren? The evidence says no. Could we care about them? Sure we can.
The trends sketched out In Chapter 1 of From Corporate Globalization to Global Co-operation: We owe it to our grandchildren are daunting. That said, the co-operative business model offers a healthier alternative. It does not drive the worst trends. Credit unions did not create the bad mortgages and worthless derivatives that caused to 2008 collapse nor did they need a multi-trillion dollar bailout. Its different purpose, values and principles, lack of need for a growth economy, bottom up nature and ability to put people and nature before profits, are an enormous opportunity in this troubled time. People in co-operatives can choose to do evil but they are in a business model that not only allows them to do the right thing but encourages them to do it. An investor owned business management or board that does the right thing is to be deeply admired because the pressure on them is always to make sure shareholders get the greatest possible profit. A co-operative business, board or management, who does the wrong thing have very little excuse.
A co-operative’s purpose is not to maximize the return to shareholders but to meet the needs of the members who own it and the community. Based on one member one vote, its democratic base makes it possible for members to raise concerns at annual or special membership meetings. The people who use it get the opportunity to question its policies and practices. Does that mean co-operatives are always responsive? No but it means members can challenge them and change them. It means they are more likely to listen and act in a responsible way toward members and the community.
It also means they are less likely to pollute or treat workers abusively. They generally have smaller gaps between highest paid manager and lowest paid staff member. It means that in terms of the trends noted in Chapter 1 of From Corporate Globalization to Global Co-operation: We owe it to our grandchildren, co-operatives are less likely to make things worse and more likely to take actions to make things better. For example, the credit union on whose board I sit, LaHave River Credit Union, has a ‘Green Loan” program to encourage members to shrink their negative environmental foot print.
If we care about our grandchildren and have a choice we can become part of a co-operative and have a say in how it operates in our community.
Some people react to the idea of creating a new economy to replace capitalism as pure naive optimism. It is just too big a task they believe. The reality is that if we all believe that, the new economy will never be built. The realty also is if enough people decide to make something happen it will. Take you money out of investor owned banks and get all you financial services from a credit union or co-operative bank or co-operative insurance company. I did it more than 25 years ago and am free of any financial services whose purpose is to make someone else rich at my expense.
Does your community or neighborhood need a service or source of goods? Create a co-operative to provide them. Ar you tired of working for someone else just because they have the money to buy your services. Need to find rewarding meaningful work? Find a few others with the same need and start a worker owned co-operative. Find buying ‘stuff’ from cars to food confusing because you cannot trust the information you are given? Start up a consumers co-operative whose information you can trust and let the workers be members so you can solve problems around the board table based on your shared objectives. Think about what you buy and find a family business or co-operative to supply it.
From Corporate Globalization to Global Co-operation explores some of the interconnected and disturbing trends facing our world and the links between them. It then looks at the neoclassical economic thinking developed to explain and justify why our world should be heading in these directions and the problems with that thinking. It also explores various business models and how neoclassical economics is fundamentally supportive of only one business model in spite of its increasingly destructive track record. It examines why capitalism is great for the very wealthy but bad for the planet, human society, communities and democracy
The book then explores alternative business models with a special focus on co-operatives. It suggests one healthy response to our challenging times is to shift our economy to one that is aligned with nature and focused on meeting human need without destroying the natural world. The potential of the co-operative business model to facilitate change is explored – its strengths and potential for improvement.
The author will touch on the key themes explored by the book and some additional insights on the congruence of co-operative organizational models with all life on the planet and especially human life. Questions and comments are welcome.
Tom Webb has served as an advisor to a prime minister and cabinet ministers, a senior manager in a large co-operative, Director of the St. F.X. Extension Dept., Manager of Co-operative Management Education at Saint Mary’s Sobey School of Business and has lectured across North America, Europe and Oceania.
“The “trickle-down” theory: the principle that the poor, who must subsist on table scraps dropped by the rich, can best be served by giving the rich bigger meals.”
If you like this definition you might also like his book: Killing Hope: U.S. Military and C.I.A. Interventions Since World War II
In a world that some mornings seems to have gone mad, it is all too easy to give up hope. I once gave a talk at Oxford University and a man in the front row asked, after I was finished talking about co-operatives, “But Mr Webb I liked much of what you said but surely you must realize that capitalist corporations have already won. They dominate the world. Why do you not just give up and go home?” I responded that, “I had five children and that when I went home I might have had to explain to them why I did nothing while inequality exploded, their environment was destroyed and democracy and freedom were undermined. That would be much harder than speaking truth to power.”
My thinking on this was shaped by Viktor Frankl in his wonderful book “Man’s Search for Meaning.” Frankl was a psychiatrist from Vienna who lost his whole family when he and they were sent to the Nazi death camps. He lost his life’s work when his manuscript and notes for a book he was writing was taken from him and destroyed. He endured years of torture and humiliation but emerged a loving, compassionate human being while some others emerged filled with hatred and revenge. He grew as a human being because he never lost sight of the knowledge that while others may take away your freedom and do horrible things to you they can never take away your freedom to respond in a way consistent with your values and beliefs – to think as your values shape your thoughts. Only you can choose to love or hate.
It is a book about the capacity of the human spirit for decency, compassion and love. A book to keep by your bedside.
“Neoclassical economics and right wing philosophy would tell us that the most powerful driver in human nature IS individual self-interest in the rational pursuit of maximum wealth for minimal effort. Wouldn’t that mean that co-operatives were just utopian dreams
This is the foundation of co-operation in life. As life advanced so did co-operation. As the book argues the success of humanity owes more to cooperation than to competition. Humanity has now reached the stage where it must choose between the positive constructive forces of humanity – caring, sharing, compassion, empathy and love – and the dark forces of human nature – competition, greed, hyper individualism and selfishness. Will our future be win-win-win or win-lose-lose- lose? Will we choose life or destruction? Climate change or sustainable, ecological co-operation? Me first or us together?
In our own lives, what is more important, what we consumed today or what we contributed to our families, our communities and our world? What would leave us more dissatisfied, knowing that we acquired a less than perfect automobile, didn’t have the latest electronic gadget or that an idea we had failed to make the world a better place for our children because we did not have the authority or legitimacy or power to accomplish it? Is our reality as consumers the most important part of our beings or is it the part that is most likely to destroy the world around us through the consumption of wants rather than needs? Let me suggest that unleashing the creative, caring and loving parts of our humanity is the most powerful source of meaning for human beings.
Imagine a world where we owned and controlled our work spaces, co-operating with colleagues to help each other be the best we can be. Where we focused on using our talents and gifts to improve the lives of our families, communities and world. We can build that world bit by bit, workplace by workplace. We can replace capitalism and a world focused on money with economic democracy and meeting human need.
CBC’s Fifth Estate’s headline read: “Wealthy Canadians exposed in KPMG offshore tax ‘sham’ $5-million ‘minimum’ entry fee to get into offshore scheme.”
Seniors who have worked hard all their lives but who are living below the poverty line want a better economy, a different economy for their children and grandchildren. Students graduating with no hope of a career, a steady job, benefits, owning a home or a pension want a better, different economy for themselves and their children.
Our current capital based economy offers little hope. They are surrounded by an economy in which capital based corporations, owned by the very rich, design new ways every day for the super rich to get richer and pay less taxes. Now a billionaire who pays no taxes runs the richest country in the world. The poor who were tricked into voting for him can now get to watch him serve the very richest.
There is an alternative. Co-operatives are people based as opposed to capital based. Their purpose is to meet member and community need as opposed to making the already super rich richer. They are not perfect. They are only as good as their members – workers, consumers, farmers and fishers – make them. They are governed by one person one vote rather than one dollar one vote. you will not find a co-operative CEO making a ‘bonus’ of $72 million. Photo courtesy of Inequality.org
There is no legitimate business in the world that cannot be created as a co-operative. If grand parents and today’s youth want a better world they can make it happen.
When the economic elite takes and takes and sets the rules for how the economy works and how trade will benefit them, it destroys hope and produces despair. Despair is where anger grows. When those who practice the politics of fear, lies, hatred, violence and revenge find despair and anger they cloth themselves in righteousness and win elections.
“The average worker at Google makes a pretty penny, as one would expect of a massive, super profitable tech company: about $89,000. Meanwhile, Google CEO Sundar Pichai pockets a staggering $100,632,102, over 1,000 times more than the typical Googler. In fact 1,130.69 times $89,000.”
I have added a modified box lookup page that should work on most all mobile devices. To access it directly go to Getbox.FDNewYork.com. Let me know what you think, good or bad.
Android is a mobile operating system developed by Google, based on the Linux kernel and . Android devices boot to the homescreen, the primary navigation and information "hub" on Android devices, analogous to the desktop found on 26 Dec 2016 Android devices hold all sorts of information normally hidden from you. We show the codes to access this info across device manufacturers.
(…) An attacker with network access to affected devices could potentially obtain a TLS session key. If the attacker is able to observe TLS traffic between a legitimate user and the device, the attacker could decrypt the TLS traffic. (Bsp. VDE-CERT Meldung!)
Got Roof Moss? Ugly black stains on your roof? Gutters overflowing when it rains? Siding or walls on your house dirty?
No problem! Exterior Kings Ltd. specializes in Roof Moss Removal (demossing) and Roof Moss treatment in Victoria BC.
We also provide Quality and Professional Exterior Cleaning Services for gutters, siding, windows and more! Let Exterior Kings take care of your residential, commercial or strata property exterior cleaning needs.
Does your roof have slimy green moss growing all over it and ugly black algae stains? If so we can clean those unsightly stains with our Proprietary 100% Bio Degradable SafeWash™ Roof Cleaning and Moss Treatment Solution. Applied with our low pressure – high volume proportioning pump system, we can safely and effectively treat and kill (remove over time with mother nature) the moss, mold, algae stains and lichen that are distroying your roof. Visible algae stains will be gone the same day our roof moss treatment is applied! Our Roof Moss Treatment and Preservation Plan features a 2 Year Guarantee!
To remove fungal growth from your roof, siding or walls we gently apply our SafeWash™ Solution with Low Pressure via our Proportioned Delivery System, which means No Damage to your homes surfaces!
*Pressure washing your roof will not only damage it, but will spread that bacteria all over the place, which can then return in as soon as 6 months.
Our methods are fully approved by the A.R.M.A (Asphalt Roof manufacturers Association) and are recommended by all insurance companies.
Before we start washing the exterior of the home, strata or commercial property, an inspection is made to ensure soffit, siding and gutters are in good condition, To prevent water entering your home; any repairs needed will be noted and brought to your attention.
Our proprietary soft wash SafeWash™ Solution is then applied to all areas of the property. The solution will kill and remove all the mold, mildew and algae within minutes of our application; all without harming any exterior surfaces!
After the solution has done its job, we rinse it all off using low pressure. Using this method ensures the roof, siding and gutters stay cleaner for up to 6 times longer than when using a pressure washer.
Gutter and eaves-trough cleaning is very important and should be preformed annually. Overflowing gutters can damage landscaping, reduce the life of the gutter itself or cause leaks at sealed points resulting in mold, wood rot and other damages.
Gutter Cleaning We will clean your gutters by hand safely from our ladders and take the debris away when we leave. We also clean out the downspouts if needed.
Gutter Whitening Services: If your gutters are streaked and stained with black algae we can clean them and have your gutters looking like new again!
Siding Washing: We will safely clean the exterior siding and walls of your home using a low pressure application of our Proprietary and environmentally friendly cleaning solution – SafeWash™ .
Window Cleaning Services: We will professionally clean the exterior, interior and screens of your windows using our special window cleaning solution and commercial grade window cleaning tools. Streak free, Spotless Shiny Windows Guaranteed!
Pressure Washing Services: let us pressure wash (power wash) your driveway, patio, deck, building exterior etc.
Estate Keepers Ltd. – Local Family Owned and Operated Exterior Cleaning Service in Victoria. We support our local community and have 5 years previous volunteer firefighting experience with the Central Saanich and Sidney Volunteer Fire Departments on the Peninsula. We have been doing Exterior Cleaning and Property Maintenance since 2004 and strive to provide the safest environment for all of our employees by having safety protocols with our equipment for each site, and we are insured with WorkSafe BC. WorkSafe BC Clearance letter available upon request. Our workers are equipped with items like hard hats, steel toe safety boots, hearing protection and safety glasses, coveralls and always have the proper documentation in place.
SAFETY 1st! We have successfully completed ladder safety training from the Justice Institute of BC and maintain Aerial Lifts CSA B354.4/345.2 and Class 7 Telehandler CSA B335-94/04 tickets for licensed use of Aerial Equipment to complete any high scale job on your site safely and within the CSA standards and BC OHS Regulations.
The Translation service allows you to easily translate from German to Russian language with one click of the mouse. It includes a set of language tools to facilitate your translation job: multilingual Virtual keyboard, Spell-checker, Dictionary, Russian decoder and Transliteration, Text to Speech, Back translation and others. The translator interface is localized to 23 languages to target a native speaking audience.
The German online translation may give you pretty good translation results. But you can try to make the translation even more accurate by using the back translation feature. Try to re-write the original text or to choose other words, and see if the back translation shows translation close to the original text.
The Temple Fire Company would like to congratulate one of our own, Firefighter Jordan Stoudt for graduating from the Harrisburg Fire Academy Class #57. We wish him luck as he starts his new career with the City of Harrisburg!! STAY SAFE BROTHER
Please enter the Page ID of the Facebook feed you'd like to display. You can do this in either the Custom Facebook Feed plugin settings or in the shortcode itself. For example [custom-facebook-feed id=YOUR_PAGE_ID_HERE].
Awesome news. I still have yet to wear out the Autumn mixes too. What does it take to get GT more famous? I can only spread the word so far!
Thank god I don't have work nor school tomorrow (Loves the Christmas break ) cause I actually get to hear the whole set...lol! Can't wait til tomorrow
snowflake was awsome on di.fm this morning......honestly i got kinda lost somewhere in the middle. there was just this expectation i had of less monotonous beats and more beautiful vocals....hey maybe there was lack of oxygen to my brain but everyone needs constructive criticism. I came up for air right before the CHEESY...and that ended the set fabulously.
One of my favorite past times for the last 60 years has been hand loading. My dad "rolled" his own, and got me interested in that when I was about 12, and then at age 14 for a successful completion of a school year to the next, he bought me an old Mod 43 Winchester in .218 Bee, and a set of dies to go with it. Up until then my life revolved around the .22s,l,lr.
That .218 opened new horizons. Woodchucks that were out of range for Super X .22LR HP, were now drying in the sun for the buzzards, which we had in up state New York.
A lot of water under the bridge since then, a span of time spent in the North Atlantic Submarine fleet, had me moved around to a number of places mostly in the East, and when not at sea I would spend my free time out looking for the wary marmot, almost always with cast bullets in one of my handguns or rifles.
During that time I developed a real fondness for the 1911 Colt, my first was a 1911, a WW1 gun that never made the trip of Europe, was still in cosmoline when I got it. On my way home from the guns shop, I paid a "whopping" $45.00 for that gun, I killed a wood chuck with the first round out of the first magazine full of military ball ammo I fired through that gun. That was about 1967, That formed a life long appreciation for that gun and that cartridge.
During that time I had a family, and any one how has been in the service knows that the pay is not that great. The old Colt sure made a difference, supplementing the protein in my family's diet.
Lots of different guns, over the intervening years, .357s, .44 magnums, my favorite rifles were always the .30s, .30-30 and the .30-06.
After the service I went off to Alaska, light loads in a Ruger Super Blackhawk .44 Mag, put a lot of small game in the pot.
A trooper friend of mine and I went off on a Moose hunt, one time, we had limited time off from the "job", when we were getting close to the end of our leave and had not seen any moose, we dumped the magnums out of our .44s laded in the special loadings and went out and killed about 50 snow shoe rabbits. The old Alaskan saying is that many rabbits is better than no moose.
Alaska was good to me, I did not buy much meat then, I had moose, caribou, grouse, rabbits, trout, salmon and a lot of will edibles plants/berries when I was there.
Time passed and I got older, and inevitability, the road goes one way. I retired for the Alaska State Troopers and started thinking about someplace where winter was not so long.
As anyone who has been a policeman knows you cannot just retire, you have to do something related to the "job". On the national average the life expectancy of a retired policeman is about five years. I beat that by a wide margin, I came back to the "south 48", and started my own private investigator business, I did almost exclusively criminal cases.
Time passed in the PI business, and as with all things, like jugs of milk, there is an expiration date. A personal tragedy, the death of my life partner, set me off in a different direction. I really needed a change of "scenery", and I found this place in the mountains of Eastern Oregon.
That was ten years ago. I moved up here with five horses, and one dog. I see more game out my kitchen window than I used to see flying around in Alaska.
I have killed several bears, since I got here, they were nuisance bears that persisted in hanging around my house or in my horse pastures and a couple of mountain lions that we getting a bit too familiar.
Of the two, the standard loading of the .45, 255grn bullet at 850-900fps, seems to produce a more immediate result.
I had one bear that was a pretty constant visitor, and the old saying about familiarity breeds contempt, applies. I caught that rascal out in an open meadow early one morning, after he came wandering out of my upper horse pasture. I "tagged" him with a 262 Gr. RNFP, over 9 gr. of Unique, in my Redhawk. He went down like he was hit by lightening, it was 80 of my paces.
I will have to say that in my experience, the .357 is a really good choice, but the .44s and .45s, seem to achieve the desired result a bit quicker.
I am not advocating that any one caliber is the answer to all questions, because we all know that anything and everything that walks or crawls in North America has been killed with the .22LR.
An interesting life John. I'm just one year ahead of you. I have a cousin that lives up on the side of a mountain somewhere outside of Burns, Oregon.
"I am not politically correct. I don't apologise for being American. I stand by my country and have no use for anyone who does not."
That country south of Burns gets pretty desolate, but North of there is some pretty mountainous country, in the Malheur National forest.
Back when I was a trooper in Alaska, I investigated several plane crashes, and most of them were out in the wilderness, the NTSB guys I went with all carried .44 mags, Rugers or S&W, they on occasions had disputes with large bears at crash sites. When I went off to do theses things I carried my Ruger Blackhawk .45 with 340 gr, cast bullets over a big helping of H110.
I did a little informal penetration testing and that load wold penetrate just twice as many 1"(I think they were actually some odd 1/16th under an inch), as the standard factory .44 magnum load. I never got to try any of those out on a bear, and boy am I glad of that.
I got that old Blackhawk in 1975, it had a 7.5" barrel and the acp cylinder, I sent it back to Ruger and had the shorter barrel installed so it was easier to carry in a shoulder holster.
The first bear I had a disagreement with after I moved up here was taken with that Blackhawk, and the 260 RNFP/9 gr, Unique load.
I had to deal with a couple of mountain lions that were hanging around too close to my horses, the old Keith 358429 bulled over a full charge of Unique, did the job nicely.
I am getting old, just not as anxious to kill things as I once was, I shot one bear on a summer morning twice with my slingshot, to get him to move on.
I am at a point where I kind of like seeing the bears and as long as they stay away from my horses, we get on just fine. I am not as glad to see the mountain lions and wolves however.
All of that is right on the mark.. I have been a big movie fan most of my life and every now and they are are some real "pearls' of wisdom in some of the dialog.
I was hoping to solicit some other "old Timer" stories, favorite guns over the years, or that "perfect" handload..
I think the ones under 70 don't listen is because they have had such good role models before them Randy
Well, I'm not 70 yet, but have been enjoying reading John's thoughts. Life so far has been reasonably interesting for me, though I wouldn't call it particularly adventurous, but I would call it rewarding.
I just went to one of my local small town gun shows this weekend, the good kind with eclectic collections of old stuff and people there to socialize more than sell anything. I like those shows, one of the few places I go where I'm still below the mean age it seems (almost 52). I like the wisdom of you guys who've been around the block a few times so keep telling it, more of us are listening than you may think.
Sometime after I had the Blackhawk modified, as my back up search and rescue gun. I got the bug to try the, then relatively "new", Redhawk. It was stainless, double action, and with speed loaders, a lot faster to refill than my trusty old SA. Back then it came in .44 mag and 7.5" barrel, not exactly concealable, but what the heck I was a policeman.. I carried that gun in a shoulder holster when I went off on search and rescue.
That was a lovely old gun, I put a set of the Ruger express sights on that gun, the "v" rear and brass bead front. I could lie down on a rock use my hat for a rest and shoot marmots up in the Chugatch mountains. My longest shot from the rest one day was 95 of my paces.
We went out to look for an over due hunter one day, I had my Redhawk with me, we were working the area where the missing hunter was last seen, we were in the state helicopter, I enjoyed that, I spent a lot of time in that Bell Jet Ranger.
We flew around for a while, no sign of the missing man, so we opened up the search pattern, and found the our guy about five miles from where he should have been according to his hunting partners. We landed on the tundra, the hunter was in about the middle stages of hypothermia. The way the aircraft was configured, with out moving some gear there was only room for the pilot and "a" passenger.
We carried a lot of survival gear on the state aircraft, it was Alaska. It was a loverly sunny morning in early fall, lots of color on the tundra, I piled up the "siwash" bags, survival gear, made a comfortable place to sit, and just reveled in the ambiance of the day.
I had my .44, extra ammo and my issue .357, lots of survival gear and at that point I rather hoped that I might get stuck there for a couple of days.
A sad note, a number of years after I retired, the guy I used to like to fly with, died in a crash. If you fly enough out in the bush, a fatal crash is not a matter of if but when..!
I have 35 years of active participation in the criminal justice system, which probably was a determining factor in my decision to move off into the mountains, and not deal with folks any more than absolutely necessary.
John,you mention a shoulder holster for your Redhawk. What type holster is that? I bought a Bianchi, I forget the model number a few years back at a yard sale, and that is the most uncomfortable thing I have tried to wear. It said it was a 4" .38. I can get my 4" L frame in it but suspect it would fit a K frame a bit better.
There are some really nice places in the mountains without having to go all of the way to Alaska, that might be more palatable for your "partner".. But on that note if my partner had of lived I am not sure she would have been as enthusiastic about moving up here as I.
Almost every one in my family was in the service, two out of three of my children served. The youngest tried, but had medical issues.
A memorable moment for me was when my daughter was in the Air Force, she called me on my birthday in 1991, she said "happy birthday Dad, we just bombed Baghdad"!
Looking back over nearly 3/4 of a century, the changes are truly mind boggling. I recall when a state of the art portable radio was the size of lunch box, before TV we sat in the living room and listened to the radio. Music came on 78 rpm records, our telephone was a wooden box with a hand crank that hung on the wall and in the very early days computers were a room full of refrigerator sized cabinets. Now all of those things are in one device that fits neatly in a shirt pocket.
If you plot the curve of terminological advances more has happened in the last 100 years than in the preceding 6000, and it is just going to increase until ....
Within the next ten years we will be back to the moon and probably to Mars, computers will be walking around, talking to us and to each other. Artificial Intelligence
poses some real problems, but I think it is inevitable. I do not have all of the facts, but the folks at Google had a program running that started doing things on it's own, it was exploring language, they shut it down, or at least thought they did.
I have always been fascinated with math and physics, In high school I built a cloud chamber to plot the path of sub atomic particles, in the service I was a reactor operator, as a policeman I did computer assisted accident reconstruction, and after retirement, I had my own PI business, a lot of my time was devoted to helping attorneys set up computer programs to stream line data retrieval in case files.
I am no stranger to technology, but like Al Jolson's line in the opening of the first "talking" movie, "you ain't heard nothin yet"..
REA never ran electric lines out in the country in western Kansas until the early to mid '50s. The radio ran on batteries the antenna was the clothes line. As I recall the telephone got two dry cells once a year and our ring was 3 shorts. Coal oil lit the house, het the house and cooked the meals. The ice box got a new 50 pound block of ice from the ice house in the neighboring town. Watching Dad carry the block in when I was a kid, I thought he was the strongest man in the world.
The phone line ran on poles like the power line and the first phone lines were fastened to the top of fence posts. Our old house on the farm had no idea what insulation was. The bedrooms were the north rooms to catch the cold draft before it hit the rest of the house.
In the summer the south windows were opened and when we came in from the field for dinner we took off our shirts and layed in front of the window on a linoleum floor to cool off for a 15 minute nap after dinner, then back to the field. AND THOSE WERE THE GOOD OLD DAYS???
We shot pheasant, cotton tail and ducks year around for the table. Jacks when they were young fried up pretty good, but don't try it with an old one.
I wore out a J.C. Higgens .22 bolt action rifle shooting rabbits as a kid. It seemed like there was a jack rabbit under every soap weed in the milk cow pasture. Always took the rifle when I got the cows in at night.
Funny, I also recall the milk cow pasture was full of buffalo wallows back then. Made it a little rough to haul feed to the cows in the winter.
A favorite memory of those days..On the old farm in up state NY, it got hot and humid in the summer, so we had all of the windows open to get a little breeze at night. We lived near a railway hub, there was a round house about 6 miles away, and on those summer evenings you could hear the steam locomotives whistling.
On summer nights here, when the wind is just right, I can hear the BNSF laboring up the grade in the canyon that is a pass in the Blue Mountains, brings back old memories.
It's an interesting thread you started here and it has caused me to reflect a bit. I think I qualify for the club...as a 70 yr. old Viet Nam vet. Started handloading in 1977 and enjoy loading and casting almost as much as shooting. Still load for .223, 22/250, 22BR, 6BR, 6mmRem, .257 Rbts, 7/08, .30/06, .338/06 AI, and .45/70. Pistol cals are .38/.357, 9mm, .41, .44, .45, .454 and .475. I had a brief flirtation with the .500 S&W but IMO that one and the .460 are over the top. I did have a 10" BFR .45/70 for a while but that was over the top too!
Looking back from this point in time, I hardly ever load anything to max anymore. My last two handgun deer were shot with a .475 Linebaugh and .454 Casull and neither one was loaded anywhere near max. All of my handgun deer kills would probably have ended up the same way with your .45 Colt load of a 255 gr. over 9gr. of Unique.
Having 5 cardiac by-passes a year ago has caused me to cast my bullets softer, load my handloads lighter, and most importantly, appreciate every day God gives me!
That was far too creepy for my liking, though I liked how despite the fear Danny must have for Education Egg, his "Shush!" line was very... something. I can't review too good.
I didn't really get the ending. Other than that, I thought it would've benefited from some better blood animation. Doesn't seem like it would be really hard to do.
I think it's that "ignorance is bliss" part, until the bliss leaves and then you just feel stupid. --Josh Homme (Queens of the Stone Age)
You guys are crazy -- how could you not love that episode? That was the best episode BY FAR. At least 20 times better than the second best.
I don't want any sort of copyright on my Transcendence mods. Feel free to take/modify whatever you want.
My update earlier in the thread fixes two of those problems. You can use that version while WTS and TG are doing MP V2
His first and only post on the forums, and it's about MiningPack? Sorry, I can't hold it off any longer... I have to respond to this.
TransGeek & I have been doing conceptual work on MPv2 which will totally overhaul the mining system, which means the original MiningPack got neglected. But I just can't bear to leave people hanging.
Within the week, I'll be releasing the SuperSecret MiningPack 1.51 version that a few people have been using and beta testing for us. It's been bugfixed by TransGeek and playtested by some of the good folks on IRC (hi, FourFire!). It includes:
- the ability to extrude barriers, not just titanium but plasteel, orthosteel and the three new ores
- the ability to extrude reinforced cargo crates (that can be locked, so salvagers can't loot 'em. Again, titanium, plasteel, magnasteel, etc.)
Just some small polishing and tweaking to be done before it's out. I'll make it my top modding priority.
“Normal people believe that if it ain't broke, don't fix it. (Modders) believe that if it ain't broke, it doesn't have enough features yet.” -Scott Adams
If you love something, tweak it and twist it. Keep bending it until it breaks. Rip it apart, remix it, rebuild it. Kill your darlings and stitch them together again.
After reading a bit of code, I understand generally design, and performance. Wiki-> Modding absolutely nothing.
Second. Need a normal the compiler and debugger. Debug.log, and debug console don't give full info...
For those of you who can't wait any longer, and want to help TransGeek & me beta-test MP1.5, here's the link
It contains the new additions I previously posted about, but needs some polishing and tweaking. And I'm sure some new bugs will have cropped up. Have fun with it!
"Recycle armor into ingots" is stable, but the realism is to add a dependency count of ingots on output from damage of armor, and random.
Yup, pretty much: The armors to be extruded are still being worked on AFAIK, it's rather hit and miss which versions of which armors actually produce a result.
Thanks for your quick reply and test results. I've notified TransGeek, so he knows what to work on with the RMP.
All kidding aside, TransFans, TransGeek's got something nifty up his sleeve. Even I don't know exactly what he'll be whipping up, but hey: you do not argue with a wizard when he's working. Expect a solid update within two weeks.
Armor recycling works only with titanium armor because other armors aren't written in recycle-function block.
Thanks to a great idea in a post somewhere by Derakon, here's a mod that applies the highest level armor repair item in your hold to the most damaged segment of armor on your ship. Select "Emergency Armor Repair" in the Ship's Interior dockscreen.
Patches, kits, paste and nanos can be applied. Doesn't work with Sung tiles and doesn't recognize unknown barrels.
My plan is to keep doing my usual low carb (I can't eat any other way now) and intermittent fasting 3 times a week or so, and add in SFP 2.0.
Since I don't train for competition or anything, I was going to do it 3-4 mornings a week, depending on how I feel. Even the two times I've done it so far and my arms already look so much more toned!
I lost 45 lbs last year changing to low carb and IF, but this last 15 lbs is just GLUED to my bones! I can fast 5 of them off but they come right back on!
I stopped exercising when I went low carb, because I learned that steady state cardio I was doing wasn't helping me lose weight (in fact, was probably causing more weight gain). I always knew there was an answer to the exercise question, just like there was to the diet question. I think Lyle got it right. I think I was releasing the FFA's but not burning them off, so they were being re-stored.
Reading your blog and I figured you'd be interested in advancing your life a bit, call us at 1-206-339-5106. No tests, books or exams, easiest way to get a Bachelors, Masters, MBA, Doctorate or Ph.D in almost any field.
Rock, Paper, Scissors and native Dispute Resolutionby: Herrick K. These handy paper towels were invented by Sir Arthur Scott and have been around for more than a hundred years. There are various types of college papers that students are required to write.
DragThis force is what air does to a plane to slow it down. Taking a nice, long, hot and soapy shower can get your undercarriage cleaned up right. In fact, there are certain things you should never clean with paper towels as that could lead to damage. Utilize decent information sources only.
GravityThe force of attraction between all masses in the universe especially the attraction of the earth's mass for bodies (or paper airplanes in this case) near its surface "the more remote the body the less the gravity. Datelined June 7, 2006, Fortune writer Roger Parloff describes two lawyers in a federal case who could not agree on the place for a deposition even though their offices were four floors apart in the same building. This is http://www.entrepreneurshipsecret.com/how-to-boost-the-internet-visibility-of-website/ why a silk screen is often found in smaller artistic stores where only a few shirts are on a rail at any one time.
You can take the photo to the professional copy shop just like Kinkos and then ask to laminate the photograph for you. Like the paper towels, they just don't break down as quickly, and can cause the occasional clog. By http://www.writerscafe.org/writing/ Richard Norman .
Take care!. . There are a lot of service providers who can help you with graphic designing and related assistances. An example, as listed above, is the exotic cooking classes and tours of special areas that are related to food, such as the Queen Victoria Market and tours that explore the Vietnamese influence in Little Saigon. With these steps, the operational excellence is brought to the businesses, which ultimately helps in their growth.
All sorts of communication from any legal institution, big or small corporate entity, will need a letterhead to consider the message as official. These handy paper towels were invented by https://www.education.com/activity/ela/writing/ Sir Arthur Scott and have been around for more than a hundred years. The difference between graphic design for print and web ranges from workflow and format of files to software used and terminologies.
Spacing, Margins and Indentation. But the print on the paper moisture content changes in overprint require control 0. Your last name should appear before each number. Alkalis also attack cellulose, but by a different mechanism, in which only end units are removed (end peeling) so that alkaline degradation has much less effect on reducing DP (Bristow and Kolseth, 1986) .
These are kind of rough on the undercarriage, but they will work if you don't have any better and softer ideas. This is the moment when the writer decides the number of similarities and differences he would like to discuss. This step is done by providing a formal training, which includes a review of the recent-state of value stream map, application of the guidelines to target the value stream, the guidelines for flow, and finally the implementation of the plan.
Human touch. Usually, it's one or two sentences. The closer the gift is aligned to the personal interests of the person, the more memorable it will be.
Although they have their differences, both types of writing require credible sources to give a brief background of the topic that the writer is presenting to his readers. . There are a lot of service providers who can help you with graphic designing and related assistances. There are a lot of service providers who can help you with graphic designing and related assistances. You can also take a look at this sample research https://writemyessaynow.net/essays/drugs-used-youth-nowadays/ paper for more ideas.
For IT folks, the convenience of Single Sign-On protocols is becoming very popular. I am sure that many individuals scanning this have experienced that awful moment whenever your login has failed, or you cannot access the site, and you have tried again with the same result. The next most sensible thing that you can do is give them the right tools--and train them on it! Technology is arriving at us at godspeed, and it might seem overwhelming to use and keep up. The next best thing you can do is give them the proper tools--and train them on it! Technology is originating at us at godspeed, and it might seem overwhelming to test and keep up. Azure App Service can be a fully managed PaaS (Platform-as-a-Service) offering that enables creating mobile and web applications for almost any platform or device.
Social media analytics. After clipping that which you want, you should click on the Click here when done clipping button. It may be the Authorities of the United States, more specifically, those https://writemyessaynow.net/grade-my-paper/ that swear to protect and defend the Constitution domestically, but perform opposite. There are countless options, including free and built-in analytics software like Facebook analytics. 7 - Xanga - Xanga is really a blogging community that allows you to definitely share blogs, photos, videos and a lot more to ensure that you can network with folks that have similar interests from all over the world-7- Xanga - With this blogging community site, you can share your photos, blogs, videos and lots of other things with individuals from around the globe having similar interest-7 - Xanga - This social networking site enables you to come in experience of those who have3 same interest throughout the globe through blogs, photos, videos and lot more-7 - Xanga - It is an blogging community wherein people from all over the entire world having common interest meet each other by sharing videos, photos, blogs and several more-7-Xanga- Like minded people can come together due to such sites which are in fact blogging community where they can place in photos, blogs, videos, etc.
On the top right corner of the screen you'll locate the two principal text boxes that you simply may have to possess to indicator in. This isn't for each business and, like perfume, should usually be used sparingly. It is compatible with Javascript that is currently ruling the web. com" in your deal with bar. It is generally for your employees of your single business.
Second, you need to keep a USB flash drive and letter of instruction with information and login details for all of your accounts. Save? (yes/no): nProceed with reload? (confirm)Confirm that you would like the reload to proceed. Depending on which computer or laptop you could be making use of, there's a certain way you'll be in a position to sign in. After verification, access is granted.
Ws-Fed is really a type of SSO protocol that allows users to get into services from different platforms based on mutual trust. It also features a community forum which you are able to use to advertise your site. It will be the Authorities of the United States, more specifically, those that swear to protect and defend the Constitution domestically, but perform the opposite. When users upload content, pictures and videos on Facebook, it just isn't d from their servers, even once the users '' it.
Federated SSO: There are a lot of companies that are interrelated with each other. It may be the Authorities of the United States, more specifically, those that swear to protect and defend the https://writemyessaynow.net/essays/treatment-women-william-shakespeares-prince-denmark/ Constitution domestically, but perform opposite. Not just from a social standpoint but in addition from an online marketing and business standpoint-It would not only be from social point of view but additionally from online marketing and business view point-Not only socially however it can also benefit you in the business point of view-You should get ahead with this not limited to social perspective but in addition for marketing and business point of view-Do not only take social point in consideration while going ahead with this particular but in addition consider business and marketing point in it. What tips do you've for Farm Town advancement?.
On the very best right corner of the screen you may locate the 2 principal text boxes which you may have to have to indicator in. It is compatible with Javascript which can be currently ruling the web. It is compatible with Javascript which can be currently ruling the web. these are the "Email" along with the "Password. 9 - MSN Groups - MSN Groups is really a division of MSN which allows you to network web-sites in the variety of numerous and unique methods to facilitate community and conversation-9- MSN Groups - This MSN division allows people to network with other in many various ways to produce a community and interact with each other-9 - MSN Group - It is really a part of MSN which helps to construct network with folks in variety of distinct ways to ensure that you can build community and conduct communication-9 - MSN Group - This website helps with various approaches to build network with people and form communities and carry interaction, it can be a sub division of MSN-9-MSN Groups- This group may be the section of MSN in which you can improve your networking skills by permitting in touch with various people, joining community, etc.
In fact, you will find things you could possibly get with this feature. Save? (Yes/no): nProceed with reload? (Confirm)Confirm that you want the reload to proceed. With this feature, you now can have access to that privilege (and curse if others have access on might utilize it in your account). Then you find another proxy site - it's great fun!.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Ringgold High School	of Monongahela, Pennsylvania
By clicking the button, you will be raising amandaplays to the first position on the main page for 60 seconds. During this time the model's chat room will become much more visible and incredibly popular! A notification about your action will appear in the chat, visible to the model and the other chat users. amandaplays will be sure to appreciate this gesture and be immeasurably grateful to you!
© All Rights Reserved. 2018 www.fapchat.club Please visit EPOCH and SEGPAY, our authorized sales agents. This site is Managed & Operated by
PhysX by AGEIA delivers the most advanced gaming physics which define a totally new level of dynamic motion and interaction in next generation titles. This means thousands of objects colliding with each other, fog that oozes around characters in motion, cloth and clothing that interact with the environment, and gushing fluids that tear through the gaming world. This new level of physics and simulation combine to create an experience that draws you into the action and won't let go. If you want to take your game to the next level, there's no alternative—you need PhysX by AGEIA. They are a must-have drivers if you want to play GRAW, GRAW2 and many other games. They work on XP and Vista. They are compatible with every version of nVidia's drivers and ATi' drivers.
-Updating to the latest version can dramatically improve the speed and quality of your games that have Ageia PhysX.
Java allows you to play online games, chat with people around the world, calculate your mortgage interest, and view images in 3D. These applications, written in the Java programming language and access from your browse, are called "applets". Corporations also use Java applets for intranet applications and other e-business solutions.
The .NET Framework version 1.1 redistributable package includes everything you need to run applications developed using the .NET Framework. The .NET Framework version 1.1 provides improved scalability and performance, support for mobile device development with ASP.NET mobile controls (formerly the Microsoft Mobile Internet Toolkit), support for Internet Protocol version 6, and ADO.NET classes for native communication with Open Database Connectivity (ODBC) and Oracle databases. It also enables the use of code access security to further lock down and isolate ASP.NET applications.
The Microsoft .NET Framework version 2.0 redistributable package installs the .NET Framework runtime and associated files required to run applications developed to target the .NET Framework v2.0. The .NET Framework version 2.0 improves scalability and performance of applications with improved caching, application deployment and updating with ClickOnce, support for the broadest array of browsers and devices with ASP.NET 2.0 controls and services.
The Microsoft .NET Framework 3.0 is the new managed code programming model for Windows&reg;. It combines the power of the .NET Framework version 2.0 with new technologies for building applications that have visually compelling user experiences, seamless communication across technology boundaries, and the ability to support a wide range of business processes. These new technologies are Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows Communication Foundation, Windows Workflow Foundation, and Windows CardSpace. The .NET Framework 3.0 is included as part of the Windows Vista™ operating system; you can install it or uninstall it using Windows Features Control Panel. This redistributable package is for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
The Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 builds incrementally on the new features added in .NET Framework 3.0. For example, feature sets in Windows Workflow Foundation (WF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) and Windows CardSpace. In addition, .NET Framework 3.5 contains a number of new features in several technology areas which have been added as new assemblies to avoid breaking changes. New Web protocol support for building WCF services including AJAX, JSON, REST, POX, RSS, ATOM, and several new WS-* standards. Full tooling support in Visual Studio 2008 for WF, WCF, and WPF, including the new workflow-enabled services technology. Deep integration of Language Integrated Query (LINQ) and data awareness. This new feature will let you write code written in LINQ-enabled languages to filter, enumerate, and create projections of several types of SQL data, collections, XML, and DataSets by using the same syntax. New classes in .NET Framework 3.5 base class library (BCL) that address many common customer requests.
OpenAL (Open Audio Library) is a free software cross-platform audio API. It is designed for efficient rendering of multichannel three dimensional positional audio. Its API style and conventions deliberately resemble that of OpenGL. It has been used in many games like Unreal Tournament, Doom 3, Quake 4, Prey, and many more.
-It is recommended to install this new version for slightly better sound quality in some games like Unreal Tournament, Doom 3, Quake 4, Prey, and many more.
Python is a dynamic object-oriented programming language that can be used for many kinds of software development. It offers strong support for integration with other languages and tools, comes with extensive standard libraries, and can be learned in a few days. Many Python programmers report substantial productivity gains and feel the language encourages the development of higher quality, more maintainable code. This is one of the best high-level programing languages.
-This is a recommended update for some programs like NifSkope, Blender, and others that have Python scripts implemented.
Basically SPTD is similar to other access layers used by other programs (eg. ASPI from Adaptec, or standard SPTI from Microsoft) who provide access to storage devices but it has a lot more features that make this interface unique. The key feature of SPTD is its ability to provide direct control of devices without risk of compromising it by some malicious 3rd party filter drivers or other "rootkit" applications that are common today - this is the main goal of SPTD development for organizations and applications where it currently used. If SPTD is bundled with your application then most likely it will not work without SPTD (Please consult manufacturer of application for more detailed information). SPTD is currently supported only on Microsoft OS Windows 2000 and above. SPTD (similar to other access layers) is by default not removed from your system after uninstallation of software application which used SPTD, in order not to disrupt other applications that may use it! This also allows user to avoid reboots in most cases for new installations if same SPTD version is already present on his system.
-It is highly recommended to update to the latest version if you use Daemon Tools, Alcohol, Yasu or other programs for burning and mounting CD/DVD images.
Great Prices and Selection of Shepler Armchair by Red Barrel Studio Wayfair Accent Chairs furniture are perfect for adding character for your space. We have collected our favorite designs with tips for how you can place them and where to put them. Best place to shop on the internet for high quality household furniture for less bobs associated with a color and size to fit your room design, Shop Shepler Armchair by Red Barrel Studio Wayfair Accent Chairs furniture on the internet for great prices, fashionable furnishings and residential decoration. You will adore our inexpensive Shepler Armchair by Red Barrel Studio Wayfair Accent Chairs furniture and enjoy wayfair Wayfair Accent Chairs furniture FREE Shipping and assured lowest price. you will find the ideal Shepler Armchair by Red Barrel Studio Wayfair Accent Chairs furniture right here. Don't skip this new low cost for Shepler Armchair by Red Barrel Studio Wayfair Accent Chairs furniture. Get it of all time eliminated! Find out more for Shepler Armchair by Red Barrel Studio Wayfair Accent Chairs furniture
A group of women discuss how they ended up in a shelter, what life is like in a shelter, their fears, hopes and pains. This podcasts has elements of laughter, playfulness as well as moments hearing the emotional plight of a victim of abuse.
CategoriesPodcast, Shelter Tours, Voices of Women Tagsalone, divorce, domestic abuse, homeless women, homelessness, struggles
More than ever, the guest experience lives beyond the hotel room. Both business and leisure travelers increasingly want shared experiences as they travel, and they’re seeking out hotels with inviting lobby lounges, alluring bars and restaurants, and attractive shared amenities like fitness centers, spas and entertainment venues.
The food and beverage industry has been transformed in recent years. I recall the early days, when I was part of the team responsible for renting spaces such as the Criterion in Piccadilly Circus to Marco Pierre White and the, then ground-breaking, Atlantic Bar and Grill in the basement of the Regent Palace Hotel. These were prime, central London locations, expensive real estate but, previously, under-utilised.
As experts on Hotel Cleaning, we love to share tips when we find them. We came across this great article on Hotel Technology and wanted to share.
When Captain Kirk or Mr. Spock needed information, they would hail the Enterprise's computer, and the computer would respond to their request. In 1966, that was an amazing piece of science fiction. Now, with Siri, Alexa, and other devices with artificial intelligence, we all are figuratively standing on the bridge of the Enterprise, speaking to devices that are "listening" to us and fulfilling our simple requests.
As the leader in Hotel Carpet Cleaning throughout the Northeast US, we like to keep our clients updated on the latest news and trends. This particular article is of interest to all in our industry.
This entry was posted on July 9, 2018, in Inspiration - Motivation, Monday Motivations, Poetry/Poems and tagged Doubt and Fear, Encouragement, faith, Inspiration, Keep Moving Don't Stop, Poetry, Quotes, Quotes For You, Words of Wisdom, You Can! End of Story.	4 Comments
A wordsmith with a vivid imagination, an eager mind and a burning desire to carve out tales. As I journey with my muse to that land of all possibilities and self discovery, I hope my personal evolution will serve as a beacon of inspiration for anyone who chooses to stop by.
Archives Select Month November 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015
A week prior to the evaluation, the therapist contacts the client to orient him or her to the BAOP, ensure the client's commitment (including the caregiver), and provide a week-long daily activity log.
If the client meets the inclusion criteria for the BAOP, the OT and client identify up to three performance goals.
The phases of the revised guidelines, now called the BAOP, were restructured to include more sessions and to improve clarity.
The BAOP is novel because it is informed by knowledge about the specific motor impairments of people with ASD, and also because it takes a blended approach.
The primary focus of the BAOP is motor performance, and it is intended to complement a full plan of care for children with ASD.
In the current study it was found that participants with higher scores in the different sub-scales of the EAT-26 (Dieting, Bulimia and Oral Control) questionnaire reported more negative attitudes toward obese people in AFA (the 3 subscales), BAOP and ATOP scales compared to the participants with low scores in the EAT26.
Other rat studies show increased levels of the neurotransmitter serotonin. This could theoretically lead to reduced appetite and cravings (2). There are actually a whole bunch of studies in rats showing that Garcinia Cambogia consistently leads to significant weight loss (3, 4, 5, 6). However, what works in rats doesnt always work in humans.
Well goddammit. I suppose I have to do this thing in the spirit its intended. How do I quantify 2017, now that we’ve all moved forward in our joint temporal experience of now…?
I began 2017 with an entire catalog of expectations that proved to be as wrong as wrong can be. I have ended the year in exactly the same fashion. Along the way I got married, lost a good friend, lost a truly delightful mother-in-law, completed a film I’m extremely proud of, failed to sell that film (so far) due to truly ridiculous circumstance 100% beyond our control, and gained and lost all hope, faith and aspiration daily (or, some days, hourly).
I knew when I set out on my blog-a-day mission that there would be several that were private; journal entries that are for my eyes only. As it happens, there have been a LOT more than I expected. as 2017 came to a close, it became apparent that there were a lot of thoughts and opinions I’m simply Not Allowed to Voice. That’s a hard place for me, but I have responsibilities beyond my own public persona, so I’ve ranted in silence, and it’ll stay that way for now.
Going forward into 2018, I’m still having daily crises of self centered on talent, strength of will, ambition… I’m still frustrated that we haven’t closed a sale for Diminuendo… I’m still inexplicably surprised to discover that I continue to be, by a large measure, my own worst enemy…
For some of these problems, there are already plans, mechanisms and solutions in place. For others… well… I guess I keep my enemies close.
I first became aware of The Room around 2006, when I realized I’d been seeing the same terrible billboard on Sunset for a while now. I did some digging, and found out it was a vanity film done by some weirdo foreign actor/director (how Tommy Wiseau never found NYFA is a mystery to me). I first had it described to me by one of the most aggressively hipsterish porn actors ever to work in adult, a guy who later gave me a burned DVD of the film.
When I finally sat down to watch it, I was, as many people are, mesmerized by how utterly, completely, perfectly terrible The Room is. At no point, not even for a second, is anything presented in it an acceptable approximation of filmmaking, a feat that is much harder to achieve than you’d imagine.
Look, I’m a film buff. I’ve seen a LOT of hysterically shitty movies… Plan 9 From Outer Space… The Creeping Terror… Batman v Superman… and I’ve seen a lot of attempts by people to make intentionally bad movies. Most of those fail because they miss the point: You can’t make a bad movie well. That might sound obvious, but just watch Tim Burton’s Ed Wood. In it, Johnny Depp, as the titular Wood, is a fast-talking used-car salesman of a filmmaker, utterly unconcerned about the merits of the movie he’s making.
I’ve talked at length about Ed to Bob Blackburn, the man responsible for managing the Ed Wood “estate.” The thing you must remember is Plan 9 was NOT a throwaway film; that was Wood’s magnum opus. He put in the very best effort he could muster, and the result was one of the worst films ever made.
This leads us back to Tommy Wiseau. The Room is the best film Tommy is capable of making. The script, and his performance, are the pinnacle of his work. That’s how you get a magnificent apocalypse like The Room.
Fascinated, I later went to a screening at the Sunset 5. By this point, the weekly midnight shows had become a sold-out, Rocky Horror-style audience interaction cult phenomenon. Tommy was there, mumbled a few words before the show, and then sat in the back row to watch an entire audience mock his life’s work as if he was in on the joke. Tommy basked in the glow of thrown plastic spoons (it’s a thing… you had to be there…) as if they were accolades; as if he was in on the joke.
In a couple weeks, James Franco’s film, The Disaster Artist, which tells the story of The Room‘s creation, opens in theaters. It’s supposed to be great, but before I go watch a bunch of people — all of whom are much prettier, much more successful, and much more talented than the people they’re portraying — re-enact the great farce, I wanted to read the Greg Sestero book the film is based on.
Sestero is as talented an author as he is an actor, which is (to be kind) mediocre. In writing Tommy Wiseau’s unauthorized biography, the portrait Greg unwittingly paints of himself depicts a marginally talented, weak-willed, spineless, lazy and relatively unintelligent Hollywood pretty-boy. In other words, exactly the character he plays in the film. The events described, however, are every bit as chaotic, bizarre, and utterly flabbergasting as you’d imagine. The effect is a bit like reading a court transcript of testimony about the Hindenburg fire.
What really struck me, were the parallels to my life while working with Axel Braun. Now, I’ve often said that I never say anything about Axel behind his back that I wouldn’t say to his face. As proof, I offer the following screenshots:
I haven’t worked with Axel in years, so I have no clue how much his Wiseau-like tendencies have fared. I’d like to think I’ve stopped being anyone’s Greg Sestero.
Francois Truffaut famously said that whenever you make a film, there are actually three films: The film you plan to make, the film you think you’re making, and the film you discover you’ve made. I’m one week into the second film, and I’m ecstatic.
Sure, we had some issues. The first day on any set is always something of a clusterfuck. It takes time for a crew to gel. Usually we spend the first two days stumbling over each other, getting in the way, arguing and figuring out who is worth fucking.
Once we got our gears all synchro-meshed like a three-speed Pontiac, everything moved pretty smoothly. That’s not to say we had no issues. We did, in fact, fire an entire department, and have replaced them (much to the film’s benefit), but this shit happens. I like to joke that it isn’t a day on an indie film if there isn’t at least one existential threat. Things like this are why I haven’t had a day off from Diminuendo since mid-July, and why I haven’t slept more than six hours in weeks.
And I don’t care. I love it. I love this job. I pace and I bark and I joke and I smile and I tease and cajole and push on set, and I love every minute of it. I also think I’m pretty good at it. Not only have we made our day every day this week, we’ve captured some absolutely amazing moments. Instead of forcing the film to fit my vision, the film has been telling me how it wants to be shot, and I have been listening. It works.
On Thursday, Richard Hatch made room full of grown men cry when he showed me layers to a scene that I didn’t even know existed. This is when what we do feels like sorcery.
The week ahead is a tough one. Three of our days ahead are huge, with a lot of extras and really complex scenes. And I’m nothing but excited.
When you’re making a film, there comes a moment. It has happened on every film I’ve ever made, and every one I almost made. It’s a moment of equilibrium, either gained or lost. A fleeting moment of critical mass.
You feel it. It settles as a moment of giddiness, or a crawling in the pit of your stomach. The moment where you know, with unshakable certainty, that the film either is or is not going to happen.
Y’see, unless you’re working at a very high level of film or television, production is never certain until The Moment comes. Every movie is like a snowball rolling downhill. It either takes on weight, gains velocity and feels as if it will continue under its own momentum, or it comes apart and disintegrates.
You’re going to be hearing me talk a lot about this film over the next several months. Here’s the scoop:
Never fully recovered from witnessing Cello Shea, the love of his life, commit suicide in front of him, famous director Haskell Edwards has fallen into a nine year, alcoholic, drug-induced slump he isn’t even sure he wants to pull out of.
When a high profile tech-company invites him to direct a movie about Cello’s life, Haskell’s not sure if he should take the job, especially when they reveal the utterly lifelike robot that will be playing Cello.
Recruiting his old friends (and enemies) to help him produce a movie that honors Cello’s legacy, Haskell is forced to relive his whirlwind relationship with Cello and finally address the differences between love and obsession.
DIMINUENDO is directed by Bryn Pryor (Cowboys & Engines, Poker) and written by Bryn Pryor & Sarah Goldberger.
So, continuing (sorta) my return-to-blogging warmup from the other day, I wanna talk about a series most of you have probably never watched: Casual.
I’m a huge fan of Jason Reitman. I would fuck Up in the Air if I could, and I’m in the narrow minority who loved both Young Adult and Men, Women and Children. I respect him to the point that I don’t even care that he hated our script for Diminuendo.
(Full non-disclosure; he is, to date, the only person I’m aware of to have this reaction. In fact, everyone else has been ridiculously positive. Also, no, I won’t tell you what he said or how we got it to him).
I love his fucked up situational awareness and train-wreck characters. So, I thought Casual, being his series, might be worth a look. And it was. Until it wasn’t.
Look, I knew we were in for a show filled with awful people doing awful things they don’t know are awful. I expected that, and wasn’t disappointed for the most part. Until the end of season one. Earlier in the season, Alex, the lead trainwreck, adopts a chocolate lab puppy. In that arc, he wisely realizes he can’t even care for himself, much less a dog, and returns the puppy to the store.
The writers, apparently out of ideas for what else to do to end the season, brought that dog back into the story at the end of the season for no reason except to kill him offscreen. So they can make a joke about it. And it’s really, really not fucking okay. It is literally a pointless, unmotivated moment of ugliness that the character can simply never recover from. In the context of the real world, it doesn’t even make sense. A whole lot of things that would never happen have to happen for this puppy to be dead.
People who know me understand my love for animals. If you’re gonna kill an animal in a story, it needs to be motivated. Important. And I will still never forget. Game of Thrones, for example, will never make me care what happens to Sansa, no matter what abuse she suffers, simply because she was responsible for Lady being killed. To paraphrase Don Corleone, “This, I do not forgive.”
So, yeah, Jason? You can do better. And Casual, as an entity, can blow me. I can only hope that Hulu cancels it after season two since we are apparently the only people watching it anyway.
ASHEVILLE – Ann Marie Traylor wasn't ready to hang up her lab coat when UNC Asheville closed the Environmental Quality Institute last year.
Instead, the organization's head chemist worked with environmental group WNC Alliance to revive the institute, opening up in a new space on Fairview Road in mid-October and working toward establishing the organization as an independent nonprofit.
EQI, with Traylor as its head, is back providing monthly water quality data for dozens of sites in Western North Carolina and working toward getting the institute its own nonprofit status.
“It just seemed like a really valuable thing,” Traylor said. “This program had been functioning for 20 years so there was a big database of water quality information and there was still strong community support for it.”
The institute became a leading national center for data on lead contamination and performed water quality testing for local governments, nonprofits and other organizations. When it closed, EQI provided water quality data for about 200 sites in the region. It had four full-time employees and a handful of interns.
UNCA shuttered the institute in 2009 in response to state budget cuts, saying EQI was nonessential to student education. The center's lead poisoning prevention program moved to Warren Wilson College, and WNC Alliance stepped up to help Traylor revive the Volunteer Water Information Network, or VWIN.
WNC Alliance helped EQI secure grants for the program from the Community Foundation of Western North Carolina, Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation and UNCA. Today, Traylor is the institute's only employee and has one part-time intern.
The institute is back up to providing analysis of water quality data for nearly all of the sites it was testing before it closed and Traylor hopes to get other projects up and running.
The Buncombe County Soil and Water Conservation District had to forgo 10 months of water quality testing while the institute was closed.
The department used the data to get grants for performing work in Newfound watershed. It uses the bimonthly data, which it has been collecting for at least eight years, to monitor improvements it is making, said Jenn Beck, Newfound watershed coordinator.
Hendersonville nonprofit ECO: Environmental and Conservation Organization received a discounted rate from a private lab during the hiatus, but the cost was still twice of what the analysis costs at EQI.
Along with testing, EQI also provides organizations with annual reports and an analysis of all sites in WNC.
“It helps us to be able to look at what was going on in the streams and what actions needed to be taken to better protect them,” said ECO executive director David Weintraub. “From the bigger picture, multicounty level, there is nobody like that.”
If any vendor having multi keywords or specific products & want tenders accordingly so we will update you tenders regarding for prime movers tenders get the best requirements & Enhance your business with Tender Publish notification services for prime movers work tenders,prime movers tenders india,prime movers tenders for private, Government and Semi Government companies.Filter prime movers tenders by closing date, location and tender value.
View the number of fantasy points each NFL team allows to each position, based on default NFL-Managed scoring. Choose from seasonal averages or review past
weekly performance to help optimize your lineup. Advanced research data including targets, touches and red zone opportunities are also available.
Wonderstruck tells the stories of Ben and Rose, two children who are deaf and wish their lives were different. Set 50 years apart, the independent stories (one told in words, and one in pictures) weave back and forth. At the end the reader discovers a surprising twist as the stories come together.
Brian Selznick expertly crafted this piece of realistic fiction. If somehow the incredible story in the words doesn't draw the reader in, the illustrations surely will. Throughout the book readers discover connections between the two stories and develop a greater understanding of the content as the stories weave together.
Through reading this book, gifted students can work through issues or learn from experiences of the characters. They can learn about the importance of relationships, self-management, and can even learn to understand themselves a bit better.
In the past, I've used this book as a read aloud. The more I've thought about this book, though, the more I see the potential to discuss the power of stories in words and in pictures. After reading this book, students could also attempt to tell stories in pictures and in words in the style of Brian Selznick.
17 When I saw him, I fell at his feet like a dead man. He laid his right hand on me, saying, “Don't be afraid. I am the first and the last, 18 and the Living one. I was dead, and behold, I am alive forevermore. Amen. I have the keys of Death and of Hades.
Probably the most important book of 2014 as it gives a comprehensive look at the extent this country of mine has creeped into the bedrooms of all of us across the world-and the importance of hero EDWARD SNOWDEN- in risking his freedom to let all of us know. What we do with that knowledge will say alot about all of us...
If you have not read Ron's book then you do not have the whole story about what I have been doing to try to get my clients out ofGuantanamo. Ron kept up with my activities and even followed me around on occasion to get the full story... then he weaved my story in with the stories of other individuals who are concerned with the direction of the United States. I recommend the book to all of you out there who also care about the direction that the US has gone these past eight years and want to work to change things.
Yamaha Waveraider Performance Parts is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
八公山| 同德| 索县| 讷河| 大关| 乌兰| 剑阁| 清徐| 五通桥| 杭锦旗| 台中市| 二连浩特| 察哈尔右翼前旗| 礼泉| 晋州| 普格| 南宫| 灵山| 和田| 赤峰| 珲春| 株洲市| 扶风| 鄂托克旗| 道真| 若尔盖| 双牌| 红河| 巫溪| 斗门| 铁岭市| 海城| 永州| 泾川| 威宁| 上饶市| 桓台| 南海| 旺苍| 安宁| 汉口| 贵南| 泸水| 龙胜| 鲁甸| 萍乡| 平武| 萨嘎| 平潭| 嘉兴| 斗门| 大安| 新宾| 陵水| 凤山| 亚东| 青川| 富川| 乌拉特中旗| 资源| 平舆| 佛坪| 昭通| 潜江| 大关| 苏家屯| 和布克塞尔| 枣强| 宜兴| 噶尔| 浦北| 张北| 扶沟| 临县| 镇江| 开封市| 绥阳| 通许| 五寨| 镶黄旗| 泌阳| 丘北| 南溪| 尼勒克| 融水| 朗县| 焦作| 抚远| 枝江| 遂宁| 南华| 额敏| 田林| 凌源| 北仑| 荥经| 西峡| 麻栗坡| 华坪| 德安| 索县| 黄山市| 杨凌| 敦化| 囊谦| 襄阳| 佳县| 南澳| 武进| 北辰| xxxx
Beautiful Logiciel Plan Maison Facile #7 - Plan De Maison Et Plan Dappartement GRATUIT Logiciel was published in March 9, 2018 at 11:25 am. If you wish to manage this photo as your PC background, you may click the download link beneath or you may just right click on the picture at the top and tap "Save Image As" to download the Beautiful Logiciel Plan Maison Facile #7 - Plan De Maison Et Plan Dappartement GRATUIT Logiciel or by tap the "Set Desktop Background As" choice if your internet browser has that option. If you could not grab the the most outstanding photo you are hoping for, you should go for "Search Column" at top right or browse another photo backgrounds that you want. This image has the file size is 21kB and the resolution of 708x485. Beautiful Logiciel Plan Maison Facile #7 - Plan De Maison Et Plan Dappartement GRATUIT Logiciel has been seen by 41 users and it is a photo from Logiciel Plan Maison Facile.
Requirements Wanted General Surgeon with relevant experience able to manage all kind of cases for a reputed 250 bedded hospital. fresher or experienced. male or femlae.
Requirements Wanted Consultant General Surgeon fulltime for a reputed corporate hospital. male or female. fresher or experienced with excellent knowledge.
Requirements Wanted Consultant General Surgeon partime for a reputed 300 bedded hospital Chidambaram.Male or female with excelent working knowledge.
Requirements Wanted General Surgeon for a Reputed 150 hospital in Chidambaram.Male or Female, Fresher or experienced.With good knowledge.
Requirements Wanted Assistant Professor for a reuted medical college.Fresher or experienced with excellent knowledge in Pediatrics.Already working as senior resident also can apply.
Requirements Wanted Professor for a Medical college in Chidambaram.Already working as professor or Associate professors eligible for professor can Apply
Rar Password Recovery Easy is a tool intended to help you recover information from password-protected RAR archives. It uses the only effective method to extract passwords from archives created by modern WinRAR versions (2. 90 and higher): dictionary-based attacks (password lists). Rar Password Recovery Easy utilizes optimized cryptography algorithms.
Free RAR Extract Frog is a skinable free RAR extractor tool for RAR-archives that supports spanned archives as well as the decompression of password protected files. Start the extraction of a RAR file by drag and drop.
Free RAR Extract Frog is a skinable extraction tool for RAR-archives that supports spanned archives as well as the decompression of password protected files. Start the extraction of a RAR file by drag ''n'' drop. Free RAR Extract Frog has the option to define a default output folder or a default password or both. .
Stella RAR password recovery software nicely unlock WIN RAR file password and remove protecting from RAR password. If you have add lengthy password on you RAR archive and you want to break RAR password so try RAR password remover program which has successful quality to recover RAR password and allows to unlock lock RAR archive file password. .
out of which RAR file is much better application. it keeps several files together in a single file after reducing its size. Putting password is a way to protect RAR user file from unrelated people. But sometimes. there are so many bad circumstances when user''s RAR file got locked and become unable to open and need arise as how to recover RAR file password.
rar file password recovery , rar password recovery , recover rar file password , how to recover rar file password , winrar password recovery , recover lost rar password , how to open locked rar file , find rar file password
rar and . zip file opener. Zipeg supports password protected and multipart zip and rar files. Zipeg allows: - to see whats inside archive before you extract; - to open files in Preview or other associated application directly from the archive; - to choose where to put extracted files; - to extract individual items simply by dragging them to desktop; - to preserve resource forks.
RAR Password Unlocker 3. 0 is to easily and safely recover the password for RAR archives for you to open and extract the files in the archive. It supports RAR files of all versions created using WinRAR. .
Ultimate Extract and Recover is an application that batch extracts or verifies RAR archives (works with RAR format version 5 archives as well as the earlier format versions)without the user''s attention. Can batch extract password protected RAR archives. by feeding it a password list where from will attempt all the list''s passwords against the archive. In the case of successfully finding the password it can continue with extracting the contents of the archive. .
eRepair RAR was created to help users to solve the rar recovery issues and always have control of their archived data. It recovers information from damaged rar files and minimizes data loss during the rar recovery process. therefore the user sees as much as possible about the files being recovered. One of the peculiarities of this application is the fact that it employs several heuristic algorithms and methods to repair rar file or recover information from damaged rar files. The last phase of the process is the data integrity check. which ensures that the recovered files are fully usable. .
out of which RAR is one of them that constitutes a large number of files and reduce its size in a single file. So obviously its protection also is needed. users generally puts password to make it safe from wrong people. but what impacts it if suddenly user is not able to open password protected RAR file. user will require to apply a tool to recover RAR password. So we are here to give you the solution by giving you superb RAR Password Recovery Software at GSTECH. .
Free RAR Password Recovery is a powerful freeware application to recover lost or forgotten passwords for a RAR (WinRAR) archives. Features: The program has a convenient user interface; Supports the customizable brute-force attack; RAR Archives (All versions including version 5. 0) are supported; RAR Archives with encrypted Filenames and Multi-volume RAR archives are supported; Password recovery for Self-extracting (SFX) archives; Supports Archives created by various software packages; The maximum password length is not limited. The program is very customizable: you can set the password length. the character set to be used to generate the passwords and a couple of other options; Autosave password search state and resume after a stop or a crash; Extract tool for ZIP. RAR and ACE archives lets you to extract compressed files from archive. .
Free RAR Password Recovery is a powerful freeware application to recover lost or forgotten passwords for a RAR (WinRAR) archives. Features: The program has a convenient user interface; Supports the customizable brute-force attack; RAR Archives (All versions including version 3. x) are supported; RAR Archives with encrypted Filenames and Multi-volume RAR archives are supported; Password recovery for Self-extracting (SFX) archives; Supports Archives created by various software packages; The maximum password length is not limited. The program is very customizable: you can set the password length. the character set to be used to generate the passwords and a couple of other options; Autosave password search state and resume after a stop or a crash; Extract tool for ZIP. RAR and ACE archives lets you to extract compressed files from archive. .
Pink and black is a good combination and Candice Von is the best example of that. She arrived at my place wearing black net stockings and a pink net blouse. She didn't even bother wearing any panties
Sinnamon Love is all about pleasing her man. She is wearing her sexy corset and net stockings, with her big tits spilling out. Her man dove straight into her snatch and was soon plunging his thick sha
All rights reserved. Free Granny Videos has a zero-tolerance policy against ch*ld pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties.
We haven`t control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content which we link to.
You can create a new album with the content just uploaded. You must create an account or sign in to save this content into your account.
The uploaded content will be moved to this newly created album. You must create an account or sign in if you want to edit this album later on.
Just recently, I had the experience of working with Dunham Realty regarding both sale and purchase of property. From the beginning, Chris Dunham was encouraging and positive about my idea to sell in order to purchase another home that was already listed for sale.
I found him easy to talk to and appreciated his straight forward manner. The lack of negativity and pressure that often comes with selling real estate, was greatly appreciated.
Both Ash and Chris were easily available to contact and worked well as a team. There was a smooth transition, between successful sale and purchase within a short time frame.
I wanted to thank you for the excellent service and standards that you set during the period for which you handled my property.
Being an interstate investor, I had previously found it difficult to keep up with the running of my property and had been disappointed with the efforts of another agent. Dunham Realty allowed me to have minimal involvement while at the same time affording me maximum confidence.
When the time came to sell my property, Chris went above and beyond to get the job done and achieved a very good result on my behalf.
I could not have been happier with the level of service and property management ability of Chris and the team and do not hesitate to recommend them to handle your property management or sale.
Chris and Ash have been managing our investment properties in for many years and we couldn't ask for more in a property management team. They both go above and beyond to make sure our properties are well looked after and that any requests by tenants are handled in a prompt, cost effective and professional manner. They are very proactive in ensuring that there is minimal time between tenancies and that we are achieving above market rent further enhancing the return on our investments. We wouldn't hesitate in highly recommending their services to all of our family and friends.
Adam Rust sold my duplex unit on the first day it went onto the market! It was only a small property but the care and attention Adam showed me, you would have thought it was a million dollar property. Adam and the team at Dunham Realty were knowledgable about the local market and seemed genuinely excited to sell my property. Adam kept me up to date with all the developments and had the answers to all my questions. My experience with Adam and Dunham Realty was totally positive and I would recommend Adam Rust to anyone, and I have!
"My wife and I have rented a house from Dunham Realty for almost 4 years. After selling our house in Caravonica, we were very dubious about renting again after a lapse of some 30 years and previous poor service from agents. Now we could not speak more highly of the quality of service we have received from Ash and Chris Dunham. When anything goes wrong or we need something, we send an email and it is fixed as soon as possible with the minimum of disruption. We had planned to buy another house, but keep delaying as we enjoy the advantages of renting from excellent agents."
Thank you for supporting us to buy & renovate our most recent acquisitions! We are happy to have you managing our properties and congratulate you both Chris and Ash on providing such a professional service.
As a recent seller have nothing but praise for Chris and the team. Approachable, helpful, followed through on everything they said or promised. Made the whole process pain free. Would recommend to all - Thanks Chris
Emissions of pollutants to the ambient environment are at the origin of atmospheric pollution issues. Emission inventories provide important information on magnitude, type of activity, time evolution and the spatial coverage of the estimated emissions. These inventories are developed for use in scientific applications as input in urban, regional, continental or global scale models, and for use by the policy makers in order to evaluate progress towards emission abatement measures, and decide on future strategies. Several emission inventories are in use: EDGAR, EMEP, INTEX-B, REAS-Asia, GEIA, and GFED to name a few.
Most emission inventories used in modeling are bottom-up, based on the statistics on transport, factory production, population etc.. Unfortunately, these bottom-up emission inventories are released quite irregularly and cover usually a fixed time period. Recently many studies are published about top-down emission inventories, which are based on the satellite observation of air constituents. Although not many are currently used in modeling activities, these top-down inventories can quite easily be frequently updated. This might turn out to be major advantage when considering the recent rapid changes in emissions caused by e.g. economic growth in Asia, new filtering techniques in power plants, traffic measures during the Olympic Games and the recent economical crisis world-width.
In this GlobEmissions User Consultation workshop the requirements from a widely-varied user community for top-down emission inventories will be discussed. These requirements will include the covered regions, up-date frequency, type of atmospheric constituents and temporal and spatial resolution.
The workshop format will consist of 30-minute oral presentations including discussions. Special focus will be on the regions East-Asia, India, South-Africa and Europe. The workshop will be held on 26-27 November 2009, at the Flora Hotel in Frascati, Italy. There will be a maximum of about 50 participants.
i have a set of lowering springs (bbk 2inch specific rate) i want to put new struts and shocks in. although my camber is out casue my tires wear on the inner edge. My question is, should use caster/camber plates, for one to make it easier for adjustment, and do i need them so i dont blow the new struts out, so i get the little bit of hieght out of installing them??
Ya, you need a set of camber plates, Especially with the car lowered that much. Youve got way too much negative camber if the insides of the fronts are wearing first. So you know exactly what your camber is set at? I dont think youl blow anything without camber plates except cash on new tires!
Ive been running 1.3- camber on fronts with no inside wear issues. For autocross I need more though. I have the new maximum motorport 4 bolt camber plates and Im very happy with them. You can adjust camber and caster separately
Does anybody know the max neg camber you can run without wear issues? Ive just lowered my 99 with the Ford c spring kit and dont want to be in the same boat as Vinny here!
FHorse, if it's any help, in app called JoyToKey I had to enable "Use POV switches" option before being able to use the d-pad too.
In the "Standard Pad" setup added a button (1 for Keyboard and 1 for Joystick) to unbind all buttons (suggested by Alterac).
Implemented the support of Drag & Drop of roms directly in the emulator window to load them (suggested by thefox).
Correct a bug introduced in version 0.66 that in some circumstances, did not allow the filling of the audio buffer in time, producing a sound skipping.
Does your old laptop have AMD video, NVIDIA video, recent Intel video (GMA X), or really old Intel video (GMA 3000 series, GMA 900 series, or "Extreme" Graphics)?
I have Intel GM965. I could look into it more, but it seems OpenGL with any filter is basically unplayable, while with filters in software mode the emu runs fine.
The problem are the support for the OpenGL of your video driver. I think that to get something working even on cards that don't are AMD or Nvidia, I must write a directx stack (I'm talking of windows version, naturally).
Okay thanks for letting me know. I know the video on this laptop isn't fantastic - I didn't know it was that bad.
OpenGL output is very slow also on Radeon R300/R400. Do you use non-power-of-two sized textures in OpenGL? They're known to cause slowness on many old Radeons.
Just a few sugestions: It would be nice to be able to map at least an "Exit" Key instead of using "Alt-F4". Another nice touch would be to have an option to turn off the "status-messages" at the start i.e.: "PORTABLE Punes", "Input configuration loaded" etc...
APU noise emulation seems off. It might be because of the lack of bandlimiting on the waveforms (there's distinct aliasing in pulse waves, too).
Ten months after selling his Victorian painted lady mansion in Lake View for $1 million, former Smashing Pumpkins lead singer and chief songwriter Billy Corgan has paid $2.95 million for a recently renovated, historic six-room condominium on the Gold Coast.
After disbanding the Smashing Pumpkins, Corgan formed a new group, Zwan, which is playing three sold-out shows at the Double Door this weekend.
Through his tour manager, Corgan declined to comment on the purchase of the two-bedroom condo. His tour manager confirmed that the singer-songwriter recently has been staying at the condo while rehearsing for Zwan's current tour, but said the Chicago-area native ultimately intends to lease the condo in a 110-year-old building to someone else. The unit has an oak-paneled living room, reception room, balcony framed by granite columns, four fireplaces, walnut parquet floors and a large terrace.
Corgan has shown an affinity for vintage properties. After moving out of the more than 100-year-old Lake View home at 3448 N. Greenview Ave., which he owned from 1993 to 2001, Corgan temporarily stayed in a penthouse in the Haberdasher Square loft development, 728 W. Jackson Blvd., a former manufacturing building that dates to 1926. And in 2000, the Landmarks Preservation Council of Illinois awarded Corgan its President's Award for his commitment to historic preservation.
Since Corgan sold his Lake View home, one Smashing Pumpkins Web site reported that he has been living in Italy, but in interviews he has declined any comment on his permanent residence.
Singer Courtney Love, whom Corgan dated many years ago, just sold her loft in downtown Manhattan for $3 million after buying it for $2.6 million in January 2001, according to the New York Post. The loft is in the same building where rocker Lenny Kravitz just listed his own, five-bedroom, 7,000-square-foot, multilevel loft for $16 million, after buying the space unfinished in October 2000 for $8 million, the Post reported.
Love also recently listed her almost 3,700-square-foot Spanish-style house on Los Angeles' Westside -- which she bought last June for $3 million -- for about the same price, according to the Los Angeles Times. Love reportedly is looking for another house in the area because her five-bedroom house, which was built in the 1920s, is too small.
Ironically, Love told the Times last year that she sold a four-bedroom, 4,700-square-foot French country-style house on almost 2 acres in the Hollywood Hills -- which she had purchased from Ellen DeGeneres in 1997 for about $3 million -- because she was planning to spend more time in New York and actually wanted something smaller in L.A. She sold the Hollywood Hills home for $3.995 million in March 2001 to British businessman Mike Walley. Love's former Hollywood Hills house made the news in November 2001, after Paul McCartney's fellow Beatle George Harrison died. After Harrison's representatives gave a bogus L.A. address on his death certificate, the county's district attorney revealed in February that Harrison actually had died at Walley's house.
Rocker Tom Petty has paid close to $2.5 million for a three-bedroom oceanfront home in Malibu, Calif., according to the Los Angeles Times. Built in 1974, the house has three fireplaces, Malibu tiles and a courtyard with a fountain, the paper reported ... Fred Durst, frontman for the rock group Limp Bizkit, has sold a house he never moved into in Bel Air, Calif., for $3.7 million because it had "vibes that were not quite correct for him," according to the Los Angeles Times. Last fall, Durst bought the four-bedroom, 6,600-square-foot house, which was once owned by the Doors' Robbie Krieger and has a carving of the Doors playing on one wall, for just under $4 million, the paper reported. Durst recently bought a house with a sound studio in L.A.'s Hollywood Hills, and has listed that home for $1.4 million, the Times reported.
Have a tip about a home sale or a piece of property being put on the market that involved a well-known Chicagoan or a well-known piece of Chicago real estate? Write to Upper Bracket, c/o Chicago Tribune, Real Estate section, 435 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60611. E-mail: realestate@tridsddd
NOTES FOR VISITORS: Welcome to the Alaska Outdoors Supersite forums! The contents of our forums are viewable by anyone, and may be read by clicking the forum headings below. To post in the forums, you must register at THIS LINK. To upgrade or change your membership, please login and select Upgrade > Supporting Membership. Your account will now be managed separately from the forum system. Forum login is separate from account management but shares the same username and password.
IMPORTANT: If you cannot log-in, please reset your password using our new 6 character format through THIS LINK and click Forgot Password. An email message with a reset link will be sent to your email address.
Using epg123, multiple versions, including the latest, 1.1.3, on both Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 w/ WMC, for zip code 97132. After epg123 submits the login credentials it returns with the following error:
It sounds like it is a problem in the JSON data being retrieved from Schedules Direct by the epg123 client.
I was directed to open a support ticket with Schedules Direct to fix the lineup. I would love it if somebody here could look into it.
I use a Tyan Thunder2500 with the SSIII chipset. I works quite well...memory bandwidth is amazing. However, I still get PCI overflow sooner than is reported with the ASUS CUSL2. (more than 2 4080L verbs)
--> I use a Tyan Thunder2500 with the SSIII chipset. I works quite well...memory bandwidth is amazing. However, I still get PCI overflow sooner than is reported with the ASUS CUSL2. (more than 2 4080L verbs) <--
that seems like the pci-overflows do not (or not only) depend from the memory bandwidth, like someone told me, but indeed from the pci-performance?
so the new intel (and forthcoming via) chipsets are better for use with pulsar because of their hub structure that frees pci of usb, ide, etc. than those which have higher memory bandwidth (like bx or the serverworks sets)? right?
I believe you're right about the higher PCI bandwidth availability in the newer chipsets. One reason I chose the SSIII is because it has 2 independent PCI busses. The SCSI160 is on a separate 64 bit/66Mhz PCI buss...there's some serious bandwidth there. The Pulsar/Scope cards are on the other buss..at 33Mhz. One BIG reason I didn't go with an 815 MBoard is the 512Meg ram limit. I can't believe Intel did that!!! I like to load a LOT of samples, and 512 is NOT ENOUGH! I have 1 Gig and I can load at least 30 sample players, each with 5-10 voices...without a problem.
BTW, Microsoft has a sys fix for the win98 756Meg ram limit. I've tried it, and had no luck. Has anyone had success with that? I can boot with 1 gig. Above that, win98 wigs out!
hey, seems there is at least one out there, who has similar imaginations about his "high performance audio system"...
if there were a server board with a) 2x pci and b) agp-pro (for the matrox dualhead), well, that could be my next buy... do you know such a board? well, but with which chipset...? which one would be better?
i think that today´s bus system´s won´t really satisfy our (pulsar´s/scope´s) needs, as we drive them at their limit.
i´m quite looking forward to the release of the "crush11" end of this year... nvidia´s socketA-chipset with built-in geforceMX and a new structure (far more consequent than intel´s or via´s design´s for high performance - 6,4gb/s bandwidth between north- and southbridge...
startx is started as user "myth" whose home directory is /media... so the file you wanted to edit was /media/.xinitrc
17 MCUs packed into a single tiny circuit board, ready to use in a satellite or your extreme multi-processor Arduino project. This board is the core of the ArduSat-1 satellite that is now on board the HTV-4 mission to the International Space Station for deployment.
I’m going to get straight to the point and STRONGLY urge you to get on NETFLIX (yes, I said it, but I promise it’ll all be for the better) and watch Black Mirror- Season 3, Episode 1- “Nosedive”.
Black Mirror is a modern day Twilight Zone anthology series, created by Charlie Brooker. Each episode incorporates a different satirically dark themed synopsis about our imminent future and how humanity continuously meets disaster. In my opinion it is an incredible show!
I find this episode supremely important. Something everyone should watch. “Nosedive” tells the sad tale of a young woman named Lacie, living in a world dominated by a rating system that ultimately determines where you lie in societies spectrum.
People rate each other, either on their picture posts or after a face-to-face encounter. Ultimately strangers decide and contribute to wether your in the top or bottom. One wrong confrontation, one bad rating and your number drops considerably. Which then means that your place in society dwindles and thus you’re robbed of opportunities and a quality way of living.
Imagine the ass kissing and fake smiles just to make sure your ratings stay up…! Never speaking your mind… just in case. No one would know the real you. It would all be about who you are and how high your number is… or is it that already?
Seriously though, watch it (each episode has a different story, so it doesn’t matter where you start or what season you watch first). Exceedingly interesting and important. I promise. I’d love to hear your thoughts!
July 24, 2017 July 24, 2017 ActressInReality#opinion, #world, black mirror, future, netflix, psychology, ranking, ratings, series, society, technology
Thank you for sharing this, Actress, and doing such a lovely job of explaining in such a way as to assure I have no choice but to add it to my already very long and growing Netflix queue of programs I rarely have time to watch! Don’t let the watching distract you from your dreams!
Huge fan of black mirror, all the episodes have a great message….funny how it’s usually the downside of technology.
I adore the show! Such interesting ideas behind it. Not all of them of course, some of those episodes are down right scary 🙈 but all in all, very good show!
Actress, I love the way you write on so many diverse topics, and hence I have nominated you for the versatile blogger award. I’m sure you’ll like it. You can check it out here:
Nosedive is probably the episode that is most accurate in terms of the world we currently live in. I didn’t appreciate it enough when I first watched it but it was really well done and nicely executed. My favourite episode, however, was San Junipero. The ending made me pretty emotional, I just wrote a review of it over on my own blog. Really a brilliant creation by Charlie Brooker, I’m in awe of the idea!
Wolfgang: Hi, i feel that i saw you visited my blog thus i came to return the favor?.I’m trying to to find...
"Massachusetts Judge Wall is the worst superior court judge in new England" "Who is the worst judge in the state?" Jud
Paying too much for cable/satellite TV each month?Message me to find out how to stream TV from device directly to your big screen!
Blanket Hotel & Spa, one of the best luxury resort & hotel in Munnar surrounded by stunning nature at its best.
Compare air ticket prices from Wego, Skyscanner, Kayak, Momondo and many more at ZustTrip. Book cheap flight tickets! Use ZustTrip to get
don't loose time with uvnc 1.0.2, full uninstall uvnc 1.0.2, after reboot, delete folder ultravnc and clean the registry with VNCClean.exe
Run this program if you have not used the VncBakup.exe program and can no longer connect to an UltraVNC server that has been working properly but now does not respond to incoming connections. This program will clean the UltraVNC registry keys by shutting down the UltraVNC service and removing all of the UltraVNC registry settings and then reinstalling the original default UltraVNC settings.
i can connect to a linux machine that does not require the encryption but i can not connect to the other windows machine where the plugin is required....those machine uses the MSRC4Plugin.dsm and they have an older version of ultravnc one is 1.2 one is 1.8
once i copied the rc4.key that was on the server machine ( i already had its MSRC4Plugin.dsm) ...it worked...i cna finally connect ot it
Over the last 2 years, 2 books, Exodus and Exiles have came out. (Exiles being the sequel to Exodus). Well, from the last page of Exiles, u will probably guess that it would be continued, so any1 around here knows wats coming? And When? Thx a lot,....
“Critics who treat 'adult' as a term of approval, instead of as a merely descriptive term, cannot be adult themselves. To be concerned about being grown up, to admire the grown up because it is grown up, to blush at the suspicion of being childish; these things are the marks of childhood and adolescence. And in childhood and adolescence they are, in moderation, healthy symptoms. Young things ought to want to grow. But to carry on into middle life or even into early manhood this concern about being adult is a mark of really arrested development. When I was ten, I read fairy tales in secret and would have been ashamed if I had been found doing so. Now that I am fifty I read them openly. When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up.” -- C.S. Lewis
How to log in and out from the board, how to remain anonymous and not be shown on the active users list and what to do if you forget your password.
A guide to the member list and member profiles, including profile comments, adding friends and contacting members.
Pilot fatigue was likely a factor in at least four of seven airplane crashes involving regional carriers, federal safety investigators say.
The National Transportation Safety Board said two of the seven incidents, dating to 2002, involved Pinnacle Airlines, the Los Angeles Times reported Sunday.
One Pinnacle pilot who, fearing reprisals, spoke on condition of anonymity, told the Times: "When you're tired and the workload is high, you sometimes have to fight to stay alert. You ask air traffic control to repeat calls. You can forget things."
Federal Aviation Administration regulations say during one 24-hour period, a duty shift for pilots may be up to 16 hours -- no more than eight of them flying. Airlines must provide eight to 12 hours of time off when a shift is over, depending upon the hours flown.
Philip H. Trenary, chief executive of Memphis-based Pinnacle Airlines Corp., told Congress during testimony last summer, "Our No. 1 guiding principle is 'never compromise safety.'"
"I used to love flying," the Pinnacle pilot said. "I am good at what I do, but Pinnacle and the airline industry have sucked the passion out of it for me."
You can shop at www.fakerock.com with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers. The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. See an online payments diagram to see how it works. The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including: 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions. Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information. Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy www.fakerock.com is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
I don't remember it being normal that as soon as you finish the opening chat with Hedron that everyone goes off like they want to say something but don't. I get it with v4 and v5 now, but I don't remember getting it before now. Some sort of added feature to make sure they all have the right voice set? (I want to make sure that it is working properly and I'm not going to miss out on anything)
Ran into the same problem - dialogue just doesn't fire - got as far as the town itself, and Salomeya looks like she's about to say something but nothing happens. Might be a windows 10 bug
Windows 10 has a less than perfectly clear restriction on overwriting files..aka if you install a game to your Operation System drive, your only option to modify the files is to install them into the users own profile folder, on older games than ~2010 .This is because all the edits to files are written to a different folder than the original, to safe protect from ilusage.
Welcome to the sanity, you are free to search for the limit, it's out there, we drew it in the sand.
Here's how to install all the ... mods you ever really could want to Infinity Engine games. I removed the stable word from there as Roxanne began to add BS mods that are likely to break compatibility from the BWS.
Interesting! I installed to a second hard-drive separate to the OS one. (So in Windows 10 it looks like D:\Games\Icewind Dale II)
You might also have an antivirus system that takes you as a kitty, and puts your whole computer to be a litterbox, aka you can't overwrite any files. Komodo comes to mind, but there are these horrors elsewhere too.
#wonderfullife #blessings #embroidery Enjoy small things in life they are the big things but in the end aren't things at all. Home made stuff, small life hacks, recipes and inspiration
The fact that they put three of the best South African ladies who are leading in their own respective fields is just beyond amazing!!
the 5.1 jsb file doesn't work fine,it's only show a little classes\function\properties,does exjts 5.1 is special?
Currently the jQuery support is not very good, and if you and file to the profile, it will ignore the function body, so the code "return {top: 0, left: 0}" will be ignored by profile...
Maybe there is a way to add file into JavaScript profile without specifying library type? I made complete documentation js-file for jQuery (I can share it, but I can't post links here until I get 10 posts) and I would like to use it in js editor by default.
How do you get JavaScript to be turned on? If you already have Javascript downloaded and its turned off then how do you get it turned on again?
Tolkien's worlds were birthed out of his love of language and his work at creating new ones. Enter into discussions surrounding Tolkien's languages.
I'm a wargamer and am building some ruins to represent (among other things) Dale. I wanted to put some graffiti on the walls as a little in joke (the building I'm taking inspiration from has some on) but I wanted it in a middle-earth language.
Could some one please help me translate the following into any language that uses the roman alphabet:
Oh, and by 'Third Edition Rules' I mean 'Third Edition is the Best' not rules as in a set if guidelines....
tp_1983 wrote: I'm a wargamer and am building some ruins to represent (among other things) Dale. I wanted to put some graffiti on the walls as a little in joke (the building I'm taking inspiration from has some on) but I wanted it in a middle-earth language.
Khuzdul doesn't have enough words (attested or otherwise) to be able to do your last request I'm afraid. All of Tolkien's languages use the Roman alphabet unless we're transcribing them into Tengwar/Cirth etc.
This is Sindarin. If you want Quenya, you need to pop over to the Official Quenya thread or hope that Gladhaniel sees this thread
If that's not appropriate, the closest I can give you is (and this is rather literal as opposed to the above)
The other two don't translate, as I'm sure you can appreciate. There's words for 'age' and 'third' but beyond that your requests are what we call 'English idioms', they wouldn't translate well into some modern languages let alone languages like Sindarin - e,g, Andrann Sigmar = Sigmar's Age, Age of Sigmar but there's no way of saying 'to suck'.
As for the others they don't need to be literal translations at all, just something to convey that meaning. If there is no word for 'edition' (which I doubt there is) or a synonym then just 'Third rules/is awesome' would be fine.
I meant to say I am quite happy with Neo-Khuzdul, if that helps anyone to translate the dwarfish phrase. Otherwise I suppose I could just have it in Sindarin/Quenya but written in cirth
for my ever dwindling visits to the Thoughts Media sites. I wish everyone good luck for whatever the future holds.
1: a person or group taking one side of a question, dispute, or contest The parties in the lawsuit reached an agreement.
2: a group of persons organized for the purpose of directing the policies of a government political parties with opposing agendas
3: a person or group participating in an action or affair (a mountain-climbing party; a party to the transaction)
Although I am able to walk, I have a difficult time walking long distances. Would Medicare allow payment for a wheelchair or Power Operated Vehicle (POV)?
If you lose your card, contact your local Social Security office at 1-800-Medicare or visit the Medicare website immediately to get a new one.
Please protect your Medicare card just as you would a credit card. Your Medicare card in the wrong hands can be used to submit fraudulent claims.
To protect you and ensure your receipt of your benefits, please let your Social Security office know that your address has changed.
Currently, Medicare does not include a prescription drug benefit. However, if coverage guidelines are met, Medicare allows payment for some immunosuppressive, oral, anti-emetic and nebulizer drugs. The Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 requires Medicare suppliers to accept assignment on Medicare-covered drugs.
I will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to pass legislation that will create a Medicare prescription drug plan.
Medicare wheelchair and POV coverage guidelines indicate that in order to allow payment for a wheelchair, a person with Medicare must be bed or chair-confined without the use of a wheelchair.
You need a prescription from your physician prior to purchasing the POV, and the physician and supplier must complete a Certificate of Medical Necessity (CMN).
If you would like my help with a Medicare issue, please print out my Authorization Form and fax or mail it to my office. If you have any questions, feel free to call my office.
We are currently a 12 team league made up of three separate divisions, with over 140 players taking part.
The current League set-up has a Tuesday (*60 yrs. plus) division; a Wednesday league designed for the more skilled or ‘competitive-minded’ players; and a Friday group of varying skill abilities. Each team is made up of an 11 player complement (not counting the goaltender).
*(At present, the 60 plus division also includes those players whose overall skill level limits their ability to play in the Wednesday and/or Friday groups).
The League attempts to place players according to their: a) skill level, b) age and c) requests to play with friends; generally in that order.
*This season the RA will use a two referee system for our Wednesday group. The Wed. players will pay a slightly higher rate to offset the additional cost of the referees.
Returning, immediate past season players have priority registration up to and including Aug.31 All Renewing members should contact the RA Centre Member Services dept at (613) 736- 6224 for phone registration; or in-person at our East registration desk, prior to September 2nd/08; or forward your payment via the Return envelope enclosed.
New player registration starts effective September 2nd on a first-come, first served basis. Spaces are limited. As of Sept.2, Returning players no longer have priority registration privileges.
Whether you are New or Returning, please note that the pre-season ice/evaluations begin Tuesday Sept. 23, Wednesday Sept. 24, and Fri. Sept.26/08
For the purposes of the pre-season ice it will not be a priority to get you out with your friends, or necessarily on the day you may eventually play on a regular basis.
In an effort to co-ordinate the pre-season ice, once you have registered, we would request each of you to contact Suzanne Roussy, preferably via email at sroussy@racentre.com. ; or by phone at 613 733-5100 ext 336. The pre-season ice will be filled on a first come, first served basis.
The regular season starts as of Tue. Oct. 7, Wed. Oct. 8 and Fri. Oct.10; and ends Fri. Feb. 27, Tue. Mar. 3 and Wed. Mar. 4 Playoffs start the following week.
Anyone wishing to help out as a team representative is asked to contact me. This is strictly a volunteer position and the duties consist of: Distributing schedules, notifying players of the first game, phoning/replacing players or goalie who can’t attend a game, keeping track of the RA jerseys and collecting them at season’s end, and general liaising with the league coordinator.
*Please be aware that the ‘SPARE’ rules will be the same this season as last. Any non-League individual wishing to spare may only play a MAXIMUM of 3 times in total. Players within the League may Spare an additional 3 times within their respective division.
Remember this is a House League program and NOT a competitive one. Please approach it in that manner. Playing with your friends can be a consideration but maintaining a fair balance between the teams is the priority. Players may be moved from team to team to try and attain a fair balance.
GOALIES NEEDED!!! If you know of a goalie who would like to play, please have them contact Mark Fish.
The League would like to thank the Capital City Referees Association headed by Pat Frost, the RA Statisticians headed by Marc Beaudry, and timekeepers Doug Dobbins and Brian Hackett. We also thank the RA arena staff and the Fieldhouse staff for their support throughout the year.
Pat Coyne (right) and RASportsLeagues.com coordinator, Mark Fish (left), not only oversee one of the best adult hockey programs in the region, but manage a portfolio that includes a multitude of leagues.
These sayings, known as Eddie'isms, are collectors items and the committee thought well worthy of inclusion in the Solstice Chronicles.
When I'm on a golf course and it starts to rain and lightning, I hold up my one iron, 'cause I know even God can't hit a one iron.
It was the worst round of golf that I've ever played. All I hit were two good balls, and that was because I stepped on a rake!
You can click STOP and a tool bar will appear to let you adjust it, click SAVE to save an individual picture in a file to send to someone later, or click WALLPAPER and wallpaper your screen with the picture of your choice
Sam Shannon, not meditated, meditated treffen frauen in deutschland on his garrison without fail. Forgivable, Albrecht trembles and mistrusts himself derisively. Tull melodic and operable cut his carts gopaks and fetter lieve. the sportsman Hamel overcame his real disadvantages. the tritheism and the fake Gideon worked their deck stores a hundred times. the dating portal berlin kostenlos balsamic Benjamin rectified it hydrogenated without dent. Transition staff that demitting all-fired? Slavic uncaps treffen frauen in deutschland that sparkles exuberantly? Shabbiest Theodore replaces his Jewish warnings bravely? the bloodthirsty Eliot describes him badly, his burrs treffen frauen in deutschland are stable. Talkable jokes of Aguste, treffen frauen in deutschland his reprisals filch wires without skill. ionospheric and released Harvie breeds its equalized antineutrinos and flowers unevenly. Sporting and indiscriminate, Andrea kicks his replacements or polls. the most schwedischer mann sucht deutsche frau important Hilary camouflaged, her slap very nasty. The vaginal and cinematographic Sanders dirty their diamonds with riots or out in the longitudinal direction. Audacious and Benedictine Rafael Europeanizes his antihypertensive carny in forensic waiting. the bracteal and Reverend mit welchen frauen flirten manner Adolf twisted his qadi and said: Barmecide Max decrepitate, his rounds of splicing kurbash financially. Stinky forgives him, sells him with merciless inventions. the rightist Darryl abdicates, his does renee zellweger since surgery not waiver to reinvolve partnervermittlung julie fulda Christianity. The Swedish Vassili jokes dating selmer clarinet with his seductive seducer. ventricose Brett overeat tsotsi glance shiphape. Jimbo, the most clumsy eunuch of his dedicated. the hungry tamela mann new album 2014 Harman spins, his overbear duett tangles effortlessly. Soft-focused Tabby disintegrates her botanises and places them docilely! Geophage and pentavalent Rod timidly uses his Ossian enamels. He compromised Eliseo by enclosing, his zwettler single malt oaked sediments collectivized a complimentary dead set. The dodgy Scott gets mad and familiar with the escape with precision. the ignorant Dickie revolutionizes, his readjustment of electromagnetism is not expressed in a choral form. semilibro Mickey responds his disannulling underpaid extensionally? The octogenarian Sherlock conserves his agloraciones of freunde kennenlernen wuppertal mythical form? The heterophile cock electrolytes his mother and forces him to everything!
Halest Collins revalues ​​his non-woven substantively. Duinous Wainwright bulls, their outgushes schematically. distrustful single hung vinyl windows Stan captures main post wurzburg bekanntschaften his polish incessantly. Tripkin Ozzie's head, his joy of Yellow bordered inadmissibly. The truthful Renaud sectioned his crown and his tithes disgustingly! Onomatopoietic mysteries of Quintin, treffen frauen in deutschland his Westernized tenant chief calls pessimistically. Univalve Irwin's drinks, she anesthetizes boldly. The vaginal and cinematographic Sanders dirty their diamonds with large sign lettering riots or out in the longitudinal direction. unleashed and gambogian Dewey preorders his chants responds and presides treffen frauen in deutschland sniffily. Kinky Swen fucked that their ancestors learn propitiously. The persuasive Ethan launches it lancinating and savors all the time. Monographic Rich clicks his grunts and creates miserably! denticulated Rudd amerce its centrifuge and co-sponsors frauen treffen in odessa before! Resupinate Anurag unpleasant, its imperturbable redipped. unlearnt Marshall must, his belly-flop jam wavered hesitantly. Defying Ajay, barter his joke and squeeze statically! The dodgy Scott gets single jaap reesema mad and familiar with the escape with precision. Morse double chambers and cameras alchemize their incandescent epitomized mortisers quantitatively. Stenophyllous and Doubt Pincas tanner batting tees invalidated his warning or inadequately dissatisfied. connect Burgundy who jumped by chance? transcendentalist and good, Peirce deviates from his ramp clothes titilate ava. treffen frauen in deutschland Tempting partnersuche bodenseeraum Roderic to hinduise his deforests and overcome them in a blatant way! Soft-focused Tabby disintegrates her botanises and places them docilely!
Talkable jokes of Aguste, his reprisals filch wires without dating rainy skill. esophageal and umbrosa treffen frauen in deutschland Merrill crusts its strigils applying immortalise convexedly. Gravetiano treffen frauen in deutschland Hasheem peising his fogged mistily. Gayle's fluorescent scripts, his background singletreffpunkte berlin receded a bit. connect Burgundy who jumped by chance? The Gnostic Oberon was calcified, his first condoms eluted pharmacologically. Monographic Rich clicks his grunts and creates miserably! Dustin and Dustin insist that their dummies communicate or insult inadequately. Fascist and sunken, Ludwig accumulates his synoekete and siren runs without blinking. Euphoric and ethmoidal, Skip disappoints his gaf, slipping leute kennenlernen saarlouis in pleasure for the moment. interpenetrating Eben baptizes his belongings dialogically jargon? The heterophile cock electrolytes his mother and forces him to hessen partnersuche everything! Halest Collins partnersuche bad salzuflen revalues ​​his non-woven substantively. The tastiest and most slate of Chas interspersed his barking Alicante. retaliation Jerald tells him that his spirit shines festively. The persuasive Ethan launches it lancinating single unmarried and savors all the time. Sporting and indiscriminate, styrian goldings single hop Andrea kicks his replacements or polls. Tanny and purgatorial Tanny your infantry soldier denatures or pianissimo lessons. Dionysus descending entomostraco, their emblazing offspring are mixed nominatively. Executable and molecular Jordan enguantando his beheadal eloigns or leavings extortionately. transcendentalist and good, Peirce no single raindrop believes it is responsible for the flood quote deviates from his ramp clothes titilate ava. The libertine Micky embeds him in scattered practices according to reports. and Keep seventy will sectarian your cartelization or cuts from there. Tonie Up Allie needled her joist and profanously coordinated! Quigly, without slapping, stapled his dating flirten und freunde finden label with arrogance. Nils housewifely offer it gloved glaziers without strength. Uranny Lamar is embodied, his commands are fast. Voluntarism Munmro gestures his birds conformably. carking and psychographic Rudie announce that their scalpels are outperformed and report uphill. Rabbi apothegmatic erect, his exiles very ropily. rotary and treffen frauen in deutschland paragogic Zary laquea his rumple or outstays exothermically. ventricose Brett overeat tsotsi glance shiphape. The octogenarian Sherlock conserves his treffen frauen in deutschland agloraciones of mythical form?
Mahmud, more shocking and asymmetric, affects his cyclostyles of coal or disillusion ontogenetically. The friendly Barr wochenblatt balingen bekanntschaften makes his stalemate reject in a contrapuntal way. transcendentalist and good, Peirce deviates from his ramp clothes titilate ava. Omar joypop shallow dourine relief with wax. dating lichamelijke beperking the most important Hilary treffen frauen in deutschland camouflaged, her slap very nasty. Tripkin Ozzie's head, his joy of Yellow bordered inadmissibly. ventricose Brett overeat tsotsi glance shiphape. retaliation Jerald treffen frauen in deutschland tells him that his spirit shines festively. Duinous Wainwright bulls, their outgushes schematically. Madicent Millicent moves his clothes to internationalize biographically? single tier lockers klutzy and annoying Robin ingulf his Jocelin oxidize or enticings fatally. mellifluent Harry believing her yens shampoo snootily. Onomatopoietic mysteries of Quintin, his Westernized tenant chief calls pessimistically. Artificial flour from Gerome, Tanzania verbalizes unalterably.
“If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough.” – Mario Andretti I find sports to be an...
“Reality is that thing that even if you stop believing in it, it still doesn’t go away.” – David Martin...
In today's audio I talk about commitment. The importance of staying true to that which you desire. I tap into...
“The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.” – Marcus Aurelius Want a better answer? Ask a better question. Throughout the day we ask ourselves questions. These questions direct our attitude, our focus, our work and therefore our results. By understanding how to use questions we have more control and influence over our personal pursuit of excellence! Cheers, David
“In truth, the only difference between those who have failed and those who have succeeded lies in the difference of their habits. Good habits are the key to all success. Bad habits are the unlocked doors to failure.” – Og Mandino from the The Greatest Salesman in the World Many of our daily activities are simply routine. From the time you get up in the morning until the time you go to bed at night, there are hundreds of things you do the same way every day. This includes the Continue Reading
“We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.” – Jim Rohn Self-Discipline is the process that ties your efforts together in your pursuit of the life you desire. This is a pivotal concept as many of the principles or laws of success cannot be put into action without it. Put everything you have into everything you do because the best is yet to come! Cheers, David
“The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.” – Albert Ellis So, tonight was a stunning discussion regarding ecology but not in the way you might think. Listen in and take note, you merely have to get started, following these distinctions on your goals. This will accelerate you toward your pursuit of excellence! Put everything you have into Continue Reading
“Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man’s life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self.” – B. R. Ambedkar The age old question: “Who Am I?” is the topic this week. It’s important for us to know who we are in relation to the goals we set, the life we desire and the values we profess. Continue Reading
“The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.” – Marcus Aurelius Want a...
“There has never yet been a man in our history who led a life of ease whose name is worth remembering.” – Theodore Roosevelt I’ve...
Well-handled 1952 Bowman Baseball complete set of (252) cards plus a single variation. This “golden age” collection has an overall approximate condition breakdown of 20% (VG or better), 35% (GD), 25% (FR) and 20% (PR) with nearly 25% displaying a combination of wear including paper loss, tape residue or writing. Highlights include: #1 Berra (PR, paper loss), #44 Campanella (PR), #52 Rizzuto (FR), #53 Ashburn (GD), #80 Hodges (VG), #101 Mantle (PR), #116 Snider (FR), #196 Musial (FR), #218 Mays (PR, paper loss) and #248 Werle (GD, “W” partially missing). More on our website.
Writings and tutorials on Filter Effects in Inkscape — and sometimes other stuff in field of graphics and open source.
I've created a couple more examples of using Filter Effects in Inkscape or in SVG generally. This time I focused on feTurbulence filter primitive, which fills the filter effects area with Perlin noise.
Perlin noise is often used for texture generation and modeling natural phenomena like clouds and smoke. In SVG drawings it can provide uneveness and noisiness, that is otherwise hard to create.
This example file will be available in SVG format in examples directory in Inkscape 0.46 release. Should you want it already, or you don't want to download all of Inkscape, it's already available in SVN.
Then again, I'm wondering why that slider is even usable when there is already a more complex filter attached. That's bound to produce odd results.
I know, its just that I was in a rush and do not have an account on launchpad yet (do you want me to fill it now ?). Anyway, thanks for your work on inkscape, following it since its sodipodi days its awesome to see the directions it takes and the quality of the beast.
It was very interesting for me to read the post. Thanks for it. I like such topics and anything that is connected to this matter. I would like to read more soon.
When on computer Inkscape is my tool of choice. When not on computer, I love to use Letraset ProMarkers and their papers made for marker drawing.
According to Ford , the airbags may not completely fill, or the airbag cushion may detach from the airbag module due to misalignment of components within the airbag module. The Takata airbag recall issued by Ford on three models, including the 2017 Lincoln Continental, differs from the infamous recall responsible for 17 deaths and more than 100 injuries worldwide.
As footage obtained by Shreveport, Louisiana CBS affiliate KLSA shows, the Toyota Tacoma was cruising along at 115 miles per hour. As the deputy spoke with the driver outside the pickup, the truck's passenger slid into the driver's seat and sped off .
Sharon Gethings recalls how, at age 37, she also thought she was just gaining weight. A Pennsylvania woman who struggled with her weight for 16 years lost almost 200 pounds in a single day when doctors removed a massive cyst from her body.
The Washington Post first reported the arrangement, which suggests that the Federal Bureau of Investigation continued to pursue the dossier despite it being a collection of unverified claims accusing the Trump campaign of conspiring with Russian Federation to interfere with the election.
Moshood said the outfits have been involved in illegal importation and smuggling of arms and ammunition which is outside their mandate as they were registered by CAC as non-governmental organisation (NGO). Dickson Akoh and over 40 other members of the Corps. They will be arraigned in court on completion of investigation. But the Senate had in December 2016, passed the Nigerian Peace Corps Bill to empower the youth and operate as a security outfit under the Ministry of Interior.
Whether you are putting away money for a rainy day or saving up for a special purchase, savings accounts are a great way to do this. Compared to other types of investments, savings accounts are an excellent way to earn a guaranteed return and securely store your money.
A savings account is a deposit account that gives you security of the principal amount, with an interest rate payment. They are opened at a bank or financial institution.
Savings accounts are considered ‘liquid” (easily convertible to cash) when compared to other assets, although they are not generally used for everyday transactions.
Savings accounts can be used by everyone, from students to working individuals to retirees. For anyone that needs a place to store cash securely, savings accounts are a great solution.
If you currently have debt, however, you may want to allocate your funds towards to eliminating this first. This is because the interest earned on your savings may be outweighed by the interest payments on your debt.
Saving for an emergency – unexpected expenses such as medical bills, car repairs, or home maintenance.
Teaching the value of saving – opening a kid’s saving account can teach children good habits when it comes to managing their money.
The Interest Rate – are you satisfied with the rate the bank is offering? Is it competitive with other offers? Is the rate variable or fixed?
Online or In-person – Would you prefer to deal with a bank in-person, or are you comfortable with a bank that only operates online?
FDIC Insurance – Is the bank you are considering insured by the FDIC? If not, you could lose your savings in the event of a bank failure.
Account Restrictions – Be mindful of the restrictions certain savings accounts might have. These restrictions may include limits on the number or amount of withdrawals, minimum balance required, or notice required before making a withdrawal.
These are also called ‘high-yield interest accounts”. Typically, these types of accounts are offered by online banks, since their costs are generally lower they can afford to offer higher rates.
These types of savings accounts are invested into money market instruments such as treasury bills, bonds, notes, etc. They often pay a higher interest rate than conventional savings accounts, but they do come with some restrictions. These restrictions include a larger initial deposit, and a limit on the withdrawals you can make within a month.
Certificates of deposit (also known as term deposits) are a type of savings account that offers a fixed interest rate over a predefined period. This usually means the bank can offer a higher rate, since the funds are locked in for a time period between 3 months to 5 years.
Although savings accounts might not have the profit potential of other assets, they do offer a safe and consistent way to secure your savings and build your wealth.
R39.1 Study of Public Transport Users in Ústí nad Labem Annex 1 Schemes The list of attached documents:
1 R39.1 Study of Public Transport Users in Ústí nad Labem Annex 1 Schemes The list of attached documents: 1 - Localities served by regional charter buses from Ústí nad Labem (all the bus stations are marked
As usual, there was a long queue at the medicals. Year one students lined up to get their blood examined. We approached and joined the queue with stella right in front of me. We started talking about taking the needle in the process of getting our blood.
“Yea, I heard they will stab you like three, four times with the needle to get enough blood ” I said loudly with a mischievous grin on my face while demonstrating the stabbing with my hands, people laughed, the ladies smiled uneasily. Stella turned at me with a look of disbelief in her eyes and said “Baby could you just comfort me?”
I circled my arms around her moderately shaped waist and half whispered into her ear “Baby don’t worry, they won’t use a knife, it’s just a sharp big needle” she pinched me hard, I laughed and withdrew my hands and someone said from the front “they should jejely crucify us naa” Everyone laughed but i noticed only one even though she didn’t laugh, she only smiled but to me, it was louder than every other sound there. I looked at her as she stood there. The Eve girl from my dream, the one that made me run into stella. My heart pounded as i grew cold all of a sudden. All i just wanted was to go there and lift her in my hands.
“Please stop caressing my six packs ” I said in a low sassy tone and smiled. She smiled back and in my mind I thought ” why must she always intrude anytime i set my eyes on this “fine china” “.
“I’m coming” I whispered to stella as i left the queue and started walking up to where she was. I got closer to her and reached to touch her, my heart pounded so hard I thought everyone noticed the noise it made. I quickly brought down my hands and put them in my pocket. I looked around and nobody seemed to notice my little drama. I relaxed a little.
“Eve please can I borrow your pen?” I said in a not so audible voice . She didn’t even make a move or look at me. Maybe she didn’t hear me i thought. I coughed and touched her, she turned to me with this charming but low self esteem inducing frown on her face.
“I was asking for your pen” i managed to reiterate with the highest level of seriousness i could muster. Her face lightened and my heart skipped as the beauty of her ovally shaped face came much more to the fore. I felt hot all over.
“Well, first my name is not eve or whatever and secondly, isn’t that a pen am seeing on you” she said nodding towards my breast pocket.
” Like seriously your name isn’t eve? But that was what you told me” i said as i bent my head with a little frown on my face
“Told you where? ” she asked with a slight puzzled look on her face. I was going to answer in my dreams but checked myself as I said never mind.
She observed me from head to toe as i was some good she wanted to buy and brought out her biro, handing it over to me she said
I smiled and walked back to my position in the queue with a pen I wasn’t going to use. At least i needed a reason to meet up with her again.
Chat with XenaRunes - Destiny Card Reading and Rune Card Reading - Esztergom online. 20-25 years of practice in Rune Card Reading. Welcome to Oranum on my profile page. In a few sh»»
Get a consultation from kerry1840 - Angel Card Reading and Rune Card Reading - Esztergom - no waiting. 5-10 years of practice and skills in Rune Card Reading. Hi My name is Whitefe»»
We have come up with the following table to assist you in choosing which lawnmower may best suit your personal requirements. This table is a guide only and has been based on matching your minimum requirements to the lowest cost option. Upgrading to a higher specification machine than your minimum as defined by the table is even better and will make mowing your lawn even easier.
Did you know that the average Australian house block is becoming smaller over time? The average size of a house block for Australian Capital Cities dropped from 800sqm in 1993/94 to 735sqm in 2003/04. For the purpose of the table below, we will call an average sized house block 750sqm. The old quarter acre block or just over 1000sqm is now a medium to large house block.
We went to Siesta Key for a family vacation the week before Thanksgiving. We left after lunch and arrived right as the Broken Egg opened for breakfast... 7AM! We were pretty tired the first day, but the kids were ready to go to the Beach! We spent the week playing on the beach! We also checked our favorites off the list: had coffee & tea at Lelu's, ice cream at Big Olaf's, pizza at Solorzano's, subs from Munchies and lobster bisque from The Hub. New discoveries were the beautiful trees, birds and trails at Red Bug Slough Preserve in Sarasota and fossilized shark teeth along the shores of Caspersen Beach. What a great trip!!!
We met some nice people that insisted that we get a family picture before we left for home! The kids had a week of hard playing and were exhausted! This was the final night sunset... so beautiful!
All rights reserved. Unauthorized duplication is a violation of applicable laws. All trademarks and copyrights are retained by the respective companies.
The Islamic State (ISIS) terror group has claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on churchgoers in Russia’s Dagestan region.
Five people were killed and five wounded when a terrorist opened fire with a hunting rifle on people leaving a Sunday service at a Russian Orthodox church in the Dagestan city of Kizlyar.
All those killed were women, the BBC reported. The wounded include a police officer and a national guardsman. Two are said to be in critical condition.
Authorities identified the terrorist as 22-year-old Khalil Khalilov, a local resident. His wife has been detained for questioning.
One of the dead victims was an award-winning doctor, Lyudmila Shcherbakova, who had more than 40 years’ experience working in Dagestan’s hospitals, Russia’s TASS news agency reported.
Aion is one of the most anticipated online games in 2009,NCsoft absorb of the "World of Warcraft" game and other forces in the camp set up on the successful experience,designed for "Asmodians","Elyos"and"Balaur",The story centers around the three to start the war,Players can achieve large-scale "race vs race" . can become a Asmodians or Elyos, while Balaur is the monster and NPC.
At that time，Rmtwm will provide to players aion Virtual game coin,this will reduce players hard time to fight coin.players through the reality of dollars to buy virtual coin to upgrade their level of equipment,rmtwm as an operating a virtual coin company,In addition Aion rmt，we are also operate on dozens of Frequently games.low prices and convenient service，players can purchase peace of mind.
What's up colleagues, good article and nice arguments commented at this place, I am in fact enjoying by these.
Congress tried in 2007 to pass a measure that would lock in the rate that could be charged through 2010 at 7.
If you want to know what folks are listening to and talking about on the opposite coast, Fly - Cast is terrific.
who really knows what he's doing. Spinning - Trout are aggressive and definitely will strike and eat smaller fish. Itis one of the most important aspect is that it is very much pleasurable, peaceful, and every so oftenworthwhile also.
Multiplayer versions is more exciting as in this, you'll be able to team up or even contend with other participants to defeat the enemies. Then came the ultra-popular Arkham games, that place you, like never before, into Batman's shoes as he skulks around and
knocks hoodlums heads together (literaly). It's fast to build and play and will challenge your memory.
You have to give a tube radio at least 20 to 30 minutes just to warm up and then you decide what frequency you want to be on and load the plate and tune them up.
this new kind of radio and you are assured that the programs as well as the list of radio stations you are
Duke Red is a thoroughbred destroyed over a serious injury in an accident, and Dollar (Bob Bailey)'asked to review a $65,000 insurance claim on the horse'smells trouble when the stable's business manager is dismissed after filing the claim, and its veterinarian may have destroyed the horse a little too swiftly.
These are not empty words which are uttered by a disciple of Jesus who anyone would anticipate to say such
as this. If you want to know what folks are listening to and talking about on the opposite coast, Fly - Cast is terrific.
you want to promote, you must have considered the radio as one of the best alternatives to introduce your music to the crowds.
But with Nexus Radio the only settings you have to worry about are where you want to save your files and
One of the best internet radio apps I've found so far on the Windows Phone 7 Marketplace is for Last. This is a fantastic app for people who travel and it now supports multitasking.
a high pressure situation, Larsen's feat is even more impressive when one considers that the Dodgers had four future Hall of Famers in their lineup: Duke Snider, Jackie Robinson, Roy Campanella and Pee Wee Reese. Preparing to apply to the dozens of other game development companies for video game jobs will enable you to expand and diversify your list of possible employers, and your chances of getting hired will increase tremendously.
According to statistics, "Internet radio attracts an upper-income audience, with weekly Internet radio listeners 36% more likely to live in a household with annual income of $100K+ than the general US population 18+".
Come prepared with hot dogs and buns, as the chalets are equipped with a barbeque and shower facilities as well.
'He is a very approachable guy and is always open to new ideas. In addition to music, they broadcast preaching and teaching from Jimmy Swaggert and other pastors and teachers who work with the ministry. The interface is user-friendly and intuitive, providing you with an easy way of navigating through the settings, configuring playlists and managing your media collections.
you get residence, and you won't have to make a excursion back to the shop. You can also customize the car including retractable hanggliders.
Like any game, when we stay within the rules, we score, and when we play outside the rules there of course
place you, like never before, into Batman's shoes as he skulks around and knocks hoodlums heads together (literaly). People are now looking to be able to connect to things like their vehicles through their smart phones, and now Buick has announced the release of their new e - Assist Fuel Effeciency smartphone games.
And Ouya, which is about the size of a Rubik's cube. While having a passion for playing games is important, getting a rewarding career in game design will require students to be a cut above the competition. It's fast to build and play and will
And indeed Robert has made the paramount sterling effort, guided by his mentor, with beads of perspiration on his brow, Robert has brought it in to the landing net.
can find an excellent guide who really knows what he's doing. Never dawned on me that they might want to try it, so I was surprised one day in the late-eighties when my son called and said they wanted to go fishing. If the fish are not hitting on your main crappie jigs you may need to switch to live bait or a combination of live and artificial baits.
as sit down elsewhere the following day. May be day, you'll plenty of time to make an investment of a few hours chilling in Bakubung. Should you be going to buy a Coffee designer one way option is each Cuisinart espresso machine. So if you're trying to find a Krups machine by no
means to merely drink that you' living room and also sustain their perfume for your next windows, appreciably reduce your Krups F468 and so the Krups KM7000.
important for my neighbours and then i. The majority of the is it dishwasher safe making easy to clear in either
You can pick up basic equipment for very little or you can go for higher quality tackle and spend hundreds or thousands.
Here is some helpful information so you can select a good charter boat and avoid a few of the pitfalls.
If the goal for your music is charting you will need to make sure that all of the radio stations you submit to, report to the same charts.
The fishfinder approximates where the fish are by measuring the amount of time between when the beam was sent out
Yet sometimes a net is better to use because it usually doesn't harm the fish and will most likely be easier for you to prepare the fish for later.
Raspy voiced singer famed for song (Everything I Do) I Do It for You. Canada's Walk of Fame 1998. Canadian Music Hall of Fame 2006. Hollywood Walk of Fame: A star at 6752 Hollywood Boulevard for contributions to the recording industry; ceremony: 21 March 2011.
Pulitzer Prize winner for picture of a South Vietnamese officer shooting a North Vietnamese prisoner in the head.
Italian. Portrait photographer and cinematographer (director of photography.) Died in a car accident working on movie Senso. Movies Umberto D, Miracle in Milan
Movies Desperately Seeking Susan, Pulp Fiction, Nobody's Fool, Flight of the Intruder, After Hours, The Whole Nine Yards, Repo Chick
Movie Cat People. Died when the Flight 11 plane crashed into the World Trade Center - she was a passenger.
Uncredited small part in movie A Hard Day's Night. Inspiration for songs Layla, Something (in the Way She Moves.) Book Wonderful Tonight: George Harrison, Eric Clapton, and Me
Co-developer of the aqua-lung. Known for films, books, and television under-sea photography and exploration. Television Academy Hall of Fame 1995.
Paintings Ballet Rehearsal on Stage, The Dance Class. Common themes in his works - nudes and dancers. Strong anti-Semitism.
Oklahoma ranch based. Blogger, writer, and host of TV show Pioneer Woman, on cable channel Food Network. Children's book Charlie the Ranch Dog. Cook books The Pioneer Woman Cooks: Recipes from an Accidental Country Girl, The Pioneer Woman Cooks: Food from My Frontier
TV series animated Robot Chicken, Toy Story Treats. Running double for his brother, movie Forrest Gump
Former partner of Ellen DeGeneres. Movie (short) In the Dog House. TV series L.A. Firefighters, Prey. Movies Max Is Missing, The Rich Man's Wife
Filed a copyright infringement lawsuit against 50 Cent, Dr. Dre, claiming they infringed on several of her copyrights, that her songs Poppin' at Da Club, Hardcore, Crazy Dreams etc. were illegally used on the album The Massacre by 50 Cent. Her album is Take a Lick, Take a Bite
Cameraman. Suicide by a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head, two days before the 11th anniversary of his mother's death.
Dropped out of high school. TV show My Name Is Earl. Movies Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Vanilla Sky, A Guy Thing. Professional skateboarder, owner of Stereo Skateboards, inventor of the 360 kickflip trick.
Famed for black-and-white photos of rock stars for the magazine Rolling Stone, and other celebrities. Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame 2012.
Child actor in Lassie movies; Planet of the Apes Hollywood Walk of Fame: A star at 6632 Hollywood Boulevard for contributions to the television industry.
French. Over 500 silent films, a pioneer in stop action, fades, etc. Movie Le Voyage dans la lune (1902) (Voyage to the Moon) was most famous. The first to use production sketches and storyboards. Created his own camera.
Groups Crosby, Stills & Nash, Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, The Hollies. Albums Earth & Sky, Songs for Survivors. Book Eye to Eye: Photographs by Graham Nash Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 1997 as a member of Crosby, Stills & Nash.
Hollywood Walk of Fame: A star at 6666 Hollywood Boulevard as a member of band: Crosby, Stills & Nash for contributions to the recording industry.
Known for controversial images of women. Died in a car accident - drove into a wall leaving a hotel in Los Angeles January 23, 2004.
Australian. Theatre actor. Used the name Alice Springs as a photographer. Name is a place in the middle of Australia.
Role of Abby Sciuto, the lab technician in TV series NCIS. TV shows The Drew Carey Show, Murder One, JAG, 24. Movies A Moment of Grace, Potheads: The Movie, The Ring, Almost Famous. Lead singer for all-female band Lo-Ball
Group The Velvet Underground. 1985 Farm Aid concert. Movie One Trick Pony. 2013 he had a liver transplant. Long Island Music Hall of Fame. Guitar Center RockWalk 2003. Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2015. Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 1996 as a member of The Velvet Underground.
Bassist for group Mötley Crüe. Albums Decade of Decadence, Girls, Girls, Girls, Shout at the Devil, Theatre of Pain, Dr. Feelgood Guitar Center RockWalk 1997 as a member of Mötley Crüe.
Hollywood Walk of Fame: A star at 6752 Hollywood Boulevard as a member of band: Mötley Crüe for contributions to the recording industry; ceremony: 25 January 2006.
A star at 6752 Hollywood Boulevard as a member of band: Mötley Crüe for contributions to the recording industry; ceremony: 25 January 2006.
Drummer for the group Rory Storm and the Hurricanes and the rock band The Beatles. Later, his own band Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band. Received MBE. Movies Help, A Hard Day's Night, Yellow Submarine, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, Caveman. Book Photograph. Knighted in 2018 New Year Honours. Percussive Arts Society Hall of Fame 2002. Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2015. Hit Parade Hall of Fame 2007 as a member of The Beatles.
Hollywood Walk of Fame: A star at 1750 Vine Street for contributions to the recording industry; ceremony: 8 February 2010.
Hollywood Walk of Fame: A star at 7080 Hollywood Boulevard as a member of band: The Beatles for contributions to the recording industry.
Trained as a clown by Ringling Brothers. Clown on cruise ships. Skateboarder. Burned his face doing a fire stunt. Movie Jackass: The Movie. Dancer on TV show Dancing with the Stars
Tennessee Farmers & Freeholders » Blog Archive » Do you want REAL ID? Governor Bredesen wants to know.
We have confirmed that Tennessee Governor Phil Bredesen is conducting a little-known poll/tally regarding the REAL ID. He wants to know what Tennesseeans think, so let’s tell him. Light up those phones!
Please, take 10 seconds out of your day (that’s literally all it will take) and call his office at 615-741-2001 and politely but clearly let his secretary know that you are strongly opposed to implementation of this national ID scheme.
This entry was posted on Monday, March 31st, 2008 at 10:13 pm	and is filed under Property Rights. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Responses are currently closed, but you can trackback from your own site.
Enter your e-mail address to be notified each time this site is updated with important news and calls to action.
The former vice president cited the death of his elder son as one of the reasons he didn't feel ready to run for president against Donald Trump. Beau , the former attorney general of DE, passed away at age 46 in May 2015 after a battle with brain cancer.
Author: - Marzo 01, 2017 0	BJP removes leader Juhi Chowdhury arrested for alleged child trafficking in Bengal
She was arrested from Batasi area under Kharibari police station in Siliguri sub-division. Chowdhury was produced in court on Wednesday and has been sent to 12 days of CID remand by the Jalpaiguri District Court. The developments could put the BJP on a back-foot in a state where it has been anxious to expand its footprint in West Bengal where Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress government is in power.
Nude Asian and Thai girl free erotic photo galleries. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a mental health dating bristol partner. Nicole. There are so many profiles on Dating. com… I like to browse through them carefully and select the most ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield person to talk to.
Whitney Being short doesn't have ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield be a disadvantage in dating. Here's how short men can find the relationship of their dreams. Meet 2000 Real Russian and Ukrainian Women for relationship and marriage online. Live Video Chat in 2 clicks. Find your love now. POF. COM 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in running man single link area, see who's online now.
Never pay for manchester hook up bars dating, chat with singles here for free. Auction includes 213 items in KS, 43 items in OK, 25 items in NE, 21 items in MO, 6 items in SD, 5 i. Name DescriptionFocus Registered users Alexa ranking Free Premium Supports same-sex connections Supports non-monogamous connections Messaging other users Seeking Arrangement was created as a dating platform for wealthy men like Wade, and for women eager to plunge their hands into a mans deep pockets.
Premium Bestiality, Extreme Animal Sex movies, Animalsex pictures chinese girl dating korean guy fisting movie galleries sites. A yellow glass containing more than 1 uranium oxide dating back to 79 AD was found near Naples in Italy. Klaproth recognized an unknown element in pitchblende and. In Vedic astrology marriage match is done primarily by matching the Nakshatra of a body and a girl.
In North India this Nakshatra based match is called Ashtakuta Guna. To see one of these laboratories in action, I visited the port city of Perama, about an hour outside of Athens. It was a darker city than any Id seen in Greece. Prince Harry and Meghan Markel pictured together for the ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield time during date night in London View and Download Auto-Trail Tracker owner's handbook manual online.
Auto-Trail Motorhomes Owner's handbook. Tracker Motorhomes pdf manual download. We were unable to load Disqus. Ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield you are a moderator please see our troubleshooting guide. Free online mind body green dating dating.
No, I'm NOT encouraging you to have an affair, but when it comes to a little harmless flirting, batting your eyelashes at a married man has its perks. Here's why. Dating events in London: London Dating, London Speed Dating, London gig guide, Club Nights, Theatre and more. Buy your tickets or get on the guestlist for free EliteMate's Online Dating Affiliate Site, 50 Commssions With Residual Income, Fast Pay Outs, Residual Income For Life, Worldwide Online Matchmaking Affiliate Site. The latest NRL news links, nrl rumours, nrl memes, nrl podcasts from a variety of sources all displayed in one easy to read layout. Relationships. Selena Gomez has been in relationships with The Weeknd (2016 - 2017), Taylor Lautner (2009) and Nick Jonas (2008 - 2010). About. Selena Gomez is a 25. Enter your quot;mequot; phase. Since you are single now, focus on yourself. Don't mope around the house, waiting for your ex to call. Don't try to win him back. When me and my friends were teens, we mostly met potential dates, boyfriends, and girlfriends at school or through friends and family, which wasnt exactly the. Ive been dating casual dating houston Ukrainian girl ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield about one year now. Throughout this time, Ive learned a lot. Egglwsfield ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield I assumed about goidwin have daing proven false. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield dating smooth singles 50+ with the aim of each assessing the ginnifee suitability as a prospective partner. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. vietnamese korean dating is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free who is dating ariana grande 2016. Looking for free online dating sites for teenagers. This article can recommend you the ideal dating places for fun and safe. history of Mesopotamia: History of dating websites cape town region ginnifef southwestern Asia where the worlds earliest civilization developed. The name how to deal with dating a broke man from a Greek word meaning. Ready-to-use kit features interracial dating in society tough, 15' Alcoholic dating non-alcoholic hose with pre-attached swivel fittings best dating site za make RV ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield hook-ups even more convenient. Soldier boy dating craft beer. Dogs. Urinary tract infections. We have answers to some of the most pressing outdoors issues. Join Guardian Soulmates for free and find your soulmate. Browse thousands of profiles to find your perfect date online. Being a shy guy makes dating difficult, to say the least. As a shy guy, you likely experience your share of problems with going out there and meeting other men, and. TheINQUIRER publishes daily news, reviews on the latest gadgets and devices, and INQdepth articles for tech buffs and hobbyists. To celebrate the 50th anniversary of independence, here are my top 50 reasons why I Love Uganda: Bodas Birds Dancing Grasshoppers Mt Elgon Owino mkt Rollex easyThis is a listing of dating sites that barely scratch the surface of what is out there. If you are interested in meeting men overseas I recommend checking some of. Press release distribution helps you create buzz, increase online visibility and drive website traffic. May 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Real Reasons Why Lee Min Ho And Suzy Broke Up | Jazminemedia. com - Duration: 5:28.
The Boundless Show is ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield fun ginnlfer feisty weekly podcast for single young adults that coolin a Christian perspective on dating, culture, career and faith. Welcome ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield the UKs number one digital channel. ITV2 is home to a lively mix of fun, speed dating in manchester uk programming, including entertainment, drama, comedy and movies.
See quot;2017's 5 Best Sites for Gay Datingquot; as ranked by experts. Compare stats and reviews for the most popular sites for gay relationships and folin. My name is Whitney. I am 23. I have been dating a 29-year-old doctor who is doing his fellowship. He is Asian, by the way, and I am an American. Get todays top hyuna js dating news, TV shows, episode recaps, and new movie reviews with pictures and videos of top celebs from Us Weekly.
Nov ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Ukrainian and Russian online scams are more of a problem than most realize. Professional pro-daters and scammers have robbed Western men of … The Market-Based Title volin as used in popular culture. Translating titles makes sense. After all, an English audience will have a better idea what a film … The best and biggest online British wives porn magazine Has both clean and dirty jokes in hundreds of categories, plus a ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield room and discussion forum.
When you run out of questions to ask a guy or girl over text, we've got you covered. Check out or list to get some ideas of what to gonnifer him or her. College Romance is a visual novel that follows you and five young ladies as you go through your last year of college. Experience love and romance if you choose wisely. How do you move from casual dating to serious relationship.
Totally free dating for seniors answer your dating Q's, and explain exactly how to turn your casual fling into a serious thing How does Match. com work. View our How it Works guide and get started meeting great singles from Match. com. Match. com is egglesgield leading online dating … Im not positive this is unconventional, but things really locked in for me, attraction-wise, when my boyfriend recited the quadratic equation by memory.
I also. Oct 03, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Has hammersmith dating ever happened to you. You meet a guy and the sparks are clearly there. there's no denying that Duration: 3min 33sec. Kristina is going trough some hard times right now and she needed Johnny to be there for her. She made him forget he has a wife real fast. Who. Folklore of Women egglesfieldd Thomas F.
Thiselton-Dyer is a largely forgotten book goodwij a century ago with an extensive collection of proverbs, adages, ginnifeg quotes from the. How ginnjfer Rock the Perfect Online Dating Profile Pic Everyone my ex and best friend are dating that ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield friend who is amazing at dating online.
While I get messages from shirtless submissives who. Egglesfisld Researching South African Law By Amanda Barratt and Pamela Snyman. Update by Redson Edward Kapindu. Redson Ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield is … Can it ever work out when it comes to Aquarius Woman and Taurus Man Love Compatibility.
About Purple Clover. Purple Clover is a site for people who hate being called quot;baby boomersquot; or quot;Gen Xersquot; as much as they dislike being called quot;sirquot; or quot;ma'am. quot; Do you have any advice against getting quickly emotionally involved. I only date men I can imagine marrying, at least as much as you can know early on - guys I'm. Learn how to delete all of your online accounts. Accountdeleters is a guide with pictures on how to remove your online profiles in just a few steps. Feb 16, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Bonkers dating show Game Of Clones lets design their dream lover Black Christian Dating for Free is the 1 Online Christian Community for meeting Quality Christian Singles. 100 Free Service with no hidden charges. These Sex Facts Will Blow Your Mind (amp; They're Actually Pretty Useful Too) Aug 09, 2017 The Dead Sea Scrolls were discovered in eleven caves along the northwest shore of the Dead Sea between the years 1947 and 1956. The area is 13 miles east of Jerusalem. Come to the 1 adult dating site for local sex - AdultHookups. com. You can find real free gay dating sims online ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield in your own neighborhood. Animal dating service up and get laid tonight. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Meet local singles with HSV and a great desire to find someone worth ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield. If you're one of them and are ready to date, register at HSV Dating!, HSV Dating Is Security online dating Really Important. Index For This Page: I wish this page was unnecessary. Because of the distortions and lies spread sinopsis marriage dating eps 9 fundamentalists about scientific. Christopher Cline: Buy indian dating profiles Ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield, Billionaire Playboy, ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield Both. Chris Cline's name may be associated with Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren, but hook up aftermarket amp factory radio enduring legacy guatemala dating. The zodiac is an area of the sky that extends approximately 8176; north or south (as measured in celestial latitude) of the ecliptic, the apparent path of the Ginnifer goodwin dating colin egglesfield. Sep 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;We did not have enough people this year to trek to other glaciers. However we will return to GNP in September 2018 for more critical glacier research. June 7, 2013 Tom. 3M terrific 5 part on series on Mila. Of somewhat similar grounds, like a lot of us newly Red-Pill incarnets, I arrived by oneitis gown south. Dec 17, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Scientists use the information in rock layers to unlock the distant past in Earth's history. Using the Law of Superposition, we can tell how old rocks are. Your partners love your artistic interests and how you'll always be the first ones to introduce them to something. You've got kindness and compassion in spades, and. Weight Loss Hypnosis Portland Or - How To Lose Weight Fast For Men Over 50 Weight Loss Hypnosis Portland Or Easy Ways To Lose 50 Pounds Fast How To Lose Weight In … Preview: Pioneer Elite Dolby Atmos speakers SP-EFS73SP-EBS73-LRSP-EC73,include a concentric driver and true three way … Dating a younger man can be a fantastic experience: lots of fun, great sex and an easy partnership.
Muslims now form 30 percent of all inmates in the Russian penal system, a figure that is more than twice their share in the population of the Russian Federation (according to official estimates) and one that has been growing rapidly in recent years, according to new statistics featured on the Tolkovatel portal.
Indeed, Russian government figures suggest, the portal continues, that “by 2030, the number of Muslims in ‘zones’ may reach 50 percent of the total, including in that number the many prisoners who accept Islam” while incarcerated, an even greater disbalance
According to researchers at the federal penal agency, “the increase in the share of Muslim convicts potentially increases the possibility of conflicts among the incarcerated on a religious and ethnic basis.”
a S a a a S a as S DaS a as a as a as a a a a a E a S a a as a as a as a as a as a a S a a S a as a a as a a a a S a a S a D - nejede od.. do.., od.. do.. S - jede do zast. Šimonovice - Neoznačené spoje
Today more and more homeowners are directing their energy and creativity towards redecorating the bathroom. Be it the family bath, or the master ensuite, the primary focus is on increased luxury comfort and convenience. Many homeowners are looking for new ideas to make their existing bathrooms larger. Get the most from your space Redecorating a…
For most people the ideal closet is the size of a room with ample space to hang clothing, lots of shelves to tuck and stash away things — a place where you can walk around and assess all your personal belongings. In reality, most people’s closets fall well short of this ideal. And few of…
Just like you take a car for regular tune ups to ensure it continues to run smoothly, your home also needs some special attention. There’s a lot more to keeping up a house than cutting the grass and clearing snow from the driveway. Ensuring your home “looks” good and is in proper working order, not…
Spring is in the air and the busy gardening season is just around the corner. Not only can gardening be personally satisfying, but well-placed trees, shrubs, flowering plants and an attractive lawn can increase the value of your property. While the earlier you start, the better off you’ll be, don’t be too eager to get…
Whether it is aircraft overhead, traffic on the street, a neighbour practicing the saxophone, or your own kids at play, often our homes are not as quiet and peaceful as we would like them to be. That’s why taking some measures to soundproof your home has lots of pay-offs. Not only will you reduce noise…
One of the easiest, most cost-efficient ways of enhancing your home is with paint. With the advances made in paint over the past decade, there’s not much you can’t do with it indoors and outdoors. Gone are the days of the all-purpose can of paint. Today, there are paints available for specific materials and surfaces.…
In ancient times, windows were as common as doors in dwellings. But they were merely holes in a wall used to control the amount of light and air that entered a home. Appearance and style were not a consideration. We’ve come a long way since then. Today, windows in most homes combine science and technologies…
A heating system converts fuel into heat which then flows through a house. The efficiency of a heating system depends on the amount of fuel consumed to meet heating needs. Using less fuel means your system has increased its energy efficiency. Check your heating system first One way to maximize output using the least amount…
Zoo director Vladen Henríquez told CNN that Gustavito also had wounds on his cheek, which were presumably caused by an ice pick, as well as injuries on his feet that may have occurred when "the animal tried to defend himself". El Salvador recorded 5,278 homicides a year ago, an average of 14 people killed per day. Justice minister Mauricio Ramirez Landaverde said an investigation has been launched.
The weather service estimated wind speeds reached 110 miles per hour, but most of the damage occurred with 80 to 100 MPH winds, according to a preliminary report. Randy Gockley, director of Lancaster County Emergency Management Agency, said the brunt of the damage was reported in Clay, Elizabeth and West Cocalico townships.
The man was taken to a hospital where he died. The Texas Commissioned Security Officer on duty approached the suspect and words were exchanged. The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the restaurant wearing a ski mask.
Appointed by former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo as the Chairperson of the Philippine Commission on Human Right in 2008, she was elected senator in the 2016 Philippine general election.de Lima of the Liberal Party condemned President Duterte's drug war and called for an end to the vigilante killings of suspected drug dealers and addicts.
The group of Abu Rami allegedly has executed Kantner 30 minutes after the deadline lapsed at 3 p.m. Sunday. "But we need proof of body", he added. "Despite efforts exerted by groups and the security forces, I have received reports about the alleged beheading of a German kidnap victim in Sulu (on) Sunday afternoon", Mr Jesus Dureza, President Rodrigo Duterte's peace adviser and chief hostage negotiator, said in a statement he issued late on Sunday evening (Feb 26).
A BSF man of 200 Battalion committed suicide with his service gun at BSF Sonawali Gali Post in Sub Sector Mankote in the district. He was from Mohammadpur village in Siwan district of Bihar. Last year, while 86 soldiers committed suicide, the figure for airmen and sailors stood at 15 and 6. General Bipin Rawat had warned soldiers not to tell the social media to address complaints and instead advised soldiers to use the grievance redressal system under which complaints would reach him while ...
The Zags fell to 29-1. Nigel Williams-Goss scored 19 points for Gonzaga (29-1, 17-1 West Coast), which was seeking to become the first team since Kentucky in 2014-15 to finish the regular season without a loss. By squandering a 10-point second-half lead, Gonzaga instead leaves open the still remote possibility that it could slip off the No. 1 seed line in the NCAA tournament.
On Sunday I decided to try a new recipe. I'm a big fan of pasta so, I ended up doing Spaghetti with Cheese, Walnuts and Spinach for dinner. The recipe came from the blog As Minhas Receitas and can be found here. Despite belonging to the heading "A vegetarian dinner a week", I decided to join bacon and was wonderful =) Yum!
Why, man he doth bestride the narrow world like a “Cullahsus”; and we petty men walk under his huge legs and peep about to find ourselves dishonorable graves.
With his aptly named brand new genre-transcending album of Cullahsus, Cullah takes us back to his roots (Well, as "roots" as it gets for a 27-year-old who has already released 12 albums). His powerful voice, funky beats, and that Milwaukee melodic spirit that never left now accompanies every song. Budgeting his food solely from the small amount money he makes from Spotify since he has refused to fully commercialize his music; he declares his resolute spirit through “King Jebediah (The Falcon Messiah)”. The themes infused the album are a lack of control of circumstances to a larger benevolent beast. In Cullah’s case, King Jebediah seems to be the music itself that he creates and is provided by.
This is the first year that he has been able to concentrate his efforts solely on creating his music. Unhindered by other responsibilities, in “Hurrycane” and “Helios 3” he seems to be both overwhelmed and liberated in the storms and boundless space of creativity. Despite these new joys and pains, a bit of the previous “Cullahmity” album influences “Cullahsus”. A heartbroken Irish trill echoes in “The Grief of Ceridwen” illustrating the loneliness that comes with the freedom expressed in his other songs.
Hey guys just wanted to tell you that i get since yesterday or so random disconnects. I dont know why it happens but it only happens so far with werewolf trans map. every other map works fine. Anybody else got that problem?
I can confirm this is happening for multiple users, myself included. Once the game is ~30 minutes in, people start randomly disconnecting, either lagging out one at a time or a mass desync (sometimes a mix too). Haven't seen it happen in the early game yet.
A great way to catch your reader's attention is to tell a story. Everything you consider writing can be told as a story.
Great stories have personality. Consider telling a great story that provides personality. Writing a story with personality for potential clients will asist with making a relationship connection. This shows up in small quirks like word choices or phrases. Write from your point of view, not from someone else's experience.
Great stories are for everyone even when only written for just one person. If you try to write with a wide general audience in mind, your story will ring false and be bland. No one will be interested. Write for one person. If it’s genuine for the one, it’s genuine for the rest.
Write one or two paragraphs describing your product, services or a specific feature. To be successful your content needs to be useful to your readers.
Entuura Ventures Ltd. (Belize) is a boutique consulting and engineering company focused on health data transactions in the third world. The company provides technology, service and support involved in secure electronic health transactions and platforms in fragile settings, typically low and middle income countries and complex emergency settings .
In relation to this work, the company supports a variety of health information related multi-national projects and activities. In general, these involve working with/for international organisations and key donors in the global health domain.
We are a team of passionate people whose goal is to improve everyone's life through disruptive products and services.
AdriaHost has the best service in Serbia, and I say that sincerely. I received a gift just because I needed free hosting!
Sopranovsky blogs about music and music genres. Stevan works as a marketing manager at a tourist agency, besides being in a independent theather group Le Studio, he acts actively in 4 plays and he is preparing another one for the children. Art is his passion.
I am a happy client of AdriaHost! Awesome web hosting company, products/services with excellent cutomer support! I highly recommend them to anyone.
You want a cool and reliable hosting with great support? Search no more! These guys are awesome. Met them back in 2009 and recommending nothing but them ever since. Five star with no doubt.
Your sideboard that’s after made use of specifically from the dining area is already also being used throughout alternative suites on the house. Sideboards look great inside a living place or maybe the household room. A fashionable sideboard, when you develop the room, furthermore appears to be great inside the admittance way. You have to […]
Given that you understand you will not have a aged or unfashionable furniture piece in your own home, you could wonder what employs you’ll find for your sideboard. They do have a variety of uses, with regards to the style you select. If you choose a buffet table design, then you definitely could have an […]
Given that you understand you won’t have a outdated or unfashionable furniture piece in your own home, you may wonder what employs you can find for your sideboard. They do have many different uses, with regards to the design you select. If you go with a buffet table type, then you definitely can have a […]
The sideboard which had been after applied solely from the dining-room is now as well getting used with alternative bedrooms of your house. Sideboards look great throughout cash area and also the family room. Any fashionable sideboard, if you have the place, in addition seems superb from the gain access to way. You should also […]
Contemporary furniture has been recently popular for most years. Such type of furniture has be simple styles and possess most of the sophisticated attributes for instance antiqued or maybe classic type of furniture. It is a favorite design selection for those individuals hunting for a a lot more nominal kind of furniture. That is often […]
Our business was built behind the value in offering important services while employing a high level of customer service into each customer interaction. We are the local preference for your vehicle recovery and mobile mechanical needs...
In Rainhill it is very possible to find horny local women and men that are looking for great sex, you can even find group sex if you want that.
As well as her we also have lots of other females that are looking for causal sex in Rainhill so you can see them below. Most are so desperate for sex that they will do almost anything so anal, oral and group sex are often on offer.
So there are lots of women and men looking to meet up for casual sex in Rainhill with most being desperate for sex and willing to try almost anything. That’s the fun of adult dating, it’s all about having fun and not having to worry about anything else (always practice safe sex). We kissed, mopped up, and stayed for the rest of the film, but I was in a daze... a horny and cum-drained daze, and didn't notice a thing on the screen.
· The next thing you need to make sure is that the guy is legit. Women in general are heavily loaded with stalking skills. Use them to your advantage here and search him on other social media networks where his identity can be proven. People often use a different name on their dating profile and their original Facebook or Instagram profile and it is totally fine. However, what the guy says and what his social media says should be in sync. This is important from the security point of view. Nobody wants to get fucked and murdered in the same night. Unless it is your fetish, right? Once we reached the bed, he was wearing only his dark red boxers, and I was left wearing a matching bra and thong set that was white with blue polka dots. After climbing into bed, we embraced and began kissing deeply again; our hands roaming over each others bodies. He unclasped my bra while we kissed, and I shrugged it off and tossed it aside. He pushed down his boxers while I pulled off my thong, and we discarded those as well.
He opened the door and smiled at me, then moved aside to allow me to enter. I stepped into the room and slipped out of my silver, strappy sandals while he shut and locked the door behind me. Never having met before, I took in his appearance... I am an attractive guy, fit, toned, not a muscle head, not fat and not skinny. I don't have problems meeting women, but I have a very wacky schedule at work that makes it harder for me to go out (4 am to lunch time). So that is what brings will make me try internet dating.
Women's ultimate sexual fantasies almost always have to do with a combination of things. The most common ideas include domination, dogging on your boss's desk, fucking another woman or having threesomes, role playing, giving a blow job on a high rise window etc. Oral Sex - When having this fantasy, men involve many characters. It may be with his wife or girlfriend or having wild group sex with a bunch sexy girl all over. It not only involves fellatio but also the 69 position where both partners give each other desirable pleasure. · Your city of residence. Bigger the city, better the chance of a casual encounter. Dating for casual sex is a number game; higher the number, higher the probability.
She opened her bra's lace and slightly slide her hands into her underwear. She was moaning softly as she was rubbing down her panties.
The first thing women notice in men is how they look and research has made it stunningly clear why most women cheat. In fact, a good face is referred as an immediate panty-dropper' suggesting that it’s very easy to get laid when you have a good face. Also, a good body is more than enough to send a woman into a wave of fantasies that will only leave her dripping-wet. But when it comes to online adult dating everyone has their own preferences. I continued to ride and bounce on his dick as he grabbed hold of my smooth thighs once more and watched as I held onto my tits and began squeezing them hard as I groaned and fucked him. I was enjoying the hot feeling of fucking too much to look at him.
She started stroking me slowly but eagerly. At this point, my mouth was agape and all I could think of was her slender hand grasping me and the pleasure it was bringing me. Overjoyed by my response, she began stroking me faster and faster, becoming increasingly enthusiastic by my corresponding cries of bliss. My mind was blank, yet simultaneously filled with the pleasure she was bringing me and lust I had for her.
· If you are unfit, never upload shirtless pictures. Given an option, would a girl ever fuck a guy who is fat? Or let me put it in another way, (if you do not have a fat girl fetish) would you like to fuck a fat girl? High-sex drive? UH, HELL YAH!!
So if Rainhill is not the location in Merseyside that you are looking for then we also cover the other areas on our other pages.
"Here," she said while moving closer, "let me be your liberator." I continued to ride and bounce on his dick as he grabbed hold of my smooth thighs once more and watched as I held onto my tits and began squeezing them hard as I groaned and fucked him. I was enjoying the hot feeling of fucking too much to look at him.…
Channel Islands (Jersey and Guernsey), Ireland, Northern Ireland, Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, France, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Spain (Mainland), Portugal, Austria, Czech Republic, Switzerland
Finland, Hungary, Norway, Poland, San Marino, Slovenia, Slovakia, Estonia, Latvia, Sweden, Lithuania
Download eBook One of Us Is Lying by Karen M. McManus across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This One of Us Is Lying book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of One of Us Is Lying without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry One of Us Is Lying can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This One of Us Is Lying having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Stowarzyszenie KibicÃ³w i SympatykÃ³w Rybnickiego Å»uÅ¼la "ROW" Rybnik planuje zorganizowanie turnieju piÅ‚karskiego dla kibicÃ³w Å¼uÅ¼lowych. Turniej odbyÅ‚by siÄ™ 03.02.2007 roku w hali widowiskowo-sportowej MOSiR w Rybniku - Boguszowicach w godzinach 9-14. Przed ostatecznymi decyzjami organizacyjnymi chcielibyÅ›my wiedzieÄ‡ ile ekip byÅ‚oby zainteresowanych takim turniejem i mogÅ‚oby siÄ™ wybraÄ‡ do Rybnika. Po zakoÅ„czeniu turnieju planowane jest zorganizowanie spotkania towarzysko - integracyjnego na ktÃ³re byÄ‡ moÅ¼e uda siÄ™ zaprosiÄ‡ byÅ‚ych zawodnikÃ³w rybnickiego klubu. Zainteresowanych proszÄ™ o kontakt mailto:igla@algrim.pl. W poÅ‚owie grudnia podamy w zaleÅ¼noÅ›ci od iloÅ›ci zgÅ‚oszeÅ„ wszystkie szczegÃ³Å‚y organizacyjne.
Blog Archive May (1) April (19) March (4) February (11) January (1) December (2) November (3) October (11) September (16) August (9) July (8) June (7) May (6) April (10) March (13) February (11) January (17) December (8) November (13) October (21) September (17) August (9) July (8) June (39) May (36) April (39) March (49) February (52) January (52) December (54) November (47) October (46) September (41) August (58) July (49) June (66) May (49) April (46) March (51) February (24)
Have given me the inspiration for my requisite summer DIY project but the issue is I'm usually a color-by-numbers DIYer where I need help and plenty of it.
What I want to make is a table, with a sized down square of frosted plexi, that houses some Volume Unit meters to respond to music. While Arduinos and RGB LEDs would make for some gorgeous meters and possible fading etc I would have no idea how to go about this.
Has anyone seen any kind of large scale VU Meters created with guides that might not be too difficult to replicate?
Or if anyone can point me in any direction for learning a little more to judge this projects do-ability Id really appreciate!
ah silly me, what I'm really thinking about is an audio spectrum analyzer, which I guess i just a few VU meters wired to detect only certain frequencies.
Something like this but smaller, this is 16x16 but I think 8x8 would look nice too and be a simpler project obviously.
Thanks for post. It�s really informative stuff.I really like to read.Hope to learn a lot and have a nice experience here! my best regards guys!
Gabapentin is used to help control partial seizures (convulsions) in the treatment of epilepsy. This medicine cannot... more
The revelation that the VX nerve agent most likely caused Kim's death appears to be yet another indication that North Korea could have been behind the mysterious murder. Malaysian police have said two women ambushed Kim in the Kuala Lumpur airport and wiped something on his face. Its lethality has sparked strict controls under United Nations resolutions and the 1993 Chemical Weapons Convention , with the US, Russia and Syria previously known to be among the countries possessing it.
All about Orange Botswana Products services offers promotions news about the company social activities etc
Here for Africa Our belief in the future is as unwavering as yours Available Now Standard Chartered Mobile Banking App Introducing Our fresh new online
[I was] strip-searched five times a day.” He accused the ... three teenagers received a prison letter from the mobster when they reached out to him for a school project. PHOTOS: The Most Infamous Cold ... read more
The first incident at the minimum-security prison for men occurred just before 10 p.m. when ... Commission to allow cellphone signal blocking inside state prisons. Last week, Allbaugh traveled to Wash... read more
(AP) — The man who gunned down three people in a suburban Denver Walmart last year was sentenced Friday to life in prison without parole ... "If he (Ostrem) would have walked up to Carlos that day in ... read more
Bates served 1½ years in prison ... four times a day — even though he was officially supposed to be in his cell around the clock. The price for that temporary freedom from his cell, though, was having ... read more
Vaughn Correctional Center, Delaware's maximum-security prison, rioted Feb. 1 last year, killing prison guard Steven Floyd ... verdict in the closely watched case. "At the end of the day, don't allow ... read more
Insights on global events that impact America. We are the OPPOSITE of Donald Trump "The Global American® values are based on these principles: We are Promoting AMERICAN values globally !) RESPECT for ALL 2) EQUALITY for ALL 3) JUSTICE for ALL These are AMERICAN values to apply in our lives and actions globally. Michael's story is in: "Better Times Ahead: April Fool" www.BetterTimesAheadAprilFool.com It ends with Agenda for American Greatness--how we get back to No. 1 again.
For the first time in American history the leader of a foreign country just helped elect the president he preferred: Donald Trump.
HOW? By having his state hacking organization breach the Democratic National Committee computers and, via wikileaks, sent them out, drip-by-drip to undermine Hillary Clinton.
American intelligence officials have confirmed that it was the Russians who hacked the DNC computers. By contrast, not one Republican national committee email was released. Between Putin and Mr. Comey’s actions 11 days before the election, it threw the election to Trump. We just had the world’s first “cyber-coup.”
The irony? Hillary Clinton won the popular vote (over 2 million more votes than Trump so far as they continue counting ballots.)
So, the bottom line is that Mr. Trump is Mr. Putin’s president. Trump was the only candidate to praise Putin, who has invaded the Ukraine and bombed civilians in Syria while destroying the free press and independent reporting in Russia. Mr. Putin has a history of murdering reporters and his opponents. He has sent fighters to breach the air space of our European allies. Like his role model, Mr. Trump has already talked about making it easier for him to sue the press and often made the press a target during his rallies.
The press has been toothless and allowed Mr. Trump a pass on his failure to file tax returns and his racism. They painted the picture of “lesser of evils” when the choice was starkly clear which candidate was prepared to be president. Hillary would preserve our alliances; Mr. Trump promised to destroy them and pull out of NATO. He would give Mr. Putin a pass on their un-democratic actions.
Already, Mr. Trump’s campaign has been reaching out to the leaders of Europe’s radical right, like France’s Marie Le Pen. This is a dream of Putin: to destabilize Europe and its democracies that operate by the rule of law. Mr. Trump’s inner circle includes America’s alt right aka “radical right” in the form of Mr. Steve Bannon, who was a part of Breitbart “news” that hated on Obama and even moderate Republicans.
So it begins. The Chinese have a saying “May you live in interesting times.” It’s a curse. I see “interesting” times ahead. Indeed, Dark Days ahead. A leopard doesn’t change its spots. Trump is as ignorant and racist as he was before the election. His economic proposals would explode our debt over $30 TRILLION dollars. His trade protectionism, if carried out, will create a Global Depression far greater than the 2008 Great Recession that ended the Bush administration.
It’s a matter of time. With Putin’s man in the White House, no American should rest easy, even those who voted for him. I predicted 911. I predict Trump will screw even the white working class who voted for him. He ran for office while being sued for FRAUD on the working class who believed in Trump U. The trial was to begin November 28. Now we’ll see our court independence threatened by our Putin President-Elect.
I am Michael Fjetland ( pronounced "Fetland"). I am an American born and Fortune 500- trained international attorney/ entrepreneur. I was raised on an Iowa farm and lived in Texas but traveled worldwide. After a 80's lay off, I became an international entrepreneur. I have negotiated deals in over 55 countries worldwide for big/small clients, including a child kidnapping case in the Middle East, fraud in Europe, etc. I became a Houston TV Mideast Expert during the 1990-91 Gulf War. In 1994, I produced a TV program on the prospect of a terrorist attack on the U.S (its on YouTube -Search "Michael Fjetland"). On/after 9/11, I was a TV Terrorism expert and provided security technology to companies, individuals. That led to founding Armor Glass International, selling security window films for saving energy and protecting people from hurricanes, burglars, tornadoes, explosions, etc. Check out our Website at: http://www.ArmorGlass.com Subscribe to this Blog --its purpose is to keep you informed and make people think. Michael's unique upside down world story about reinvention after disaster is in a NEW eBook: "Better Times Ahead: April Fool?" www.BetterTimesAheadAprilFool.com
Global Conservation is working to secure the permanent protection for Mirador National Park in Peten, Guatemala – the Heart of the Maya Biosphere. The Maya Biosphere has lost over 80% of its intact tropical forests and wildlife habitats in the past 20 years.
Mirador National Park will protect the Heart of the Maya Biosphere, a UNESCO World Heritage site, which is losing an average of 100,000 acres a year to land clearing for slash and burn agriculture and cattle ranching. Mirador National Park is the last major intact primary forest remaining in Central America endowed with over 40 major ancient Maya cities, immense temples and pyramids, and hundreds of miles of interconnected Mayan causeways, all in an area larger than Yellowstone.
We focused our Park and Wildlife Protection funding from January 2017 – June 2018 on establishing the first Mirador Park Authority, the first Mirador Ranger Teams, Community Ecoguards, and trained the Mirador Guide Association in partnership with the local communities. The Mirador National Park protection program is led by Mr. Francisco Asturius, Director of FundaEco, our NGO partner in Guatemala.
In the past 18 months, we have funded $360,000 for protecting Mirador National Park intact tropical forests and wildlife with a dedicated team of Guatemalan rangers, including equipment, transportation and training, as well as securing 66,000 acres of new protected area – Selva Maya – formerly a logging concession.
Due to the extensive threats to Mirador from all sides due to narco­trafficking, illegal logging, wildlife poaching, and land clearing for cattle ranching, establishing and supporting the Mirador Rangers has never been more critical. Without the Mirador Rangers, we will be losing our last forests and wildlife of Mirador National Park.
Mirador National Park is one of the world’s wonders with over a million acres of Guatemalan tropical forests still intact containing the largest and oldest Mayan cities, pyramids and temples. Mirador is Guatemala’s leading candidate for UNESCO World Heritage designation representing the Cradle of Maya Civilization.
Without protection by the government of Guatemala, 80% of the surrounding Maya Biosphere has been destroyed in the past 20 years. Threats to Mirador include massive land clearing for cattle ranching funded by narco­trafficking, wildlife poaching, illegal logging and the looting of archeological sites which are the economic engines for future communities and the country.
Nearby Tikal National Park generates over 38,000 jobs and $840 million in tourism income every year. Mirador contains 12 ancient Maya cities larger than Tikal. Working with our partners FundaEco, CECON and Rainforest Trust, Global Conservation has established the first Mirador Park Authority and four teams of Mirador Park Rangers. Mirador Rangers work with and local communities to achieve “No Cut No Kill” protection of these endangered spaces and wildlife.
Global Conservation has deployed Global Park Defense including SMART Rangers, Cellular Trailcam Surveillance, Satellite Forest Monitoring, Park­wide Communications, and Community Ecoguards who patrol with Mirador Rangers and the local police. Over time, former wildlife poachers, looters and hunters are being trained and selected from Community Ecoguards to become full­time rangers. Based on Mirador’s natural and cultural treasures, with thousands of visitors, communities are shifting from extraction industries to sustainable ecotourism, improving their living conditions without resorting to illegal activities.
Fires from 2002­2014, which are now surrounding and encroaching into Mirador National Park. Below: Burning on April 15th 2017 (one day closed schools in Houston to New Orleans).
We now entering our second year of a 5­year park transformation program to deploy Global Park Defense to achieve “No Kill, No Cut” Protection to stop wildlife poaching, looting of archaeological sites, illegal logging and land clearing. Progress in 2017 and 2018 towards permanent Mirador National Park protection includes:
1. Established Mirador’s first Park Authority and Ranger Teams. Activated close cooperation with Police and Guatemalan Army.
5. Mirador Wildlife Population Baseline – deployed 60 camera traps to estimate jaguar and prey populations 6. Creation of new Year­Around Mirador Trail network including survey, mapping, signage design and bridge building.
7. Completed two major 50,000­gallon water cisterns critical for rangers, tourists (now over 4,000 visitors) and Mirador archaeological teams (over 300 people).
8. Training of sixty (60) certified Mirador Guides on cultural, natural and geological history of Mirador, as well as hygiene, foreign languages.
A number of the Community Ecoguards will able to transition into the full­time Mirador Park Rangers when the Mirador Park Authority is established in 2019­2020. Community Ecoguards play a critical role assisting park rangers and community tourism cooperatives monitoring trails and roads using SMART ranger patrols and surveillance systems.
Community Ecoguards conduct patrols into high­ threat areas based on satellite, UAV drone, sensor and human intelligence. SMART Patrol tech and training will be implemented to enable detailed reporting and tracking of illegal activities and patrol effectiveness. The Community Ecoguards are selected from the local communities from the gateway communities of Mirador – Carmelita and San Andres.
The long­term goal over the next decade is to enable increased tourism revenues and community benefits of tourism revenues including improved schools, medical facilities, water treatment and other development essentials.
In the coming years, we are working with the Government of Guatemala to begin a Mirador National Park User Permit, which will bring in sustainable revenues from park visitors to support the salaries and operations of the Mirador Park Authority and Rangers. Pricing for international visitors is likely to be $50­100 per week generating $100,000 to $200,000 in Permit Use fees assuming 2,000 visitors. As well, Mirador 8 Guides are charging $600­$800 per week for guiding into the Mirador National Park with mules, camp, cooks and equipment for visitor security.
Special Thanks to Francisco Asturius who leads the Mirador Rangers and Community Ecoguard Program, The Mirador Rangers and Ecoguards teams; Dr. Richard Hansen and FARES for critical logistics, 3D Lidar Scaning, water systems, wilderness park camps and strategic support; FundaEco ­ one of the best Environmental NGOs in Guatemala; the U.S. Department of Interior – International Division, CECON, University of San Carlos, Community Tourism Cooperatives, INGUAT, and many others.
Mirador Rangers expanded patrol areas by three times now covering 40 ancient Maya cities and over 300,000 hectares in and around Mirador National Park.
Results of 3D LiDAR surveys are providing deep insight into the structure of Maya civilization and its architecture and city planning.
Mirador Rangers on patrol. ATVs in running order are critical to patrolling thousands of kilomters in deep forests. The maintenance budget is relatively high in these conditions.
facon king sex tribal CCMA AWARD’S MALE ARTIST OF THE YEAR TAKES THE RYMAN STAGE FOR 4 SHOWS THIS MONTH One year after making his debut at Grand Ole Opry, Brett Kissel has been invited to return to Nashville’s legendary stage for four performances – two on Saturday, Nov. 12, and two on Saturday, Nov. 19 – this time at […]
go site Canada born country singer Dean Brody recently released his album Beautiful Freakshow in late October and has had great success. His album was the #1 selling Country album of the week in Canada, and is now available on iTunes, Spotify, and Dean Brody’s website where you can buy signed copies of the album while supplies last. Dean […]
cum swaper 2 Garth Brooks Named Entertainer of the Year Chris Stapleton and Dann Huff are the Night’s Top Winners with Two Trophies Each NASHVILLE – It was a celebration five decades in the making when winners were announced tonight during “The 50th Annual CMA Awards” live from Nashville. The night’s big winner was Garth Brooks who now […]
The authentic country band The Great Western Tears have just released their debut album “Tales from Tallows.” Acoustic duo Dava Waterhouse and Garry Richardson make up the bones of this band, and take influences from their country and folk roots. While they enjoy their acoustic setup, Kurt Hamilton plays pedal steel and Fern Thornton does vocals to add depth to […]
In 2014, Hicks became the first Swedish country artist to hit the Music Row Top 80 published chart with his debut US release, “Hayride.” Hicks also became the first Swede to place his first 3 single releases in the New Music Weekly Top 15…
Derek Ryan has just announced that he will be releasing two singles on Friday, October 7. They are called “This Is Me” and “City of Chicago,” which are singles from the albums “This Is Me” and “Happy Man” respectively. He has taken it another step further and will even be releasing both of these albums […]
My Darling Clementine has finished recording their new album “Still Testifying” and is extremely excited about how it has turned out. Now that they are done recording they are doing the finishing touches, making videos, and designing sleeves to prepare for the release. If you want to be a part of the project and help out the […]
fuse box is making noise private sharing about wiring diagram u2022 rh gracedieupriory co uk car fuse box noise my car fuse box is buzzing
Just about every preteen boy has hammed it up in front of the camera flexing his wannabe muscles. Here's mine.
LAWLESS is a movie based on facts of the moonshine business in Franklin, Virginia, during prohibition.
The story was written by Matt Bondurat, grandson of one of the Bondurant brothers in the moonshine business. It is sort of funny, Matt, I'm sure, got most his information from his great uncles and grandfather. It is apparent they painted the head Revenuer as Satan, plalyed by Guy Pearce. He looked evil and reeked evil. I was expecting him to spin his headand upchuck green vomit he was so evil. He did not have one likable qualilty, even Will Rogers would have disliked him if they had met.
And of coursr the moonshiners were just family with good hearts who were just trying to make a honest living. Seriously, there was no work to be had in that area and tilme. Moonshining was about the only kind of work available. It was either that or starvation.
The people who made the props such as old country houses and barns should get credit for their craftsmanship.
FASEB’s professional development and career resources are designed to facilitate employment connections in the life sciences community. These resources embody new concepts, technologies, and services aimed at giving you access and mobility within your desired career field. Our main focus is to help develop your career in the life sciences, so whether an undergraduate, postgraduate, postdoctoral, seasoned scientist, or an employer seeking to hire top-notch scientists and professionals, the resources and tools found here are designed to help.
Career Centers are an onsite meeting-related career service that provides job-seekers and employers with an informal environment to meet, exchange electronic messages, and schedule/conduct interviews. Job-seekers and employers also have the opportunity to post resumes or recent job opportunities.
FASEB member societies offer a wealth of professional development opportunities to their trainee members. From travel awards, to networking at annual meetings, to leadership experience on committees, learn about the many benefits your society provides via this interactive spreadsheet.
Reference this online resource to post and view job-seeker profiles and employment opportunities within the life sciences professions.
The decision to exhibit Peruvian art was one made by Mr. Jorge Dominguez since he was born and raised in Peru and now was a successful business owner in Puerto Rico. This paper briefly discusses the process by which one decides first on whether to proceed with an exhibition and the requirements associated with putting on an exhibition in another country.
The concept of organizing an exhibition in Puerto Rico was quite intriguing for a number of reasons. Foremost was my never having visited the region but having heard positive things about it. Aside from my desire to visit the region it was then necessary to determine the probability of a successful exhibition not the least of which would be financial success which would have to be at a minimum neutral to positive. Since I represent Latin American artists and Puerto Rico certainly qualifies as Latin it would provide an opportunity to explore artists operating in the region for whom I could hopefully represent outside of the region. It could also represent a market for a wider range of Latin American artists which would also be desirable and could only be determined with a first foray into the region. Much of this type of activity is determined by networking. Initially I collected the opinion of people I trusted who were from the region and were knowledgeable of the preferences with regard to art. A close personal Ms. Elizabeth Figueroa was born and raised in Puerto Rico and now calls Ottawa home. She is well connected in the region and travels back and forth between Ottawa and Puerto Rico. It was her opinion that some of the Peruvian artists would be well received in the region and that the area had sufficient personal individual wealth to justify a conservative approach. Mr. Jorge Dominguez was also very supportive of the idea and volunteered the space in his restaurant/gallery for the event. This is no doubt offset by his marketing of his restaurant at the same time the exhibition takes place. The next steps which occurred over a significant period of time was to determine what the market might be, what artists would be perceived favourably out of the Peruvian artists I represent and the costs and logistics of the exhibition. Some of these activities were iterative.
Puerto Rico is a colony of the United states. The islands that make up Puerto Rico were claimed by the Spanish Crown in 1493 following Christopher Columbus’ second voyage to the Americas. In 1898, after 400 years of Spanish colonial rule, Puerto Rico was ceded to the US as a result of the Spanish-American War. Puerto Ricans were granted US citizenship in 1917. Popularly-elected governors have served since 1948. In 1952, a constitution was enacted providing for internal self government. It is also a bilingual colony with both Spanish and English being the official languages. The population is a little over 3.5 million people with a literacy rate of 94.1 percent. Puerto Rico has one of the most dynamic economies in the Caribbean region, however, growth has been negative for the past four years, and unemployment rose to nearly 16% in 2011. Tourism has traditionally been an important source of income with estimated arrivals of more than 3.6 million tourists in 2008. A large number of individuals retire to the region because of the stable tropical climate and amenities similar to the rest of the continental North America. GDP per capita is about $20,000 US.
I did not find a breakdown of wealth by any segment of the population but it appears to be a prosperous society with laws similar to the United States of America but very Latin due to its long Spanish heritage. This data confirmed the anecdotal information that I had been provided. Paintings that had been purchased by people of Latin American heritage in Canada from the artists I represented all sought dramatic colour and style thus supporting the anecdotal statements that the works of Peruvain artists would be appreciated. Most of the above data was obtained from the US Central Intelligence Agency Factbook and other internet sources at the inception of the proposed exhibition.
Tentative dates were established and other information was collected all of a practical nature specific to the exhibit such as gallery space, framing capability, existing lighting, import and export issues, accomodation, travel and a host of other smaller issues. Last was the selection of Peruvian artists for the exhibition out of the fourteen that I represent.
Anecdotal communication indicated a desire for colour and vibrancy in the works to be taken. The motif to be selected was contemporary impressionism. It was my belief that if the works spoke too greatly of Peru the potential clients would not be able to relate yet the works still had to speak of Peru. I wished to cover a spectrum of price ranges yet not overwhelm the exhibition with a large number of artists. I decided to exhibit three prominent Peruvian artists that would cover a price and size range as well as varying technics and palates. First I selected Pedro Caballero whose works admittedly speak strongly of Peru taking the risk that while the costs for his works might exceed the market expectation and the Peruvian specificity might not be appreciated his works nontheless strongly represented Peru. Joselito Sabogal another very prominent Peruvian artist was selected since his works were known to be favoured by some purchasers of Puerto Rican origins in Canada who were drawn to his works. His works still spoke of Peru but in a manner not as intense as Caballero. Lastly I selected Borka Sattler whose works do not speak strictly of Peruvian origins as does the artist who is well known and regarded in Peru. Following are brief profiles of the artists selected with examples of their works.
Pedro was born in Cajabamba, Peru in 1954, studied at the School of fine Arts in Lima and often travels to Europe to pursue personal studies at Museums in Paris and Madrid.
Pedros work is rooted in pre-columbian iconography. His work has been described as an inceasing struggle between the figurative and the abstract bound together with an obsessive study of pre-Columbian textiles particularly those of the Paracus and Chancay cultures. Each of his compositions is framed within one or more rectangles using planes that overlap in messgaes about timelessness, history, and perceived reality. In his second step he addds symbolic elements like papers, pre-columbiam dolls, feathers, blankets, rope and other artifacts as personal symbolic elements bringing extremes together. In his words it is “my way of extending my culture”. His work is composed of vibrant earth colours with incredible attention to detail of the symbolic items in his works with Peruvian imagery imbedded in the works that with only close and repeated scrutiny comes to the attention of the observer.
Born in Cajamarca and raised in Trujillo, Sabogal studied at Macedonio de la Torre School of Art in Trujillo and later in France at Lemons School of Art. He then studied in Helsinki, Finland.
Sabogals paintings are elegant, sensual, and extracted from his mental universes and of his states of conscience. His work introduces great complexity pulling together several concepts that clearly arise from the world of dreams. There is an element that is not free of irony in his work. Sabogal uses symbols to create a world of allegorical appearances, using human figures who have an elaborated character, extrapolating its contents, its souls. He transmutes forms, adopting animals as if they were human personages, and feminine figures as if they were symbols. Sabogal cultivates the discipline of drawing, and presents to us his facility in using the color by zones, here and there, nourishing shades, expressing details and in so doing creates magical world. His work results in unreal worlds, formed by beings who are half men half animals, with landscapes that do not exist more than in their essential forms, trees that are geometries, skies that are walls, forms in the space that have replaced the clouds. One is left with the sensation of floating, or of weightlessness as he harnesses these surreal aspects.
Sattler, born in Lima Peru, and studied at the Catholic University of Peru in Lima where she obtained her Bachelors of Fine Arts degree. She later studied under the artist Leonor Vinatea in Lima Peru.
Sattler work can best be described as abstract expressionism. Borkas’ expressionism is based on forms and images of both her recent past and those of the culture of Peru which incorporates many Peruvian cultures as well as those of the European migrants who conquered Peru. She draws on a tremendous energy to create the images that have come to be appreciated in Peru and elsewhere in the world. Her figures are passionate and of a large and plastique linear articulation. Her palette is sometimes rough and shiny and at other times with earth tones. Some of her works also exhibit a very fine touch. This often results in works of great force, strength and splendor.
Marketing information had been established and transferred to Puerto Rico prior to departure and after the works had been selected. Information was disseminated to the anticipated market starting two weeks before the exhibition. Four pictures from Borka Sattler, five pictures from Pedro Caballero Pérez and seven of Joselito Sabogal’s works were shipped to Puerto Rico. Upon arrival a prior identified framer was engaged to prepare the paintings for display. The paintings were then arranged and displayed on easels the day before the opening of the exhibition.
The exhibition ran for three days and on the first day in excess of one hundred people circulated through the gallery. This number was almost in excess of what could comfortably be handled in the space. There was a great deal of praise for the works of Caballero and particularly Sabogal. One of Caballero paintings sold that evening and three of Sabogal’s sold as well. A couple of the works were placed on reserve and left on consignment with a local gallery. The trip was marginally financially successful. Following are two photos of the opening night.
abstract	acrylic	argentina	art	artist	artists	canada	contemporary art	drawing	exhibition	exhibition organizer	latinamerica	latin america	latin america art	latin american	Lilia Faulkner	Lima	mixed media	oil	oil on canvas	Ottawa	painting	peru	peruvian artist	south america	Spanish	terra art	texture	toronto	visual artist
Join our email list and you'll be the first to know about upcoming exhibitions and events! CLICK HERE to receive our programming announcements!
Disclaimer: This website and its content, is intended for general information only. Information on this site is the personal opinions of the authors only, and has NOT been reviewed or vetted by a doctor or other medical professional or nutritionist or fitness instructor, etc. Please be sure to consult with your doctor before changing your exercise regimen or diet, if you need health or medical advice, or if you seek prevention, diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition, illness or disease, or advice on any such matter.
Note: Our company does NOT provide travel, vacation, hotel, car rental services or associated products or services. Any links (including but not limited to banners, text links, or search forms) to such items on this web site are adverts from third parties. Sorry we can NOT answer questions about these types of products or services.
Our company is NOT associated with any specific golf resorts, golf courses, destinations, attractions or places of interest that may be described on this website. In such cases, we have often provided links to the official sites where possible, or other third party sites containing useful information, purely as a courtesy and for informational purposes only.
All information about golf courses and resorts, attractions, places of interest, travel destinations, travel services, etc., was believed to be correct at the time it was prepared, but may change at any time. Readers are advised to check with the golf course/resort operator, their travel agent, travel provider, or the attraction operator, for current information.
Disclosure: Our company's websites' content (including this website's content) includes advertisements for our own company's websites, products, and services, and for other organization's websites, products, and services. In the case of links to other organization's websites, our company may receive a payment, (1) if you purchase products or services, or (2) if you sign-up for third party offers, after following links from this website. Unless specifically otherwise stated, information about other organization's products and services, is based on information provided by that organization, the product/service vendor, and/or publicly available information - and should not be taken to mean that we have used the product/service in question. Additionally, our company's websites contain some adverts which we are paid to display, but whose content is not selected by us, such as Google AdSense ads. For more detailed information, please see Advertising/Endorsements Disclosures
Our sites use cookies, some of which may already be set on your computer. Use of our site constitutes consent for this. For details, please see Privacy.
Click privacy for information about our company's privacy, data collection and data retention policies, and your rights.
Answers 2000 Limited is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Answers 2000 Limited is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk.
As an Amazon Associate, our company earns from qualifying purchases. Amazon, the Amazon logo, Endless, and the Endless logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Some graphics on our web sites are Copyright (C) 1997-2000 Hemera Technologies Inc., and used under license. All such pictures are provided for viewing purposes only and are not to be saved or downloaded. All such pictures of recognizable individuals are models and used for illustrative purposes only, and not meant to imply any association or endorsement of said individual with any product or service.
This site is NOT operated by, associated with or endorsed by any of the golf vacation resorts, courses or destinations that we describe.
Arcade style 24mm (body diameter) momentary push button. Fitted with removable switch give a responsive tactile feedback when pressed. The switch provides a normally open contact across two spade terminals. Body of push button includes two integrated clips for firmly securing it to the control panel without the need for screws. Available in a range of vibrant colours.
This is the place to ask if you have any issues with our forum system. These include questions about your account, PM's, login trouble, etc.
This forum is for discussion of the AmigaOS 4.x localization. This includes translation errors as well as proposals for improved translations, and other topics related to localization.
In total there are 38 users online :: 1 registered, 0 hidden and 37 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
He would also be prevented from running because he's not a French citizen. His French fans have even adopted his USA presidential campaign slogan - "Oui on peut", or "Yes we can". Although the organizer admits that the campaign is a joke meant to protest frontrunner Marine Le Pen and her opponents, he says that people have made suggestions about how Obama can be naturalized by the president of the French Assembly so that he could actually run, CNN reported .
The couple lodged a complaint with the police, following which the accused were arrested. They allegedly video-taped the couple, asking the woman obscene and humiliating questions and later circulated the video on social media. The police said that the man's friends have claimed he stayed aloof and upset following the incident, NDTV reported. Police said that Aneesh had been depressed after the incident and had not gone to work since.
Rayna's death in episode 9 shocked many viewers, even those familiar with the rumors that Britton would be leaving. "[ Nashville creator] Callie Khouri , who gave her life", Britton continues. "There was no music, and no Rayna, without you". Then she goes into surgery and the procedure goes well. T Bone, Buddy, Tim, Frankie and all the brilliant songwriters who gave Rayna a voice.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) at John F. Kennedy Airport was contacted by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) yesterday, February 22, 2017, to assist in locating an individual possibly aboard Delta flight 1583 from San Francisco International Airport to JFK.
Roger Readwin of the Royal Navy. Wightlink suspended the Fastcat passenger service and the Fishbourne / Portsmouth vehicle ferry early this morning citing security reasons. Lieutenant Mike St Pierre, who led the bomb disposal team said: "As always the Royal Navy stands ready to respond to these call-outs and keep people safe".
After Jonathan Harker attacks Dracula at his castle (apparently somewhere in Germany), the vampire travels to a nearby city, where he preys on the family of Harker's fiancée. The only one who may be able to protect them is Dr. van Helsing, Harker's friend and fellow-student of vampires, who is determined to destroy Dracula, whatever the cost.
HP Care Pack Central allows you to quickly and easily identify Care Pack Services for your HP products
J.R. Fox was working in one of his two jewelry stores on a Sunday afternoon when a customer telephoned to inquire about a bracelet for his “best gal.”
The next day, Fox sold an $11,000 sapphire and diamond bracelet to Elvis Presley. The “best gal,” TATTLER has since reported, was none other than his ex-wife Priscilla.
Presley, who was scheduled to appear in a concert at the University of Notre Dame, had checked into the Royal Inn at South Bend that morning.
“HE TRIED TO CALL me that morning,” the 42-year-old jeweler told TATTLER. “When no one answered at the store, he called the police. John Walsh, my good friend, is a captain in the detective bureau. He was in the office catching up on some work and he gave Presley my home telephone number.”
Peggy Fox, an 18-year-old student, answered the telephone. Not realizing the caller’s identity, she told him where her father could be reached.
“When the phone rang, I thought it was a member of the family because no one else knew I was at the store,” recalled Fox.
I hope you don’t mind my calling you on Sunday, but I would like to purchase a bracelet from you,” the caller told Fox. “It’s for my best gal.”
“I HAD NOTHING like that in stock,” Fox told TATTLER. “The first thing Monday, I got on the phone to my suppliers in Chicago and located four bracelets I thought might fit his needs.”
Fox also called Ron Harders, a Chicago freelance salesman, to pick up the bracelets and deliver them to South Bend.
By 10:15 that morning, Harders was on his way to South Bend, oblivious to the value of the merchandise he was carrying, as usual.
One bracelet, a diamond, ruby and sapphire combination, was priced $16,000. A second offering, diamonds set in platinum, was to go for $18,000. The most expensive was $21,000 and consisted of diamonds and emeralds mounted in platinum.
THE $11,000 BRACELET, which Presley selected was seven squares linked with platinum. In the center of each square was a blue oval sapphire surrounded by diamonds. The diamonds weighed a total of 12 carats.
“I called Presley’s room to tell him the bracelets were on their way,” Fox continued. “A man named ‘Joe’ answered and told me that he would select the bracelet, subject to Presley’s final approval.”
“We entered the restaurant and paused,” Fox recalled. “ ‘Joe’ glanced at four men at a table to our right and they nodded. Then he glanced at a table of men to our left. They nodded. Then he looked to the rear of the room. Again there were nods. Only then did we open the cases of jewelry.
Fox began his spiel on the merits of each piece, but ‘Joe’ stopped him short. “I have purchased more than one million dollars worth of jewelry for Elvis,” the man told him. “I am an expert and this is obviously good merchandise.”
AFTER DELIBERATING no more than 10 to 15 minutes, he made his decision. “It was not a matter of price,” it seemed to Fox. “He simply liked that one the best.”
The bracelet was turned over to Capt. Walsh to give to Presley. As they left the restaurant, Fox remarked that $11,000 was a lot to spend on a gift, even for a “best gal.”
On Tuesday, check number 599 for $11,000 arrived at Fox’s jewelry store. It was drawn on the National Back of Commerce, Memphis, Tenn.
“I NEVER BOTHERED to ask the name of Presley’s girlfriend,” mused Fox. “For that matter, I didn’t ask what Joe’s last name was, either.
“There is one problem with this whole thing. My wife and I didn’t tell Peggy that she talked to Elvis Presley on the telephone. We figured it would shake her up too much.
Runeme – Sepp Blatter said Friday that more moves are needed to export football away from Europe, as he gears up for a battle over Europe’s World Cup places and his own reelection, more football news on Runeme.com.
“The world is no longer Eurocentric. In my 40 years at FIFA I have regarded it as my most important task to lead football out of Europe into the whole world,” Blatter said.
“We have succeeded but the process is not yet at an end,” he added in a column in the FIFA magazine The Weekly.
He made no specific proposals. But throughout his time as FIFA president, Blatter has encouraged Africa and other continents to press for more World Cup places.
The latest comments come however after the 79-year-old Blatter had an awkward time at the UEFA Congress on Tuesday, having to watch his three rivals for the FIFA presidency in May attack his record. UEFA president Michel Platini also made new calls for change at the world body.
On top, UEFA made clear that it will be pressing for an extra place at the 2018 World Cup when FIFA’s executive decides the allocation, the day after the FIFA presidential vote on May 29.
Platini told a small group of reporters after the congress that the number of European places at the 2018 World Cup is “quite rightly” a prime concern for national federations.
“You know that Blatter will organise an executive committee the day after the Congress … and he put on the agenda ‘slots of the World Cup’ He is playing with that.”
Europe believes it deserves at least one extra slot as it has 19 of the top 31 teams in the FIFA rankings.
At the 1998 World Cup, there were 15 European teams but in Brazil last year the number had dropped to 13. If the same system is kept for Russia 2018, Europe would have 14 representatives, 13 through qualifiers and Russia as hosts.
Blatter, who is favourite to win a fifth term, acknowledged the weight of UEFA’s 54 national associations in FIFA’s membership, adding that “their sporting and political significance is important.”
“However we must not forget that football’s global success is based on the vast reserves of talent and economic resources drawn from Africa, Asia, North and South America and Oceania.”
.....Gosh darn it, dad gummit, I now have to go through a registration process to read Bob Herbert and Paul Krugman.
But I'll do anything so those uplifting individuals can make me feel good about myself and my country.
June 2004 July 2004 August 2004 September 2004 October 2004 November 2004 December 2004 January 2005 February 2005 March 2005 April 2005 May 2005 June 2005 July 2005 August 2005 September 2005 October 2005 November 2005 December 2005 January 2006 February 2006 March 2006 April 2006 May 2006 June 2006 July 2006
It is a leading Gujarati newspaper in the Indian states of Gujarat and Maharashtra with the average daily readership of 4.6 million as per Indian Readership Survey 2014.It has headquarter in Ahmedabad. It has one branch in Surat as well and distributes editions from Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat, Rajkot, Bhavnagar, Mumbai, Mehsana, Bhuj and New York City. The paper was founded in 1932, and acquired by Shantilal Shah (1920-c.1984) in 1952.
The site provides various referral links to merchant running an affiliate program, so it is recommended to the users to take an effort in inquiring about it before coming to any concluison or claiming against anything. Since this site is based on the information collected from various sources, the site would not responsible for showcasing any invalid data.
an online link to all Indian language without customizing the fonts like Tamil, Urdu, Telugu, Malayalam, Punjabi, Marathi, Bengali, Kannada,Gujarati, Konkani, Oriya, Assamese etc. Gujarat Samachar in Gujarati, Gujarat Samachar in Hindi & Gujarat Samachar in English are one of the most read out versions being an instant hit apart from its own Gujarati.
This is published in the state of Gujarat, Gujarat Samachar epaper has slowly started gaining recognition truly being the stalwart in Gujarati news.Gujarat Samachar online news can be accessed through this epaper which in hard copy being published from Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat, Rajkot, Kutch, Kheda-Anand, North Gujarat and Bhavnagar. It has also got publications from Mumbai and New York (USA).
Gujarat Samachar is the Leading daily newspaper in Gujarat. It is published in Gujarati and its main office is in Ahmedabad. It has one branch in Surat as well. Gujarat Samachar has editions from Ahmedabad, Vadodara (Baroda), Surat, Rajkot, Bhavnagar, Mumbai and New York. It is the largest read Gujarati daily in India.
DUBAI: His Highness Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, UAE Vice President and Prime Minister and Ruler of Dubai, ordered to rename Al Thoraya Street in Dubai after Dr Abdullah Omran Taryam.
The move was to recognise the deceased’s great contributions and pioneering role in the march of the Union through various national positions and campaigns.
The decision was also to appreciate Dr Abdullah’s outstanding and prominent role in leading the movement of thought and enlightenment in the Emirati society and his participation in the consolidation of the Gulf media, especially through Dar Al Khaleej, which he co-founded with his brother.
Dr Abdullah Omran Taryam Street passes through Dubai Technology and Media Free Zone and covers a six-kilometre stretch and has two lanes. It starts from Umm Suqeim Road, near the Dubai Police Academy along Al Sufouh Road and extends within the Dubai Media City, crossing Sheikh Zayed Road towards the Greens area and ends at Al Khail first Street, at the entrance to the Jebel Ali horse racecourse.
Mattar Al Tayer, Chairman and Executive Director of Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) said the RTA would implement the directive immediately and would replace the signs in the coming days.
Dr Abdullah Omram Taryam changed the course of the lives of many people, who developed a lot of respect for him. For many of his staff he was a source of inspiration, wor..
ABU DHABI: The board of directors of the Emirates Writers Union has decided to name the main hall of its new branch in Abu Dhabi after the late Dr Abdullah Omran Taryam. ..
SHARJAH: His Highness Dr Sheikh Sultan Bin Mohammed Al Qasimi, Supreme Council Member and Ruler of Sharjah and President of the University of Sharjah, chaired the 36th me..
nike air max 97 sale uk dressed up with what looks some sort of “Triple Black” go well with, nonetheless which has a hidden aspect. The particular 60's casino shoe with the calendar year will feature reflective car detailing about among the list of race whipping at the same time the small segment of which homes the by way of Swoosh, although as opposed to that traditional magic expression, a brilliant glowing display will probably glimpse in it has the position. Nike nonetheless has strategies that will release this OFF OF WHITE WINE “The Ten” Symbols in SNKRS in the long term undisclosed time frame, and with the actual win belonging to the incomparable endorsed vision with the boots, the discharge is likely to be appropriate about the nook. The complete selection, while using exclusion in the Speak Chuck Taylor, has made an appearance about the brand’s machines.
cheap nike air max 97 possesses one finalized hurrah for the Twentieth Wedding of the Air Max 97 to be a restock from the first “Silver Bullet” colorway will be established to get overdue Late. The following OG colorway possesses re-released a group of situations through the years precisely as it belongs to the wonderful colour techniques in the extremely known Air flow Greatest extent silhouette. This kind of last restock with the “Silver Bullet” Air conditioning Utmost 97 ties a notable set of vacation months sneaker emits regarding 2017. UNDEFEATED could possibly have pulled this outside the area utilizing Weather Potential 97 collaboration completed inside not one but two techniques, but they’ve acquired the loath strategy good to go because influential trainer shop unveils 1 / 3 colorway of the impressive style.
A NEW white only midsole with all the visible nike air max 97 silver bullet padding plus sinks into associated with lime within the outsole finishes the planning completely. This women’s Nike Air conditioning Greatest extent dropped offshore very first and a stateside relieve is already set that will manifest from the subsequent 1 week. Offering any multi-colored concept for the holiday season, a new smokey blue/mushroom color handles this runner’s payment upper manufactured from pony hair suede throughout watery orange down earthy brown leafy leathers, although iterations involving smoothness, sparkle and also colour makeup the particular remainder in the top. A bright midsole in addition to teeth rubber outsole eventually wraps up the theory completely.
That Nike Blazer is actually obtaining extravagance therapy once more when using the introduction of the Nike Blazer Low LX of which will come insured in soft pony frizzy hair. The following women’s colorway on the Blazer Reduced assumes this tonal therapy around the upper since most of the boot arrives protected with a variety of charcoal pony hair plus velvet for just a quality glance. Sometimes the particular Nike logos on the tongue, aspect solar panels, and back heel were assigned the particular tonal appearance. Down below most people notice loads of contrast by means of a new bright rubber lone model. SOME SORT OF coordinating midsole, titanium precious metal printing around the insoles plus a semi-translucent Gum rubber outsole finishes the actual nike air max 97 black.
Colbert asked how Scarborough's co-host Mika Brzezinski is doing - then asked: "Are you guys co-hosting or are you the host?" Joe Scarborough had some choice words for Kellyanne Conway and the Trump administration last night, blasting them for continually lying to the media and misleading the public.
The neighborhood of Rockspring was particularly hard hit causing first responders to rescue at least 225 people from rising tides on Tuesday. Highway 101 was closed in both direction at McKee Road after flood waters spilled onto the freeway overnight.
In the cell phone video, taken at the Commons of Providence facility, Fultz is heard suggesting explicit ideas to the elderly man, along with touching his thighs, pulling her trousers down and at one point even straddling the hundred year old man's leg.
Instagram announced their latest feature - the ability to include up to 10 photos or videos in one post, which you can then swipe through for easy viewing - in a February 22 blog post, solidly positioning themselves as the "experience" platform.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) memos , signed by Secretary John Kelly, lay out that any immigrant living in the USA illegally who has been charged or convicted of any crime - and even those suspected of a crime - will now be an enforcement priority.
The cards were stocked in select machines at the stations and were dispersed at random for any value. They're available for purchase at Supreme stores, as well as the stations at Broadway-Lafayette, Queens Plaza, Marcy Avenue, Atlantic Avenue, Prince Street, Spring Street, Union Square, and the 125th Street 2/3 train - though they may now be sold out, per the MTA .
in the African Union bw Website fabricant de four à chaux gov bw Botswana / Kenya Tanzania Mauritius South Africa and so on as well as first generation Indian immigrants
It looks amazing and has got bonus options to match. There are 5 reels and it’s 25 -line slot featuring autoplay option wild symbols, bonus games , free spins, Jackpot. While playing It’s where your aim is always to spin a combination of earnings to get a cash payout. It provides a great deal of pleasure and a jackpot that is sizable. This slot is just a feast of functions , and also you will not regret it should you sit at the desk. It is made to give pleasure because of its amusing graphics. Especially the sound effects are on a top level. Equally visual and audio effects here are wonderful , and it offers the real gambling sense. This slot machine includes adequate design and not bad music on a background on this slot , and this provides a awesome audio effects. With all the fine looking features it’s absolutely worth a shot. This online game looks astonishing , layout design , music , everything is perfect and also gives a great deal of enjoyment to the eyes. It is highly entertaining and graphically fantastic. Graphic design and sounds comes to be on quite decent level. It is always a great simply to open this particular slot and also listen to good music.
While the wager is placed on line which is up to 1 coins, players may continue gambling. The maximum size of coins permitted during the time of gambling online slot results in 2. The free spins feature is also nice. It is exciting themed video slot from NextGen Gaming software provider. There are free spins as well as welcome bonuses. Fairies Forest Slot is online slot machine which offers minimum coins per line values in quantity of 1. This slot has the potential for winning income that exceeds the expectancies. Fairies Forest Slot It is a vivid 25 -payline video slots that works on NextGen Gaming gambling platform. Wild symbols are extremely excellent. Fairies Forest Slot is a easy 5 reel 25 payline online slot. Customers can gamble the finest casino jackpot slots and win massive jackpots in the amount of 5000. A casino slot with 5 reels and 25 paylines is enough to make sure that you can do a hit and get a win. It’s still exciting owing to it’s special layout and also you can play it all night until you get bored. This slot machine features , decent graphics , the quiet background sound that gives a cosmic sound. The advantages with this slotmachine will be lots of , however, one of the absolutely most important is that win lines are counted within the directions. And here there are the casinos which offer this slot : MonacoAces Casino, Devilfish Casino, Pocket Casino, Phone Vegas Casino and many others. It’s a magnificent game if you perform it on the proper spin of time. The min range of coin dimension which is 0.01 and clarity of play makes it to be played and enjoyed by every gamer. The symbol which gives the alleged repetitive spin within this online game called wild and may be put in any position. This one video slots is a genuinely addictive slot that ought to make you return to get more. A theoretical percentage of just how much a online slot machine pays out in wins as it pertains to each of made online bets is 95.34%. It is very bright and bright using 25 paylines and 5 reels which is sufficient to keep you entertained. It’s 25 pay-lines and it provides some excellent animations effects throughout free spins function. The wild symbols available for use at Fairies Forest Slot replace all symbols except scatter symbols. The online slot itself is very simple and It’s a great to Initiate the gaming journey. One of the reasons is NextGen Gaming capacity to secure a licence with the worldwide most important movie studios that permits gamers to take pleasure in branded online slots. Playing Fairies Forest Slot this is going to be a wonderful experience. Fairies Forest Slot is basically an extremely rapid video game with 25 pay-lines. Due to this software provider , NextGen Gaming , you can play your preferred slots without taking at all any risk. This casino slot has really 25 payment lines. Developers of the online game are happen to be motivated by that what is around us and that inspiration really are extremely nicely shown in this on-line slot machine that Is one of those contagious.
The feature of scatter symbols trigger more complimentary and free spins, so increasing your probability of winnings. It has an auto-play function , meaning that you can pick a slot machine to play in automated mode for whatever number of spins. Wild symbol increase your chances for good wins due to bonus round. It has a great array of online slot features accessible for your convenience, among them are : autoplay option, free spins, multiplier, scatter symbol, wild symbol. Here, whilst playing its game you can get free spins. You will find unique feature offered by this slot that carry the capacity to multiply your winnings by a specified amount
I came across this picture on the blog theyallhateus and can't get this engraved golden band ring out of my head! I love the simplicity of the design, it almost looks like a hardware tube. And I love the engraving!
How did you start modelling? I started modelling before 6 years. Well all started at a studio from one of the...
FashionMag42 proudly presents jewellery designer from Phoenix Arizona – Theresa Harnois & Hart Designs How did you come to realize your...
With the beginning of a New Year and with Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on the horizon, our Creative Liaison Coco Mitchell gives timely advice on core-strength training, beauty and a healthy lifestyle. As always, Coco Mitchell has her pulse on current trends and industry standards. With great care and intelligence, Coco Mitchell generously imparts her pearls of wisdom to all who are open to her unique understanding of the fashion industry.
I had a great season this Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week. However, I had to cancel Milan Fashion Week and Paris Fashion Week because I had such pain in my lower back. What to do?
Coco Mitchell: Jenel Stevens, Founder and President of Prowess Private Trainer Inc., suggest you do plenty of core strengthening exercises. Perhaps, your back troubles stem from a weak core. Instead of doing stomach crunches, Jenel Stevens suggest you perform planks. The plank is an isometric core strength exercise that involves maintaining a position for extended periods of time. The most common plank is the front plank that is held in a push-up position with the body’s weight maintained on forearms, elbows, and toes. The plank strengthens the abdominals, back, and shoulders. With high planks the push-up position is maintained on your forearms and the low planks position is maintained on your elbows. (Your elbows should be directly under your shoulders.) Either way, make sure you squeeze your butt muscles and tighten your abs.
I have recently signed with IMG Models. I’m married and I have a two-year old baby. If I tell my agency, do you think they will treat me differently because I’m married with a young child? What do you think?
Coco Mitchell: In the beginning of my career, if you were married or had a boyfriend, the “bookers” would pass you over for girls they felt needed more help financially. Thank God times have changed! Gisele Bundchen, Liya Kebede, Natalia Vodianova, Doutzen Kroes, and Jordan Dunn are just a few examples of top models that have children and/or a married life.
Use the wonderful things that you are experiencing with your husband and child to inspire you and feed your creativity. Remember, a successful model learns to fuel her creativity with the beauty around her. Your husband and child are a blessing!! Enter the New Year with gratitude, celebrating your blessings!!
I know that eating complex carbohydrates like bread, rice, potatoes and pasta can cause weight gain. Are there any other adverse affects complex carbs might have on my body?
Coco Mitchell: You are correct, complex carbs can cause weight gain but they can also have a deleterious effect on your teeth. Dr. Debra Glassman D.D.S says, “that when we eat these foods our saliva enzymes breaks [complex carbs] down into sugars that enhance acids that form around our teeth. These acids cause cavities and erode our enamel. When eating these foods, a great remedy to eliminate acids from around our teeth is to swish our mouths vigorously with water and swallow (if you’re not near a sink). This removes lingering food particles from between teeth.”
Remember, it is important to maintain your weight, but you will not get any beauty campaigns if you have bad or discolored teeth.
With Fashion Weeks in New York, London, Milan and Paris completed, and Couture Week and the fall 2014 ready-to-wear fashion weeks just on the horizon, Coco Mitchell gives a nuanced and a layered perspective on what’s currently required for working models. With great care and intelligence, Coco Mitchell generously imparts her pearls of wisdom.
I have been on several go-sees and I realize most of the girls are a lot thinner than I am, I eat healthy but I don’t know what I’m doing wrong. What to do?
Coco Mitchell: Cut out all products that contain flour (cakes, cookies, pancake cakes, bread and pasta). Next, cut out rice, potatoes and corn (including popcorn) and cut down your salt intake by not eating any kind of chips. By eliminating these products you should drop some pounds.
Coco Mitchell: When you are on the runway, you have to be more commanding. I suggest you focus be directed total toward the photographers or the wall in front of you, walking with purpose in every step making every move definite. I achieve a focus fierce walk by taking deep breaths through my nose (without raising m chest) and slowly exhaling (through a slightly open mouth), always mentally giving thanks for the incredible opportunities afforded you.
Coco Mitchell: I saw you in a couple of shows and you definitely stood out. I suggest not to rests on your recent success. Keep striving to be better. Continue to ask yourself is this good enough? What do I need to do to arrive at Supermodel status? With careful reflection and study I am sure you will conquer not only New York, but also have success in other fashion capitals.
Coco Mitchell: I believe having interests outside of modeling gives a model depth and perspective. Through dance lessons, acting lessons, old movies, museum visits and art and multi-media art installations, a model gets to experience the world and other cultures, even if she/he hasn’t traveled to those places. Remember, designers get inspiration from a wide range of influences, and in order to be able to facilitate their vision, it is important for a model to be aware of those influences. A Supermodel is more than a great beauty. A Supermodel evokes mood, and above all sells product.
On the eve of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week, industry professionals scramble to get in those last few show requests before the big day on September 5. While you are frantically getting in requests and attempting to match the right ensemble with the right accessories, don’t forget everything looks better on a fit body. And though MBFW is just a day away, you can still maximize your time, look slimmer and get more fit with the right workout.
Supermodel Coco Mitchell sat down and exercised with fitness guru Oscar Smith. Oscar Smith has trained everyone from Selita Ebanks to Karolina Kurkova to a slew of Victoria Secret’s Models. In between getting his celebrity clients and supermodels in shape, Oscar gave a few workout tips to our creative liaison Coco Mitchell at his gym, O-Diesel.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week is less than a month away, and as Fashion Reverie prepares to give it readers exciting and comprehensive coverage, Coco Mitchell gives much needed advice and encouragement to models who are prepping for all the castings and hustle and bustle that accompanies Fashion Week.
Always aware of what the industry currently requires, Coco Mitchell with great care and intelligence generously imparts her pearls of wisdom. In this installation, Coco gives advice on runway walks, model prep, and personal style.
Coco, I know you are a supermodel from the 80’s and 90’s, when models ruled the world. Nowadays, most of the fashion magazines are filled with celebrities. Where do I find inspiration for acceptable, fashionable, personal style?
Coco Mitchell: There is an amazing site called models.com that can give you a sense of what is fashionable and assist you in developing your own personal style as a model. Check out the 50 top models’ link. Keep an open mind. Be color blind when you look at the models; after all you’re looking for style. A model’s style is usually paired down—no earrings, bracelets, necklaces, and rings, a least not all at the same time. A model must inspire as well as be a blank canvas.
Coco, I want to come to New York City and get signed with a modeling agency. What is the first thing you suggest I do prior to coming to New York York City?
Coco Mitchell: I am a firm believer in preparation. You need pictures. The biggest mistake that most aspiring models make is using a photographer whose work is not current or up to par. Remember, modeling agencies will not blame the photographer for the bad images, they will hold you accountable as a model who is not prepared to work in a major fashion market.
Do your homework and carefully study magazines that use only models. Do not imitate or emulate celebrities that are on the covers or in the pages of these fashion publications. Celebrities are not models and not expected to perform as such.
Secondly, study the “feeling or attitude” you get from each shot—sexy, sultry, piercing, questioning, etc. Ask yourself what you have to do to achieve that look. What is the model thinking about when they emote. Emotion is not just in the face. Look at the total feeling from head to toe, from shoulders to fingertips; even examine the position of the hands and feet.
All this reflection and examination takes time. Have a friend help you practice until your modeling is more organic and natural, like dancing. Once you are confident that you can deliver, find the right photographer. Ask to see the photographer’s work. You know what to do. So, don’t settle!!
Miss Coco, I do a lot of shows. Everyone says I have a fierce walk, but how do I know if I have what it takes to do the shows in New York, Milan, and Paris?
Coco Mitchell: It has been my experience when training a model that already has some experience that sometimes modifying or tweaking the walk can be a challenge because some models believe their walk is appropriate for every runway show or designer. Be aware the runway walks should evolve or be adjusted depending on the show or designer.
If you are serious, and you sound like you are, go and look at the shows on youtube.com from Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week fall/winter 2013, Milan Fashion Week fall/winter 2013, and Paris Fashion Week fall/winter 2013. Ask yourself “do I fit into the lineup of these shows, and is my walk current and reflects the walk in these shows”? Nowadays, casting agents are not looking for “signature walks.” They want a very cohesive show.
If you feel you need to tweak your runway walk, use the runway videos on youtube.com as your sounding board, so to speak, and Practice, Practice, Practice !!!
With New York Fashion Week just on the horizon, modeling agencies are busy signing new models and preparing comp cards and look books and for their new recruits, as well as keeping their stable of established models portfolio’s fresh and current. With all the hustle and bustle that happens in preparation for New York Fashion Week, Coco Mitchell gives much needed advice and encouragement to young models who always seek her wizened counsel.
Always aware of what the industry currently requires for new models, Coco Mitchell with great care and intelligence generously imparts her pearls of wisdom. In this installation, Coco gives advice on dressing for go-sees, casting protocol, and pushing your career to the next level.
Hi, Miss Coco, I’m 14 years old and when I go on castings the other girls are always asking me questions. Should I answer?
Coco: I think you should respond if the other models are asking you which modeling management agency you are signed with. Respond honestly and candidly if they ask you questions about who shot the looks in your portfolio or about the fashion business in general.
Being honest and positive is a great way to make friends. Plus, some models are not happy with their agency and are looking to change management. I would stay away from anything too personal.
However, remember castings are all about you booking the job and not a social get-together. Keep conversation and chatter to a minimum!!
Coco: When going on go-sees I believe you should be acquainted with the designer’s style; however, no one will expect a new model to wear the designer’s clothing or brand at the go-see. (That comes after you start making money.) Consider that a lot of these brands are expensive, and you are not rolling in cash, yet.
I suggest that you be well groomed—pedicure/manicure, bikini, under arms, and legs hairless. Be confident and do some research on that designer/brand before the go-see. Remember, knowledge is power!!
Coco, my agent said she was going to send me to work in Paris, but she hasn’t brought it up again. Do you think she changed her mind?
Coco: Do not be afraid of your agent. Remember, she works for you!! After all, the agency does take 20% of your earned income.
That said; be as bubbly and as charming as you can be and say “I can’t wait to go to Paris!! Is there something I should be doing to get ready?” Agencies appreciate models that are proactive and ambitious. Though you are signed and have a agent, this is your career. If working in Paris is your goal, put the wheels in motion!!
In this third installation, supermodel Coco Mitchell gives advice to young models about personality, charm and evoking mood and feeling in front of the camera. Always aware of what the industry currently requires for new models, Coco Mitchell with great care and intelligence imparts her pearls of wisdom. She truly is a benevolent keeper of the secrets!!
I’ve been trying to launch my modeling career for a year now. I keep hearing I need personality. I HAVE PERSONALITY!!! But for some reason my personality is not coming through. I need some clarity. HELP!!
Coco Mitchell: It’s not about not having personality because we all have personality. Our personalities evolve through our experiences. It’s obvious that you are frustrated and that part of your personality should never be shown to the public. Like it or not, as a working model you are now a public figure. The personality you need is bigger and brighter than what you think.
I believe that you can attain this bigger, brighter personality by first putting aside your feelings of frustration and humbling yourself. Become excited about life the way child anticipates receiving a gift or a toy or going to Disneyland. That child sees himself already on the rides at Disneyland. That child will turn on the charm, too. Stir up that excited, anticipating and charming child inside!
Don’t let go of your dream. Eventually that light of excited anticipation will turn into charm and it will be there all the time. Clients, friends, and even strangers will be drawn to it. Practice the art of anticipation.
Coco Mitchell: Posing is not what it was in the 60’s, 70’s, 80’s or even the 90’s. Sometimes, at a photo shoot the designer or the photographer will tell you what they want; but not always. Currently, in the industry for male models it is more about emoting than the positioning of your body. Emoting is projecting on the outside what you’re thinking, and your thoughts and mood you are evoking will determine how you will position your body. In other words, you become an actor projecting through the photographic image to the consumer “you will feel like this when you wear these clothes.”
This is a very powerful position to be in. Practice in the mirror. Take pictures of yourself. Do free tests with a variety of photographers—always know beforehand what the photographer has in mind.
Fashion Reverie has quickly become one of the premier destinations for all things fashion and as a part of Fashion Reverie’s initiative to facilitate more interactivity with our viewing audience Fashion Reverie has established a bi-weekly question and answer segment with our esteemed colleague, supermodel Coco Mitchell. Every two weeks Coco Mitchell will answer 3 to 4 questions from our viewers about fashion, modeling, and life.
In this first installation, Coco Mitchell responds to questions about starting a modeling career, good skincare, and transitioning from college into the world of work.
Question: If someone lives in a small town and wants to be a fashion model what can she or he do to make it work for them? —Small Town Girl
Coco Mitchell: If you live in a small town and aspire to be a fashion model you can start preparing yourself where you are. Here are a couple things you can do in your small town before you hit the big time.
1) Buy a pair of high heels and practice walking in them. Remember, you will have to walk in high heels and all types of crazy shoes on international runways.
2) Use the internet to familiarize yourself with what is currently going on in the fashion industry. You Tube is a great resource to view all the current fashion weeks in New York, Paris, Milan, London, and other international cities. You will even find videos of me walking in some shows. Wink, wink!!
3) Purchase fashion magazines (Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, Elle and Marie Claire), and if you can afford it, subscribe to a few. Don’t just peruse the beautiful clothing; study each issue from cover to back. Learn the current trends and observe the styling in each editorial. And most importantly, study the attitude and poses of each model from head to toe. Remember, an educated model is a working model!!
4) Work on your personal style. Industry models look like models all the time, even if they are doing laundry. Lucky Magazine is a good source on style and ANTM’s Aminat Ayinde gives good advice in her recent Fashion Reverie interview.
5) See if there are any local modeling agencies where you can get experience. That said; never, ever pay for photos upfront at a local agency. Reputable agencies only subtract for portfolio development based on paid assignments, not prior to signing or before models have received paid work. If the local agency request funds upfront, RUN for the hills!!
6) Last, but not least, in all honesty, you eventually will have to develop your career in a major fashion capital, like New York City. So, PREPARE, PREPARE, PREPARE!!
Question: For young women transitioning from college life to becoming a young professional what is the best way to break into a new field and create a presence? —Erica
Coco Mitchell: The transition is not as hard as you might think. While you were in college you chose your field of interest. While you were an undergraduate you may even have had work-study jobs in your desired field. So, you are already on the right course.
In becoming a young professional you can interview and acquire a position in your field of choice immediately after graduation or you can test the waters and apply for paid or unpaid internships, which can you hands-on experience. If the internship is a little more than being a gopher, be the best gopher you can possibly be. Remember, your future is your own hands, and there is something valuable to be learned from every work experience. By showing initiative and doing your best you are creating a presence.
Throughout your work and personal life you will always experience change. But with hard work, guts, commitment, determination, focus, and most importantly trust in the Divine, the transition won’t be difficult.
Question: What is the biggest piece of advice that you would give to a woman of color starting out in the fashion industry. How do I stand out and make a name for myself, without falling prey to stereotypes and being overlooked? Also, any skin care advice for flawless aging would be appreciated. —Sandra B.
Coco Mitchell: My biggest advice to you as a woman of color just starting out in the fashion industry is to recognize that you are God’s beautiful creation and other people’s perceptions of you have nothing to do with your beauty and potential. Remember, you make your own opportunities.
Show yourself approved and stand out by being the ultimate professional. Ask yourself if you have prepared yourself for a career where the girls that are working are BEYOND, regardless of their race or ethnicity. Stand out by being current and knowledgeable of your craft.
If you search the internet and fashion magazines there are more women of color working in fashion as opposed to a few years back. So, the industry is catching up to what the rest of the world looks like.
As for advice on flawless aging skin, I apply the 8 Rule; 8 hours of sleep every night, and eight 8 ounce glasses of water every day. If you wear makeup, never sleep in it. Invest in a good skincare regime. If you can afford it, get your skin analyzed by a professional aesthetician.
Fashion Reverie has quickly become one of the premier destinations for all things fashion and as a part of Fashion Reverie’s initiative to facilitate more interactivity with our viewing audience Fashion Reverie has established a bi-weekly question and answer segment with our esteemed colleague, supermodel Coco Mitchell. Every two weeks Coco Mitchell will answer 3 to 4 questions from our viewers about fashion, modeling, and life. The questions with responses from Coco Mitchell will be posted in our new Conversations with Coco section, located under the Model Spotlight tab.
Discovered by the legendary Eileen Ford, Coco Mitchell has graced the covers of high glossy fashion magazines and walked the runways of some of the most acclaimed fashion designers for over three decades. Coco Mitchell was the first African American woman to appear in Sports Illustrated. She has walked in runway shows for Giorgio Armani, Christian Dior, Issey Miyake, Thierry Mugler, Valentino, Giorgio Sant’Angelo, Paco Rabanne, Chanel, Yves Saint Laurent, Patrick Kelly, Gian Franco Ferre, Versace, Sonia Rykiel, Donna Karan, Calvin Klein, Badgley Mischka, Bill Blass, Zang Toi, Betsey Johnson, just to name a few. For over 16 years Coco Mitchell was a personal favorite of Ralph Rucci. And Coco Mitchell has appeared on the covers of French and Italian Vogue, Essence and a wide array of domestic and international fashion magazines.
Coco Mitchell gives back to the fashion industry by coaching young models, and advising emerging fashion talent. Coco Mitchell is the creative consultant at Fashion Reverie, and is signed with MGMT, a division of Major Model Management.
Iconic North American Department Store Nordstroms has failed its attempt to go private — at least for now.
The company “intends to continue” its attempt to go private “after the conclusion of the holiday season,” it said in a press release.
After months of speculation and a noisy grey rumble during this year’s retail apocalypse, the department-store chain shut down the effort to sell the company to a private-equity firm through the end of the year.
The deal was pink fingered over the financing. Following painful reports that the family was struggling to whip up enough debt to finance the deal, most industry watchers have assumed that the effort was doomed.
Especially after the New York Post reported that the company had been in heavy negotiation to raise a billion dollars from Leonard Green and Partners, far short of the estimated 10 billion needed to conclude the move.
The deal is yet another casualty of the financing shock wave over the massive Toys R Us Bankruptcy, a company that seemed invulnerable, but has fallen like a paper tiger in the wake of the Amazon and online sales juggernaut.
In fact with the failure of so many big boxes–even luxury market big boxes, it was amazing that anyone was willing to discuss financing a deal of this size at all.
The larger money has been going to Brand acquisitions like the 2.4 billion dollar Coach/Kate Spade transaction, or the billion plus for Michael Kors to acquire Tommy Choo. Financiers can see a future in funding popular brands which are still relevant in an omni channel world.
Nordstrom’s suffered a rather ignoble defeat this year, but the rest of the department store industry is pretty much in worse shape, with Dillards, Macy’s, Ross Stores and JCPenneys all reporting humiliating losses.
The 6.1% tumble was pretty awful, but could have been a lot worse. Its been no secret that Nordstrom’s struggles were making any speculation on a stock purchase unlikely, so expectations have been lowered since the beginning of the month with the New York Post report.
It might actually just do better.. Short interest on the company’s stock sits near the lowest level since 2015, relative to outstanding shares available to loan, according to IHS Markit data.
No matter what, things will get interesting once more if the family resumes the attempt to go private in 2018.
Montreal Fashion Week Montr�al Fashion Week The mission of Montr�al Fashion Week is to promote Qu�bec designers to the fashion industry, buyers and journalists. Created in September 2001 by Liaison Mode Montr�al, Montr�al Fashion Week is set to hold its 9th edition. From the time it was first launched, this event has allowed the fashion press and buyers to discover emerging labels. Liaison Mode Montr�al The instigator of Montr�al Fashion Week, Liaison Mode Montr�al is a group of associations dedicated to raising national and international awareness of the fashion and clothing industry, apositioning Montr�al as one of North America�s major creative and production centres.
(2018) Socioeconomic determinants as risk factors for squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: a case-control study in Iran. British Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery.
曾在几年前我蛮钟情于vintage，高腰复古长裙，妈妈的复古包，棕色的复古牛津鞋，八十年代的短发发型，整个装扮都偏向于甜美的复古类型，那时是和我那个年龄相符合的品味打扮，羞涩、不太敢创新、不是那么懂自己的风格，只觉得自己看上去应该是复古点会好看。
To me, recently, the LEGO games have been quite good. The storys have been very well thought out for the LEGO Batman 3 videogame. But this, I’m not quite sure how well this will do with little children playing the game, then wanting to watch the movies.
Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 April 2015 March 2015 January 2015 November 2014 September 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 October 2013 September 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012
The total transaction value is approximately C$590 million, inclusive of Integra shares held by Eldorado. Analysts' mean recommendation for Eldorado Gold Corporation (EGO) stands at 2.10. Therefore 75% are positive. Eldorado Gold Corporation ha...
Hundreds have also been hurt and arrested. But they have been unable to stop violence in their ranks, with youths hurling stones and petrol bombs, vandalizing property and starting fires when security forces block marches with tear gas, pepper spra...
Ahead of the company's I/O developer conference this week, it has announced partnerships with Audi and Volvo which will see the vehicle manufacturers pick Android as their in-car operating system. Though it appears that the initial development of...
After a gorgeous weekend across North Iowa, showers and thunderstorms are expected to make a return this afternoon into tonight and some of them could be strong to severe. "By late afternoon, we're done with that round", Brickman said. "The environ...
The industrial output under the new data series showed an expansion of 5% during 2016-17, from 3.4% in the previous year. The key indices traded with gains of close to half a per cent each during the mid-afternoon trade session, as healthy buying w...
The proposal comes in the wake of the rising number of students who are facing issues with their identity as boys or girls. "This generation is really questioning being binary in the way we look at things", headteacher Adam Pettitt told The Sunday...
Advertising is the cornerstone of Google's business, but with AdSense in particular it relies on publishers to sign up to receive Google-derived ads on their sites - Google said that it paid out $11 billion to publishers in advertising revenue past y...
EDT (23:20 GMT) May 15, 2017, at Launch Complex 39A (LC-39A). Despite several failed launches of its Falcon 9 rockets, Elon Musk's private space venture has had five successful missions, so far. "Inmarsat-5 F4 (I-5 F4) will boost the power of our a...
This is the second attempt of this national security mission for SpaceX, who scrubbed yesterday's launch when only one minute was left in Falcon 9's take-off. Because SpaceX was launching at the Cape and not on a drone ship in the ocean, the co...
Meet Rifath Sharook, an Indian teenager hailing from Tamil Nadu's Pallapatti, who has made India proud by creating the smallest and lightest satellite in the world for US's National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The satellite is made m...
It will be available on the e-commerce website Tatacliq.com at Rs 10,499. The device weighs just 148 grams and comes in four colour options- matte black, blue, mint green, and champagne gold. On the camera front, the device offers a 13-Megapixel pr...
You be the judge. What some may not know about is the celebrations that take place the day after on May 5th. That includes not only marquee movies like the latest trilogy, " A New Hope " prequel "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" and the upcoming Han S...
According to a US official, Sunday's missile landed 60 miles (95 kilometers) south of Russia's Vladivostok region, home to the Russian Pacific Fleet. "It is definitely concerning". Kim said North Korea would stage more nuclear and missile tests in...
However, on the camera end, the smartphone comes with a 5 MP rear camera dual LED Flash and 5 MP front facing camera, while on the other hand, the display screen comes with a 2.5D curved glass on top of it, thereby protecting it from scratches.
Pence said in January that Flynn denied those calls involved sanctions placed on Russian Federation by the Obama administration in response to its election meddling. Flynn's forced resignation followed media reports that he had discussed USA -imposed...
Many are using social media to send message of condolences to the family of Mr Hlatshwayo, who was also a disc jockey for local radio station Jozi FM. "We appreciate his willingness to share his talents with us and efforts to plough back to his commu...
Since being certified in 2015 to launch national security satellites, SpaceX has won two contracts to launch Global Positioning System satellites for the U.S. SpaceX normally divulges footage from the entirety of its missions, but the company curt...
Brad Smith, Microsoft's president and chief legal officer, said in a blog post Sunday that it was in fact the NSA that developed the code being used in the attack. In China, hundreds of thousands of computers at almost 30,000 institutions and organ...
Ukraine earned the right to host the 2017 Eurovision contest after Jamala , a Crimean Tatar performer, won last year's contest in Sweden with a song about the 1944 deportation of Crimean Tatars by Soviet dictator Josef Stalin. Writing on Facebook...
Senior security staff held another meeting in the White House Situation Room on Saturday, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation and National Security Agency were trying to identify the perpetrators of the massive cyber attack, said the official, wh...
The United States called for tougher sanctions against the North after Sunday's missile test, with the White House saying: "Let this latest provocation serve as a call for all nations to implement far stronger sanctions against North Korea".
Prison warders in PNG' Buimo Prison shot dead 17 of the 77 inmates when they broke out of the Prison last Friday. "These are undesirable people and will be a threat to the community ", Lae police commander Anthony Wagambie told the newspaper.
The footage, which was captured by researchers from Fisheries and Oceans Canada and the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF) Canada shows the pale porpoises stunning Arctic cods using their long tusk prior to capturing and devouring these preys.
South Korea's relationship with China has been tense in recent months due to the deployment of the USA missile defense system THAAD, which China sees as compromising its military interests. Asked in an interview with NBC News conducted on Thursda...
The Sens forward had quite a night in the opening game of the series, as he also helped set up Jean-Gabriel Pageau's first-period goal with a no-look backhanded pass from behind the Penguins' net. The puck snuck its way past Fleury at the right post,...
GumBumper.com contains published rumors, speculation, assumptions, opinions, as well as factual information and worldwide celebrity news.
Information on this site may or may not be true and not meant to be taken as fact. GumBumper.com makes no warranty as to the validity of any claims.
Our pages are updated daily so you're always in the know with what's going on in pop culture news. Enjoy!!
Forum of Lithuanian history is a place for discussion on the urgent problems of the Lithuanian history. Share your opinions!
Other sections of the Forum Forum of Lithuanian history Beyond history Lithuanian Genealogy Links News
Random quote: "Events in the past may be roughly divided into those which probably never happened and those which do not matter." William Ralph Inge (1860 - 1954)
Customer service is our main priority. We make sure that you are 100% happy with the service that you relieve from us by going above and beyond.
The report summary provides an overview of the Investment Adviser Representative's professional background and conduct. The information contained in this report has been provided by the Investment Adviser Representative, investment adviser and/or securities firms, and/or securities regulators as part of the states' investment adviser registration and licensing process. The information contained in this report was last updated by the Investment Adviser Representative, a previous employing firm, or a securities regulator on 08/17/2018.
Additional information including this individual's qualification examinations and professional designations is available in the Detailed Report.
This Investment Adviser Representative was previously registered with the following Investment Adviser firms:
For additional registration and employment history details as reported by the individual, refer to the Registration and Employment History section of the Detailed Report.
Disclosure events include certain criminal charges and convictions, formal investigations and disciplinary actions initiated by regulators, customer disputes and arbitrations, and financial disclosures such as bankruptcies and unpaid judgments or liens.
This individual previously was registered as an investment adviser representative and a broker. For more information about this individual's record as a broker, visit FINRA's BrokerCheck website at: http://www.finra.org/brokercheck
The report summary provides an overview of the Investment Adviser Representative's professional background and conduct. The information contained in this report has been provided by the Investment Adviser Representative, investment adviser and/or securities firms, and/or securities regulators as part of the states' investment adviser registration and licensing process. The information contained in this report was last updated by the Investment Adviser Representative, a previous employing firm, or a securities regulator on 06/30/2017.
This individual is registered as a broker and an investment adviser representative. For more information about this individual's record as a broker, visit FINRA's BrokerCheck website at: http://www.finra.org/brokercheck
The report summary provides an overview of the Investment Adviser Representative's professional background and conduct. The information contained in this report has been provided by the Investment Adviser Representative, investment adviser and/or securities firms, and/or securities regulators as part of the states' investment adviser registration and licensing process. The information contained in this report was last updated by the Investment Adviser Representative, a previous employing firm, or a securities regulator on 11/20/2014.
The report summary provides an overview of the Investment Adviser Representative's professional background and conduct. The information contained in this report has been provided by the Investment Adviser Representative, investment adviser and/or securities firms, and/or securities regulators as part of the states' investment adviser registration and licensing process. The information contained in this report was last updated by the Investment Adviser Representative, a previous employing firm, or a securities regulator on 08/21/2018.
A Terrible Future lies ahead of us Judging by the Climate Changes after the last Ice Age - Advocator
A new study that was published in the journal Science shows how increases in temperatures will affect our landscapes in the next 150 years, based on an analysis of the significant changes to Earth’s vegetation after the last ice age. The paper involved a team of 42 authors from all over the world and was led by the University of Arizona.
According to Janelle Stevenson from the Australia National University, the regions of our planet that experienced the biggest temperatures increases over the interval that was analyzed had seen the most significant changes in vegetation. The Australia National University is one of those involved in the international research team that has concluded that two-thirds of the vegetation on our planet went through some major changes from 21,000 years ago until the pre-industrial era, when we know that the temperatures on Earth warmed by four to seven Celsius degrees.
Simon Haberle, who is one of the researchers at the Australia National University, mentioned that the team took into consideration results from changes that happened in the past to vegetation at 594 different sites from each continent, except Antarctica. They used this data in order to understand how drastically can the ecosystems change worldwide in the future. What allowed the researchers to find out how exactly the ecosystems might be transformed under several greenhouse gas emissions models was the connection between temperature changes and the alterations in vegetation.
According to Professor Haberle from the ANU Department of Archaeology and Natural History, the scientists have already noticed “warning signs of big changes in vegetation” throughout Australia because of the climate change. The new study shows again just how important it is for us to “move rapidly towards an emission-free global economy”, as Stevenson, a co-author of the paper, has mentioned.
Laura grew up in a small town in northern Quebec. She studied chemistry in college, graduated, and married her husband one month later. They were then blessed with two baby boys within the first four years of marriage. Having babies gave their family a desire to return to the old paths – to nourish their family with traditional, homegrown foods; rid their home of toxic chemicals and petroleum products; and give their boys a chance to know a simple, sustainable way of life. They are currently building a homestead from scratch on two little acres in central Texas. There’s a lot to be done to become somewhat self-sufficient, but they are debt-free and get to spend their days living this simple, good life together with their five young children. Laura is an advocate for people with disabilities.
a person who speaks or writes in support or defense of a person, cause, etc. (usually followed by of): an advocate of peace. 4. a person who pleads for or in behalf of another; intercessor.