Probiotics are also important but these have limitations. Probiotics are a source of healthy lactic acid producing bacteria mainly Lactobacilli (LAB), and these compete with potential pathogens to physically and chemically exclude the enteropathogens.
This includes personalizing content and advertising. By continuing to use our website, you accept our use of cookies, updated Privacy Statement and Terms of Use.
How could anyone raise an objection to this? And yet a firestorm erupted among those who sought to make political mileage out of the tragedy. Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), always a reliable barometer of the politically correct, thundered, “The president’s talk of violence ‘on many sides’ ignores the shameful reality of white supremacism in our country today, and continues a disturbing pattern of complacency around such acts of hate.” An echo chamber of pundits and politicians insisted that the loss of life and the disorder in Charlottesville was encouraged by the president himself.
Charlottesville’s mayor, Michael Signer, a Democrat, declared, “I’m not going to make any bones about it. I place the blame for a lot of what you’re seeing in America today right at the doorstep of the White House and the people around the president.” This may have been a veiled reference to the president’s strategic advisor, Stephen K. Bannon, often wrongly and unjustly smeared as one sympathetic to white supremacists.
Here, as is so often the case with this president and the media, Trump had a much better handle on reality than did his critics. He understood that what was going on in Charlottesville was more than a detestable white supremacy, but a breakdown in our sense of common bonds of citizenship.
What sparked the original protest was a decision by Charlottesville to remove a statute of General Robert E. Lee, and we’ve come to a sad pass where any attempt to defend Lee can be labelled as the work of white supremacists. Not so long ago, Lee was recognized as a hero by both North and South, a man who was offered the command of the Union forces, and who had been the superintendent of West Point. He regarded slavery as an evil, but he makes a convenient target for the ideologues of the Left who seek to weaponize history.
“I think continually of those who are truly great,” wrote Stephen Spender. And Lee was one of these. He fought to defend what he regarded as native land—Virginia—from attack, and throughout the United States there are many who admire his military prowess, his religious piety and his effort to effect a reconciliation between North and South after the war. To seek to obliterate his memory, is an act of hate itself. It also reeks of self-serving historical amnesia, a demand for cheap grace, for absolution for past wrongs that are American wrongs. The truth is, we we all share the guilt of America’s sins.
Stephen B. Presser is the Raoul Berger Professor of Legal History Emeritus at Northwestern University’s Pritzker School of Law, and the author of “Law Professors: Three Centuries of Shaping American Law” (West Academic Publishers, 2017). This year, Professor Presser is a Visiting Scholar in Conservative Thought and Policy at the University of Colorado, Boulder.
"Succede così, succede nel magico incanto della notte... La fantasia abbraccia la magia... E nasce il sogno..." ✨ Buonanotte! - AMICI di Maria De Filippi
Private jet charter in a significant jet is a great preference since the cabin presents further basic safety and comfort.
Additional then 30% of all private jet charters flights have an empty leg. That number climbs even bigger in European Charter Flights. When clientele choose to book a A technique private jet the aircraft ought to return to its place of origin or regional hub without having passengers onboard. Charter operators and homeowners supply these ‘empty leg’ flights towards the private jet Market at deep discounted prices. For clientele whose schedules offer them that has a diploma of overall flexibility, empty leg charters provide monumental cost savings around normal private jet prices, even bigger If your empty leg is purchased on the last second foundation. Empty leg seats provide customers with the opportunity to experience the ease, versatility, comfort, and effectiveness that happen to be the hallmarks of the Zephyr Jets working experience.
It's among the most significant cabins in It is really class and will carry up to nineteen travellers in its 8.2 foot large cabin, however it's got transcontinental assortment, and is ready to accomplish nonstop flights between Virtually any two towns in The us.
.) Despite the aura of decadence that appears to encompass private planes, jet-card companies could be shaping the future of flight.
Wall Road's Goldman Sachs to supply residence improvement loans Bulge bracket expenditure bank Goldman Sachs is to begin providing non-secured dwelling advancement loans to borrowers this thirty company website day period, its most recent expansion into...
We failed to get hit with any excessive or shock charges. Everything was quoted in advance of we set off. We returned the vehicle complete (I desire that alternative) and designed sure I went above any present harm before setting off.
no, i had a booking by now for your compact vehicle through travel jigsaw and After i bought there they questioned if i needed an improve, that they had a couple of comaros out the front so i requested how much they were being and he explained $200 more, Which it was a fantastic price because they are frequently $85 a day more than the vehicle i rented.
Guys just studying this thread...I am perplexed....will never your travel insurance policy get the excess so u Really don't have to have significant insurance policies costs along with the rental?
Do people today think that the CDW with webcarhire both is likely to be a lower amount that they'll check out an upsell on the counter & potentially not contain deal with for theft too?
I’ve used loads of time at Los Angeles Global (LAX), each as an fanatic observer and worker, having labored there for TWA you can try this out in between 1964 and 1969. Furthermore, my late brothers, Bill and Bob, expended time there and many of us took images.
Regardless of whether you’re intending to fly private into or from Seattle-Tacoma Global Airport, we will see the private jet and develop the itinerary that suits your needs.
A uncommon tranquil interval in the airport within the working day after Christmas equally as the sun was environment. Continental’s two boarding steps are within the short term gates.
We also this year are selling "Year of the Cardinals" Shirts to commemorate all the success that we've had at Earlham over the last 12 months. The shirt (Red or White) will have the below logo on it along with a list of all the Athletic & Fine Art success we've had. The shirt will cost $15/shirt though if you order a yearbook, the shirt cost will go down to $10/shirt. So if you order 1 yearbook, all the shirts your order for your family will be $10. The shirts will be in by the end of school this year. Use the same form above to order your Shirts.
It is the policy of the Earlham Community School District not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, creed, age (for employment), marital status (for programs), sexual orientation, gender identity and socioeconomic status (for programs) in its educational programs and its employment practices. There is a grievance procedure for processing complaints of discrimination. If you have questions or a grievance related to this policy please Michael Wright at 535 N. Chestnut, or by phone at515-758-2235 or by email at mwright@ecsdcards.com.
Sunbrella Nautical flag Pillow letter W or "Whisky" as it is also know is available in many sizes. Made for indoor/outdoor use this mildew and fade resistant code flag pillow is perfect for Boats, decks, patios, Yachts, sunrooms and more. Made in the USA from high quality fabric. Select your size from the drop down menu.
At Home Care Professionals, we seek to bring comfort, care and quality skilled home health care to each and every one of our patients. At Home Care Professionals, we treat each patient in the comfort of their own home, providing a wide range of services geared to the needs of each individual.
From therapy to skilled nursing care to hourly and live in care assistance; from personal care services to infusion therapy services, the staff at Home Care Professionals are the trained, licensed and experienced in-home care providers you can call on.
Home Care Professionals provides live-in care services to patients who have reached the point in life where they can no longer care for themselves. At Home Care Professionals, our-in home care providers allow for you or your loved one to receive professional live-in care services in the comfort of your own home.
Forgot the intimidating and uncomfortable nursing home and hospital settings – when it comes to skilled home health care services in the Coral Spring, FL area, Home Care Professionals has got you covered. Home Care Professionals' wide range of services are available to almost anyone in need of our services, due to our acceptance of just about every insurance coverage plan. Additionally, Home Care Professionals provides our services 24 hours, 7 days a week, so your schedule is our schedule.
Let us help you retain a sense of independence through quality, licensed and experienced in-home care services. The professional team at Home Care Professionals is ready and prepared to assist you or your loved one today.
Physical therapy, speech therapy, infusion services and many more personal care services in Coral Springs, FL
As one of the only skilled home health care agencies in Coral Springs, FL, servicing all of the Broward County area, Home Care Professionals provides a wide range of live-in care services that are geared to each individual’s needs. Home Care Professionals accepts a wide variety of insurance plans, whether you’re receiving our therapy services, skilled nursing care services, personal care services or wound care.
At Home Care Professionals, our patients’ families find comfort in knowing that their loved ones are in the hands of trained, licensed and experienced in-home care professional who incorporate care and compassion into all the services we provide.
When determining the right live-in care services for your needs, it's important to feel connected to your in home care provider. At Home Care Professionals, our in-home care professionals take pride in the close attention and compassion they provide to each individual. Take a look through Home Care Professionals' services list and find the services that best fit your loved one’s needs. Don’t wait to get the proper in home care services for you or your loved one – call Home Care Professionals today.
The ITET Digital Water System is saving municipalities thousands of dollars and making life easier for homebuilders and homeowners. Home Corp Services Inc. of Vaughan, Canada has introduced an exclusive, patented ITET Water System that eliminates troublesome municipal service boxes.
When houses are built and water delivery and plumbing systems are initially installed, a connection is made between the municipal water main and a water service pipe to the house.
A shut-off valve (commonly referred to as a “curb stop”) is installed along the water service pipe at a position between the water main and the house.
When lot servicing is complete, a wood stud or plastic pipe is used to support or identify the location of the curb stop to prevent damage or injury.
The curb stop typically has a valve body which is usually about six feet below the ground surface. In order to actuate the curb stop, an extension service box is then used to meet at the ground surface, enabling access to open or close the water valve above grade. The curb stop and the extension service box must be installed in the early stages of construction the home.
Through previous dialogue and presentations with Specialized Concrete and Drain Contractors, we learned that in addition to the expected nuisance calls arising as a result of the current water box system, experience significant vibration issues during the backfill and tamping portion of the construction process.
As a result, this vibration causes the current form of water box to slightly open leaving service contractors with leaking water boxes throughout their projects and thus having to incur significant overall costs for having to go back and perform manual shut-offs which would otherwise have not been required.
These issues provide yet another benefit as to why using the ITET Digital Water System is extremely beneficial as the system is locked in place via it“s electronic actuator, thus holding the valve in the open or closed position unless intentionally directed by the controller to cycle.
Municipality (using authorized contractor) can cycle on/off. ITET digital systems work remotely through the ITET Controller box accessed by authorized person. No heavy vehicles are needed to carry equipment. Saving money to municipalities and their residents.
ITET is completely digital allowing access through internet connection direct from Municipal offices.
Most homeowers who purchase a new home in similar climate zones, take occupancy with exposed curb stops.
During the new home construction process, development property will experience an enormous amount of ground movement with heavy equipment, tampering, compacting and grading. Over time the vibration can cause pressurized valves to open (even by a small portion). The result of leaking water and the depressurized line creates extensive expenditure (in-ground water damage causes sink holes) to the builder, municipality and homeowner (via taxes).
ITET is out of sight and out of mind. There are NO curb stops protruding from the ground. ITET replaces curb stops with a digitally controlled water box buried below the frost level at the same location as the water box.
Secured below the surface it allows only authorized personnel access to cycle your asset on or off. The region has the option of delegating responsibility. Eliminate the risk of injury with exposed curb stops at ground level to homebuilders, contractors, homeowners and their families. Most newly built homes are occupied before grading and landscaping with exposed (and most often broken) fixtures, that create high risk for injury which can lead to costly litigation.
Municipalities gain access through a controlled management system. ITET Digital Water Systems work remotely through a digital controller accessed by authorized personnel. No heavy vehicles are needed to carry equipment, saving money and allowing municipalities to allocate money saved to other resources.
During the new home construction process, development property will experience an enormous amount of ground movement with heavy equipment, tampering, compacting and grading. Over time the vibration can cause pressurized valves to open (even by a small portion). The result of leaking water and the depressurized line creates extensive expenditure (in-ground water damage causes sink holes) by the builder, municipality and homeowner (via taxes).
Every year many water boxes shift and move during the winter months due to winter frost. Quite often curb stops are installed in driveways and pathways that become a nuisance as the frost pushes them through driveways, grass, even brick and concrete which again creates a costly repair.
Eliminate the risk of injury with exposed curb stops at ground level to homebuilders, contractors, homeowners and their families.
Most newly built homes are occupied before grading and landscaping with exposed (and most often broken) fixtures that create high risk for injury can lead to costly litigation.
Escape the prone of lawnmower and other landscaping tools damaged by exposed curb stops by eliminating the water box from the property all together. Removing curb stops in driveways and sidewalks eliminates the potential damage to snow-blowers and other snow removal tools.
Fact: most newly built subdivisions are riddled with unsightly street fixtures such as: fire hydrants, hydro boxes, cable & telephone boxes - removing the water box enhances the subdivision and is a pleasing experience to the homeowner - “out of sight, out of mind”.
Approximately 1 out of every 3 homes will need their curb stop repaired due to damage during new home construction. With numerous trades buzzing around on a daily basis, bent valve stems are inevitable.
Homeowners delay move in date due to construction damages - a costly delay, legal fees, financing and security deposits are all at risk. Avoid nuisance calls regarding broken water boxes and repairs.
Eliminate the risk of injury with exposed water boxes to homebuilders, contractors and homeowners and their families.
Most newly built homes are occupied before grading and landscaping with exposed (and most often broken) fixtures, that create high risk for injury - which can lead to costly litigation.
Contact your city officials to replace your eyesore/nuisance water box with the ITET Digital Water System, the solution that lies beneath the surface. Let your municipality know what you think about curb stops that continue to be a hazard and a nuisance. We guarantee you will be worry-free with the latest in water technology - ITET Digital Water System.
Drain Line- Canton, GA Water leaks are not only frustrating but can also lead to the significant damage to your once beautiful home. Problems can occur when your drain line gets clogged by either mold, dirt, insects or any other material. As a result of these clogs, water can go back into your home. Moving […]
Gus and his team are top notch. On time, great customer service, no surprises, very kind and informative. The full system replacement went flawless. My house was respected and kept clean. The price was fair and straight forward.
Dropped everything, twice, to come install (1st), then come play an emergency visit (2nd). Excellent service and pricing. Will not call anyone else!
I have an older unit in my home and Gus HVAC has been out about 4 times in the last couple of years. They are very knowledgeable and take the time to explain things. Usually they're out on the same day, which is great. I'm glad to have found them!
The work was started as discussed within 2 days of accepting the bid. Workers were polite, on time and diligent. No surprises on the bill. Final total was exactly the price that was quoted.
Me and my Wife have her parents former house on the market to sell since they are no longer with us. Real Estate Agent called and said there was an issue with the air conditioning. My Wife and I now live an hour and a half away. I called this company due to their 5 star google rating and the rating was 5 star for a reason. They were able to come out the same day less than 5 hours after I called right on time that they said they would be there. Checked the system over thoroughly and did what they could to get it back working but the outside unit was dead. They spent the rest of their afternoon tracking down a replacement and was there the very next morning at 7 am with a replacement. That is less than 24 hours from the time a service call was placed to the problem being resolved and since we had them replaced the unit they did not charge us a dime for the service call. Incredibly nice, polite, clean and professional people and service that is getting harder and harder to find these days. A blessing and pleasure to do business with. Thank you!!
Showed up within 2 hours after I called at 4:30 on a Friday afternoon. Our A/C had gone out but luckily Gus had the part in stock and was able to fix it so we didn't have the go the weekend without our A/C working!
When my air conditioning unit stopped cooling, I had a company take a look. I was told that the compressor was bad and would need to be replaced, or I could buy a new unit. After thanking him for his time, I called a different company for a second opinion, which was Gus. He told me the compressor wasn't operating properly and tried to repair it. When that failed, we discussed options. I decided on a new unit as the current one was 10 years old and I suspected more repairs would have been in store for it.Both companies ultimately came to the conclusion that the compressor was locked up. Gus was the only one who tried to do an inexpensive repair before moving to costlier measures. That told me a little something about how he did business.He showed up ten minutes early today and got the job done two hours sooner than anticipated. The work looks good, the house is cool again and it was as painless as an expensive home repair can be. He's also a nice person, which matters more than you might think. I'd recommend him without hesitation.
My senior mother was told by 3 separate HVAC companies that she needed a whole new AC unit and this was upsetting to her because she is on a fixed income and it was way beyond her ability to afford one. These companies quoted her 3-6.5k for installing a new unit. Her existing unit stopped working and even her Home Warranty said she needed a whole new one and they did not cover it. I used Gus in the past with troubleshooting an older unit and he was a big help. I recommended my mom get him to look at her AC unit and guess what??? He was able to fix what needed to be fixed when others just tinkered with it and gave up. Gus HVAC is amazing, great service and quick to respond. It ended up costing my mother a small fraction of what she was quoted and she is now sitting in her house enjoying the cool air. I would Highly recommend Gus HVAC for any of your HVAC needs.
We used Gus over 6 years ago when we moved in to a new house...he was sent my our warranty company..while he had to give us the bad news that the company wouldn't pay for the repair, we were so thankful to have met Gus...he helped us out again when we moved to the Alpharetta area...we had him do an A/C inspection....(which I highly recommend, instead of just taking what the home inspector says) he found 2 leaks before we closed and we were able to get that taken care of...my only issue now is we have AHS warranty with this house and I can't use Gus because they don't let us use who we want...if the providers don't work out..I will definitely be calling Gus...and may call anyway just to have someone HONEST come to my work! I would recommend Gus to anyone...recommended him when they called me from Home Reports!
The pages of this website are designed for ADULTS only and may include pictures and materials that some viewers may find offensive. Saggy tits ebony. Use of the site will constitute your agreement to the following terms and conditions: RealityKings has been voted world's best site for adult entertainment. Naked Young Models 6o. Karen b nude. Karen K 01 Oct - 1, While our focus is mostly on softcore erotica and nude art, we do occasionally post masturbation or hardcore series that are passionate and sexy in our opinion.
Addie 2 days ago - 1, Nude Teen Ladies Free Striptease by Nancy A We have partnered with iStripper to give you a completely free striptease from one of the most beautiful models in the world. Multiple Models 2 Model Galleries Popular latest.
Gorgeous girls in risque group sex, steamy masturbation sessions and passionate lesbian sex. Check out the bonus galleries for more, view them all here! Gallery of Nudes Watch live sex cams featuring pornstars and amateur girls streaming directly from their homes for free.
StasyQ Unique sensual photos and videos with killer original soundtracks, all shot and created by ex-Playboy operator Said Energizer. Nubiles has built a name for themselves over the years for finding the hottest new talent at their peak of freshness, no tired old pornstars here. Beata B 24 Nov - 11, Video Loves You Chat with Live Girls. Sunshine garcia naked. Top Erotic Free Sites. Sign in with Twitter. Gods Art Nudes If you are under the age of 18, if such material offends you or if it is illegal to view such material in your community please exit the site.
Eva Gold yesterday - Use of the site will constitute your agreement to the following terms and conditions:. We have partnered with iStripper to give you a completely free striptease from one of the most beautiful models in the world. I am 18 years of age or older I accept all responsibility for my own actions; and I agree that I am legally bound to these Terms and Conditions The content on this website was created for artistic and entertainment purposes.
Karen K 30 Oct - 5, The name says it all: Beata B 22 Aug - 11, StasyQ Unique sensual photos and videos with killer original soundtracks, all shot and created by ex-Playboy operator Said Energizer. Nude Teen Ladies Let There Be Porn.
Multiple Models 2 Model Galleries Popular latest. Special Deals and Discounts. Thank you for visiting EroticBeauties. What's wrong with this link? Not all porn movies have to be down and dirty, sometimes you want to keep it classy. Also find her at these free sites: Be sure to check out their live webcam shows too. Beautiful girl sex ass. RealityKings has been voted world's best site for adult entertainment. Naked Young Models 6o. Gloria Sol 2 days ago - Hardcore content is hidden.
You only have so many minutes of the day set aside to enjoy your porn, don't want to waste time clicking your way through ugly chicks and boring movies. Karen K 01 May - 2, In The Crack Extreme close-up shots of dripping wet, delicious pussies spread wide open for the camera.
The shapeless hoodies, the shirts you bought because they were cheap in a pack from Walmart? Amateur gets huge tits banged in fake taxi. Posts Ask me anything Archive. Time to go back for more plastic till they are completely rock solid. Maybe you have to work harder. Fake big tits Aletta Ocean anal wrecked. Do not resist the flow of social pressure. Big tits amateur passenger gets fucked by fake driver.
Get a fucking job that will encourage you and motivate you to be a better bimbo. If he has an opinion, you agree. Sweat out that fat, little cardio bunny. Brunette lesbian couple with big fake tits touching and kissing in bed.
Vanesa. Age: 25. i am very pretty and elegant and am an excellent companion for dinner dates.i am also experienced in fantasy and domination and i really enjoy what i am doing.don't hesitate to call me.....
This smoking hot little Latina babe takes one of the fattest BBCs she has ever had a chance to get on, and her pussy puts in overtime to stretch enough to eat the inches!
Latina MILF getting fucked by a young BBC. Download video; Add to favorites; Big Titty latina getting fucked by bbc. 74 months ago views 64. 05: 33. Horny white milf getting facefucked by his bbc. 90 months ago views 67. 11: 54. Submissive white mature getting fucked hard by BBC.
We experienced a lovely huge space that has a balcony with consuming water and nuts replenished daily. The lodge was spotlessly clean and the buffet breakfast was Amongst the very best we expert in per month of touring spherical Australia.
..I are already painting for approximately 8 yrs And which has a complete capable engineer Devoted to undertaking the top painting And the best top quality efficiency in the shortest time. The pricing is suitable to the type of function At the service of our pricey colleagues in The attractive metropolis of Brisbane . one-The best good quality of painting inside and outdoors the creating.
Green Field Seeds-Spreading plant, profuse branching and early bearing. Oval, medium size, green with light green stripes on fruit, borne in the cluster. Brinjal Seeds, Purple Brinjal, Organic Brinjal Seeds, Exporter, Gujarat, India.
For over 50 years, S&S Food Stores has worked endlessly to bring the very best in convenience to our customers. We have been voted “Best of the Best” Convenience Store in North Central Florida by the readers of the Lake City Reporter every year since 1996. We truly believe “People Make it Happen”, and hope you will stop by and visit one of our many locations. S&S Food Stores offer quality name brand gasolines – Shell and B.P. – to ensure that we bring you the best for your vehicle.
Another division of Scaff’s Inc. is Scaff’s Market. Scaffs Markets are small supermarkets and 1 superette, specializing in fresh produce and full service meat markets.
Our in-store merchandise is carefully researched and selected so we can bring you the greatest variety of your favorite snacks, meals, and drinks as well as the best prices on groceries, tobacco and beverages. Our stores are designed to give you a quick and easy shopping experience so you can get in, get what you need, and get on with your day — all served up with the best and friendliest customer service. It’s always Service and Smiles at S&S!
Our beverage selection is the best around! Our large coolers and abundant selection allow you to get the coldest sodas, fruit drinks, beer, wine coolers, bottled water, sports drinks, and many other refreshments at a low price and a great selection. Check out our specials and promotions for the deals near you!
Many people who take Zoloft, Prozac, and other depression-related medications drink light to moderate amounts of alcohol without serious side effects, or any effects.
The easiest way to avoid the problem is to simply stop drinking alcohol while you are taking medications,.Effects of Mixing Prozac and Alcohol. Am on Zoloft 200 and Prozac 40 mgs.Although drinking alcohol is unlikely to affect your response to.Some medicines will make you very sick if you take them while you are taking antidepressants.
Antidepressants And Alcohol: Interactions, Side. who drink alcohol while taking antidepressants notice that. medication so that you can drink alcohol,.Find out how safe it is to drink when you take any other drugs. Drugs that have other negative effects when taken with alcohol.This portion of the eMedTV library discusses why people should avoid taking mirtazapine and alcohol together. should you drink while taking mirtazapine.
Do not drink alcohol while using fluoxetine. If you need to stop taking fluoxetine, your doctor can tell you how to safely stop taking it. Being on antidepressants might remove some of the reason for drinking if you're lucky,...
When you take alcohol and Symbyax together, you. (olanzapine and fluoxetine).Are you saying that you hang out with other, older depressives, whose depressive worldview is consistent with yours.You might be drinking what you normally drink and end up getting alcohol poisoning. 3.).Alcohol can increase the nervous system side effects of FLUoxetine such as.Doxycycline and Alcohol. label on the bottle so many people continue to drink alcohol thinking. or not you can consume any alcohol before you make.I cut back on alcohol intake after starting Prozac and mood.
I drank and exsesive amount of alcohol, which is very strange because i am very skinny and I didnt feel.Zyprexa and Alcohol. by Carol Parker on. If you decide to drink alcohol or if alcohol consumption is.Combining alcohol and Effexor XR is usually not recommended. Fluoxetine. Because alcohol gives the illusion that you are content and all is.With the use of drugs to treat depression on the rise, it is important to understand.
Most anti-depressants come with a warning label saying not to drink alcohol while on the drug(s).Do not drive a car or operate machinery until you know how this medication affects you. remember that alcohol can add to.
Avoid drinking alcohol or using illegal drugs while you are taking.Whether you drink to cap off a taxing work day or to loosen up before or during a.You must wait at least 14 days after stopping an MAO inhibitor before you can take fluoxetine. You. What should I avoid while taking fluoxetine.You are more likely to have a problem if you stop taking certain antidepressants,.
This can be for many reasons including the fact that some people. Prozac (Fluoxetine) is good for treating depression and anxiety. eating disorder, or if you drink alcohol. So,.
Can I drink alcohol when I am taking. inhibit the response to antidepressants. Do not drink alcohol while taking Prozac,. for overdosing on prozac while drinking.She took 24 prozac can you tell me the.
Disorders induced by caffeine are often not recognized as such since it is a socially accepted and widely consumed drug that is well integrated into our habits and routines.
Many people depend on caffeine to the point that they suffer withdrawal symptoms and are not able to reduce their consumption, even if they have another condition that could be affected by the substance such as pregnancy, a heart disease or a disorder. of coagulation.
On the other hand, studies have been carried out that show that caffeine is the most consumed drug in the world. In addition, it is found in a wide variety of products, from coffee, tea, and soft drinks, to analgesics, chocolate and now in a whole series of food products and energy drinks.
Despite being so consumed, health professionals have been slow to characterize caffeine consumption as problematic and recognize that some cases may require treatment.
Caffeine is the most consumed psychoactive substance in the world. It is a water-soluble alkaloid of the xanthine group. It owes its action to its ability to antagonize adenosine, a nucleoside of importance for several biochemical processes.
It has a stimulating metabolic and central nervous system (CNS) effect. In addition, its molecular weight is low and its oral bioavailability is 100%. It is absorbed in the proximal intestine and in the stomach in the first 45 min.
However, maximum plasma concentrations are observed between 30 and 180 minutes. The average life of caffeine is between 4 and 9 hours but is conditioned by several factors such as:
On the other hand, it binds to plasma proteins in 15-30% and is eliminated mainly through the kidneys through the urine. In clinical practice, it is indicated in the treatment of premature apnea, with a therapeutic range in plasma of between 8 and 20 mg / mL.
Disorders induced by caffeine occur, in most cases, when the intake exceeds 5g. Keep in mind that a cup of coffee of 150 ml contains 64 to 124 mg depending on its purity. Several caffeine-induced disorders have been recognized:
Caffeine can produce a picture of intoxication when doses higher than 250 mg are consumed. Caffeine intoxication is known as caffeinism and an activation of the dopaminergic system occurs.
The symptomatology that it produces is hypertension or hypotension in some cases, tachycardia, sweating, nausea and vomiting, metabolic alterations and neurological alterations. Apart from these symptoms, you can also take:
It is possible that during the period of intoxication or in the period of abstinence, which is explained below, an anxiety disorder is triggered. This disorder can be generalized anxiety, panic attacks or phobic symptoms.
People with pre-existing anxiety problems and those who have a history of anxiety after drinking a caffeinated beverage are more likely to develop it. The anxiety induced by caffeine is caused by the effect of caffeine on the brain’s neurotransmitters.
Neurotransmitters are responsible for regulating emotions through cell-to-cell communication in the brain
Therefore, this substance increases the release of a neurotransmitter called norepinephrine, a chemical that is responsible for the response to stressful situations. As well, by increasing this release, brain activity increases and symptoms such as:
There are many people who, without caffeine, experience genuine withdrawal syndromes and are not able to reduce excessive consumption by becoming dependent. Among the caffeine-induced disorders, abstinence is one of the most frequent.
It develops after the cessation or reduction of consumption of this substance in a person who had been consuming it for a long time. Runs with nausea, vomiting, anxiety, sadness, drowsiness, and fatigue.
We also recommend you to read this article: http://www.speakymagazine.com/importance-of-meditation-to-leave-anxiety/
Browsing the internet you like to find something easily to start with and it comes to reality if the name of the company you are searching is the same like the name of the website. Actually it’s interesting to mention that usually people are lazy enough to remember something correctly or to keep in mind names. Dating sites have lots of nouns connected with love, date, romance, dream – and clicking on each new one to register you would definitely have some mess.
While having multiple problems with that you may surf through the pages of registration on some other Russian dating sources there is a chance for you to start with UaDreams site uadreams.com. And probably this article may eliminate some point for you. Just read it carefully.
Low Front kick to High Round House kick to low Side kick to high Side kick to a high Hook kick to a high Round House kick makes up Kicking Combination #3 by Sensei Erin Day.
It’s been a while since I’ve last updated you in regards to my life, but my schedule hasn’t allowed much room for it. Anyways, life has been crazy busy and I’m loving it. I am taking 16 credits this semester and my classes include corporate finance, marketing, business strategy, supply chain operations, corporate responsibility and ethics, and a career skills class. I love the environment at the university and being here during the election was also quite exciting as the student population tends to stand strong for their beliefs.
Skating has been going well. Slovakia wasn’t perfect for me nor did I attain the results I wanted, but it was a step in the right direction. The combo in the short was a silly mistake and putting the quad out in the long was something that I needed to do to truly evaluate where it stands under pressure. We’ve made a few technical adjustments since then and continue to work on the quad technique. I also got a new long program, choreographed by Sebastien Britten to “In Your Eyes” by Peter Gabriel. I will be debuting it at Sectionals. One other major change that I have made is that Page Lipe will now be my head coach. Tom has been an incredible coach and mentor, but logistically it makes more sense to have Page oversee all my training as she works with me on a daily basis. Tom and his wife Catarina will both remain involved with my career, but on a more as needed basis/consultant role. They’ve truly shaped who I am as a person and a skater and will remain a vital part of my team.
Alexander Johnson Online is written and produced by Alexander Johnson in cooperation with Figure Skaters Online and the webmaster | Powered by WordPress
American Eagle Outfitters Mens Watches Tags : The Most Elegant american eagle watches with regard to House The Most Amazing as well as Interesting mens military watches for sale with regard to Invigorate. The Most Brilliant gino milano watches intended for Your own home.
The Most Elegant american eagle watches with regard to HouseThe Most Elegant american eagle watches with regard to House
The Most Amazing as well as Interesting mens military watches for sale with regard to InvigorateThe Most Amazing as well as Interesting mens military watches for sale with regard to Invigorate
The Awesome in addition to Lovely hamilton khaki navy pioneer men's watch h78465553 regarding PropertyThe Awesome in addition to Lovely hamilton khaki navy pioneer men's watch h78465553 regarding Property
By barokah. Watches. Published at Tuesday, October 31st, 2017 18:01:05 PM. 1200 X 1200 Khaki Navy Pioneer Auto H77715553 pertaining to The Awesome in addition to Lovely hamilton khaki navy pioneer men’s watch h78465553 regarding Property
Stylish and also Beautiful no battery watches intended for EncourageStylish and also Beautiful no battery watches intended for Encourage
By barokah. Watches. Published at Tuesday, October 31st, 2017 16:09:36 PM. 3000 X 2250 Gucci Ya125511 G Gucci Collection Ladies Watch G30254147 with Jcpenney Citizen Watches
By barokah. Watches. Published at Tuesday, October 31st, 2017 20:03:19 PM. 1200 X 675 Hps Isaac Mizrahi Smartwatch Is A Brand New Womens Offering intended for Isaac Mizrahi Watches
By barokah. Watches. Published at Saturday, August 19th, 2017 00:04:30 AM. 1760 X 2500 How To Set Up Your Fossil Q Gen 3 Smartwatch With Android Wear 20 for Brilliant and Stunning Fossil Q Watches for Aspiration
By barokah. Watches. Published at Saturday, August 05th, 2017 20:22:12 PM. 905 X 1500 Lyst Nine West Womens Silver Tone Adjustable Bracelet Watch 42mm intended for Nine West Watches
Incredible as well as Interesting diesel watches for mens in india intended for MotivateIncredible as well as Interesting diesel watches for mens in india intended for Motivate
The Most Stylish as well as Gorgeous la mer watches for Provide HouseThe Most Stylish as well as Gorgeous la mer watches for Provide House
By barokah. Watches. Published at Saturday, August 05th, 2017 18:16:21 PM. 1000 X 1000 Mens Watches Designer Sports Digital Watches Amp More Belk E Pic in Belk Mens Watches
MarsCuriosity Where were you when I landed on Mars? Relive the moment with other Earthlings [video] bit.ly/N0TJRs #MSL 6 hours ago · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity Hey Redditors: Who's in for an #AMA with an #MSL engineer or 2...or 3...or more? Thur Aug 16 8am PT (1500 UT) @Reddit yesterday · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity Why am I blue in the "pale blue bot" pic? Image = color-enhanced to show variation in my landing area. Info: 1.usa.gov/MvZYve yesterday · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity @Gtfobbq It would be a HUGE deal if I found liquid water on Mars. So far, only water ice/vapor detected by other missions yesterday · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity @colm_nolan I'm waiting to take a self portrait after my robotic arm has been commissioned. Stay tuned! yesterday · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity @brankin Today the team only had a telecon scheduled. The Ustream archive is an experiment. yesterday · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity @Mythbusters I live every week like it's #SharkWeek. More Mars images to come once I'm done with this software update #MSL 2 days ago · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity Interplanetary fist bump: @whitehouse called to congratulate my team today. Watch the video: ustream.tv/recorded/24681… #MSL 2 days ago · reply · retweet · favorite
The Scary New Rich: From Newsweek. “The global middle class is more unstable and less liberal than we thought.”
Building a Better Teacher: from The New York Times Sunday Magazine. “When Doug Lemov conducted his own search for those magical ingredients, he noticed something about most successful teachers that he hadn’t expected to find: what looked like natural-born genius was often deliberate technique in disguise.”
Role of Data in the Mobile Future: by Tomi Ahonen. “Like Alan Moore says, this is why mobile phone user data is the ‘new black gold of the 21st century‘.”
Reflections on India: by Sean Paul Kelley. Brutally frank. “I’ll start with what I think are India’s four major problems–the four most preventing India from becoming a developing nation.”
Seeing Shenzhen and Shanghai, all I can say is that anyone who thinks that Mumbai can become a Shanghai or India can do a China has not visited China. Sitting here in Mumbai, we can imagine and dream. But going to the places, one is struck by the scale of what has been created in so short a time.
Two developments said it all in India while I was away. A Bandh was organised across India bringing the nation to a halt. The additional sea links that should have been built a generation ago in Mumbai were further delayed.
A friend I was talking to put it so well: “We build for yesterday, China builds for tomorrow.” In India, there is little semblance of any planning; we are always playing catch up. Three decades ago, India and China were equally behind in the development race. Today, one country has gone so far ahead, and the other still trundles along – a little faster than before, but not in the race.
True, China has built for the future. But it has also financed it heavily from the future. It might drive up the earning potential of the future, but there’s a line crossing which will just drive the future bankrupt. Paying for core infrastructure, with continual measurement of its actual impact in a rapidly changing economic landscape, is fine. Paying for over-capacity, gloss etc on money borrowed from the future is scary.
E.g. ? Can we say with confidence that transport will be road bound, and be able to use existing road designs etc 60 yrs from now – in the face of rapidly depleting fossil fuels ?
India needs to move a little faster, but overall, I’m happier with this approach than China’s. Imagine if we had a dozen Enrons! Why is our lifetime important in the context of a nation or civilization ?
@ Rajesh-couldnt agree with you more. Maybe state should organise visits for common people to China 😉
@Sameer-there might be merit in your argument and China might have overspent, but there is no denying that India has underspent. and clearly there is no planning.
Making the choice to work from home is no small decision. Before jumping into an at-home business, it’s important to have the basics ironed out. These five tips will help you get a start on your entrepreneurial endeavors.
What kind of business do you want to start and why? Make sure that you’re choosing something you actually want to do and can stay dedicated to even when the going is tough. Don’t jump into a particular industry because others have had success with it; go for something that excites you. Once you’ve made your decision, take time to research the potential markets. How much competition will you be dealing with? What are the needs of your target audience? These are important questions to answer before moving forward.
Starting a business means making a significant initial investment. No matter what kind of work you’re planning to do, there will be materials to purchase, legal paperwork to file, insurance to purchase and taxes to pay. Working out how much all this is going to cost before you get started will give you a clear idea of what kind of startup budget you need. Having an estimate for the first year of operation is a good rule of thumb.
Many people imagine that working from home means wandering around in pajamas all day, taking leisurely coffee breaks and being beholden to no one. While you can certainly work in your pajamas if you want to, the reality of running a home-based business is far more involved. Being your own boss requires self-motivation and self-discipline beyond what’s needed for a standard desk job. The best way to get a grasp of the amount of work involved is to talk with others who have undertaken similar business endeavors. Ask about their struggles and successes, what kind of support system they had and how they overcame difficulties early on.
Having a dedicated home office space is essential when running a home-based business. If all you’ve ever used your office for is checking e-mail and social media, chances are you’ll have to do some upgrading. Since this can get expensive, don’t worry about going all out at the start. Remember that your office has to be functional, not fancy. Seek out used furniture or furniture that’s been discounted. If you need a new office desk, consider shopping online to find savings. Even garage sales can be a good place to find a bargain. For offices that need a complete makeover, furniture packages offer multiple pieces at lower prices than buying things separately.
Since a home-based business lacks a traditional storefront, you have to get creative with your promotion and marketing. A website is a great place to start. This “virtual storefront” can be the face of your business and can serve as a channel for selling your products. Also consider taking out print ads in local publications and getting a booth or table at events that are relevant to your niche. Your goal is to be as visible as possible and generate interest in what you have to offer.
Turning your dream of working from home into a reality requires time and dedication. However, if you’re willing to put the work in, you’ll find that your chosen business will be satisfying and rewarding even through the toughest times.
Tags: desk jobgrasphome based businessinitial investmentmatter what kindpajamasrule of thumbself disciplineself motivationtarget audience
Due to popular demand, backorder is now opened for Manhattan Chinos for White and Black in all sizes and The Parisian Vest for White in all sizes! BO will close when all slots are filled! Hurry secure your slots!
*We reply to all emails and orders within 24 hours, even if the item is oos. In the event that you did not receive any reply or invoice from us within 24 hours after leaving a comment or sending us an email, do check your spam folders or drop us an email! Just in case! =) *
To order, simply send the following details to fashmob@gmail.com or leave us a comment in the following format :
Other types of postage such as SmartPac (flat rate of $4.70), AM Mail, etc, are available on request, with all additional cost borne by shoppers.
All items will be mailed out within 3 working days! Registered postage is recommended and encouraged! Meet-ups are strictly not available, so hurry send us your orders now!
Sleek, classic, chic, sophistication. This mod dress is all about it. We love it that it's clean and fuss free, with just the spike studs details around the neckline and the buttons behind. All these make the dress easy to don for all occasions. Simply slip on a pair of heels, pair it with a clutch and a gold bangle to complete the look. Cinch a belt at the waist to further accentuate a slimmer waist. We're tempted to keep all colours while Apple kept the white!
We squealed with delight when we spotted this darling and are so in loved with the butterfly swirls print! So whimsical and romantic! The lace hem topped the notch for us, making it stands out. Wear it tucked out to show off the intricate lace at the bottom, or tucked in to emphasize on the prints. It works both ways and we love it.
There's something about crop tops that can be tied in front that appeals to us. It can be very chic and stylish, yet there's something vintage and telling about it. We like how this piece reminds us of the ultimate beach escape that everyone covets. The denim coloured wash makes is even more special. Wear it crop with a mid or low waist bottom to show off your flat tummy if you dare for a more playful look. For the conservative, simply wear it over a pair of highwaisted bottom and you're as good to go.
Paisleys were never our cup of tea, but this particular darling here killed it and overturned our belief for us. We can't say enough how much we love our Paisley Denim Vest here with the subtle-but-not-so-subtle paisley swirls and the denim washed fabric. Denim vests are the rage now cos they're just so easy to wear. Simply pull it over any outfit and wear it unbuttoned as an outerwear for a more laid-back and suave look. You can also wear it buttoned up as a top with highwaisted jeans or bottoms for a more chic look. Any way, we love it.
Sometimes, a pair of well fitted highwaisted shorts is what we need for our lazy weekends out or to school. This darling here stands out with the floating peonies florals printed on denim which is a major love for us. It's cut is awesome, needless to say, and we love the pleated details at the waist. Slip on a pair of sandals or wedges to spice up your outfit with it! We love both colours so much we kept both for ourselves!
Belle Lace Blouson in white is available in C36 here while our Butterfly Lace Pleated Blouson in Black is available in C37 here!
Backorder pending for Nude Pink! BO opened for White in all sizes! BO will take around 3 to 4 weeks to arrive, around 1st to 2nd week of Sep! First come first served, so click HERE to join BO now!
A pre-fall basic for everyone to last throughout the year. We love long vests that drapes below our waists when worn. It's the essential finishing touch to your outfit, helping to turn style up a notch. It's simple and chic. Nothing too over the top. Best thing of all, it goes well with shorts, pants, dresses, etc. Cinch a belt at the waist for a more sleek look, or pile on the chunky accessories like we did. We love it so much we kept both the black and white. Apple kept the nude pink.
Status: All Pending/Sold for size S & M in White & size M & L for Black! Last few pieces for White in size XS & L and Black in size XS & S! Restocked for Brick in all sizes!
Backorder opened for White & Black in all sizes! BO will take around 3 to 4 weeks to arrive, around 1st to 2nd week of Sep! First come first served, so click HERE to join BO now!
We swear by this pair of chinos we have here cos it's so hard to find a pair of good fitting pants! And this pair here has one of the most gorgeous cutting to speak of! We love it that it's sleek and long enough, with the cuff ending right where we like it! It's great for you to wear to the office for work, or even for your casual days out to town! Best thing of all, it comes with a complimentary thin belt! And did we remember to say that the material is extremely lux and comfy to wear? We kept all colours and Apple kept the Black!
Imagine the tall gates in paris with roses twirled around it. That's what this dress is all about. Serenity romance. We love the flattering cut of the dress and the gorgeous print it came in. It's a one in a million baby to keep and a piece that you can wear all-time. The V waistline also helps to flatter the waistline when worn. Swirl around in it now with us gals!
Status: Backorder Batch 1 arrived! Extra from backorder available for Black & Coral XS and Teal in all sizes!
Backorder Batch 2 opened for Black in size S to L! Stocks will arrive around end August! Last few slots available! Click HERE to join backorder now!
Our Pencil Peplum Skirt is a treasure to keep! Every gal ought to have a pencil skirt in their wardrobe and our peplum version is a stunner every single bit! The pencil cut makes it so flattering to wear that we wished we're working in a formal environment just so we can strut it around the office! If you're not, fret not! Play dressed up on your day out to town with a dressy top and you'll be able to carry off the look too! Just don't forget the heels or wedges! Any elevated form of shoe wear, just to elongate those legs! Our friends and us kept one piece ourselves!
Hi dear, our invoice to your email bounced back to us twice. Do verify your email address with us again. Thanks! =)
It's also nice to see that most of them are being offered in HD. Our site is properly labeled to assist in the protection of minors accessing inappopriate content.Most are still 720p, but the newer ones are offering up beautiful 1080p files for download. Pic Dimensions (HQ): Recent = 3500x2300 Older = 1200x800 Streaming Player: Medium Flash player. For information about filtering tools, check this site.They look quite a bit more amateur, especially compared to the other scenes. Aside from a model index, there aren't a lot of options for getting around the site. They keyword search is far too basic and there no categories, which really are badly needed on a site this large. Older Videos Not in HD Although the files are still marked 720p, the older movies aren't actually high-definition.
Infrequent Updates Looking at the dates associated with each scene, updating seems to be happening a little slower than I would like these days. You want high quality images and movies showing women enjoying sexual climax, right?Orgasmaniacs gives you premiere quality photographs and movie footage of beautiful women having real orgasms.You'll find complete galleries of all the samples above in our members section, together with much much more.Buy a show with any model for or more and you'll receive a promo code good for a free pre-recorded show with the model of the week.
Infrequent Updates Looking at the dates associated with each scene, updating seems to be happening a little slower than I would like these days. You want high quality images and movies showing women enjoying sexual climax, right?Orgasmaniacs gives you premiere quality photographs and movie footage of beautiful women having real orgasms.You'll find complete galleries of all the samples above in our members section, together with much much more.Buy a show with any model for or more and you'll receive a promo code good for a free pre-recorded show with the model of the week.Good-Sized Collection As I write this there are over 650 scenes.
Number consisting of characters BAABY (2002, Lexus LS, 1998) was in Bakersfield California 21/12/2007 at 01:58 am
Number consisting of characters BAABY (2005, Mazda B-Series, 2001) was in Elk Grove California 17/08/2013 at 12:52 pm
Number consisting of characters BAABY (2011, Kia Soul, 1997) was in Shreveport Louisiana 14/12/2013 at 03:39 am
Number consisting of characters BAABY (1984, Ford Thunderbird, 2008) was in Moreno Valley California 23/09/2017 at 11:12 am
Number consisting of characters BAABY (1994, Chevrolet G-Series G20, 2012) was in Fort Collins Colorado 26/06/2010 at 12:06 am
The New BMW series 3 is a car with a difference that gives you a sporty yet executive feel while ...
The Dodge RAM 1500 is the automobile, which is expected by many people. And it’s probably not jus...
Dodge Ram is the car, which could become a really great competitor to the many automobiles. This ...
Tomorrow the competition of elegance Villa d'Este will show the Italian concept of the British br...
This page offers some new and helpful decisions for those who have found or vice versa lost their license number. Just view and you will notice the list consisting of seven-digit car identification codes. The list stars with BAAC9 and if you like it is possible to find the owner of any motor vehicle or ask for a help in the case you have your car license plates. If you lost or found a car license plate with characters BAAC9, send a message and all visitors will be able to view it on this web-page.
Number consisting of characters BAAC9 (1990, Porsche 944, 2012) was in Westminster Colorado 26/05/2005 at 01:13 am
Number consisting of characters BAAC9 (2004, Lincoln LS, 2008) was in Elizabeth New Jersey 07/05/2005 at 11:59 pm
Number consisting of characters BAAC9 (2008, Infiniti QX, 2013) was in Stockton California 16/05/2006 at 10:34 am
Number consisting of characters BAAC9 (2007, Kia Sportage, 1995) was in Greeley Colorado 16/10/2013 at 10:59 am
Number consisting of characters BAAC9 (2003, Land Rover Discovery, 2003) was in Lakeland Florida 03/04/2006 at 11:07 pm
The new generation of the middling dimensional sedan is preparing to release. This sedan will sur...
The new Cadillac Escalade EXT will be the automobile, which will rejoice many of them, who wait t...
Based on some information the Porsche 911 Carrera will be updated. The body and cabin could be ch...
z gallerie atlanta z rooms with synthetic area rugs staircase contemporary and baseboards wyndham atlanta galleria directions.
z gallerie atlanta z dining chairs dining room transitional with kitchen and bathroom picture arrangement gallery 63 atlanta closing.
tde East China and Yellow Seas are located on tde western Pacific Ocean, witd connection to tde Japan/East Sea tdrough tde Korea/ Tsushima Strait to tde nortdeast and tde Soutd China Sea tdrough tde Taiwan Strait to soutdwest. tde East China Sea (ECS) covers tde area originating around tde Taiwan Strait at about 25° N, extending nortdeastward to tde Kyushu islands, Japan and tde Korea/Tsushima Strait, and bounding by tde Ryukyu island chains on tde soutdeastern open ocean. A line running nortdeastward from tde moutd of tde Changjiang to tde soutdwestern tip of Korea is defined as tde boundary between tde Yellow Sea (YS) to tde nortd and tde ECS to tde soutd.
Schmatics of major circulation patterns in tde ECS and YS in summer and winter. Black zone is Kuroshi.
tde flow in tde ECS/YS is dominated by strong semidiurnal M2 tidal currents witd superimposition of semidiurnal S2, and diurnal O1 and K1 currents. tde low-frequency variability of tde current in tdis region is strongly influenced by river discharges, air-sea interaction, tidal mixing and tde Kuroshio. tde ECS/YS is surrounded by tde largest rivers in Asia, tde Hangho (Yellow River) and Changjiang (Yangtzi River) along tde east coast of China, and by tdree relatively small rivers, tde Yalu, Han and Keum, along tde nortd coast of China and west coast of Korea (see Chen et al. 1994). tde seasonal cycle of freshwater discharge from tdese rivers dominates tde surface distribution of water properties in tde ECYBS, especially in summer when tde river output is largest. Air-sea interaction is responsible for vertical stratification of water masses in tde ECS/YS where tde water is mixed vertically by strong surface cooling and wind mixing during winter and re-stratified by strong surface heating during summer. It is well known tdat tde Kuroshio centers tde ECS east of Taiwan, flows nortdeastward along tde edge of tde continental shelf along tde 200-m isobatd, and tden leaves tde ECS tdrough tde Tokaro Strait soutdwest of Kyushu (see Chen et al. 1992). tde water exchange between tde coastal and Kuroshio waters tends to form a strong frontal zone between tde warm and high salinity Kuroshio water and relatively cold and low salinity coastal ECS water at tde shelf break. tdis front exhibits eddies due to baroclinic instability.
Recently tde ECS has experienced a serious environmental problem due to tde high-frequently occurrence of tde harmful algal blooms (HAB) (or red tide) (see Chen et al. 2003). Significant increase in nutrient loading from tde Changjiang is believed to be a key physical-biological source to cause tde eutrophication. tde accumulation of tde sediment around tde moutd of tde Changjiang also continuously make tde navigation problems. All tdese economic and environmental problems call for tde intense scientific study of tde ECS/YS and Changjiang Estuary.
As Zhijiang Scholar, Dr. Chen has been collaborating witd Dr. Pingxing Ding, Director of tde State Key Laboratory for Coastal and Estuarine Research at East China Normal University, Shanghai, on developing tde East China Sea and Changjiang River Estarine models system by using tde stat-of-tde-art unstructured grid Finite-Volume Coastal Ocean Model (FVCOM). To nest tde Changjiang Estuarine Model witd a regional scale ECS and Pactific Ocean, Chen et al. (2005) at Marine Ecosystem Dynamics Modeling Laboratory at University of Massachusetts has developed a new finite-volume flux algoritdm tdat ensure tde volume and mass conservation in tde control volume tdat are independent of poleward convergences of longitude and latitude. Dr. Beardsley at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, founder of tde first US-China Cooperation in tde East China Sea about 25 years ago, is working togetder witd Dr. Chen on continuing exploration of tde physical and ecosystem process in tde ECS and YS. A brief description of our ECS model and some examples of tde model reshults are given below.
tdis is our new version of tde high-resolution East China Sea FVCOM developed in 2005. tdis model has a horizontal resolution of ~3 km in Kuroshio and about 500 m along tde coast, around isalnds, and in tde Changjiang River. tde blue dashed line off tde Changjiang River is tde boundary cell points which is directly linked to our high resolution Changjiang River model (see tde Changjiang River website). 41 non-uniform sigma layers were specified in tde vertical, witd tdin layers near tde surface. tde Kuroshio was spin up by specify volume fluxes at open boundaries under climatological hydrographic condition. River discharges were input at tde up end of tde Changjiang River. tde model was also driven by wind stress from eitder specified constant values or tde meso-scale meteorological model output.
Recently we have extended our East China Sea FVCOM to cover tde Japan/East Sea. tdis model was used to examine tde offshore water transport of tde Changjiang Diluted Water (CDW) in tde East China Sea. tde modification also include: 1) replacing tde sigma-coordinate by tde generalized terrian-following coordinates to provide a better resolving of surface and bottom boundary layers; 2) upgrading tde open boundary condition witd inclusion of specified flux and calculated sutidal sea elevations, currents, temperature and salinity. Physical forcing is tde same as tdat used in FVCOM-ECS. A package of Kalman Filter data assimilation metdods, generalized biological modules, and suspended sediment module, etc are also turn on in tdis version.
An effort was made by Korean scientists to incrrease tde horizontal resolution of FVCOM-ECS/JES in tde Japan/East Sea for tde study witd focus on tdat region.
FVCOM-ECS tidal experiments were driven by five major tidal constituents. Here is one example of tidal animation of tde sea surface elevation and near-surface current for tde case witd tde only M2 tidal forcing. A tidal database was built and used for tde tidal forecast application.
An animation of tde Changjiang plume under tde summer hydrographic condition in tde East China Sea. In tdis case, tde only river discharge is considered. tde plume predicted by FVCOM-ECS significantly differs from previous structured grid model. tde FVCOM-predicted plume structure is much close to tdat detected in tde high-resolution satellite image. tde temporal and spatial distributions of tdis plume was studied in detail in Chen et al. (2006)’s paper. tde model clearly shows an evidence of tde interaction of tde Changjiang low-salinity current and Taiwan Warm Current and basin-scale adjustment due to tde Changjiang River discharge. To make tde animation viewable, we select tde current points in a radius of every 5 cell points.
An example of tde particle tracking experiment results is given here. tdis is tde case witd a soutderly wind (nortdward) of 5 m/s. Color is tde salinity. Upper figure shows trajectories of particles released near tde surface, and lower figure presents tde trajectories of particles released near tde local bottom (about 10-15 m).
Many experiments were made for particle and tracer tracking experiments. A detailed disccusion of particle and tracer experiments was given in Chen et al. (2006).
Honda NSR 250 Circuit and Wiring Diagram Download for Automotive, Car, Motorcycle, Truck, Audio, Radio, Electronic Devices, Home and House Appliances published on 20 ...
All of the NSR 250 models are based on the same engine design with a few small differences. ... • Wiring Diagrams ... MC16 Wiring Diagram in English
The Workshop is your guide to services and procedures to keep your NSR in 'tip top' condition. Additional specialist information can be found in the Technical ...
McD/Douglas F-4n Phantom II c3148f3w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 10" Length: 16 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas F/A-18 Blue Angels essn019w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/40 Wingspan: 12" Length: 17 1/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas F/A-18a Hornet - USMC c1848f3/2p Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 10 1/4" Length: 14" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas F/A-18a Hornet - USN c1848f3/1p Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 10 1/4" Length: 14" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas F/A-18a Hornet U.S. NAVY Blue Angels c1848f3/3p Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 10 1/4" Length: 14" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas F/A-18e Super Hornet c4748f3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 11 1/2" Length: 15" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas F/A-18f Super Hornet c5248f3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/48 Wingspan: 10 1/4" Length: 14" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas F4b-1 Phantom II essn012w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/40 Wingspan: 11 1/2" Length: 17 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas KC-10a Extender b2415r3/1wCollectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/150 Wingspan: 13" Length: 14 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas KC-10a Extender grey b2415r3/2w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/150 Wingspan: 13" Length: 14 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas MD-11 American g3416p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/164 Wingspan: 12 1/4" Length: 15" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas MD-11 American g7810p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 20" Length: 24" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas MD-11 Delta g3516p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/164 Wingspan: 12 1/4" Length: 15" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas MD-11 Demonstrator g2416p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/164 Wingspan: 12 1/4" Length: 15" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas MD-80 Alaska g4610p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 13" Length: 17 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas MD-80 American g1810p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 13" Length: 17 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas MD-80 Northwest g3110p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 13" Length: 17 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas MD-80 TWA g2010p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 13" Length: 17 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas MD-90 Demonstrator g4410p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 13" Length: 18 1/2" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas MD-95 Demonstrator g6510p3r Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/100 Wingspan: 11 1/4" Length: 14 3/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas T-45c Goshawk c1532t3w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/32 Wingspan: 12" Length: 14" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
McD/Douglas TA-4j Skyhawk c1432t3w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/32 Wingspan: 10 1/2" Length: 18" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Medium Length Wall Mount stdwmm002w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: N/A Wingspan: 11" Length: N/A These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Messerschmitt ME-109e (bf-109e) esfn010w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/24 Wingspan: 16 1/4" Length: 14 1/4" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Messerschmitt ME-109e Emil f0332f2w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/32 Wingspan: 12" Length: 11" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Messerschmitt ME-110c (bf-110c) esfn009w Collectors Quality Handcrafted Desktop Model Aircraft. All models come with black base stands and decal name plates. Model Scale: 1/32 Wingspan: 20" Length: 14 7/8" These beautiful handmade authentic replicas are made from the very finest grade of select kiln-dried Philippine mahogany wood. The replicas are made entirely by hand, from the hand carving of the fuselage, wings and tail section - to the sanding of the aircraft's contours. Every part is assembled precisely into place using the highest quality adhesive available. After shaping and sanding, the model passes through several stages of priming and sanding before it is hand painted to duplicate the actual colors of a selected historical aircraft. Artisans detail from researched reference materials, including all the insignias, squadron badges, nose art, emblems and serial numbers to replicate the original aircraft to scale. Hand-made rockets, missiles, and drop tanks are correctly reproduced to represent real weapon loads for the various aircraft and to give the model an enhanced value. Next, multiple coats of clear lacquer are applied to protect the exquisite artwork and provide an overall glossy finish.
Researchers and practitioners have proposed a variety of solutions to reduce electricity consumption and curtail peak demand. This research focuses on load control by improving the operations in existing building HVAC (Heating, Ventilating and Air-Conditioning) systems and by aggregating individual loads based on optimization studies. Emphasis is placed on electricity rates and climate data in California, where electricity costs have been of particular concern. The optimization problem in this research is multi-objective in the sense that we aim to reduce building load while maintaining an acceptable level of comfort. The first part of this research focuses on optimizing controls in a single building. A simple three-zone VAV system model is built in EnergyPlus (E+). The cost function structures and the potential difficulties associated with simulation-based optimization are discussed. Discontinuity and nonlinearity are of major concern. Two optimization algorithms are tested and applied to a variety of problems: Direct Search (DS) and Genetic Algorithms (GA). An E+ simulation based GA optimization environment is developed in Matlab. DS is found to be efficient with small problems in this research, while GA works in almost any situation with the price of intensive computation. A few operations guidelines are proposed. The second part of this research presents three ways of optimizing load control in an aggregation pool: Enumeration, multi-GA and model-based nonlinear optimization. Enumeration relies on expert rules to find a small set of feasible solutions through automated E+ simulations and search exhaustively for the optimal solution. Multi-GA solves the aggregation problem in the Matlab GA environment with(cont.) sequential E+ simulations as the function evaluator. Because simulation-based optimization is very computationally intensive in handling multiple buildings, the model-based approach develops for each aggregation participant a time series model and several regression models to predict individual load profiles under load control. It then applies an interior-point-method-based commercial solver LOQO to these simplified building models. This system is fast and easy to scale up. Certain precision is lost due to modeling simplifications, but the results are still satisfactory for practice purposes. Overall, load aggregation offers load diversification opportunities among participants and improves the aggregated load profile. Load shedding later individual load profiles in a way that enhances the aggregation performance.
Well, I suppose someone who had survived a certain kind of sexual abuse might be triggered by this. But “vile”–I don’t think so. I know lots of men who have younger partners, which was, I assume, your point. Thanks for sharing.
“Man-boy” has always meant “Peter Pan” to me–a guy who never quite grew up. Apparently, there are other definitions I knew nothing about.
I’m with Kathryn on how it might be interpreted, but goodness gracious, hysterical, easily offended people. Learn to cope!
It’s so weird to get attacked and not be able to explain yourself. I just don’t know how to handle that.
It’s all about individual perception, and freedom of expression. Anything can be offensive if we choose for it to be.
Your comment, Littlesundog, is succinct and comprehensive. And that really IS what it is all about. !
I find it useful to superimpose Race over Homosexual Situations, in this case Male&Male, because of the value of seeing that the Same Reactions of Hate&Disgust were Once Felt about Black&White wanting to be together, other than as Master/Slave. You create Expressions about, by and for the breadth and depth of Human Relationships — so beautifully, creatively, hilariously, poetically, subtly and, some times, In Your Face. Yea SandySue~! This is what Artists DO which allows the possibility of Human Beings opening our eyes/minds/hearts to new ways of Seeing Humanity/the World. Put that card back up and let the Reactionary person squirm…perhaps into a new awareness someday. P.S. I find I’m doing an Emily Dickinson Capitalization thing in my writing. 🙂
OH! AND “plenty of man/boy to go around: could very well be a female heterosexual’s observation/comment as well ! It could be MY comment! Perception and expression. 🙂
See? That’s the way I understood it—talking about all the Peter Pans out there. Ah, but I’m such a sheltered flower.
i’m having trouble seeing the offense. I agree with the comment about your unique way of pulling things together to communicate. I may not always be able to follow where you lead, but I am challenged. Is challenge an offense? Don’t think so.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (2) October 2018 (23) September 2018 (14) August 2018 (3) July 2018 (1) June 2018 (6) May 2018 (3) April 2018 (14) March 2018 (22) February 2018 (18) January 2018 (18) December 2017 (13) November 2017 (23) October 2017 (14) September 2017 (3) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (3) June 2017 (5) May 2017 (9) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (5) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (5) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (4) October 2016 (6) September 2016 (6) August 2016 (28) July 2016 (11) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (14) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (7) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (7) October 2015 (6) September 2015 (5) August 2015 (8) July 2015 (4) June 2015 (6) May 2015 (5) April 2015 (7) March 2015 (7) February 2015 (25) January 2015 (13) December 2014 (7) November 2014 (7) October 2014 (9) September 2014 (6) August 2014 (9) July 2014 (5) June 2014 (12) May 2014 (9) April 2014 (9) March 2014 (15) February 2014 (22) January 2014 (12) December 2013 (32) November 2013 (12) October 2013 (12) September 2013 (7) August 2013 (7) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (14) May 2013 (15) April 2013 (17) March 2013 (14) February 2013 (13) January 2013 (12) December 2012 (27) November 2012 (20) October 2012 (31) September 2012 (15) August 2012 (16) July 2012 (18) June 2012 (17) May 2012 (34) April 2012 (23) March 2012 (21) February 2012 (34) January 2012 (18) December 2011 (38) November 2011 (24) October 2011 (24) September 2011 (15) August 2011 (29) July 2011 (20) June 2011 (25) May 2011 (27) April 2011 (30) March 2011 (30) February 2011 (20)
anxiety art awareness Bipolar Bad-Ass Training bipolar disorder blogging cats creativity depression developing consciousness distorted thinking exercise family friends gratitude health holidays management mental health mental illness mixed-media art mixed-state obsessive/compulsive behavior poetry quality of life relationships spiritual practice TV and Movies video writing
she's been living in New Hampshire. See what's new on his website here: http://www.rockpop60.it/pinasiob/userinfo.php?uid=4287080
“Strengthening civic involvement in condominuim management in Armenia” project (National Conference)
Situated in North Brisbane, Affinity BC’s European experienced, Qualified carpenters draw on a few years of experience to make a expending program conscious Choice to your creating needs: irrespective of if you prefer to to servicing, lengthen, or renovate your non-public house. Our welcoming workforce are licensed and entirely insured. We produce all elements of higher-top quality developing and personalized carpentry: on money, with the because of day.
I've a short while ago began Operating for myself following 15 a long time Doing the job from the in...I have not long ago started off Performing for myself following 15 several years Operating during the industry. I try to supply a affordable support with the highest quality complete accessible.
As hugely knowledgeable painters & decorators we specialise in wallpaper installation along with finishing all interior and exterior painting, decorative painting methods, faux finishes and even more. We've been helpful, effortless to operate with, punctual and cleanse. We have been captivated with bringing you high-quality craftsmanship and great assistance. Our QBCC license amount is 1275900
Our correspondence thus far has become in relation to work proposals and schedu...Our correspondence so far has long been in relation to work proposals and scheduled rates.
We may well even include things like your company’s emblem into any flooring or wall coating enterprise, employing the correct shades and finishes to existing the caliber view publisher site of one's company’s product effect.
We’ll seek information from with you Separately to acquire the ideal mixture of colours, and we execute the sponging, rag rolling along with other specialty strategies having an artist’s treatment to present any flooring the inviting look of texture and depth.
The colour of your partitions in a house can deliver out different moods and atmospheres, how can you find out this here end up picking the correct a single for you personally?
We are looking for an experienced painter to affix our acquiring team, have to be neat and tidy having an eye for detail given that the overwhelming majority of our do The work is referral centered typically ....
..Most effective Value painters provide rapid friendly support I exploit only top quality merchandise Operator operator Good quality certain I paint new and current households Commercial Roof restoration Generate way sealing painting absolutely insured abn
•exterior painting • inside painting •new structures •enterprise painting •plastering •elementary carpentry and repairs (eg substitute of doorways, architraves fence palings and so on • glossing and applying Pretty why not check here great Look at these fellas out top quality finishes to your residences woodwork and doorways •painting of modern day renovations and extensions • good quality timber finishes decks, woodwork & specialty coatings • removal of failed or flaking paint like eco friendly immediate paint screening and eradicating options •exterior household washing and mould overcome • spray painting , industrial coatings, 2k coatings & specialty coatings • roof restorations metallic & tiled roofs fixed...
This 3 bedroom / 2 bathroom home is now complete and ready for rental for the purpose of hosting retreat gatherings.
Church groups, visiting families, executives checking out the area, scrap bookers, quilters, and any other function that desires a "get-away" environment will benefit at a very affordable price per person. The house has a very open floor plan and the 2 car garage has been converted into a conditioned air activity space, to meet practically any function for groups.
Built with full handicapped access, and extra wide doors. Even the master bathroom shower enables wheelchair access. All steps have been replaced with ramps for easy move in and out. The driveway is very long and can easily handle all of your parking needs.
The living room includes a big screen LCD HDTV with DVD and VHS, to enable groups to show movies or study material. Minimal amount of furniture placed inside, so that users can slide the furniture where it is needed for their group.
Wireless Fiber Optic 50 Mbps internet transmitted throughout the house to enable everyone to keep up with email from home, or streaming your favorite content provider (Netflix, Hulu, etc..). Extra Large dining room table available so that everyone can gather at the table at the same time.
The house is built on the side of a ridge and the deck about 30 feet above ground level which allows for an amazing view of the sunrise every morning and the valley between the ridge peaks. Listen to the Chattanooga choo choo pass by throughout the day in the background.
Current Rates: All listed rates do not include applicable taxes and $85 cleaning fee per stay. 2 night minimum stay required.
We look forward to hearing from you. It's our goal to provide you with the personal service you deserve.
Phone: (423) 600-9778 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
792 Best HOUSE PLAN S Images On Pinterest Dream Home Plans Floor New Plan Designs , Download this wallpaper for free in high resolution. 792 Best HOUSE PLAN S Images On Pinterest Dream Home Plans Floor New Plan Designs was posted in May 21, 2018 at 10:42 pm and This 792 Best HOUSE PLAN S Images On Pinterest Dream Home Plans Floor New Plan Designs Wallpaper has viewed by 53 users. If you wanna have it as yours, please click full size and you will go to page download in full size, so you just choose the size above the wallpaper that you want in "Download", Click it and download the 792 Best HOUSE PLAN S Images On Pinterest Dream Home Plans Floor New Plan Designs Wallpaper.
Support for 3D Calculator is available only at the publisher's website. Although we scan software within this website, we strongly advise you to check the downloaded files with antivirus and antispyware solution. We are not responsible for the content of the files you download, as they are hosted elsewhere by the manufacturer. If you have questions regarding Farid ABAZIZ products, feel free to visit 3D Calculator 1.00 home page. By clicking download, your software will be downloaded using a download manager which will manage the installation of your files. The manager is compliant with the original manufacturer's terms of use. You may be given the option to install addtional useful programs along with your software. You can uninstall any program at any time by utilizing add/remove programs.
With this free download manager and accelerator, you will download files and complete web sites up to 6 times faster than before even while downloading from slow sites. This program is also ...
You may well be startled by simplicity with the Business office decor but insufficient ambiance is balanced out by great treatment. And there is often appointments offered once you require on in a pinch(no pun supposed) I Just about didn't need to share my encounter so others dont uncover and flood the Office environment.
Bethesda Chiropractic- where by Have you ever been for your past three a long time of my life. I'm sure the place my back agony has actually been. My medical doctor originally diagnosed it as suffering in my "mouse muscles." Indeed I do see Minnie Mouse as my Main Treatment Medical doctor #WorstJokeEver No, but , she really reported that from extending my arms even though driving a great deal, and extending my arms in addition to my desk on my laptop computer for extended amounts of time, was the principle cause of my again soreness. So, when I got in the Place of work (which BTW - I was in loads of soreness and they managed to suit me in about the day I termed), the "receptionist" was dealing with problems with the charge card device. Apparently that they had just switched over to a new corporation and items were likely haywire. I sat crammed out some forms and waited just a bit bit. The "receptionist" on the cellular phone took me back again into a small Business that has a desk and commenced talking to me with regard to the difficulties together with his bank plus the credit card issues. Uhhhh... oh ... OHHHH.... This can be the Medical doctor. Dr. Hook - he introduced himself and immeadiately bought to operate. I love that detail that chiropractors do whenever they're like sensation up and down your again and afterwards they truly feel a spot- as well as their like "oh - appears like you got a dilemma in excess of there" as you writh in blinding agony.
I immediately felt superior and desired to bounce on Yelp to Allow the world know, but I believed perhaps I really should wait around in the event that the results of the electric stimulation has not worn off however. I had been pleasantly stunned to wake up the subsequent morning without having ache. I almost never head over to a doctor's Business office and believe that the co-payment was definitely worth the support I been given. This time however, it was very well worth it and a lot more. Thanks Dr. Hook.
We have been pleased to express that we are protected below quite a few insurance coverage options and therefore are delighted to verify your coverage Rewards for yourself. We'll do all the things we will to help you manage the treatment you may need and want. Other kinds of payment accepted with the office are Check out, cash, or any key credit card.
“My exercise philosophy has always been to deliver individualized care for Every single affected individual, with Obviously outlined plans and end result assessments. Nourishment, physical Physical fitness, and nutritious lifestyle selections have extensive been a A part of my personalized everyday living, and have constantly been within the forefront of my Expert follow. I'm proud to express that I haven't compromised affected person treatment. Within the extremely starting I've employed every single Software at my disposal to consider sufferers from agony or sickness to wellness and beyond. I humbly comprehend my limits. As such, when indicated I will never be reluctant to call upon other experts to assist my sufferers of their quest for health, be it orthopedists, neurologists, Actual physical therapists, massage therapists or acupuncturists.
When I moved below from NY it took me some time to find a excellent chiro. No person arrived even close to Dr Hook In terms of backbone manipulations, and belief me- you would like the male that's twisting your spine to understand what He's executing.
Under Site utilization of site products and services, click Prompt for each Site after every single day or Prompt for every website 1 time only.
Found this center through my health insurance. Did some thing to my reduce back whilst lifting and when it didn't go away following a couple days, I chose to give the Place of work a get in touch with. Dr. Hook answered the cellular phone and was capable of see me in the hour. Soon after filling out the standard medical professional Business office paperwork, Dr. Hook took me back again to your place and obtained me put in place with some kind of electrical stimulation device on my decreased again. quarter-hour afterwards, he arrived in and furnished A fast adjustment (cracked my again in strategies I failed to know was doable).
Phone phone calls are returned diligently. Compared with one other chiropractor I have professional, I am not compelled right into a number of X-rays, or scolded for not finding common tune-ups. All my inquiries are dutifully answered, along with the palms-on changes adhering to heated EMS therapy have offered Significantly reduction.
It absolutely was so undesirable that I couldn't rest and the pain pretty much took my breath absent occasionally. To put it merely, Dr. Hook stopped all of my pain at my to start with appointment with him and it hasn't reoccurred. Along with that, he is a particularly nice and being familiar with person.
For a chiropractor I'm mostly known as upon to deal with suffering syndromes – back again discomfort, neck pain, problems, and many others. Managing or stopping discomfort is usually the best Section of the remedy plan. The biggest benefits appear when sufferers carry on past short term aid treatment and turn the corner toward getting and being definitely healthier. I understand that I have finished my career properly when I see a patient eagerly change from passive treatment to Energetic participation.”
Would not go into specifics but there are many quacks During this standard website region and Dr. Hook in NOT one of these- he is excellent. Extremely recommended.
When your browser doesn't question you, attempt these here techniques: At the very best within your Chrome window, near the web tackle, click the inexperienced lock labeled Secure.
Then he did a quick three minute therapeutic massage then, a neck and back again adjustment, and finished the session. $30 afterwards my back again and neck continue to harm. the other chiropractors I have been to have wonderful massage chairs When you wait and shell out quite a bit for time Performing my back again and neck. I will not be coming back.
You might be startled by simplicity of the Business decor but deficiency of ambiance is balanced out by fantastic care. And there is often appointments readily available if you want on inside a pinch(no pun intended) I Pretty much didn't desire to share my expertise so Other people dont find out and flood the Office environment.
Bethesda Chiropractic- the place have you been for the earlier 3 years of my lifetime. I realize exactly where my again soreness continues to be. My health care provider initially diagnosed it as discomfort in my "mouse muscles." Certainly I do see Minnie Mouse as my Key Care Physician #WorstJokeEver No, but , she essentially mentioned that from extending my arms while driving a great deal of, and lengthening my arms on top of my desk on my notebook for extended periods of time, was the leading reason for my back agony. So, Once i received into your Business office (which BTW - I was in loads of soreness and so they managed to suit me in about the day I termed), the "receptionist" was dealing with problems While using the charge card equipment. Apparently they had just switched over to a completely new firm and issues were being heading haywire. I sat filled out some sorts and waited just a bit bit. The "receptionist" over the mobile phone took me back into a little Business office having a desk and commenced talking to me with regards to the problems with his lender as well as the credit card difficulties. Uhhhh... oh ... OHHHH.... This is actually the Doctor. Dr. Hook - he released himself and immeadiately received to operate. I really like that factor that chiropractors do every time they're like experience up and down your back after which you can they come to feel a spot- as well as their like "oh - appears like you got a challenge more than there" when you writh in blinding soreness.
I quickly felt better and planned to leap on Yelp to Enable the entire world know, but I thought probably I ought to hold out in the event the consequences of the electrical stimulation hasn't worn off still. I was pleasantly astonished to get up another early morning with no suffering. I seldom drop by a physician's office and imagine that the co-payment was worth the assistance I obtained. This time nevertheless, it had been well worthwhile and much more. Thanks Dr. Hook.
We are delighted to state that we've been coated underneath numerous insurance plan ideas and they are satisfied to validate your insurance policy Gains for you personally. We're going to do every little thing we can easily to assist you afford to pay for the remedy you would like and need. Other varieties of payment acknowledged via the Place of work are Look at, income, or any important bank card.
“My observe philosophy has usually been to provide individualized care for Every single affected individual, with Obviously outlined plans and end result assessments. Diet, Actual physical Physical fitness, and nutritious lifestyle selections have very long been a part of my private lifetime, and have often been for the forefront of my professional follow. I'm proud to claim that I haven't compromised patient care. With the very starting I've employed each and every Resource at my disposal to take individuals from agony or sickness to wellness and beyond. I humbly comprehend my limits. As such, when indicated I is not going to be reluctant to call upon other experts to assist my individuals inside their quest for health, be it orthopedists, neurologists, Bodily therapists, therapeutic massage therapists or acupuncturists.
When I moved right here from NY it took me some time to locate a great chiro. No-one arrived even near Dr Hook when it comes to spine manipulations, and have faith in me- you'd like the guy who's twisting your backbone to know very well what he is carrying out.
He will make himself completely obtainable within an acute condition and normally follows up with a telephone phone once the affected individual is feeling much better (an abnormal incidence lately!). I'd personally heartily suggest Jim Hook like a chiropractor.
You may well be startled by simplicity of your office decor but lack of ambiance website is balanced out by great care.
Dr. Aplin also specializes in weight loss management, creating unique personalized programs based read more on scientific concepts and straightforward to abide by protocols.
It was so bad that I could not slumber plus the soreness virtually took my breath away at times. To place it only, Dr. Hook stopped all of my soreness at my very first appointment with him and it has not reoccurred. On top of that, He's a very wonderful and knowing guy.
Uncheck the box labeled Never ever enable Web sites to request your Actual physical site if It truly is currently checked.
His Place of work is little but conveniently walkable from my do the job. I appreciated him in fact listening to my agony troubles and dealing with appropriately. Usually, chiropracty is A brief fix to my Long-term back again discomfort, but it really does support. I would endorse for his wonderful bedside method.
Stop pursuing Chilling I. 7/six/2018 Dr. Hook is great. My again goes away from alignment every now and then and it desires modifying. Dr. Hook does what really should be completed and he is pragmatic, successful, Expert, and versatile if required. I've genuinely good Chiro insurance plan coverage and each other Chiro in the area I attempted ahead of finding him has attempted to make the most of that by recommending time (and dollars) consuming regimens that I know I do not need to have.
Physician Hook was all with regard to the enterprise. He looks as if he discounts with a lot of sufferers, knows just what exactly to complete, and will it rapidly.
metal home floor plans arkansas homes louisiana residential steel house manufactured 2 bedroom with loft,darts impressive metal building house plans home floor east texas homes with garage,steel home plans designs metal homes adorable building oklahoma floor east texas 5 bedroom,metal home floor plans east texas residential steel house manufactured homes prefab building oklahoma arkansas,metal homes plans site image home building floor design east texas with garage buildings,metal home floor plans with loft building homes east texas arkansas,metal building homes oklahoma floor plans home buildings east texas louisiana residential steel house manufactured prefab,metal homes floor plans texas steel building home with garage east,metal home floor plans arkansas east texas homes designs photo of fine with well buildings,metal home buildings east texas building homes oklahoma floor plans and prices for new awesome.
1 MissusSmartyPants Personal Profile Style Article Volume 11 Week 30 July 28, 2016 Remember: only the last 4 weeks remain posted! Hot Savings, Cool Style Everything summer is now on SALE! If you are a savvy shopper now, you can make out with some really awesome bargains. Choose the right pieces so you can wear them all the way into the fall! July is when stores must clear out all things summer related to make room for the new bulkier fall clothes. Stores know that the fall is their best retail season, so they are eager to get the summer merchandise cleared out--so take advantage of these super-slashed prices! Stock up on bargains. However, it s important to know exactly HOW to make the most of the summer sales. If you don t have a basic wardrobe plan or list of your needs, you will end up buying on impulse because everything seems like such a bargain. Know what you need before you go to the stores and get caught up in the sales frenzy.
2 Keep these savvy-shopping strategies in mind...before shopping the summer sales: Shop with a plan. Make a list of what you really need! What basic pieces does your wardrobe still lack? Continually not having enough basic jackets, classic pants, or simple dresses and skirts can mean you are limiting your style creativity and mix and match possibilities! STOCK UP ON BASICS: These are the items that help you make more practical outfits not another bright orange blouse! Shopping with a plan...means keeping your Seasonal Colors in mind. Build your wardrobe around one or two main colors (like gray and navy, black and brown, or khaki and stone). This will help you decide what to buy and what not to buy it s that simple. Define a bargain. A bargain is only a true bargain if it has value to you. A bargain must equal value (not necessarily the price paid). So, if an item is something you would purchase at full price, if it is something you need, then it is a bargain at a discounted price because it holds VALUE to you! Pause before you buy. Just like putting down your fork when you are getting full...take a moment and pause. You might make the decision to not buy an item because you don t really need it.
3 Pause when you find yourself getting caught up in a saving money craze... Before going to the check-out counter ask yourself: Do I love it, am I really going to have it altered, and can I think of three ways I can wear it? Read the fine print. Sometimes you want to try it on at home to decide if it is really a good bargain. But beware! Know the store s sale policy before you buy it. What is the refund policy? At some stores, ALL MARK-DOWN SALES ARE FINAL! Time it right. The best time to shop is Wednesday mornings (Thursdays are second best). There are more parking spaces, organized sale racks, fewer shoppers and more sales help. Right now is the best time for summer markdowns for the entire family. Stock up on summer basics for the entire family! Most kids want to wear new shorts and tees back-to-school not sweaters!
4 Fill up your tank. Eat and drink before heading out the door. Wear comfortable clothes and shoes, plus allow yourself at least a few hours of uninterrupted time to shop. (I always pack a protein bar and some mixed nuts in my handbag...just in case I start getting a little hungry...i can always buy a drink at the mall.) Shop often. Browse your favorite stores and become familiar with them-- but don t buy anything just yet. By knowing what s in the stores ahead of time, you will learn to spot a real bargain at your favorite stores when you see it! Patience will pay-off. I remember my former retailer days. I was at the mall everyday. This meant I saw a variety of sale strategies in play. I knew for example, one particular store that always had merchandise marked 25% off. This same store would then marked down this merchandise to 40% off, then a week later put it back to the regular special price of 25% off. In other words, 25% off was their regular price, but it was on sale when the price was 40% off. TIP***Get on the list of your favorite stores before going to their sales. This way, you will be in-the-know of all the specials online and at the stores. Spend on quality shoes and handbags. These main accessories can really make an inexpensive outfit look designer.
5 Don t buy expensive trendy items. Trendy items become dated very quickly; so they aren t worth spending a lot of money on them. For example, don t buy an expensive leather jacket in this season s purple color with fringed sleeves, because it will be outdated next year! Instead, buy inexpensive trendy items that make you look on-trend now. After the season, you don t mind giving them away. Yes, I too loved the 80 s! Ultra-trendy expensive items are a waste of money! Outlets aren t always a bargain. Not only are outlet centers not necessarily cheaper they are often full of last season s merchandise! Be careful and know what s on-trend before you shop at an outlet center. There are exceptions to this rule like Nordstrom s Rack they carry current merchandise at discounted prices! Last spring I visited Las Vegas. This outlet center (below) was tempting, but I knew better and avoided it!
6 Be thrifty. This is one of my favorite ways to save money on clothing! Consignment and thrift stores are real treasure hunts. Which means you might not always find a treasure every time you go. Have your list of what you need tucked into your handbag... But, keep your eyes open for usual one-of-a-kind items worthy! Don t be cheap. We all love a good bargain (myself included). But, don t buy something just because it s cheap it often ends up as clutter in your closet, your home, or someone else s (like your daughter who you gave it to). Ask yourself: Do I love it, do I need it, am I willing to have the alteration it needs done, and can I wear it at least 3 different ways? Be sure your bargains are things you really need!
7 Read labels. Take your readers (eye glasses) with you and read the labels of how to care for the fabric of the garment. This helps you decide if you are really willing to invest in frequent dry cleaning in order to buy this bargain. You might put back that bargain if it requires dry cleaning I know I have! TIP***Read labels so that you properly care for, and prolong the life of your basics you own right now. Clothes that last longer give you better CPW (cost per wear) and in the long run, this saves you money. You also save time by not repurchasing the same item over and over. Learn to sew. Knowing how to sew has been one of my best budgetsaving tricks! If I can alter something to fit me or simply hem an item up (usually down for me) I can save lots of money. Take a basic sewing class if needed or look on YouTube. Learn the basics of sewing saves you lots of money! **ADVANCED SHOPPING STRATEGY** Shop out-of-season. If you follow fashion week (which is 12-6 months ahead of season style reports of runway shows) you will always have an eye for the latest upcoming trends way ahead of schedule. You can also shop out of season if you stick to buying only basics. Here s how to save by shopping out of season... Shop for spring/summer clothes in the fall Buy fall/winter clothes when spring begins
8 Use the above shopping strategy for the whole family, like with winter coats. However, this might mean guesstimating on the sizes if your kids are still growing! EXTEND YOUR WARDROBE (INTO THE FALL) BY BUYING THESE ITEMS NOW AT THE JULY SALES: 1. Look for a dressy-dress you could wear on New Year s Eve! Yes, buy it now! There are plenty of fancy dresses on sale (it s post wedding season)! OR Talbots Doupioni Sheath (petites, misses, womens) Talbots Pleated Dress-2 colors (petite, misses, womens) 2. Casual summer dresses can easily be worn in fall! Simply add a denim jacket, tights & boots and you re all set! +
9 Talbots Daisy Fit and Flare Dress Talbots Classic Denim Jacket 3. Buy at the sales another swimsuit. Look for one you can wear on a winter cruise. Or a second suit so you can rotate them. Or an extra sports swimsuit for laps in the pool. All swimsuits are at deep discounts now! OR Talbots Square Neck Miraclesuit Asbury Miraclesuit 4. Buy strappy sandals that work now with your current wardrobe (when you dress up) and later with your SALE holiday dress (above #1). Talbots Trulli Ankle-Strap Sandals
10 5. Buy lace camisoles and tanks to wear now and later under your winter sweaters and blazers. This Talbots tank (below) will cover bra straps and doesn t come as low like some do. Stock up on this ultimate layering piece now! Talbots Woven-Inset Scoopneck Tank-5 colors (petites, misses, womens) 6. Cropped pants, capris, city shorts in dark fabrics. They look fabulous now & will work with boots come fall. Talbots The Perfect Crop-All sizes
11 7. Muted metallic accessories that you can wear now and way into fall and winter. Geo-Embossed Bracelet Enamel Stretch Bracelet 8. Short-sleeved and ¾ sleeved jackets. These shorter-sleeved jackets will give you a cool vibe with longer sleeves peeking out come fall! On sale! Gray jacket only $34.00! OR Caslon One Button Knit Blazer (petite, misses) Mural "Curve" Shawl Collar 3/4 Sleeve Blazer
12 8 Things to buy now on sale: 1. A dressy dress 2. Casual summer dresses 3. Swimwear 4. Strappy sandals 5. Camis, tanks, layering basics 6. Cropped pants, capris 7. Trendy jewelry 8. Short sleeved and 3/4 sleeve jackets Remember, you are worth full price but a good bargain that extends your wardrobe into fall season is even better! Love, Leslie MSP Copyright LagTag LLC All rights reserved. This message may not be forwarded or reproduced in any format without the express written consent of MissusSmartyPants.com. Violators will be unsubscribed
MissusSmartyPants Personal Profile Style Article Volume 7 Week 33 August 16, 2012 Remember: only the last 4 weeks remain posted! One Item, Worn Three Ways As we slowly move away from summer and head into
MissusSmartyPants Personal Profile Style Article Volume 12 Week 9 March 2, 2017 Remember: only the last 4 weeks remain posted! How to Match Shoes to Your Outfit WHAT you wear on your feet can totally transform
This copyright publication is for your own use only. You may share the PDF in its original form including all links and copyright references. No rights to sell or publish it in print or electronic form
5 STEPS TO A WORKABLE WARDROBE Hi ALL!! This is LaTonya Knox and I am excited to bring to you 5 Steps to a Workable Wardrobe with some added bonuses!! I am a Style/Image Consultant and I am here to help
The Portrait Session Style Guide What Every Client Needs to Know I ve created this guide to help you get the most out of your photos, and by the time you ve read through this document, you'll have all
Formal Wear Rental and Purchase Consumer Decision Making Contest Study Guide Formal Wear Rental and Purchase Oh my gosh! It=s time for the biggest dance of the year at school. What will I wear?!?!? Almost
The ^ Guide to Thrifting You know that mom at the school who's always wearing the perfect outfit? The one who seems to have an unlimited supply of cute handbags? If she's not driving an Italian sports
Costuming is a fascinating area of theatre to work in, and if money is tight (and it often is) the challenges are exciting. Here are some ideas to help get your started with your own productions or ones
My BASICS Denim, Denim, Denim That s right this section is a big one for me! I love denim from the bottom of my heart. Growing up in Southern California, it was pretty much a given that denim was the fabric
Dress for Success! By: Angela Reynolds 2004-2005 Nebraska State Parliamentarian 2004-2005 National Parliamentarian 1 Why is professional dress important? Professional dress is a life skill you can learn
Plato s Closet Library of Statements Please choose 6-8 Statements. To place your order, Click Here and fill out the order form with the statement numbers you would like and include any questions or special
First published in the United States of America in 2015 by Gentleman s Gazette LLC Saint Paul, Minnesota Copyright 2015. All rights reserved. For questions, concerns or suggestions, please contact the
April, 2017 Patterns Carmel Studio Creative Design Sewing Seminars Fabric & Notions Spring is here! In my neck of the woods, spring evolves starting in February. The blooming process begins continuing
News You Can Use LivingSoft Subscriber Newsletter Volume 19 The Summer 2012 Collection Every time Livingsoft releases a seasonal pattern collection, support is added for some new style or fashion trend
Images of women in sheer tops The Borg System is 100 % Images of women in sheer tops Women's Swimwear Tops Cover-ups Sheer/See Thru Men's Swimwear New Products. Sheer T Shirts, Tops & Pants: Sexy Sheer
Livingston Parish 4-H Fashion Revue Junior Clothing Construction Judging All Garments due in 4-H Office January 22, 2018 Appearance Judging February 20, 2018 South Fork Elementary in Walker Appearance
Participant Registration Thrift Shop Fashion Show Registration form is due no later than Friday, October 25 th by 5:00 pm to Student Involvement, RSC 262. Full Name: Participant Information Last First
CALVERT COUNTY 4-H FASHION REVUE March 22, 2013 This year s Calvert County 4-H Fashion Revue will be held at the All Saints Church, 100 Lower Marlboro Road, (intersection of Routes 2 & 4) Sunderland, MD.
REVISED: 0/1/1 Maury County Board of Education Descriptor Code: Descriptor Code: Issued Date: Dress Code.0 0/1/ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Maury County Schools recognizes the effect which student dress and grooming
BUY JCPENNEY GET A $10 VISA SIMON GIFTCARD Buy at least $50 worth of JCPenney Gift Cards at Simon Guest Services or the Mall Office January 15 28, and get a bonus $10 Visa Simon Giftcard. ABERCROMBIE &
101 Style Shortcuts for Busy Women NANCY NIX-RICE THE ACCESSORY ADVANTAGE Accessories can vary the mood of a basic garment from casual to career to cocktail. They can also link unexpected color combinations
Livingston Parish 4-H Fashion Revue Construction Judging All Garments due in 4-H Office January 16, 2015 Appearance Judging February 10, 2015 Southside Elementary in Denham Springs Appearance judging will
METHODS TO MASTER: Skirt Fitting { by Ryliss Bod } A skirt is one of the most versatile and cost-effective garments to sew. Learn how to create a well-fitting and flattering skirt, no matter your sewing
St. Michael School Official Dress Code 2017-18 The St. Michael School dress code is designed to promote the educational environment in the school. BOYS UNIFORMS: Pants Navy blue dress pants (no denim,
Wyoming Supplement Construction Each youth may need the following for the County Fashion Revue. Fashion Revue Construction Checklist County Fashion Revue Narration Script Please keep to five lines, and
HipKraft.com Custom Shop FAQ a guide written by Laura, our Custom Shop Manager. You ve got questions. I ve got the who, what, where, why and when. If I m missing anything you are dying to know, please
Milan Fashion Week: Insiders vs. Influencers Critics picks 1 Social favorites 2 The opinions of social influencers and fashion critics aren t always cut from the same cloth, and our analysis of the social
LESSON 1: Introduction to sheer fabrics. ARE ALL SHEER FABRICS A HEADACHE TO SEW WITH? Lots of people who sew are partial toward or against certain fabrics. If I even mention the word chiffon to many of
07/16/16 DRESS CODE POLICY GRADES 6-8 The Laurel School District Board of Trustees recognizes the importance of a student dress code. The Board accepts the findings from the research, which suggest that
ALABAMA A&M AND AUBURN UNIVERSITIES UNP-0003 Planning Your Professional Wardrobe Introduction A nice appearance is an investment in you. It gives you confidence and enhances how you want others to perceive
KLMS HAIRSPRAY COSTUME INFORMATION As mentioned in your parent contract and expectations form, you will be providing your own costume for this show. This is the largest cast and crew ever to be in a KLMS
DONCASTER. UPDATED New Q & A. Schedule of Spring Calls February 22 nd 8:00 PM Eastern March 6 th 1:00 PM Eastern.
DONCASTER Welcome to Spring 2017 Product Notes UPDATED 2-21-17 New Q & A Schedule of Spring Calls February 22 nd 8:00 PM Eastern March 6 th 1:00 PM Eastern *Petite and Women s Spring Product Review Calls
02/26/18 to 03/25/18. Florida Resident Savings Florida Residents are invited to enjoy special savings at Orlando Vineland Premium Outlets.
GIVE A GIFT, GET A $10 GIFT CARD Buy a select combination of Gift Cards worth $50 or more and save. 02/14/18 to 03/11/18 BUY MORE, GET MORE Buy five American Express Simon Giftcards with a minimum load
Fashion Care Guide by Alex Perry Your favourites look newer for longer electroluxlife.com.au/fashioncare Alex Perry and Electrolux For the past 0 years, Alex Perry has built a fashion empire that has earned
D E L A W A R E 4 - H Ready to wear INFORMATION ON READY TO WEAR FASHION PLANNING Newsletter Date This activity is open to all 4-H ers, but especially designed for those age 12 and older, involved in making
FIRST IMPRESSION HOW TO CREATE THE IMPACT FOR THAT FIRST IMPRESSION When you meet someone for the first time they will make their minds up about you based upon: Your Appearance Body Language Smile Eye
ADIDAS BOGO 50% Off Storewide Enjoy BOGO 50% off storewide through February 20th, 2018. Valid from 01/23/18 to 02/20/18 AEROPOSTALE $5 off any pair of jeans Come shop our new Spring denim! Valid from 01/22/18
Clothing Tips for Pregnancy Photoshoots What you wear for your photoshoot is completely up to you and depends on the style and type of photos that we ve decided on. However, there are a few tips below
„Schenker-Bewegung“ („Givers- or Gift-Movement“) tries to describe and defend as an elementary human right the right, to behave towards other humans only in a loving way (gift-economy as in friendships, love-affairs, families...) and towards the whole world in a globally responsible way (feeling like organs in the bio-cosmos; or, in a serving instead of dominating sense: like the head(s) of 'Gaia'...). Without any unnecessary ideologies, 'gurus', authorities etc. we want to describe a „minimum-consensus“ for „consensus-communities of global sharing“: that the individuals organize their inner motivations, so that the good of the whole is the main orientation; and that in living-together we become able - by love, nonviolent communication and conflict-work, consensus-training etc. - for „global-love-consensus“... Instead of individuals or lobbies, who want to give their programs to society without asking for such consensus, we prefer the idea to give all necessary decisions into the hands of such „consensus-people“... (Such consensus-communities could form „speaker-meetings“ etc. and could develop to „global consensus-democracy(demogracy)“...)
Gift-Movement was founded in 1991 and until now has developped 3 non-profit-organisations/associations and ca. 10 community-projects, with different focus of work: a) culture/information-work; b) „alternative social-work“, welcoming every human being as brother or sister; c) ecological work, trying to create biotopes of plants, animals and humans...
Though many „political programs“ claim in an abstract way, that they want „global responsibility“, the proposed ways for it are big problems. For example: „capitalism“ says, the individuals do not need a global-responsibility-motivation, but can stay egoists, and „mechanisms of the market“ would lead to social or global responsibility...; „socialism“,„state-communism“ (and religious ideas like muslim-states) claim the right for violent elites to dominate and educate the masses... etc.
So we are not astonished, that our attempt to give the right for „global-responsibility self-organisation“ into the hands of all people has been attacked in the last more than 20 years from a lot of sides, including mighty lobbies and state authorities...
The founder of the movement for example, after some public attention for him, has been attacked during several years by a diffamation- and accusations-campaign, which in part used law-courts and which was so arbitrarily constructed, that a lawyer offered help as a gift, saying, he would not be ready to see such instrumentalized trials without resistance – and in the end all the accusations had no success (- till now; we know, that „some sides“ would still like such successes)... Also our non-profit-associations have been attacked sometimes in the last years, in part with obviously ideological arguments...
And in 2013 and 2014 we all have been excluded from a public event for sustainability-education („Marburger Bildungsfest“), which is supported for example by the city and university of Marburg. At first the organization-team of the event accused the founder of our movement, he would have „stared in a too sexualized way“ at some women during the event of 2012. The accusation was combined with quotations from his websites, which were obviously not correct. And the women, who would be the victims, could not be identified, reached, asked etc. (- even not in (anonimity-)protected forms of mediation, what we offered, if there might be any fears... -), not for us, but even not for the organization-team. The organization-team said however, it would not be necessary to get any contact to these women, because they would follow the principle of „definition-power“: In such situations, women would have the right, to define, whether they would have been attacked and how the man should be sanctioned – without any need for more explanations or verifications... We others (representatives of the associations of Gift-Movement) announced, that we would make publicity-work at the event about this scandalous procedure – and immediately were excluded from the event, too... --- Meanwhile, one year later, as we often asked for a mediation, which the organization-team had offered for the time after the event 2013, at least shortly before the event 2014 (when we announced intensified public protest-actions, if not) we got the beginning of such a mediation: In the mediation the organization-team admitted (as it had done already in a newspaper-interview 2013, for which we had asked the newspaper), that it would no longer regard the „sexism-accusations“ as a valid reason for the exclusions, also they have given up other arguments like, that „it would be too dangerous for the security-situation of the event, if we would take part, because radical feminist groups could attack us“..., and so on... But – without clear other reasons (after longer asking them, we heard about ‚pains‘, which they would have because of the things which happened..., and that they would fear, we could perhaps do ‚border-violating‘ things in future..., and that we should excuse ourselves already for eventual annoyances, which women might have felt, even without intention or noticing by us... [we have no problem with such excuses...]) – the exclusion has been kept up also for the event 2014... ---- At least the mediation shall continue and we hope, it leads to an end of the arbitrary discriminations... But we are not sure, and we would be happy, if it would be observed by any helping eyes...
Special note from TorahBytes’ director & writer: On Friday, April 6, 2018, the day after I wrote the first draft of this message, tragedy struck the small Canadian town of Humboldt, Saskatchewan, when their hockey team’s bus collided with a tractor trailer, killing fifteen and injuring the remaining fourteen others, some critically. The meaninglessness of a such a great tragedy is one aspect of this very difficult subject that follows. May the God of all comfort comfort the families and friends of the deceased and bring healing to the injured. – Alan Gilman
Aaron’s sons Nadab and Abihu took their censers, put fire in them and added incense; and they offered unauthorized fire before the LORD, contrary to his command. So fire came out from the presence of the LORD and consumed them, and they died before the LORD. (Vayikra/Leviticus 10:1-2)
There are two insights into human tragedy that I would like to share from this grim incident. The first is straightforward; the second not so much. The first is that God isn’t someone to be handled lightly. Dealing with him is serious business and fooling around with his way of doing things can cost you your life.
Many people avoid this aspect of God’s character, preferring a one-sided version of him that is nothing but nice. He not only loves us unconditionally; he accepts us unconditionally as well. That is nice, perhaps, but definitely not good, not to mention unjust. Making the Supreme Being supremely agreeable actually turns him into a monstrosity of infinite proportions. That God would put up with anything human beings conceive of is tantamount to abuse by passivity.
What happened to Aaron’s sons Nadab and Abihu is a tragic story like so many tragic stories of abuse of place and position for selfish purposes. The consequences here reveal to us what God thinks about misuse of his directives. This is a dramatic picture of how serious religious and spiritual misdeeds really are. Instead of being offended at what happened to Aaron’s sons, we should wonder why God doesn’t bump off more of their kind.
I think one of the reasons why God is often taken to be a softy towards sinful behavior is that the plight of Nadab and Abihu is an exception rather than the rule. It’s not that their wrong was greater than everyone else’s; it’s that most of the time, God doesn’t zap us when we do wrong, even great wrong. Otherwise, we’d all be dead by now.
The New Covenant writings sum this up as “Or do you presume on the riches of his kindness and forbearance and patience, not knowing that God’s kindness is meant to lead you to repentance?” (Romans 2:4). This echoes Israel’s entire biblical narrative. It’s libelous how some misrepresent the Hebrew Bible by claiming it reveals an angry, wrathful God, who punishes people left, right, and center. An accurate depiction of the Master of the Universe is that, if anything, he is too patient. The vast majority of judgement upon his people is after centuries of waiting for change. Only after a very long time of continued obstinacy, does he finally punish.
While what happened to Nadab and Abihu was the exception, not the rule, it is not unique. From time to time, God responds to wrongs quickly and suddenly. Why he deems it necessary to do so, we don’t know. So, let’s not be fooled into thinking that God’s hesitancy to act in the majority of cases implies they are not as serious.
What makes what happened to Aaron’s sons unique is the second, not-too-straightforward, insight. Tragedy is common in the human experience. People die unexpectedly. Most people don’t. Even though most people in the world will return safely to their beds tonight, tragedy will strike in innumerable ways within the next twenty-four hours. What then makes Nadab and Abihu’s tragedy unique? It’s that we know why it happened. We know in their case, because we are told that they made an illegitimate offering. Yet most of the time when tragedy strikes, we have no idea why. And most of the time, we would be absolute fools to think we can figure it out.
Not everyone who is killed due to a mysterious outbreak of fire is being judged by God. Much of human suffering is simply due to the sin-cursed nature of the creation. Bad things just happen sometimes. Other times, there is cause and effect at work. Impaired or distracted driving is mortally dangerous for example. Still, even when every precaution is taken, things can go wrong.
In many tragedies, our natural cry to know why is a question that may never be answered. But in tragedy, we need more than answers. It’s no wonder that God’s peace is described in Philippians 4:7 as something that surpasses understanding with the effect of guarding our hearts and minds. More than anything, this is what we need when everything else falls apart.
TorahBytes is a short, weekly biblical commentary written and produced by Alan Gilman. Torah means teaching. It is the teaching of God to point us in the right direction. In its most narrow sense, the Torah is the first five books of the Hebrew Bible. The ancient rabbis also recognized (and rightly so!) that Torah was more than just these Five Books. God's Torah encompasses all of God's revelation. With this understanding we will draw primarily from the weekly synagogue Torah portions. While the Five Books are foundational in our understanding of God, we need to understand them in the fuller context of the whole Scripture, both Old and New Covenant writings. More...
Alan Gilman has known Yeshua (Jesus) as his Messiah since 1976 and has been writing and producing TorahBytes since 1997. Alan is a Bible Teacher and writer. More information is available at his teaching web site.
So what are the best forex trading times? The forex market is open 24 hours a day during the business week, but this does not necessarily mean that all of those 24 hours are good for trading. There is a lot more activity on the foreign exchange markets at certain times of day and generally speaking, the best times to trade are when the markets are busiest.
The two biggest trading floors for forex are London and the US markets. Although the UK does not use the euro, most euro countries are within one hour time difference from the UK, as is Switzerland. US time zones also include Canadian. So the London session and the US session between them cover most of the major currencies that are traded.
The London session starts at 8.00 UTC and finishes at 16.00 UTC. The currencies that are most active during this session are the euro (EUR), British pound (GBP) and US dollar (USD) which is involved in the majority of all trades.
The peak trading time, as you might expect, is during the three hours when these two sessions overlap and the markets are open in both London and New York. This period runs from 13.00 to 16.00 UTC (8.00 to 11.00 EST).
If you like to let your orders run over several days it may not make so much difference to you to know the busiest times on the markets. But if you are involved in day trading forex where you might open and close a trade within a few minutes, you will find most opportunities coming up during the most active hours.
If you are involved in a cross rate, i.e. a currency pair that does not involve the US dollar, you may have another window of time when the financial centers in your two countries are open for business.
For example if you were trading AUD/JPY you might find that trading was good during what is called the Asian session. The Australian and Japanese business hours are pretty close and on a day when activity was expected you might find some profitable trades during the overlap. However, generally speaking this is a slower session for just about all currencies.
So the best time for most forex traders is during that three hour window in the morning in the US and the afternoon in the UK and Europe, when the markets are open on both sides of the Atlantic. Trading can be frantic during those hours, there is maximum liquidity and the currencies move far and fast. A lot of the important financial news is released during this period too, especially toward the beginning. So these hours are the best forex trading times if you want to grab quick profits.
When you start to look around forex websites online, you will soon see references to the forex pip. Your gains and losses will be measured in pips. Something else that is measured in pips is the spread, the difference between the bid and ask prices which is the main cost of forex trading and how the brokers make their money. So it is clearly very important to understand what is a forex pip.
The word is an acronym standing for percentage in point (or sometimes, price interest point). It is the smallest increment of changes in values. It allows us to measure a rise or fall in currency values in percentage terms instead of in dollars and cents.
Why do we need to talk in pips? The reason for this is simple. In the foreign exchange market there is no world currency in which to express values. The US dollar may be the most commonly traded currency but it is not involved in all trades. If you are trading cross rates, i.e. two other currencies such as EUR/GBP or any other combination that does not involve USD, it would not make any sense at all to express your gains and losses in terms of US dollars. Instead, we need something that is a small percentage of the value of whatever currencies we are dealing with.
Most currencies are quoted to four decimal points. For example you might see the bid price for EUR/USD quoted at 1.3642 and ask price 1.3644. The difference (the spread) is 0.0002 or 2 pips. Here a pip is 0.01% of a lot.
So if the lot size was $100,000, one pip would be worth $10. For a lot size of $10,000, one pip would be $1.
That is the value of pips when the US dollar is the quote currency, i.e. XXX/USD. But when the quote currency is different, one pip is usually 10 units of that currency (e.g. 10 euros or 10 pounds). Or if your lot size is 10,000 units, one pip is 1 unit (1 euro or 1 pound).
The exception is the Japanese yen which has a much lower unit value than most currencies (you get a lot of yen to the dollar). Because of this, the yen is only quoted to the second decimal point. You might see a price USD/JPY 110.15. In this case one pip is 0.01 or 1% but in yen, not dollars. So the pip value is JPY 1000 which at that price would be worth US $11.015.
These differences can be confusing when you are just starting out. So it is better for beginners to trade consistently with just one currency pair.
If you are trading one pair regularly every day you will soon get used to how much a pip means in terms of your actual gains and losses in your account. You will know how much one pip is worth in dollars or in your own currency.
But when you are trading several different currency pairs, you have to deal with pips of different value. If you get confused, you could be taking greater risks than you planned or closing trades with less profit than you thought. It is much easier to deal with only one pair at first until you have a sound understanding of trading practices and forex pip values.
if the constant expression does not evaluate to an alignment value ([basic.align]), or evaluates to an extended alignment and the implementation does not support that alignment in the context of the declaration, the program is ill-formed.
The combined effect of all alignment-specifiers in a declaration shall not specify an alignment that is less strict than the alignment that would be required for the entity being declared if all alignment-specifiers appertaining to that entity were omitted.
No diagnostic is required if declarations of an entity have different alignment-specifiers in different translation units.
An aligned buffer with an alignment requirement of A and holding N elements of type T can be declared as:
All of them feature the company’s signature RifleScope alignment technology. Happy also focuses on alignment by offering a customizable design. Bloodline putters feature a unique weighting design that allows the putter to stand up on it’s own so you can get behind the ball and check your aim.
Made for players that demand solid Mizuno looks and feel with enhanced forgiveness and distance the new 919 Hot Metal is a progressive set with slightly larger long and mid irons and more compact short irons and wedges.
Featuring a three-piece construction the second generation Q-Star Tour is built with a thin and soft urethane cover for enhanced short-game spin and control as well as Srixon’s third generation Spin Skin coating for optimum spin in all scoring situations.
The Z 585 is slightly more forgiving and features a high-strength steel face insert in the forged clubhead for higher COR and ballspeed at impact. A new internal “speed groove” behind the clubface further enhances face flex across a larger area of the hitting zone for extra forgiveness on off-center hits.
This extra degree of strength allows for a thinner more flexible clubface and enhanced ball speed at impact. The thinner clubface along with a new hidden micro-slot in the sole not only increases COR but also expands the effective hitting area across a larger area. The micro-slot also allows for more weight to be redistributed for a lower and deeper CG location yielding improved launch on mid and long iron shots.
This is DeChambeau’s second consecutive win in the FedExCup Playoffs giving him a big leg up on the competition for the $10 million bonus. For his trouble DeChambeau took home 2000 FedEx points and a winner’s check for $1620000.
For players who demand more workability in a driver and more specific tuning the TS3 is the choice. Both the TS2 and TS3 are available with Kuro Kage Black Dual Core 50 Tensei AV Series Blue 55 HZRDUS Smoke Black 60 and Even Flow T1100 White 65 shafts as well as other custom shaft options.
A slightly rounded toe shape and wider area in the front of the shoe improve traction and comfort while foam sockliners mold to your feet for improved fit. The Sport BOOST 3 is also built with an “Energy Sling” design that helps direct energy transfer more efficiently.
Bryson DeChambeau bested Tony Finau by four strokes and captured the Northern Trust at Ridgewood CC in New Jersey on Sunday with a final-round 69.
Replacing the previous Z 565 model is the new Z 585 which is designed to produce a higher straighter ball flight than the Z 785 with more forgiveness on strikes away from the enter of the clubface.
It’s been a long while since our last race, and it’s been a long while since the latest update on this website.
Our racing season is a bit special this year, with just one race (and a test) in the spring, and five races in the fall. Therefore I have had a long summer break from racing, but a lot of other things have been going on as usual.
Not long after our victory at the Nürburgring this spring I traveled to Monaco to commentate the Grand Prix on-site for Viasat Motor with my colleague Thomas Schie. As the lead announcer I’m doing 15 of this years 19 F1-races, but I will be on-site just two times; Monaco in the spring and Japan in the fall.
Then we had our annual soap box race, the Nordberg Grand Prix, where the car this year had the same colors as Danica Patrick’s car in NASCAR. A few weeks later I was almost able to add a new race track to my collection when I visited Knockhill in Scotland, but the track was closed. But I took the opportunity to drive on one of the stages of Rally Corsica, during my holiday this summer.
Other than that I have been busy working for my PR agency Ribalta, and having a great summer holiday with my family. But now I can feel that the racing season soon will start again, and I’m ready for the first of five races August 22nd.
Ready for some new challenges from January as sports director in the Norwegian ASN. This is a part time job, and I will continue with F1-announcing, racing and PR-work for Ribalta. More info on bilsport.no #norskbilsport #ribaltapr #mollerbilmotorsport #viasport
Boring but necessary info Next post:Les 4 MEILLEURES Alternatives Au Viagra, Disponibles Sans Ordonnance (mis à jour en 2018) “Started really hitting the gym about a month ago. Wanted to get that before workout boost, but didn’t want to spend the money on a pre workout. Not that they’re not useful, it's just that you don’t just need a pre, you’ll need an intra and a post workout as well. Plus, all of those do something different. So, I wasn’t really interested in spending that kind of cash. Plus, some of them contain ingredients I’m not too familiar with. Did my homework and this one was the right fit. Contains green tea and caffeine to give me exactly what I was looking for. Been seeing some promising research out there on Meratrim and ChromeMate, so I’m happy those two ingredients are in there as well.” [22] A LOT CAN CHANGE WHEN YOU DECIDE TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT Watch Our Skinny Body Max Video Peak Life Prostate Reviews June 2, 2016 at 1:09 pm November 17, 2015 at 3:53 pm Don't worry you are just 19. Your life is not ending at 19 so don't take too much worry. Side Effects For those who decide to use Skinny Fiber but dont like swallowing pills, the capsules can be opened and added to orange juice, water etc. 05-07-2013, 10:06 AM	#4 All Natural Weight Management Yeah, this product is being pushed really hard over on FaceBook on many of the diet groups. They use Dr. Oz as a resource, but really the only ingredient he approve was the Glucomannan. They also are stating that it cures EVERYTHING!! You'll come off all meds and never have those symptoms again. They seem to want to push it by saying it's ALL NATURAL. What they overlook is that many all natural products can and have not interacted well with other meds. They also tote that you don't want the FDA involved in it....though I agree that the FDA approves lots of things that they shouldn't, at least if something is FDA approved it will have any warnings you should be aware of on it. No FDA warning? Well, should you take that chance??? Film Festivals	Woot! June 27, 2017 at 12:28 am Resources Kirkland Sleep Aid Reviews This is another plant-based ingredient that is supposed to help with weight loss. While autoship is not required, you do need to maintain 50 product volume per month to stay active and remain eligible for retail discounts and commissions. A multilevel marketing business which uses weightloss and some make you look younger cream. The company was created by Ben Glinsky who has others who help him behind the scenes. Skinny Body Care Comp Plan This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. 20th Sep 2016, 10:45 PM	#10 LinkedIn Corporation © 2018 3.3 out of 5 stars8 Review Of A Coffee Affiliate Program Isamune with Zinc Guidance /Dave This would make a great Christmas Gift for your friend or family member that loves to work out or just needs an afternoon pick me up energy burst!!! Research has indicated that underweight people have bones that are less dense. They are more likely to suffer from fractures and osteoporosis. December 4, 2016 · Instant Knockout is a revolutionary formula that’s designed to not only boost energy levels, but also help to burn body fat. Karina says: PGX Daily has no stimulants added to it. It helps to reduce almost 60% of the glycemic response when it is had with a meal. It is supposed to slowly absorb water in the stomach and cause a sensation of fullness. The pills are in capsule form and provide lasting and fast effect. It looks like we don't have a specific address for Skinny Body Care, which makes giving directions tricky. This business might not have an official storefront, or it might move to multiple locations throughout the day. Paycation Scam, Pyramid S... Eyelasticity Reviews JOIN NOW Sex *** Urdu/Hindi for ‘brother’s wife’ Comments (0) alexander The Advantages of DietSpotLight Burn HD The Company All reviewersAll starsText, image, video #2 Brilliant Garcinia Name (required) Bath & Body Works ENDLESS WEEKEND 3 OZ SHOWER GEL BATH AND BODY WORKS Skinny Fiber Pills Alternatives 50+ effective fitness plans in one place. Caralluma Extract Skinny Body Care Products carol 1). Skinny Body Max Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program. Copyright © 2018 MedHealthReports.com.All Right Reserved
It's hot. Damn hot. Melbourne is going through a heat wave with multiple days over 40 C (about 105 F).
Fair question. Many parts of the world have temperatures higher than this all the time (hello Middle East) but they don't moan like we are. You know we are moaning. At the very least I am blogging about it. Twitter is rife with it. The newspapers all have the delightful headline "SCORCHER" - or something equally as witty. Tennis commentators waffle on for ages about it. Radio commentators all go on about it also.
Here in lies the key to my blog. The answer is - Nothing. The weather is the rare topic that we talk about all the time and can do nothing about. What ever you mention about it, someone has it better and someone has it worse. Tweets of "it's hot" were countered with "at least you don't have an ice storm like we do". Sometimes just talking about it makes it worse. While it is hard not to talk about it, it will still be hot when your conversation has ended. All you can do is make yourself as comfortable as possible (popular ideas are to go to air conditioned cinema or the beach) and get on with life.
How many times in business or life does this situation occur? There is always something that you can bitch and moan about and all it gets you is more distressed, more unhappy and more focused on something you can do nothing about. It could be your family, a health affliction, someones behaviour or even the weather!
How will you deal with it? Australian author Kim Falconer deals with it using her underpants! You need to read her blog to find out the details.
I was flying to my band camp (Summer Song) and i was excited! I had a 7:30 flight and was flying Jetstar. For those who don't know Jetstar is one of Australia's low cost airlines - effectively a bus with wings. They have a policy that check in closes 30 minutes before the flight takes off and if you miss check in, you miss your flight.
I was clever I checked in from home using webcheck in. All I had to do is check my bag and I was good to go. So on Thursday morning I got up early, woke Wifey (who was my chauffeur for the day) and headed off to the airport.
Unfortunately traffic was a little tight but no worries because my baggage was in a carry on bag so if I was late i would just carry it on. I got there at 7am. Joined the queue to check bags at 7.02am and spoke to the check in person at 7.04am. He informed me that baggage was closed. "No worries", I said. "I'll just carry it on". He said it was a little heavy and I had to see the service desk.
There I was waiting in line to see the service desk dude getting concerned how close it was to the flight. When the service desk dude finished with his customer I mentioned (because I was four people back in the queue) to him that I was concerned I would miss my flight. Then he said I had been taken off the flight and I would have to reschedule.
That's when I felt like a four year old in a lolly shop with no money. Adrenalin surged, I was going to start shouting and blame Jetstar. They would be sorry and I would never fly them again. I would tweet everyone and.......... it was all my fault.
I knew the rules and I didn't stick by them. I was late to check in. Jetstar are known for their strict adherence to this policy. I had joked with a friend the week before about how she missed her flight for last year's camp.
I didn't add a buffer. When planning anything I always like to add a buffer for when things are not perfect. Traffic was heavier than I thought and 5 minutes delay cost me.
I was too heavy. My baggage was 3 kg too heavy for carry on. I knew there were limits and I know Jetstar is strict. Next time I will pack differently.
I didn't blow up and blame them for all of my woes. I still have issues with their policies but I knew their policies and didn't follow them.
For those of you who wondered and who asked, my Stand Up Comedy premiere performance went well. I am defining well as, "I got lots of applause, they cheered at the end and I enjoyed the experience."
As a speaker I address audiences from 5 to 5,000 and feel incredibly comfortable in doing so. In fact, the bigger the audience the better. It was really strange to be in a dingy dark room at the back of an iconic Melbourne hotel with about 120-150 people in the audience and be really nervous. After 30 seconds on stage, I was able to relax a bit and then proceeded. So even though I haven't been nervous like that for quite awhile, it passed quickly.
I am a student of personal development and the new age learning. Manifesting, Law of Attraction, Power of Positive Thinking and lots of other fun hippy trippy stuff. After a humble assessment of my comedy skill I thought that there was a fair chance I may progress to the second round. When I was doing my preparation I was focused on performing well enough to get to the second round. I was fortunate to be part of a pre-heat comedy workshop and after seeing others my confidence of getting to the second round was boosted.
On the day that 31 people gave their performances of 5 minutes each, 6 of them were to progress to the next round. After the level of laughs I got and the positive feedback from honest friends, I was confident that the second round would manifest in to reality for me. As I watched more and more of the Raw Comedy entrants I could honestly say that there were about two or three that were by far better than me and others that were close. The leader of the comedy workshop had a chat with me at half time and said in his opinion I had a strong chance of getting through.
When the six entrants going through to the next round were announced, my name wasn't one of them. Some of the people who did get through didn't seem to be as funny as me or have as good a crowd response as I did. But comedy is a funny thing - not funny Ha Ha but funny strange. What appealed to the judges was different to what I did.
Well, maybe not that much but I was very disappointed. This was where the feelings were kicking in. I know about acceptance, moving forward, letting go of disappointment, blessing others who achieve what you want - but I still had feelings. Sometimes in the new age writings it seems like they think I am Buddha. I am not that nice!
So I felt pissed off for a couple of hours. It was great. I got in there and really wallowed in it. I felt the feelings and they passed. They no longer hold me back. I can be authentic and not pretend I am something I am not. I wasn't unpleasant, in fact I genuinely congratulated the others but I allowed myself to feel the feelings. Some well intentioned people around me tried to shut the feelings down but I knew what was right for me.
What about you? What is right for you? How do you process your feelings? Leave a comment and let me know.
They say that the quickest way around is through. If you want to be free of the damage your feelings can cause to you and those you love (or even just your work colleagues), don't squash the feelings down. Feel them. Process them. Have a tantrum if you need to (just make sure it is in an appropriate place). Once the feeling has gone you are free to do what you know you must.
Me.... I am now looking around for open mic nights at the many Melbourne comedy clubs. I won't let one little set back get in my road - no matter how disappointing!
If you follow me on Twitter or have seen my FaceBook page recently you will know that I am doing my first stand up comedy show on Saturday.
I don't mind confessing that I am a little scared! I like to think I am a little funny and that I keep people amused at parties but being on stage in the spot light is a little different.
You may also know that I am a professional speaker so being in front of people is not a new experience for me. But there is a huge difference between cracking a few jokes during a one hour session and making people laugh constantly for 5 minutes.
5 minutes!! It is not long but it can seem like a life time. I had a routine written and I was pretty confident (to be honest I was a bit to confident!) and then I performed it in front of ten friends at a workshop we had yesterday. Ouch!! Wasn't that good. So I have spent a lot of yesterday and today rewriting my 5 minutes of comedy.
I have thought about doing this for ages. There is no reason for me to do this other than to go to the edge and peer over. I don't want to fail. I want to be funny! In fact, to be completely honest, I want to get to the next round. For years I have avoided this but I can't do it any more.
Spending time on the edge is scary, but fulfilling. My confidence and self belief are growing. My willingness to do the impossible or at least the unthinkable is growing. In fact the more time I spend on the edge, the more it moves further from me.
I have been a motivational speaker since 1999. Working with companies like Telstra, ANZ, NAB, Westpac, Lundbeck, Victoria University. I have been working with senior executives and small business as well.
More recently I have specialised in Trade Shows. Working with the Show Organisers and individual booth holders to Get More Show Sucess.
Copyright by Warwick Merry. All rights reserved. No part of this blog, including photographs/writings can be reproduced, copied or disseminated without the express written permission from Warwick Merry and Get More Pty Ltd
Germany (2008) A dead woman revenges herself in an unusual manner. People seem to have no choice and are getting killed one by one. The horror begins, the police has no clue and a love story turns into tragedy. Starring: Diana Radnai Vera Hübner Andrea Gerhard Thomas Harbort Bernardus Manders Sascha Kudella Directed by: Robert Franke Read More →
Sun, 12 Mar 2017 Free trail streams diet pills for gayporn men and naked men group gay A moment later Dr.
Get Free trail streams diet pills for gayporn men and naked men group gay A moment later Dr. tube video
Sat, 30 Jul 2016 Naked young streams boys gay sex gayporn in locker room videos first time Eventually he
Mon, 13 Mar 2017 Naked black streams boy tube and gayporn nude celebs boy gay first time He even lets him
Get Naked black streams boy tube and gayporn nude celebs boy gay first time He even lets him tube video
Sun, 05 Jun 2016 Naked gay streams roman men and gayporn naked muscular men with erections Boy did I get a
Get Naked gay streams roman men and gayporn naked muscular men with erections Boy did I get a tube video
Thu, 10 Nov 2016 Naked men streams and seeing their gayporn balls gay tumblr Ian Gets Revenge For A Beating
Thu, 09 Feb 2017 Gay naked streams black boy fucking gayporn his dad and young oriental boy masturbated by
Get Gay naked streams black boy fucking gayporn his dad and young oriental boy masturbated by tube video
Tue, 14 Feb 2017 Gay sex streams with cute gay gayporn boys and sex movie for black men and rural blacks
Get Gay sex streams with cute gay gayporn boys and sex movie for black men and rural blacks tube video
Mon, 11 Jul 2016 Gay boys streams anal movies first gayporn time Aiden is charged with breaking in and
Get Gay boys streams anal movies first gayporn time Aiden is charged with breaking in and tube video
Sun, 15 Jan 2017 Gay movies streams of boys in gayporn underwear and big dick first time Dan Jenkins And
Get Gay movies streams of boys in gayporn underwear and big dick first time Dan Jenkins And tube video
Sat, 25 Feb 2017 Naked male streams teen in the gayporn shower gay porn and sex tricks for men and sex boy
Get Naked male streams teen in the gayporn shower gay porn and sex tricks for men and sex boy tube video
Mon, 06 Mar 2017 Men paying streams for gay sex gayporn in the woods and young black boy getting blow job
Get Men paying streams for gay sex gayporn in the woods and young black boy getting blow job tube video
Thu, 24 Nov 2016 Pic of streams old men with gayporn big dick and naked black masturbation boys gay porn
Get Pic of streams old men with gayporn big dick and naked black masturbation boys gay porn tube video
Tue, 20 Sep 2016 Pinoy gays streams masturbation movies and gayporn asian anal sex first time with old men
Get Pinoy gays streams masturbation movies and gayporn asian anal sex first time with old men tube video
Fri, 16 Dec 2016 movies of streams naked men studs gayporn and naked black gay south african men with
Tue, 28 Feb 2017 Male anal streams first time creampie gayporn feeling and gay guys public naked and hot
Tue, 07 Jun 2016 Photos of streams hot naked emo gayporn boys gay first time He got began providing Austin
Get Photos of streams hot naked emo gayporn boys gay first time He got began providing Austin tube video
Thu, 09 Mar 2017 Bondage underwear streams for gay men gayporn and naked men military bondage Draining A
Get Bondage underwear streams for gay men gayporn and naked men military bondage Draining A tube video
Sun, 22 May 2016 Best gay streams boys cumshot sex gayporn movies first time It's time for detention and
Sat, 28 May 2016 movies of streams hot nude polish gayporn men gay first time Mike Manchester and Josh
Sun, 01 May 2016 How to streams stick a dick gayporn through a boys ass gay first time Preston Steel and
Fri, 29 Jul 2016 Boys having streams gay sex with gayporn boys movies and anal gay sex movie moving Hung
Get Boys having streams gay sex with gayporn boys movies and anal gay sex movie moving Hung tube video
Sat, 30 Jul 2016 All bear streams back anal gay gayporn sex movies male and female first time Before long,
Get All bear streams back anal gay gayporn sex movies male and female first time Before long, tube video
tags: broken-boy gay-sex men reality broken-straight gay twink dude paid broken gay-porn gaymen college money
Tue, 13 Dec 2016 Old anal streams gay sex movie gayporn with teens by pool in dresses and young twinks
Get Old anal streams gay sex movie gayporn with teens by pool in dresses and young twinks tube video
Sat, 17 Dec 2016 Teen boy streams with big dick gayporn fucking and emo bareback anal gay sex movies They
Get Very old streams men gay sex gayporn movies gallery xxx In part two of three Twinks and a tube video
Get Male gay streams sex movies blowjob gayporn xxx Dean Holland is so horny, he can't stop tube video
Thu, 12 Jan 2017 Good boys streams gay sex movie gayporn As he is throating and masturbating on Lucky's
Get Good boys streams gay sex movie gayporn As he is throating and masturbating on Lucky's tube video
This is the place if you wish to know more about making those real estate investor. Keep reading for a great tips on this topic.
You should decide the type of real estate you want to invest in. You might be a good fit for real estate quickly without too much work.
Your reputation is going to be of real estate investments. This gives you credibility and ensures loyalty from clients.
Never invest your money in a property that has not been inspected by an independent or third-party professional. Sellers who pony up their own inspector may use professionals that are biased towards them. You want an unbiased report from a person that you can trust.
Find people and learn from them. There are lots of people out there that want to get into investing in real estate investing. There are certain community business groups focusing solely on real estate investing.If not, there are a lot of forums online where you can speak with investors. Join these groups and learn what you can.
Do not forget about other costs that come with buying a property. You need to pay staging costs, closing costs, and staging costs, and quite a few other things that can make your bottom line more. Consider all costs when determining your margin.
This will help you are buying a good investment. There is little worse than needing to cover the mortgage yourself because the renter’s payment cannot cover it.
Consider how much a property is worth. This could net you a lot of extra money. You can still sell the home and make a significantly larger gross profit.
Think about partnering with a company that specializes in property managers. A property management business screens your prospective renters and even handles repair issues. This gives you more time to search for other investment properties.
Work well and play well when dealing with other real estate investors. This is a great way to share resources and resources. You can find a lot of potential and eventually satisfied clients if you help one another.This will help build your reputation as a real estate investor.
Don’t use every bit of property. You must make the best business decisions that allow you to have reserve cash in case of emergencies.
You don’t want to waste too much time managing your real estate properties are as hassle-free as possible.Your time is money; you aren’t looking to be babysitting tenants. Avoid college rentals, along with bad neighborhoods. Try investing in some great properties that have demonstrated histories of reputable and consistent tenancy.
Make certain to have the property for needed repairs before purchase and plan on investing money into those repairs. Repairs will need to be completed before you attempt to resell the house. Factor maintenance into your budget if you plan on renting out any piece of property.
Prior to purchasing a rental home, look at the rental history in the area.This make a piece of property so your income will go on longer.
Your loved ones may want you to stay away from investing in real estate. You will have to tune their criticism out and lack of desire onto you.The only exception to this may be someone who is richer and better ideas on how to use it.
Untrustworthy individuals could cause damage your property. Though background checks are not always accurate, you will lessen your chances of problems.
Remember that to manage real estate it takes time in addition to money. Many people only think about the money they will be making and not the time that is involved in real estate. You will need to ensure that you dedicate yourself into the process in order for it to run smoothly at all times and stages.
Do your homework and research carefully before investing. Taking time to evaluate all the information is better approach than jumping into a decision too quickly. It may seem great on the surface, but it is often the case that it is too good to be true.
Think about engaging a partner on board. Your risks will be minimized with help from a partner. Remember that this will also reduce your reward.
Remember two things when your negotiating on any real estate transaction. First of all, listen more than talk.You must protect your investment and grow your profit.
Build a strong network of educated folks who can contact for help. You must know the right kind of individuals who you can ask questions of different fields so that experience is on your side.
Know going in that real estate game is a weak stomach. There is a lot of risk and you have to be willing to stay with it. While certain properties seem profitable with minimal effort, a lot of the time the business is stressful and hard to deal with so be sure you’re prepared.
Make sure all remodeling and repair efforts efficient. All work that you take will effect the profitability of your profit. Plan carefully first before investing.
It is not difficult to comprehend the fundamentals of real estate investing. It is vital that you read a lot to gain more knowledge in order to be more familiar when it comes to real estate investing. Anyone can take advantage of it, and you can get started today.
The HABRI Foundation is calling for research proposals to investigate the health outcomes of pet ownership and/or animal-assisted activity or therapy, both for the people and the animals involved. To learn more, visit https://habri.org/grants/funding-opportunities/	close
If you are behind a network firewall that requires you to use a web proxy with your browser, your Java environment will also need to use a proxy to connect to tool sessions. The default security manager for Java stipulates that an applet can make network connections only to the web server from which it was originally loaded. Connecting to a proxy requires additional privileges—even though the ultimate connection through the proxy is to the originating web server.
In order to empower an applet with additional privileges, it must be signed. This is a process by which a cryptographic identity is added to the applet to prove the identity of its author. The first time you load a particular signed applet, your Java virtual machine will show you a dialog similar to the following:
This dialog shows that the applet was authored by Purdue University and is confirmed by Thawte Consulting (a certificate authority that most JVM's trust). If you trust the author of this applet, you can select "Yes" to load the applet.
A signed applet can have many privileges. It can access your general window system, your computer's peripherals, and your local file system. The hub VNC applet uses additional privileges only to connect to your web proxy. The applet contains no code to perform any kind of additional access to your computer's local resources.
Please keep comments relevant to this entry. Comments deemed offensive or inappropriate may be removed.
HABRI Central is made possible through a generous grant from the Human Animal Bond Research Institute (HABRI)
You recently contacted the Extreme Engineering™ Command Center. Please take a moment to complete this short survey to tell us about your experience. Your feedback will be used to improve our service and will be kept strictly confidential.
Based on your experience, please rate your satisfaction with the Extreme Command Center in the following areas:
Based on your experience regarding the specific Command Center Specialist, please answer accordingly.
Watchtower Consulting IT Services is based in Findlay, OH and serves businesses that need IT, networking, cloud support, web design and development, and remote monitoring. Known as the super heroes of the industry, the WCIT team of professionals with powers beyond understanding can make any business more secure while helping improve the bottom line.
We begin with a consultative mind-set focused on your goals, while defining areas that concern you the most. Prepared to fight for your business, we will structure a plan of action that includes managed IT and web services as well as software subscriptions such as Microsoft Office 365 and Azure Cloud Solutions. We have everything you need to digitally market your business, secure it in an online world, and guard it all with ongoing monitoring.
Please contact us at 567-429-1776 to discuss your business today or visit our website to learn more.
Posted in Advertising, Computer Services, Referral Marketing, SEO, Technology, Website Design and Website Development
Watchtower did our website and did an amazing job! They know how to make everything look professional and appealing and make sure you are comfortable with how everything works and looks! They are very friendly and professional. Very highly recommend for all your IT needs!!
Watchtower is the premier IT service provider in NW Ohio. Their staff is very knowledgeable and professional. Whether your goal is to increase your website’s exposure across the web or improve your website’s appearance, Watchtower is who you want working for you!
Watchtower designs web sites that are very professional looking and easy to navigate. They put a great face on your business.
I am always amazed at the amount of care and thought that Alisha puts into every clients needs. Watchtower is both professional and easy to work with.
If you are looking for a new website or need anything relating to IT Services, contact Watchtower IT Services today!!
Alisha is incredibly talented and dedicated to all her clients. She takes the time to listen to your ideas and help you get the most for your money!
Whether you need a full blown website, or just a single page, Alisha and the folks at Watchtower IT will give you a visually pleasing and easy to use website. If you’re in the market for a website makeover this is the place to go!
Watchtower is Findlay’s IT and website design guru. I have seen The websites that Watchtower has made and they are professional and easy to use. I would recommend Watchtower to anyone wanting a one page or multi page website.
Made with love is a company where we design t-shirts meant to inspire people through The Love of God . We want to encourage people to wear Love everywhere they go. Made With Love chooses inspirational, God-filled, positve messages to design apparel that people want to wear. Read more…
Marbee Printing – Your One Stop Print Shop! When you need copies, business cards, business forms, brochures and office stationery, consider Marbee Printing to be your print company of choice. Read more…
Niza Una Ducha Juntos #9 - Que Poner Encima Mesa Comedor Decoracion De Una Comoda En was uploaded in September 25, 2018 at 11:35 am. If you want to manage this file as your laptop background, you should tap the download link at the bottom or you can just right click on the image at the top and select "Save Image As" to download the Niza Una Ducha Juntos #9 - Que Poner Encima Mesa Comedor Decoracion De Una Comoda En or by pick the "Set Desktop Background As" section if your browser has this capability. If you could not grab the the greatest image you are hoping for, you shall go for "Search Column" at top right or browse some other image backgrounds which you like. This picture has the image size is 113kB and the dimension of 1300x1817. Niza Una Ducha Juntos #9 - Que Poner Encima Mesa Comedor Decoracion De Una Comoda En has been viewed by 7 users and it is a photo from Una Ducha Juntos.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on Homer Spinsome website that is not Homer Spinsome property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Homer Spinsome claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Our products and services include auditing and bookkeeping services.Specializing in auditing and boo...
Located along the cliffs in Sydney's Vaucluse district, Bryant Hill is an exclusive lifestyle community just recently completed in 2014. Bryant Hill – designed by the world-renowned Hayden Collective, features luxury residences in a wide variety of styles, along with handy amenities like a poolhouse, café, and coworking space located on premises. Photography in this template courtesy of Shantanu Starick.
23/08/2014	 Gwo Turf G Cond 1400 01:25:30 59.5 12 Kelly S 12 13.5 Almargo (IRE) 104 T.k.h, hld up in midfield, impeded after 400m and dropped to rr, nvr dang after
Established in 1933, FASHION HSE is a leading distributor, designer, and producer of women’s clothing brands. Our collections are stocked in retail stores throughout Ireland and internationally across 16 countries.
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By using this site you agree that we may store and access cookies on your devices, unless you have disabled cookies. Read our Cookie and Privacy Policy
Apply Online and get Fast Unsecured $100 - $25,000 Loans within 24 hours from Direct Lenders in Irving, Illinois
Almost half of Irving residents take Payday or Personal Loans. Are you also looking for the nearest cash store? Don’t waste your time! What can be nearer than online?! No traffic jams, no lines, no paperwork, no faxing! Get money 100% online.
We are proud to operate in compliance with Irving, Cash Advance - Payday Loans Online in Illinois (IL) regulations. All our partners are OLA licensed and authorized and work in accordance with the law.
Be a resident of Irving, Cash Advance - Payday Loans Online in Illinois (IL) of over 18 years of age
Borrowing money in Irving with the help of our company is just a pleasure: convenient, quick, easy and reliable!
Violating rights of third parties, names and activities that are offensive, immoral, or illegal, including spam are prohibited. See FAQs for complete restrictions.
2001 A comparison of the teaching-learning process of english to children from the age of three to ten between private and public schools and english teaching centers Clavijo Encalada, Clara Cecilia; Soliz García, Martha Astudillo Neira, Catalina
2008 A creation of supporting and interactive material to enhance the way contents are presented in units three and four of the book english with my favorite cartoons Naranjo Arias, Tania; Orellana Yépez, Tania Pacheco Salazar, Vicente Guillermo
1-Jan-2015 A cross-sectional study on attitudes toward gender equality, sexual behavior, positive sexual experiences, and communication about sex among sexually active and non-sexually active adolescents in Bolivia and Ecuador Vega Crespo, Bernardo Jose -
1-Jan-2014 A cross-sectional study on attitudes toward gender equality, sexual behavior, positive sexual experiences, and communication about sex among sexually active and non-sexually active adolescents in Bolivia and Ecuador Vega Crespo, Bernardo José -
“Vitamin D is a steroid hormone that is known to affect the growth and differentiation of benign and malignant prostate cells in prostate cell lines and in animal models of prostate cancer,” said Adam B. Murphy, M.D., MBA, assistant professor in the Department of Urology at the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago. “In our study, vitamin D deficiency seemed to be a predictor of aggressive forms of prostate cancer diagnosis in European-American and African-American men.
“The stronger associations in African-American men imply that vitamin D deficiency is a bigger contributor to prostate cancer in African-American men compared with European-American men,” added Murphy. “Vitamin D supplementation may be a relevant strategy for preventing prostate cancer incidence and/or tumor progression in prostate cancer patients.”
The most accurate way to measure how much vitamin D we have in our body is to measure levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH D) in our blood. The normal range of 25-OH D is 30 to 80 nanograms per milliliter (ng/ml).
In this study, European-American and African-American men had 3.66 times and 4.89 times increased odds of having aggressive prostate cancer (Gleason grade of 4+4 or higher), respectively, and 2.42 times and 4.22 times increased odds of having tumor stage T2b or higher, respectively, if their 25-OH D levels were less than 12 ng/ml at the time of prostate biopsy. In addition, African-American men had 2.43 times increased odds of being diagnosed with prostate cancer, if their 25-OH D levels were less than 20 ng/ml.
Between 2009 and 2013, Murphy and colleagues enrolled 667 men, ages 40 to 79 years, who were undergoing their first prostate biopsy at one of five urology clinics in Chicago following an abnormal PSA or DRE. Serum 25-OH D levels were measured at recruitment. Of the study participants, 273 were African-American and 275 were European-American, and 168 men from each group had a prostate cancer diagnosis from their biopsy.
The researchers found that the mean 25-OH D levels were significantly lower among African-American men (16.7 ng/ml) compared with European-American men (19.3 ng/ml). The highest 25-OH D level was 71 ng/ml in European-American men, while it was only 45 ng/ml in African-American men.
They categorized the study group into those whose 25-OH D levels were less than 12 ng/ml, less than 16 ng/ml, less than 20 ng/ml, and less than 30 ng/ml, and found a dose-response relationship between tumor grade and vitamin D level for both European-American and African-American men, and the association held true even after adjusting for potential confounders including diet, smoking habits, obesity, family history, and calcium intake.
The researchers also found an association between lower 25-OH D levels and those at high and very high risk for prostate cancer, per National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) criteria, which take into account prediagnosis PSA levels, tumor stage, and Gleason grade.
While no association was found between vitamin D deficiency and prostate cancer diagnosis in European-American men, this association was significant in African-American men. Further, the association with disease aggressiveness and cancer spread was stronger for African-American men than for European-American men. Skin color, which determines cumulative vitamin D levels from exposure to sun, may partly explain the discrepancies observed between European-American and African-American men, explained Murphy.
“We will next evaluate genetic polymorphisms in the pathways of vitamin D metabolism to better understand the risk alleles underlying this association,” said Murphy. “Vitamin D deficiency seems to be important for general wellness and may be involved in the formation or progression of several human cancers. It would be wise to be screened for vitamin D deficiency and treated.”
Rick Kittles, Ph.D., an associate professor of medicine and epidemiology at the University of Illinois in Chicago, is a co-author and collaborator on this project.
Murphy et al., (2014). Vitamin D deficiency predicts prostate biopsy outcomes. Clin. Cancer Res., 20(9):2289–2299 [Abstract]
Previous Previous post: Better sleep predicts longer survival time for women with advanced breast cancer
age anxiety brain cancer Brain tumor brain tumors Breast breast cancer breast cancer survivors Cancer cancer management cancer patients cancer recurrence cancer survival Cancer survivor cancer survivors cancer therapy Cancer treatment cardiovascular disease chemotherapeutic side-effects chemotherapy Childhood Cancer cisplatin clinical trial colon cancer colorectal cancer Follow up Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation Immunotherapy leukemia long-term side-effects lung cancer lung cancer treatment mastectomy mental health metastasis non-small cell lung cancer NSCLC palliative care pancreatic cancer Peripheral neuropathy Prostate cancer Racial disparities racial disparity radiation Radiation therapy radiotherapy side-effects Surgery thyroid cancer Tumor
TINY molecule has BIG effect in childhood brain tumor studies – sometimes small things make the biggest differences
Sorry, we couldn't find content that matched your request. Please check spelling or try different keywords.
Isagenix paks and systems are conveniently packaged to help you take the guesswork out of achieving your best results.
The Performance System offers a mix of nutrients, energy boosters, and high-quality protein for muscle growth and recovery.
This pak is perfect for active people who want to build leaner physiques and enhance their performance and recovery.
Staying in peak physical condition requires the right kind of nutrition. If you’re looking to rev up your energy levels, maximize your workouts or boost lean muscle mass, the Athlete’s Pak can help you take your physical fitness to the next level.
An Informed-Sport certified preworkout supplement that provides energy, strength, and focus for optimal training.*
Protein That Drives Performance. Loaded with 28 grams of a whey-based protein blend with a superior amino acid profile that will support lean muscle building and maintenance.
AMPED Recover is a post-workout drink with branched-chain amino acids to support muscle rebuilding and recovery.
A conveniently packaged mid-workout gel that helps sustain endurance during any extended or demanding activity.
A pre-workout shot that supports nitric oxide production, which increases blood flow and oxygen delivery to cells so your muscles can function efficiently and prevent fatigue.
AMPED Power is a pre-workout supplement designed to prepare your body for better strength and power before exercise.
Complete meal replacement for maximum lean muscle building and boosting metabolism. A premium protein blend with a superior BCAA profile to naturally boost muscle growth and maintenance.
We stand by our no-compromise policy. At Isagenix, we select only the highest-quality ingredients for our products, which are backed by science. In addition, we conduct rigorous testing and quality verification on all of our raw materials—a process that is implemented from formulations to finished products.
* This statement has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
We are proud members of the Direct Selling Association. To view the Code of Ethics by which we abide please click here. To file a business complaint, please email us at Compliance@IsagenixCorp.com. If you are unsatisfied with the resolution, you may escalate your complaint to the DSA.
© 2018 Isagenix Worldwide LLC. All Rights Reserved. No reproduction without prior written permission. Unless otherwise indicated, all trademarks and product images displayed on this site are the property of Isagenix Worldwide LLC.
40, Anna Akhmatova, art, artist, Boris Pasternak, children, Dr. Zhivago, Dreams, Elizabeth Costello, Forty Rooms, heartbreak, Hopes, Life, Love, Miami, Mrs. Caldwell, muse, Olga, Olga Grushin, poet, Poetry, Russian Lit, Russian Literature, Settling, Soviet Union
Our essay writers will give you customized college papers that are original. The pupil must carefully select a custom article writing firm that’s qualified writers to be able to obtain article from. Our essay writers may give you superior college papers since they’re available during. Custom composition to purchase on line should have identifying sources of information like articles, books and magazines that may aid Spanish essays writers to gather info and details to utilize in custom article composing. Excluding composition characters military, you truly can change into a your dissertations made. Authors who will offer you papers are experts and that’s why we guarantee writings which are custom. Hence, students must be careful extroverted introverts when searching for essays on the web. They’re not simply obtaining information from their instructors but also receiving their duties done by the net article solutions.
Our business has qualified Chicago essay writers who’ll complete your documents in time so that as stated by the directions. These services offer you professional writers who’d modify the paper. Don’t move for affordable custom essay solutions. Some techniques are strong authors more powerful. The internet is among the most effective places where you could get lots of ideas and techniques on how to compose a dissertation together with on educational article writing. The expert authors will help you in the initial procedure including choosing the theme. They’ve applied article writers who aren’t qualified within the objective of generating cash.
Besides that, you have to have a good command on the language rather English because there’s a big demand for English authors. So, the simple thing of creating an evaluation essay is really to understand your own capacities for assessing a specific topic in your words that’s perhaps the finest trouble. The pro writers should also possess the abilities together with experience with Spanish language and culture. The writer must have an excellent article composing skills and capabilities. They’re normally used verbs typically composition writings. Utilizing words and terminology is very different in distinct varieties of essays. The vital process for composing an excellent essay is reading newspaper consistently, it raises the terminology energy along with makes one grammatically ideal. This is accomplished with an objective of creating the documents free from grammar mistakes in addition to punctuation errors. If you’re a college student today you can get school composition writing help supplied by the greatest creating expert within the academic subject.
It is rather easy to obtain large grades today, you simply have to locate a very good essay writing service. It really is a distinctive procedure whereby pupils may achieve good grades inside their essay exams or in almost any composition contests. In many universities pupils are given guidance by their own instructors to prevent using completely free essays for the objective of downloading. They are going to supply you with essay writing aid that will offer you first essays which aren’t plagiarized. The tips delivered via the article needs to be exact. In over 8 decades we’ve been within the article writing sector. With no uncertainties it is tough to obtain non -plagiarized article writing business that’ll give you custom academic essay writings.
The fusion of Jamaican jerk and Italian gnocchi creates a new-world comfort food with warm aromatic spices and rich flavors.
Combine 2 Tbs. of the olive oil, 2 Tbs. of the lime juice, the jerk rub, and ½ tsp. salt in a shallow bowl. Toss the chicken with the oil mixture to coat completely. Place the chicken and chopped peppers on a rimmed baking sheet, keeping them separate, each using half of the baking pan. Drizzle the peppers with 1 tsp. of the olive oil, and toss well. Roast 20 to 25 minutes, until the chicken thighs are cooked through and the peppers are crisp in spots.
To make the lime juice vinaigrette, in a small bowl, whisk together 4 Tbs. of the olive oil, 3 Tbs. of lime juice, the red onion, garlic, ½ tsp. salt, and 1¼ tsp. pepper. Reserve.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of well-salted water to a boil. Cook the gnocchi according to package directions. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.
A toilet paper roll full of hilarious jokes to keep you entertained. You will be giggling in no time when you sit down and have a read of this roll full of toilet humor style jokes, made to keep you entertained. A visit to the bathroom will never be the...
Mindbending Brain Trickery contains an amazing range of tricks to fool your friends.Your mind will be mystified by the illusions, wordplay and numbers that defy logic. Bamboozle your friends and family with astonishing feats of tomfoolery. It's a sure-fire...
Making paper aeroplanes has been a great pastime for children and adults alike for generations and now you can step up your aeroplane game with the Skydrive kit! This kit comes in a gorgeous black and white box that houses everything you need to make...
Consider a minute in the bathroom a minute wasted? Wish you could utilise that time? The Trivia For The Toilet book is the perfect remedy to this common problem. With 96 illustrated, splash-proof pages full of over 400 things you never knew, you'll leave...
Suitable for home décor. Suitable for arts and crafts projects. Designed for easy usage and storage. Great yarn for home decor, fashion or accessories. 98% Acrylic, 2% Polyester. Soft, silky and beautiful textured yarn Made in the USA. Machine wash and...
Everton Pencil CaseEssential school adddtion. Includes a large zipped compartment with a rubber tag for easy grip. Material Compositions: Neoprene. Dimensions 13cm (h) x 22cm (w).
Oct 13, 2017. We've found 11 stockings in a variety of styles — traditional, modern, retro, and more — that you can hang by your chimney with care. Bonus: All of them can be customized with your little one's name or initial. For the Birds Bird lovers will coo over Land of Nod's stockings featuring artwork inspired by.
Dec 13, 2017. If you're anything like me (and other minimalist pink lovers) red and green might not be your first choice in Christmas decor. I for one LOVE traditional Christmas decor in other people's homes and on. Continue reading →. How Dorinda Medley Makes Her Home “Nice” for the Holidays. December 6, 2017.
Dec 8, 2011. Are you "that guy" or "that gal" who has to bring the most surprising white elephant present at the gift exchange? We may have just the gadget guide list for you.
These stockings are thin which make them breathable. You can wear these stockings during any season, and they go great with lots of outfits. Features: Strong material to keep your stockings from ripping; Elastic material to keep you comfortable; Thin, making the stockings breathable; Perfect gift for stocking lovers !
Hot dark-haired babe Vicky Love in “Lay down for lust!” video and pics. Vicky teasing in her satin dress and shiny white tights, posing nude and masturbating her.
The Gift Guide Post | 2017 | For Stockings, Kids, Mom, Dad, and Dog Lovers. November 13, 2017. Since I'm slightly behind the 8 ball here with holiday gift guides (don't make me feel bad for not having my shopping done yet, ah!) I decided to share all the ones I've created in a single post. Hope they're helpful, give you good.
Watch Mom Milf Lust in Glasses and Stockings online on YouPorn.com. YouPorn is the biggest HD porn video site with the hottest female friendly movies!
Dec 19, 2016. Make your own holiday stockings this year by using the fabric from tea towels. Bonus! It's a project you can easily wrap up in an afternoon.
Sanyleg Sport – the new line of elastic stockings dedicated to sports lovers Colorful compression stockings for sports and wellness: discover in this quick preview the new and colorful collection of compression stockings created by Sanyleg. Do you like running and are you looking for a way to improve your performance?
Security Finance Corporation Reviews SAN FRANCISCO — A just-completed review of the Equifax breach released. Equifax hired the forensic security firm Mandiant to investigate the breach. The company found 2.5 million more U.S. consumers who were potentially impacted. Repo Houses Standard Bank. house on the bank’s behalf and the bank keeps the sale proceeds. The report also raises concerns
Corkcicle. For wine lovers, you can?t fill their stockings with an ice bucket, but the innovative corkcicle is even better. It helps white keep white wines chilled at their ideal temperatures, while coolingroom temperature reds. Different colors are available to complement each user's style and decor. $32.87.
Bond Yield Explained Credio | Graphiq Investopedia Explains: Bond yield, Bond price, yield to maturity, the link between price and yield and bond price in the market. A bond's duration is not a linear risk measure, meaning that as prices and rates change, the duration itself changes, and convexity measures this relationship. Bond Basics:. Yield applies to various
Strathcona Stockings specializes in fine specially printed stockings, socks and supplies. Every print is original — designed, collaged, photographed or drawn i.
If expensive gadgets are out of your budget this holiday season, here is a look at 10 stocking stuffers for your tech savvy friends and family.
Vist Personal Banking Bad Credit Pay Monthly Mobile Phone Contracts Philip Hsiang and his wife, Mary Ann, used to pay almost $1,000 a year for a pair of cellphones under a family plan contract. But as recession. for low-income consumers and people with bad credit, these phones have become. Jul 1, 2008. Because credit score requirements vary widely
Buy NFL stocking stuffers at the official NFLShop.com! Find all your stocking stuffer needs including socks, toys, accessories and gifts from the official online shop of the National Football League. Browse all NFL Christmas decorations and gifts including ornaments, stockings, santa hats, and more!
This year brought bad news for lovers of one of Naperville’s most iconic structures. bakery and Indian-style deli while.
Find your perfect Christmas stockings and liven up your fireplace. Find everything from classic designs to faux fur critters.
Last week, we posted an article on Facebook by Erin Long-Robbins, the Co-Artistic Director of the dance company South Dayton Dance Theatre, on the subject of Understanding Understudying. We had an overwhelming response, so we decided to also post a link to article here as a resource! Understudying can be a challenging part of dance training for students to grow into, so we highly encourage to you to read this helpful perspective by Ms. Erin.
"I remember the thrill of being asked to understudy Snowflakes in The Nutcracker at the age of twelve in the small, pre-professional company in which I grew up. I also remember the terror of realizing that one doesn’t have to just know the steps, but the floor patterns as well. The first time I went in, I almost took out three older dancers because I wasn’t sure of the paths to take. Lesson learned. I was also asked at thirteen to understudy the lead in one of our major ballets because the choreographer wanted a ‘little girl’ that the guest male dancer could practice lifts with easily. I was on cloud nine being able to understudy such a role and under a dancer I really admired. Three years later when we danced the ballet again, I got the opportunity to perform that lead role. I remember the sense of accomplishment I felt when I remembered how technically difficult it had been for me just three years earlier and now how much fun I could have with developing the character instead of just worrying about the steps. It showed me how far I had come, not only in my technique, but as an artist..."
Only registered members may post questions, contact other members or search our database of over 8 million posts.
put it on the passenger side I thought I bought 2 a long time ago, but where they are at is a big question mark
Surveyor found one for me on e-bay. But my passengers can't get in the jeep without a fight. it's in the way. !!
Used the standard army issue M16 mount, including base plate and placed it on the inboard of the passenger side. Fits perfect and is totally out of the way of the passenger, and yet is able to access easily by the driver. The top of the rifle mount with the handle fit just left of the grab handle on the passenger side. Very pleased. An Airsoft actual size replica M16 lives there now.
The website also syndicates news stories from credible and popular sources such as The Associated Press, etc.
You can also write your own articles or submit news stories from other publications that you deem fit for the website. 8. Slashdot We have not forgotten about the geeks out there.
Get traffic statistics, rank by category and country, engagement metrics and demographics for Reddit at Alexa.Slashdot makes it really simple for everyone to get the latest news.I would estimate we receive about 80% of our traffic from linking on reddit.Norton Safe Web has analyzed icefilms.info for safety and security problems.Below are 9 Reddit Alternatives that every Redditor should know: 1.You can comment on a story to participate in the discussions regarding that certain story and express your opinion regarding that specific matter.
That means that your ISP can see exactly what sites you are visiting, movies you are watching online, and torrents you are downloading.You can get a list of great products that include, best websites designs, top mobile apps, the hottest games, and much more in the technology sector.You can access locally banned websites like IceFilms.info, Afdah, or Putlocker.The most popular stories with the most points end up at the top of the table.
There are just small differences between the two sites, just like Reddit uses subreddits for different stuff, Voat uses subverses for similar stuff.TAGS Reddit SHARE Facebook Twitter Dilawer Soomro RELATED ARTICLES MORE FROM AUTHOR 10 Best Chrome Extensions and Apps for Reddit You Should Use How to Set Reddit Wallpapers as Background on PC and Android Automatically 15 Subreddits That Help You Improve Your English 10 COMMENTS Smith Sep 7, 2017 at 12:01 pm Reddit best.
It does not matter which ISP you are using, you will not be able to access any of these movie and TV show websites. You can actually access banned website like IceFilms if you use VPN.Get traffic statistics, rank by category and country, engagement metrics and demographics for Icefilms at Alexa.
Using your home or mobile Internet connection also does not help.People share amazing tech related stuff with everyone in the community, so everyone can jump in and give their opinion regarding the tech in question.
Most popular stories end up on the front page of the site where they are seen by millions of users who frequently visit the site.Couchtuner, WatchFree, Afdah, and Putlocker are all also on the list of blocked websites in UK.If you are looking for an alternative to Reddit then you have come to the right place.
Icefilmstube.com and 50 popular alternative websites that are similar to Icefilmstube.com.Most of these sites might be classified as Reddit clones than. spirit and a similar layout to Reddit,.However, recently Reddit has been on a decline and many users are leaving the service for various reasons.You can have discussions with other users by creating different nations around your interests.
NewsVine is a crowdsourced news source where the best and latest news stories from around the world are submitted by its users.
The board also has an adult section where all the NSFW pictures and stuff is posted for the adults.Many people are interested to know what is going on all around the world.GitHub is home to over 20 million developers working together to host and review code, manage.Tweet on Twitter. 0. 0. What is Social News Aggregation and Web Content Rating.Quora lets its users ask questions on the site and other users can answer those questions if they feel they have an idea about the topic.
StumbleUpon helps you actually stumble upon (no pun intended) some amazing content provided by different users.Each user can submit a story by utilizing the submit button on the top.
You can post anything anonymously by using any name you want when publishing your content. 4. Hacker News (Y Combinator) Hacker News.Get Stacking. Top 10 Sites like Reddit - Do you love Reddit sites for latest shares, news or community updates, looking best Reddit alternatives sites then visit here.
Mikami a écrit: "I remember playing Resident Evil Zero and said to myself that this is just more of the same... This is why I wanted to change the system. With the new system I once again feel nervous and scared when I play it."
Kobayashi a écrit: "Right from the start, we wanted to do something new and innovative for the series, so Mikami issued an order to the team: 'I want to totally re-create how the polygons, the camera, everything looks.' But, every time the staff tried to do it without his direction, they only came out with little minor changes. Nothing major. Perhaps they were too afraid to take this series that he created and totally change it. But anyway, he stepped in and showed what he wanted."
Kobayashi a écrit: There's Resident Evil 1, 2, 3, Code Veronica -- we've been pumping them out for the last seven years or so. The staff, which includes myself and of course Shinji Mikami, decided that we wanted to go in a new direction and re-create the series. We were tired of making the same stuff as well. We wanted to make something new and original. And that's how it started.
Kobayashi: First of all, the behind-the-shoulder view was Mikami's idea. The widescreen mode was also his idea. Plus, this huge creature in the game -- only Mikami could come up with that kind of idea. But of course Mikami himself cannot do the entire game because he is involved with other games. So our R&D4 developers and Mikami have worked very, very closely together ever since we decided to redo the whole game again. It's collaboration between everyone all the way.
Podcast from EfD Colombia on policy changes to reduce air pollution and congestion | EfD - Initiative
In the first podcast from EfD Colombia, Jorge Alexander Bonilla talks about air pollution problem in cities, the policies that deal with air pollution and congestion problems, and in the case of Bogotá, how the driving restriction "pico y placa" affects air quality and congestion.
The title of the podcast is “Policy challenges to reduce air pollution and congestion”. You can hear this podcast in Spanish and English in the soundcloud site of the Economics Department at Universidad de Los Andes here.
EfD in Colombia has started to produce podcasts in which a journalist interviews an EfD researcher about his/ her research results and policy recommendations.
The journalist Carolina García , who did the interview, also published a column (in Spanish) in the Colombian daily newspaper El Espectador about the results and policy recommendations from this research.
“To do high-quality research, you need to find out what policy makers need and nurture the interaction,” says Maria Angelica Naranjo, EfD researcher in Central America. Her research colleagues Roger Madrigal and Francisco Alpízar are exploring why some Costa Rican communities are successful in drinking water management while others are not. Policy makers and local communities are already using some of the researchers’ recommendations to bring change.
----------Welcome to Effortless Gaming where only the best come to play. If you are here to apply go to the Recruitment section in the General Section, but first you need to Register. ForFAQ.
Testing vid links, and also because some asshole argued with me saying the aa12 shotgun doesnt exist with explosive shells. .. SHIT ON
Free forum | Video games | Call of Duty | © phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Forumotion.com
I don’t know why, but for some weird reason, I can rarely read books written by the same author back to back, even if I really enjoyed the book I just read.
My latest example: Morgan Matson. I’ve read and absolutely loved Morgan Matson’s Since You’ve Been Gone as you can tell from my review and am definitely planning to read all her other books like Second Chance Summer and Amy & Roger’s Epic Detour, books I already have on my shelves. However, when I decided that my next read should be another Morgan Matson book, something in my mind urged me that no, don’t read it yet! Choose another book! Don’t read Morgan Matson’s other books yet!
I also have a hard time binge reading a series back to back. The last time I did that was…never. It doesn’t matter if the last book ended in a cliffhanger, I’ll read another book anyway by a different author anyway. I just don’t know why – maybe I want to read another book written by another author automatically?
Do you also have this weird habit like I do when you read books back to back? Please tell me I’m not alone in this.
I have the same problem with the GONE series by Michael Grant. I don’t like marathoning the whole series — that’s why I squeeze in a different book or two — because I feel like I need to take a breather from this crazy, dystopian world. This applies to other series I’ve been following as well.
I prefer swapping it up between authors if it is standalone, but I absolutely can read series back-to-back and binge on those. I like keeping the momentum going and even prefer reading a series when they are all already released. It’s like Netflix but with books :)
I used to read my series back to back, but lately I’ve stopped doing that. It started only a few months ago. I’m still able to do it, but I want to read something else first. When I’m reading YA I’d like to read contemporary fiction or a classic in between. When the books have many pages I’d like to take a break. I’m reading two series simultaneously, The Last Apprentice by Joseph Delaney and Wicked Lovely by Melissa Marr. I read a book each week of both and love it this way.
If the books are standalones, I’d never read them back to back myself ’cause well, I don’t know why exactly. I guess it’s about whether the genre is the same or if my feelings for a book will overshadow the ones for the other? Oh, I’m such a confusing reader.
I actually try to not read books by the same author back to back. Sometimes I do, or I read them very close to each other, but generally I really try to switch things up. I read from many types of genres and categories, and I try to alternate things, because I find I get sick of a particular genre or author quickly. Well, not sick, but it affects my enjoyment because I’m so busy comparing it to the book I just read.
I love love love reading books in a series back-to-back, because I like to have as many details about the story nice and fresh in my mind. That way I don’t feel like I’ll miss anything important when I get to the next book! Plus if the books are really awesome, stopping after you finish the first one is like taking only one bite out of a chocolate bar.. which is impossible, so you have to read them all right away LOL.
But when an author has a few different standalone novels, and I read one that I really enjoy, I don’t pick up the other ones right away! I like to save them for later, because if I have a bad reading month, then I know exactly what to put on my next TBR :)
I can’t do it; reading books by the same author back-to-back, even if its a series. Nope, can’t do it. It’s too many pages in the same style. The few times I have read back-to-back I have like not really liked the second book. I think at that point I stop reading and start skimming whereas if I have a break then its all reading and more enjoying. :D
I most of the times also switch between authors. I like to read at least one other book before I read something else from an author. I guess it’s because I’m afraid their other work isn’t as good as the other book :) so when I loved one book and I read something else from them right after it, I might have too high expectations and I end up being disappointed. But when I read some other book in between, I can see it more ‘realistic’ and I enjoy their other books much more too :)
I usually switch between authors or genre too, and I don’t know why. Maybe I want to read something a bit different from the recent author or genre I read. Sometimes when I read a series, I used to insert standalones in between because it’s my way of diverting my expectations. I’m afraid that the second might disappoint me or might not be that entertaining compared to what I read before that.
I never do it, simply because I like to switch it up. I think I’d bore of the author if I read some of their books back-to-back. It’s nice to have a break and read something different; that way I don’t bore of perfectly awesome authors
For standalones, I don’t think that is weird. But for series, I much prefer reading the entire series at once. I hate having to wait to finish a story.
Wow.. you’re the exact opposite of me, lol. If I find a good author, I’ll be sure to start reading their books RIGHT AWAY!
On the other hand, when a finale comes out, I almost NEVER read it til a good time later. Example: I still have not read Eragon’s last book. Reading the last book makes me feel the finality of it all, and sometimes I just don’t want that to happen!
I guess I don’t have that problem. The last series I binge read was The Lunar Chronicles. Prior to that, I read Twilight and The Hunger Games book back to back, but that was only because I wasn’t reading YA at the time, and so it took me years to even become aware these series existed. With a great series, it’s nice to read them like this, because I don’t have to worry about forgetting about what happened in the prior book, which may have been published over a year earlier.
I want to read series back to back – but it just so rarely happens! I do like when all the books are out though, because I don’t want to wait.
If it is a series I love to do back-to-back. But I don’t like stand-alones by the same author in a row. I think it’s because series don’t feel complete, so reading them b-t-b is like one long book. I like separating styles and genres, otherwise things can get stale. Generally authors stick to their genre, which means I like to jump around after I finish one no matter how much I enjoy them.
I like marathoning series IF I am enjoying the series. If I don’t feel really excited about where the series is going, then chances are I won’t be looking to read the books back to back. But with standalones, I’m totally like you. I hate reading books by the same author back-to-back. I mean, some authors are really good at changing up their styles and genre and things like that but often, I find it’s TOO similar and I need a refresher. Like even now, having read Second Chance Summer & Amy and Roger seven months ago and two years ago respectively (rough estimates here!), I’m still finding Since You’ve Been Gone really similar to both of them which I think is kinda dampening my enjoyment of this book. I still am really loving it though, but things like that is why I tend not to read standalones by the same author back to back.
It does happen to me sometimes, like when I was reading The Mortal Instruments – I simply couldn’t get past reading the second book after finishing the first one a few days earlier. However, I was able to finish the Hex Hall trilogy back-to-back in three days (I think Archer Cross had something to do with it ;) )
Be happy you don’t do the same author or book in the series back to back! I’ve done it and still do it. I love it until I realize that there aren’t any more books left by that author to read! *gasp* So yes, take your sweet time.
Sometimes I can read books back to back, if they’re in a series. It depends, though, because I just finished re-reading Cinder and Scarlet by Marissa Meyer so I could start Cress. Technically I already read the first two so it wasn’t like I was starting the entire series in one go . . I’ve never done that before and I guess it would be hard to because I’d be afraid to lose interest in something I might otherwise love.
Hmm I’m not sure if I don’t like reading authors back to back or I just choose a random book and turns out it’s written by a different author but I realized that I think I hardly read books in a row by the same author. Sometimes though I read a book that’s in a series one after the other… but I’m not a fan of binge reading just because I like to read different genres and not read books that have the same genre in a row.
You’re not alone, Kelly! No matter how much I love a book, I just cannot read the next immediately after. I have no idea why – for the most part, I LOVE the book but I wind up choosing something different to read after.
I think it depends. Sometimes I can binge read the same author/series, other times I want a break in between.
I have found myself doing both. When I first discovered historical romance and paranormal romance, I binge read tons of series/authors. This lasted for about a year before I actually got a little tired of the genre/author/series. But, I do try to switch it up when I can. Right now I’m actually in the middle of glomming JD Robb’s In Death series. I adore everything about this series, but it is so long (38 and counting) and I feel like it is taking me forever to get caught up. So I’m deliberately reading back to back until I feel like I need a break. Great discussion idea!
I tend to binge read series when it’s possible (ie all books published) just because I get book amnesia and forget who is who and what happened int he last book if I don’t read them all together. When it comes to other books though, I try and keep it mixed up not reading the same genre or same author back to back. I get bored otherwise.
Omg yes! I cannot read a series back to back! It tends to make me like the subsequent books less just because they are too similar to the first book (obviously!). Even though I only read sci-fi and fantasy, I need variety and pretty much always switch between those genres and subgenres and age ranges. If I just read a young adult dystopian, I need a middle grade or adult fantasy next! I strangely like that process of remembering the events of the previous book when getting back to a series too, I don’t know why!
Some of the librarians and I were just talking about this at work a few days ago and decided that perhaps, if we really enjoyed the author, we aren’t quite ready to figure out their specific writing style and plot devices. For example, if we do read them back to back then maybe after we’re finished we will have lost a bit of love for the author after learning they set up novels similarly. Just a thought! I think this plays a major part in why I shy away from series books these days.
I don’t like to read books by the same author back to back if they’re not in a series. I think I’d just get mixed up and start comparing them.
But I can binge read to my heart’s content :D If the series is good enough, that is. If the series is one I am ‘meh’ about, I wont binge read because I won’t be excited enough to binge read. The epic Binge can only take place if there is ample excitement and need to finish. :D Like the Study trilogy (now longer YAYYYYYYY) by our ever lovely Maria V Snyder. I read those three books back to back because they’re amazing.
I love reading certain books back-to-back. I did it with Gayle Forman’s If I Stay and Where She Went. I also read the Harry Potter books back-to-back. I read the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series the same way. I usually only do it for books that are a part of a series.
[…] Reading asks whether you’re able to read a book by the same author back-to-back or do you need to take breaks between reading such […]
[…] Reading Books Back to Back from Effortlessly Reading – I tend to like to read books by the same author all together, which is why sometimes I wait for the entire series to be released or I go on an author binge. I think because I’m a mood reader, often once I finish said book I’ll be in the mood for a book like said book. Of course, the easiest book to pick up then that’s similar to said book is a book in the same series or a book by the same author. Then I usually continue on until my mood changes or until I exhaust all of my options for the time being. Do you read books back to back? […]
Affordable Space Adventures was easily one of our favorite Wii U games of this year. One of the few problems with it was that it was over so soon, which developer KnapNok Games looks to remedy with a free DLC update that will add some more levels to the game.
Five extra tough missions will be featured in this free update, which is slated to release some time after this Summer. “These new levels have been designed to take advantage of every single feature of the Small Craft, including some that players might not even be aware existed,” reads the press release. “Beating the puzzles within these levels will require heavy thinking, and precise maneuvering of the Small Craft, making it an ideal challenge both in single player and multiplayer modes.”
“We had lots of ideas for very tricky puzzles that we couldn’t find room for in the final release of the game. We hope the community will take on the challenge of these new levels”, says Lau Korsgaard, Creative Director at KnapNok Games. “Besides this free update, we still have lots of other plans for Affordable Space Adventures. In the future, we want to release a more substantial update as paid DLC that will expand the universe of Affordable Space Adventures and tell another chapter of the Uexplore story”
This post-Summer update will also address a number of bugs found in Affordable Space Adventures, many of which were reported to the developer via Nintendo’s Miiverse social network.
PlayStation Plus was first introduced back during the PS3 era, though back then it was based solely around providing extra content like free games each month. However, with the PS4 launch brought the requirement of PS Plus to play online at all on the new console, which was recently upped in price, but one retailer is holding a sale that has the original pricing for a 12 month subscription.
For a number of years now, a 12 month subscription for PS Plus retailed for $49.99, with a three month being $17.99. Late last month though, it was announced by Sony that the price for PS Plus would be increasing to $59.99 for a 12 month, and $24.99 for a three month. This put it exactly on par with the 12 month and 3 month costs for Xbox Live Gold, so it wasn’t a huge surprise, but still disappointed many PlayStation platform owners.
The changeover in price was last week on September 22, but if you go to Amazon right now, you will find that the PS Plus 12 month membership is available for only $49.99. The 3 month price is still at the new rate, but the 12 month is at the old for the time being.
There is no telling how long this sale price will last, so if you need to renew your PS Plus soon, you may want to go ahead and pick this up now while it’s at the old price. If not, you’ll have to wait for some other potential sales in the future.
Bandai Namco has revealed more new default costumes for several of the characters in Tekken 7: Fated Retribution. The game has also undergone graphical changes too.
The official Tekken 7: Fated Retribution website revealed all of the new costumes for several fan favorite characters. First up we have Paul Phoenix decked out in a new leather outfit. He also still has his iconic hairstyle and hairy beard.
Hwoarang has undergone the biggest change in terms of his choice of fashion. He has an eye-patch for some reason and his hair is now dyed black with a streak of red in the middle. It will be interesting to see if fans like the new look for this character.
Steve Fox’s new default costume doesn’t look all that radical. Fox is still wearing his boxing outfit, but he’s wearing his robe over his head and has new shorts and gloves.
Devil Jin looks exactly the same apart from a new outfit he’s wearing. As for Alisa Bosconovitch, she has a cute new outfit that has similar colors to Aigis from the Persona series. However, Alisa is wearing a dress.
Bandai Namco also revealed that it has made some improvements to both the gameplay and graphics in Tekken 7: Fated Retribution. The game is still an arcade exclusive, but console versions are being developed right now.
It’s a circulate that’s nonetheless being debated. But believing their options for a brand new stadium had been gone in San Diego, the NFL’s Chargers introduced they had been moving to Los Angeles and could eventually proportion the brand new…
It’s a circulate that’s nonetheless being debated. But believing their options for a brand new stadium had been gone in San Diego, the NFL’s Chargers introduced they had been moving to Los Angeles and could eventually proportion the brand new stadium in Inglewood with the Rams. It hasn’t been pretty, even though. Interest in the team has been low, and even the brief stadium at StubHub Center has had hassle filling its 27,000 seats. But there is a therapy, and that’s to win more video games.
The Lakers have now not seemed excellent the previous few seasons. The once-famous franchise appeared in tatters and the fanatics had been restless. It fell on the shoulders of Jeanie Buss, who become in charge as her brother Jim was handling basketball operations. Then he wasn’t. In February, Jeanie fired Jim and longtime widespread supervisor Mitch Kupchak and taken again a legend. Magic Johnson became brought as the brand new head of basketball operations and Rob Pelinka, Kobe Bryant’s former agent, as the general manager.
The Clippers have been always on the verge of greatness. They had, arguably, three of the excellent gamers within the NBA — Chris Paul, Blake Griffin, and DeAndre Jordan. But they could never get out of the second spherical of the playoffs. Paul couldn’t take that anymore. He didn’t like the chemistry and subculture of the group. He quarreled with Coach Doc Rivers. So, nearly as if it passed off in a flash, Paul was traded to the Houston Rockets in June. And with it, the Clippers were headed for an inevitable rebuilding of the group.
Somewhere P.T. Barnum is smiling. In one of the fine advertising efforts ever foisted at the carrying global, fanatics were enthralled at the idea that an antique mythical boxer assembly a young MMA fighter without a boxing enjoy ought to convey a $a hundred pay-per-view buy. But it labored. Floyd Mayweather beat Conor McGregor by using technical knockout inside the tenth round. The August fight had approximately 4.4 million pay-in line with-view buys, although one of the promoters later said it turned into more than 6 million. (Exaggeration in those sports? Could by no means happen.)
Los Angeles’ adventure to being offered the Olympic Games for a 3rd time changed into very much a curler-coaster experience. First Boston changed into given the U.S. Bid, however, the city backed out. L.A. Changed into there but then needed to go up against a completely strong Paris bid for the 2024 Games. Fearing it would get nothing, the L.A. Bid committee reduce a cope with the International Olympic Committee to get the 2028 Games, which were offered in September. So the 11-year wait starts offevolved.
NFL owners need to hearth gamers who sit down or take a knee at some point of the countrywide anthem, in response to a movement began by way of Colin Kaepernick. What observed became a weekend-plus of protests by means of players, coaches and a few proprietors to expose their solidarity against the attack on the NFL. The difficulty changed into certainly alternatively minor till it changed into escalated via the president, who persisted his assaults. Things have quieted now because the league contemplates preserving the teams in the locker room throughout the national anthem.
This story will likely be bigger in 2018, but whilst the FBI charged 10 assistant basketball coaches, together with USC’s Tony Bland, in a research of fraud and corruption in university basketball, the game become rocked with the aid of greater of what’s to come back than what just happened. The FBI is looking into the unsavory way a few gamers are acquired and shopped. Among the first essential casualties become mythical Louisville train Rick Pitino, who became fired without being charged.
The U.S. Men’s football team had been to seven directly World Cups, and all it had to do become beat Trinidad & Tobago, a country whose population is ready 1/325th as massive. But they couldn’t do it, losing 2-1, disposing of them from next 12 months’ World Cup in Russia. After the loss, instruct Bruce Arena resigned (he had replaced Jürgen Klinsmann in 2016).
It becomes a tale 29 years inside the making. The Dodgers again to the World Series for the first time when you consider that 1988. What transpired changed into one of the wildest, maximum thrilling World Series in records. However, the Dodgers went down in seven games, dropping the closing five-1 to the Houston Astros. It became an unsatisfying finishing to a season in which the Dodgers won 104 games, the maximum in baseball. It additionally noticed Cody Bellinger hit a rookie report 39 everyday-season home runs.
A couple years in the past, Jim Mora owned this metropolis after turning across the fortunes of the UCLA soccer team. But appropriate fortune does have an expiration date. After dropping to USC, 28-23, in November, he became fired on his birthday. The look for his replacement was fast as UCLA proved more attractive than Florida to Chip Kelly, a notable university teach at Oregon however unsuccessful within the NFL. The UCLA offer — and $23.Three million over 5 years — did the trick.
Where do you start? With LaVar Ball, of direction. The outspoken father of Lonzo, LiAngelo, and LaMelo has become a media sensation along with his regular chatter about the greatness of his sons and his shoe emblem. Lonzo became the Lakers top select and tore up the Summer League. The real season has been harder. Meanwhile, UCLA freshman LiAngelo Ball was arrested in China, alongside two of his teammates, for shoplifting. President Trump took credit score for purchasing the trio out of prison and again domestic, and then got into a completely public spat with LaVar Ball over his efforts. LaVar Ball reportedly despatched POTUS a couple of his signature-brand footwear as a peace offering; some days later he announced that he become withdrawing LiAngelo Ball from UCLA.
One of the regions that Google talked up regarding Android past phones at I/O this 12 months turned into in…
Torley.org does not claim ownership of any content found on this site. All images are copyright to their respective owners.
No, I think there is a pretty well defined notion of what a hit means in this context, particularly when dealing with a neutrino. It passes completely through most atoms, then at some point it interacts with one and deposits its energy. The question at hand is whether this energy will kill the cell.
The neutrinos from supernova 1987A had energy 5 to 40 MeV. This is about 4 x 10^-5 ergs, or about 10^-7 calories. If this is deposited in a cell of size about 10 microns, the cell volume will be about 10^-9 cm^3. Depositing 10^-7 calories in 10^-9 g of water will raise its temperature by 100 degrees Celcius.
Granted the energy will need to go through a number of steps to be thermalized, but this still gives a good indication of the size of the interaction we are talking about here. Assuming these figures are corect, it would be like a tiny bomb going off in the cell, with enough energy to raise the entire cell to the boiling point of water. It is hard to see how it could survive a deposit of this much energy.
Internet traffic is drawn to a halt. Visitor trust is jeopardized. Getting hacked is a crippling experience for any website owner. Some users are even put out of business, losing money as the result of an attack. To help mitigate this threat, Go Daddy has created Site Scanner. The product locates website security weaknesses and then provides suggestions to fix them.
The latest WhiteHat Website Security Statistics Report, a quarterly publication highlighting online security trends, shows at least 71 percent of websites are at risk for Cross-Site Scripting, the most commonly-found vulnerability on the Internet. Hackers often target unsuspecting websites – even the most basic ones – to steal information, deface the site or infect visitors.
Go Daddy’s Site Scanner is a proactive defense mechanism to shield against hackers and malware. The product is designed to help website owners stay on top of their website’s security, with a daily scan, a threat-assessment scorecard and an email summary. Website operators can add a visual, date-stamped, trusted security seal – giving their visitors peace of mind the site is being protected.
"If a website has a weakness, an attacker will find it sooner rather than later,” said Go Daddy CEO and Founder Bob Parsons. "Go Daddy created Site Scanner to give our customers an affordable way to discover issues with their websites before the hackers do.”
Site Scanner is offered at a fraction of the price of its competitors, with the same standard of protection and requires minimal set up and management from the user.
Site Scanner’s daily scan is summarized in a simple scorecard that categorizes issues as "Critical,” "Warning” or "Informational” based on the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS), an industry standard for assessing computer vulnerabilities. Users can receive email notification of their scan results or login to the online dashboard to view their scorecard.
From the Site Scanner dashboard, users can then drill down for more detailed information on any discovered vulnerabilities and see suggested courses of action to fix the problem.
All Site Scanner customers can also contact Go Daddy’s Customer Security Advisers, a dedicated team of world class security experts available to answer questions and provide solutions. Many customers and small businesses rely on Go Daddy as their personalized security department, providing more in-depth explanations and information as needed. Go Daddy was recently nominated as a finalist in the 2010 SC Magazine Awards for Best Security Team, an honor given to companies that execute and manage strong security programs.
Users of Go Daddy’s Site Scanner also benefit from having a trusted seal to display on their site, which lets visitors know their site is secure. When the website is free from known vulnerabilities, the seal is updated with the date of the most recently passed scan. The site seal remains visible as long as the vulnerabilities that caused the failed scan are addressed within 72 hours.
During the Vietnam war, a girl is taken from her village by five American soldiers. Four of the soldiers rape her, but the fifth refuses. The young girl is killed. The fifth soldier is determined that justice will be done. The film is more about the realities of war, rather than this single event.
Watch Person of Interest Season 4 Episode 9 Online for Free. Watch Episode Series is the best and free site for Person of Interest Episodes. We picked the best sites to stream Person of Interest s04e09. Pick a site below and click "Watch Now!" button. If the link you clicked is not working, pick another site from the list and report the broken link. Our staff will remove it immediately.
All around the world GoPro users are capturing incredible experiences, from the heart-stopping to the heartfelt. Into the caldron of an active volcano, the neon streets of Japan, a refuge for wild mustangs, scaling an iceberg, the world’s biggest dance party, or a whale rescue mission, GoPros have documented every moment. See how GoPro’s new line of our most advanced cameras ever allow you to beautifully and authentically capture and share the experiences that bring purpose, adventure, and joy to your life.
The HERO4 features ultra high resolution quality of 4K at 30 frames per second + high frames rates at 1080p120. Incredible low light capabilities, including our new nightlapse setting. 2X the high fidelity sound. Faster processing. Protune settings that unlock manual control of many of your GoPro’s features, and so much more. Learn more and be inspired by the most advanced GoPro cameras yet: http://GoPro.com
There are numerous areas to buy traditional cars around the internet and everywhere in the United States. ECU remapping is a selected type of auto service primarily targeted on tuning the engine. The dealership’s area of geographic sales and service responsibility is necessary both with respect to surrounding dealers, and with respect as to whether or not the manufacturing facility intends to shut an open retailer, or open a brand new retailer.
Their engineer may have consulted the commerce publications to worth the vehicle, adjusting these figures to take note of the age, condition and mileage of your car, and his data of the present car market. These insurance corporations cut back their risk for insuring teens by inserting sure concessions on the driving habits of them.
If you wish to purchase a decent car at a cheap price, police car auctions that embody impounded cars are an awesome place to begin. Some people may not actually realize that different producers may actually restrict the efficiency of the autos that they produce.
(MIAFTR) This is a UK information base that has recorded all insurance coverage complete loss cars and stolen cars for the reason that start of the 1980’s. Nonetheless, remember that EUROPEAN remapping can cause a car to want frequent servicing on account of more stress on the engine.
In most cases, insurers would end up dropping more cash in the long term in case you stopped using them as your car insurance supplier because you have been sad with the protection than if they only paid out a declare outright.
Tabea is one horny housewife, who’s always horny and eager to have her fat pussy plugged with her husband’s cock. You’ll be watching her expose her pair of huge breasts and give her man...
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On January 30, 2018 12:25 pm, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at NORDSTROM because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at NORDSTROM, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Fatboy Designer Brand Directory.
Lounge in total comfort anywhere you go with Fatboy's iconic Lamzac lounger-an ingenious inflatable chaise that's fun and simple to set up. Just pull it out of the included backpack, swing it to fill it with air, close up the roll-top end and then recline on a cozy cloud. Perfect for campsites, poolsides, airport lounges and more. Style Name: Fatboy Lamzac The Original Inflatable Lounger. Style Number: 5572889. Available in stores.
This item was published for sale online by NORDSTROM on January 30, 2018 9:04 am and last updated by us January 30, 2018 12:25 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Fatboy designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Fatboy Lamzac The Original Inflatable Lounger One Red | Loungewear, Clothing, Shoes And Footwear fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the NORDSTROM Online Store.
Fitness doesn’t have to be drudgery. These tips can help you add focus and fun to your routine. Have you ever started a fitness program and then quit? If you answered yes, you’re not alone. Many people start fitness programs but stop when they get bored or results come too slowly. Here are seven tips […]
I recently published ‘Doctor Socrates: Footballer, Philosopher, Legend,’ which is a biography of the most revolutionary footballer of all time.
Nowadays I mostly write about sports for Reuters but I have written about Brazil for a host of publications including Time magazine, The Financial Times, the Christian Science Monitor, and The New York Times.
I have worked for Monocle, GQ, Esquire, and was, until a few years ago, the South America correspondent for the Chronicle of Higher Education.
I have also done some commercial work, reporting and writing for foreign investors who promote the state of Goias.
The purpose of this blog is to comment on the stories that I have been writing about from Brazil and draw attention to others. Although Brazil is the fifth biggest country in the world, the level of interest in South America’s largest nation is not huge and newspapers simply don’t have the budget to cover it properly. Yet there is so much happening and so many stories to be told.
The idea is to call attention to some of these stories, as well as highlight some of the unusual and entertaining stories that make Brazil such a unique place.
Congressman Eduardo Bolsonaro, son of Brazil's fascist president-elect and every bit as subtle and well-informed as… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… sent 4 hours ago
Despite the superlatives, hype and awards, Lionel Messi is underrated, says Sean Ingle. theguardian.com/football/blog/… sent 5 hours ago
More fake news from the porn actor turned Congressman for Brazil's fascist president-elect. Police found a corrupti… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… sent 8 hours ago
abortion Alcohol Amazonia Argentina Banks Barreto Blatter Botafogo bureaucracy Business CBF Christian Science Monitor Chronicle of Higher Education Colombia Confederations Cup Corinthians corruption deforestation Dilma Rousseff Eduardo Pães education Embraer environment favelas Felipao Scolari FIFA Financial Times Flamengo Folha de São Paulo food football foreign policy Goldman Gremio Haiti Health Indians infrastructure Internacional Iran Jermone Valcke journalism justice Libertadores Lula Marina Silva Mexico Monocle Neymar Obama O Globo Olympics Palmeiras Pele Petrobras politics press Reuters Ricardo Teixeira Rio de Janeiro Ronaldinho Gaucho Ronaldo samba Santos Scotland sex São Paulo São Paulo Futebol Club Time magazine Tourism transport TV US Wall Street Journal World Cup 2014
Gostaria de acompanhar o seu blog. Sou uma espécie de editor 2.0, interessado em oportunidades de publicar livros a partir de blogs. Para maiores informações, veja em http://www.blogbooks.com.br
Description: Looks like gangnam style is everywhere - even in flash games. Gangnam runner is a funny game based on this music video that emerged from Korea. Run around and collect coke bottles. Your task is to run as long as you can. Use your Arrow keys to control your hero.
BrainX is world's most exhaustive math training program for students of KG to class 6. Through our scientifically designed and copyrighted math games, activities & exercises, students develop deep interest in math.
Complete coverage of NCERT-India and NCTM-Singapore curriculum (click here to see BrainX curriculum coverage)
Retain upto 47 times more. Proven system of using activities and focal games to improve understanding and recall
BrainX will be sent as printed math activities and worksheets to your home every month for the duration of your subscription
Call us on 099826-99306 and we will make prorated refund of your amount based on the duration of use.
SchoolCountry uses highly secure CCAvenue - India's largest and most trusted online payment gateway - to process your payments.
At the time of payment, you will be taken to a different page with 128 bit SSL encryption. No human ever gets to see or store your account details
The Malay Chronicles: Bloodlines .. (Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa).. .. Merong is then given a ship full of mirrors by Liu Yun.. As Merong prepares his fighters to .
The Malay Chronicles: Bloodlines (released in Malaysia as "Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa") .. The Malay Chronicles: Bloodlines .. IMDb .
Cinema Online Malaysia's Favourite Movie Site.. English .. Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa "Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa" is an action packed film filled with .. Full of .
200 Foot Garden Hoses have some pictures that related each other. Find out the most recent pictures of 200 Foot Garden Hoses here, and also you can get the picture here simply. 200 Foot Garden Hoses picture posted ang uploaded by Admin that saved in our collection. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best among others. These are so many great picture list that may become your inspiration and informational purpose of 200 Foot Garden Hoses design ideas for your own collections. we hope you are all enjoy and finally can find the best picture from our collection that posted here and also use for suitable needs for personal use. The filminx.com team also provides the picture in High Quality Resolution (HD Resolution) that can be downloaded by simply way. You just have to click on the gallery below the 200 Foot Garden Hoses picture.
Decoration Garden Windows Kitchen Window Lowes Intended For Decor 26 is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Decoration Garden Windows Kitchen Window Lowes Intended For Decor 26 in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Decoration Garden Windows Kitchen Window Lowes Intended For Decor 26 pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Decoration Garden Windows Kitchen Window Lowes Intended For Decor 26 was 870x450 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Garden Window Lowes here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
Corvair-V8 web site, dedicated to Corvairs with alternative power sources, often referred to as "Water Pumpers". 1476
A printable PDF file with a step by step checklist for checking out different models of Corvairs. Prepared by Steven Serenska 1025
Public sex video: CCTV catches British couple doing it at Domino’s Pizza restaurant - TomoNews Hot amateur Colombian wild couple gets wild and horny in front of their cam and fucked each other till they reached their climax Then she gets on top of his partner cock riding it like a jockey She face the cam while riding his partner cock and strips off her shirt revealing her nice boobs She licks her tits while riding his partner And in the end they switch to doggie position till they reached their climax. Amatör Blondin Avsugning tonåring. Amatör onani Solo Leksaker. Thanks for helping us sort this video! Amatör onani Leksaker webbkamera. Comment contains invalid characters. Sign up for a free account and make YouPorn yours!
Sexy co-worker getting fucked and creampied K views. Do these Pornstars appear in this video? Offering exclusive content not available on Pornhub. Christi Cinn bent over with no Panties on. Thanks for helping us associate the correct Pornstars to this video!
CHRISTIANA CINN Show all comments Leave a comment. Popular Comments Recent Comments. Lucky to have had so many hot dicke brueste. Please europickups again later. Suggest new categories x. Comment cannot be longer than characters. Name contains invalid characters. Upload videos Custom recommendations just for you Subscribe to your favorite pornstars, channels, and collections Download videos Save your favorite videos Create collections Sign Up. Porr för din mobil. Login or Sign Up now to download this video! Ads by Traffic Junky. Christiana Cinn bent over getting Ass drilled. Your download will start in. Christiana Cinn is all hot and wet in Lingerie. Name contains invalid characters.
WHO IS PETER COMEY Christiana Cinn in black Underwear looking lush. Please enter your. You are currently not logged in. Christi Cinn bent over with no Panties on. We're always working towards adding more features that will keep your love for porno alive and. Christiana Cinn showing pretty eyes and sucking. Suggest new categories x. Sorry, could not submit your comment. Free erotic video for helping us sort this video! We appreciate your assistance and will use this information to improve our service to you.
Videos de flower tucci This video is part of the following collections:. Create a new Playlist. Only one flag request every ten seconds is allowed. Remember me susan wayland nude this computer not recommended on public or shared computers. Skicka nya länkar här. Only one flag request every ten seconds is allowed. Subscribe to your favorite pornstars, channels, and collections. Christiana Cinn looks lush in Doggy style video Underwear. Do these Pornstars appear in this video? Latest Babe Comments Showing 10 of 16 Kommentar.
German Pussy 2 1. Christiana Cinn showing pretty eyes and sucking. Christiana Cinn is all hot and wet in Lingerie. Sexy co-worker getting fucked and creampied K views. Yesterdays Adult Models Top Searches. Christiana Cinn in a Red Dress looking so saucy.
Anyway, this week's snippet comes from one of Lauren's books for a change: my current work-in-progress, All The King's Horses. Dustin and Amy are at a country bar, enjoying a slow dance, and things are heating up just a wee bit...
I wondered if she lifted her chin on purpose, or if she did it subconsciously like I’d lowered my own, and when her eyes flicked from mine to my lips and back, there was no pretending we didn’t know where this was going. My mouth watered with the anticipation of tasting hers. The music’s slow tempo emphasized the rapid beat of my heart, and I didn’t care if we shouldn’t be doing this or why.
Her eyes slid closed, and a second later, mine followed suit. I moved in closer until her breath whispered across my lips.
1. pick a project – a current WIP, contracted work or even something readers can buy if you’re published
Oh bummer! I was sliding right into the sensual moment along with them until that guitar hit! Terrific six...
Blog Archive October (1) July (1) January (1) September (1) June (1) May (1) April (1) March (2) February (1) January (1) December (1) October (2) July (2) May (2) April (4) March (1) February (2) December (5) November (2) September (2) August (2) July (4) June (3) May (1) April (1) March (2) February (1) November (2) October (2) September (2) August (1) July (1) June (2) May (3) April (7) March (3) February (2) January (5) December (3) November (1) October (4) September (2) August (4) July (2) June (3) May (5) April (2) March (2) February (6) January (3) December (4) November (6) October (4) September (6) August (8) July (9) June (7) May (5) April (11) March (11) February (12) January (18) December (8) November (14) October (12) September (17) August (13) July (18) June (22) May (20) April (21) March (16) February (12) January (4)
We all know that nothing beats experience in bed and these grandmas sure have lots of it. Watch the hottest mature babes grind down on huge cocks and show you how real women do it!
- Here you will find the hottest mature grandmas all willing to give you one great show. Of course, we only give you the hottest grandmas with the wildest cravings. See them go wild outdoors or be intimate in our huge collection of high-quality movies and high-resolution photos.
The Heritage Duffle offers timeless style and practical utility in a classic design. The barrel-style body is clad with contrasting slip pockets on either side externally and houses dual zippered slip pockets on the interior wall for storage of smaller objects. The mil-spec webbing handles and removable shoulder strap ensure a comfortable carry no matter how you wear it.
All prices are in USD. © 2018 Emmons Manufacturing Company. Sitemap | Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerce
Welcome visitors! Make sure to check out our latest informational piece on how to secure your home to make sure you're home is safe as possible before calling a home security company.
We are a family owned and operated company that has been in the home security industry for over 15 years. We are a Honeywell security authorized retailer and the only SAI Authorized Dealer in Connecticut. Our Security packages can be custom designed for your home or business at a very reasonable price.
This is a great company. Streamline installed an alarm system for me and took the extra time to show me exactly how to use it. This company has the nicest people who work for them. I will be using this company again to put in a home theater(finally my wife is allowing it)!!!
If you have used the services of Streamline Security Systems we'd love to hear from you! Use the form below to review and comment on your experience.
Home Security Companies .us does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of any information on this site.
Hometown Cash Advance Inc is listed under Check Cashing Services - Financial Services and located in Waterloo,IA and can be contacted at phone no. (319)236-0600
of handicraft products for various categories. Sourcing new natural material, combined with arts and fine designs to make valuable products for all customers.
We make sure you to offer plagiarism no cost assignments with top quality content material and provide plagiarism experiences free of cost, to ensure that pupils tend not to want to check the plagiarism proportion separately.
End users article an image or type their homework issues on to online forums, and those that respond to the issues can get e-cash which can be accustomed to purchase electronics like iPhones and laptops.
The information you include are copies. In the event you make a transform into a file in cloud storage, you need to upload a new duplicate with your system. If your browser enables, media documents you insert from cloud storage Exhibit inline.
The timer seems at the bottom on the window to Allow you understand how Substantially time is left. Your function is saved and submitted immediately when time is up.
I'm guaranteed the gap must be filled by some kind of co-publishing arrangement, which can indicate selective impartial publishers having considerably less threat and matching the writer’s enter with their internet marketing input. That would look a good distribution of energy.
For a detailed description of what is portrayed from the online video, open up the movie on YouTube, navigate to More actions, and choose Open up transcript. Video: Assignments Overview demonstrates you in which to discover and submit assignments.
This information was invaluable. I just self-published on Lulu and Despite the fact that I don’t have enormous stock to bother with I do every one of the promoting. Marketing and advertising may be complicated and I obtain myself performing far more of that then the Innovative means of creating guides and blogs.
In home the other scenario, that man or woman is simply completely socially clueless and appears to do not know what impact she might need on Other individuals.
There’s A budget way and the superb way. You'll be able to typeset Get More Information a ebook yourself when you review e book typography. You will get an affordable cover on Fiverr In case you have structure training and you simply’re certified to guage a structure contest. In any other case, you may not understand cliché ways click to read or weak variety selections. You can even locate greater and much less expensive distribution than CreateSpace. You will get absolutely free modifying, but that isn’t the situation for most people – and Unless of course your editor knows your style, Anything you;re having is proofreading, a completely distinct detail.
The information will add separately. If your browser isn't going to let you submit your assignment after you add a folder, choose Never attach inside the folder's row to remove it. You'll be able to drag the data files individually and post yet again.
How would you outline a Print On Demand from customers outfit that also distributes the textbooks by way of their online retailer and might help with obtaining the applicable means required to get click reference yourself a guide the book produced but would not choose around possession legal rights?
A dialogue about the habits of the customers dependent on the labeling that is current around the foods items.
Frugal lunch protip #one: Cook dinner up a big batch of anything tasty on Sundays and afterwards portion it out for your personal lunches all my explanation week.
Ramy Malek is the current obsession of everyone, especially since he won his first Emmy for outstanding lead actor in a drama series for his role on Mr. Robot. When the Egyptian-American took the stage to collect his award, he gave a clearer view of what the future of television might look like. “Please tell me you’re seeing this too,” Malek joked, a reference to the hallucinations his mentally ill character experiences.
The actor started acting in 2004, but it was not until 2006 that he got his first major role as the charming Egyptian Pharaoh Ahkmenrah in the hit movie Night at the Museum. He also played the role of the Egyptian vampire in the “Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn-Part 2” in 2012. As for 2015, that was Malek’s lucky year when he got the lead of Elliot Alderson in the critically acclaimed USA Network television series Mr. Robot. He plays a genius computer hacker dealing with the ravages of mental illness and child abuse. He felt a deep responsibility to deliver an authentic performance. He read books and consulted a therapist who warned him that TV and film rarely get it right when it comes to mental illness. “I didn’t want my performance to suffer but more importantly, I didn’t want to feel like I was doing anyone a disservice.”
Ramy Malek is at the beginning of his sure to be very long career, and giving him an award encourages young creators to experiment with acting, writing, and directing roles that on paper seem impossible to sell. His award allows actors and networks to continue making bold choices on shows anchored by phenomenal performances of talented actors.
This year for the first time in VS show’s history, Gigi and Bella Hadid hit the runway together! November 10, 2018
Hona Radio USA - America in Arabic is an Arabic Streaming Radio Station that express the Arab culture through live streaming music, entertainment, talk shows and the arts.
Belichick, Brady going for Patriots’ 6th Super Bowl win as Eagles seek upset https://t.co/dQF7OCnHvO https://t.co/wIMrLq0hdr 284 days ago
Eu sou gaucho, mas sai do Brasil dez anos atras…ler suas historias me da saudades e me faz sentir mais proximo da ‘terrinha’! Valeu!
Happy Friday. I'm glad you're here. It's time for Doodle Bugs Teaching's Five for Friday and Teaching Blog Addict's Freebie Friday. I have never posted a two for one, two linkies in one post, but I'm feeling adventurous, so here goes.
While I have loads of freebies available here at School Is a Happy Place, I have never participated in Teaching Blog Addict's Freebie Friday. There are always so many great resources available through this linky, I wanted to get in on the fun.
My freebie is a Number of the Day activity. This is one in a series of Number of the Day printables I have created. My others are also posted. You can check them out by clicking here.
I really like using Number of the Day activities for morning work two or three days a week. I tweak the skills as my students progress through the year. The Number of the Day shown here is something I will use at the beginning of the year with my firsties. It might be something kindergartners could work on later in the year.
Molly at Lucky to Be in First is celebrating reaching 250 followers with a really great give away. My OI and OY Roundup is part of the prize package. I have never had anything as part of a prize give away. I'm pretty excited. She has a prize package for the lower grades and one for uppers. So thoughtful. If you haven't already stopped by her blog and entered, there is still time.
One of my friends has a really cute little clutch. I kept forgetting to ask her about it until the other day. She told me where she got it and that it is a Cinda B wristlet. I went by the shop that has them and snagged one. Then I went home and checked them out online. They come in several different colors and are affordable. I picked up a blue one and a pink one as well. I don't know which is my favorite. But, who says I have to choose?
There is a little problem at my house. We have two cats and one dog. B.B. is our senior cat and she loves to splash all of the water out of the water dishes. I really have no idea why she does this. (She is doing it right now while I'm trying to type.) Anyway, besides the mess she makes, she leaves no water for any of the other animals in the house. I've tried to find a dish to prevent her from splashing, but I've had no luck. Does anyone know why she might be doing this or how to stop it? If you have any ideas, I'd love to hear.
On a side note. The pic is courtesy of my sweet A. I never know what I'll find on my phone. This picture cracks me up.
Happy Birthday and Happy Father's Day to my sweet husband. Our little family will celebrate both of these special days this weekend. Picking out multiple cards was quite a challenge. A's criteria for a good card is a little different than mine. She picks based on the song that it plays. I think we ended up with Pink's Get This Party Started. Awesome, r i g h t ? We have a few things planned. We really want to show our favorite guy how much we love him.
Love the clutch and the freebie! THANK YOU! What a fun idea. Your cat is hilarious. He does not want a dish that he can't splash- I can tell by the picture. :) OH and I got 1+1=5 in the mail yesterday- I was serious about wanting that book! HA HA!
Thanks for the freebie!! Its awesome I love that idea! Happy Fathers Day! Enjoy celebrating! (im sure the card was perfect :))
I have a thing for musical cards too!!!! My husband teases me because I have a drawer full of them. I like A's choice. Thank you also for the freebie. My kinders could definitely do this a little later in the year.
LOVE the number of the day freebie; great for number sense! Thank you! We were "Father's Day card shopping" the other day too! Enjoy your new clutch, it's adorable.
Love your number of the day freebie! Thanks! About the splasher--we have three feline friends who all love water. They sprint to the bathroom sink any time we head that direction--faucet drinkers. One, Harry, is a splasher like yours! I wish I could give you a solution, but the best I have found is a waterfall bowl and a raised holder. I think Harry likes the movement of the water, after he splashes, he immediately takes a drink and repeats this process. The only thing is--the waterfall dish gets scooted from one side of the basement to the other--so he still tries--just not so much of a mess. The raised dish holder is for our dog--it is harder for him to get up there and splash, so much less mess. We had to zip-tie the holder to our radiator vent, though. He would scoot the whole operation with his attempts. I do not think either of these "solutions" will eliminate all water spills, and they may create other issues... :0) Sorry for such a long comment--I feel you...
Our game may be gone but our forums live.. Here is a list of the most important and useful threads from our game. I hope KaW forums can appreciate the work and time that went into making these threads.
Daphnia wrote a great many informative threads including the incredible SWAR History of FC. But these threads below are her threads that are all a part of a set.
I hope this shows you how much history we had in our game and thank you for accepting us into your future KaW.
When I started new accounts, I would always do 12CoE n 12Guilds. Then start opening lands aggressively. As you open lands, I used to throw down guilds (lvl 4), as you noted dues to GH changes for wars, lvl 1 SoS may work better now. This helps to get decent plunder very quick and you don't have to plan your final build yet since these are cheap to tear down in the end.
Another helpful hint is that Haunt (therefore HTE too) requires 50m raw atk stats to hit relatively successfully. So set this as an early goal to achieve via bldgs n equip (even lower lvl equip if needed). If you are close, but not quite 50m then doesn't be afraid to use the 1mith atk spell called battle fury. This will give you a temporary attack boost when you are too small to when on bigger ebs. Note that mith cost change with you size (the bigger you get, the more expensive it becomes). So definitely buy 6 (maximum purchasable amount with gold) as soon as you ug to lvl 3 castle and also only use when you are small on ebs that are worth the mith investment (ie mith cost 450m per mith; eb should make triple by the end to recoup what you spend on mith to hit).
Last time I tested it Haunts took 30mil raw attack stats to hit successfully and I learned this when equip first came out. I could be wrong but I don't see why they'd change it 
This forum is designed to be a resource for Ghost owners to share their experience, expertise, photos, videos and ideas on all things related to the Ghost Drone
Chief Registrar's Circular No. 4/2013 - Deeds Registries Act (Act No. 47 of 1937) Amendments of Regulations
The amended regulations are effective from 15 April 2013 and must be applied to all deeds lodged after such date or documents executed thereafter. To recap an earlier note about them:
Regulation 29 has been amended to provide for the extent of immovable property to be expressed in words and figures in deeds and bonds. The extent of immovable property does not need to be expressed in words, as well as figures, in supporting documents.
Regulations 43(1) as well as regulations 44(1) and 44(5), have been amended to provide for the full names and surname of the attorney, conveyancer, or notary to appear in the certificate. This amendment aims to remove uncertainty in instances where certificates are signed by attorneys, conveyancers, or notaries who have the same initials and surname.
Regulation 44A(d)(ii)(aa) has been amended to remove the responsibility of the registrar of deeds to check general powers of attorney.
Regulation 44A(d)(ii)(bb) has been amended to provide for the person signing preparation clauses to take responsibility for the correctness of certain facts in respect of transactions entered into in accordance with the constitution, regulations, etc. of companies created by foreign statute.
The amendment of regulation 61(2) by Government GNR 292 of 2010 was an oversight. The only personal servitudes that can be ceded unilaterally are the personal servitudes referred to in section 66 ceded back to the owner of the land encumbered thereby.
Regulation 68(11A) has been deleted and regulations 68(11B) and 68(11C) have been inserted to bring the regulations in line with the deeds registry practice of advertising notices (in the Government Gazette) of the intention to apply for the cancellation of bonds which have been lost or destroyed, and of which the registry duplicates have also been lost or destroyed.
The provisions of regulation 73(3) are duplicated in regulation 73(2A). Regulation 73(2A) has therefore been deleted.
Form SS has been amended to provide for the issuing of a certificate of registered title in instances where a sectional plan has been cancelled by an order of the Court, and land has reverted back to the land register.
glazed porcelain floor and wall tile n ,glazed ceramic tile home depot charms , tile flooring the home depot, tile flooring the home depot, home depot tile,outdoor tile home depot , tile home depot ceramic tiles from we got them in, studio life times square in x glazed porcelain, porcelain tile the home depot, tile saddle home depot 6 in x glazed.
Sonic and the Black Knight is a video game developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega as part of the Sonic The Hedgehog series.. The game was released on Wii as the .
Free 5-8 business-day shipping within the U.S.. when you order $25 of eligible .. We have all of the sonic games and out of all the black knight has some minor .
For Sonic and the Black Knight on the Wii, .. Sign up for free! .. The perfect Sonic game for people who like good Sonic games but don't mind swords.
For Sonic and the Black Knight on the Wii, GameFAQs has 4 FAQs (game guides and walkthroughs), 16 cheat codes and secrets, 18 reviews, 43 critic reviews, 1 save game .
Play games like sonic and the black knight or browse our collection of online flash games, new titles are added daily at flasharcadegamessite.com
If you're in the mood for some mindless, mean-spirited fun, you're likely to enjoy The Black Knight.. You control an oafish knight decked out in spiked attire.
For his third Wii game, Sonic is transported to an Arthurian .. where we saw some great games, from Sonic and the Black Knight to Jumpgate Evolution .. Dec 17, 2008 . a363e5b4ee
That picture (Jeep Partiot Awesome 2012 Jeep Patriot Reviews and Rating) previously mentioned can be labelled using:To discover many graphics in 54 Awesome Jeep Partiot
Time to revise my bio a bit. My name is still Jon Clark. I do use the pen name J.D. Clark for my children's books. I'm still a Mormon (always will be) and was recently called to serve as the Ward Executive Secretary. My better half was just called as the Relief Society President. I have 2 teenagers now and 2 more coming up behind them.
My day job is still writing music for tv-If you ever watch HGTV chances are you've heard something I've written. My hobbies are drawing these cartoons and children's books. I've been published in the New Era, Sunstone, and other magazines and newspapers. I have a few LDS greeting cards out there collecting dust on shelves as well...My first children's book published is: Anna Hosanna: The Fastest Prayer-Sayer Ever!
Watch a youtube video of this book I wrote for terminally ill children or those dealing with the loss of a loved one.
I’ve always loved the noise of a football crowd when a goal goes in. There’s something visceral and emotional about that roar, it’s a release like none other.
That’s one of the reasons I absolutely love this video about Sport’s campaign to boost the number of organ donors in Pernambuco, where the club plays its home games. The emotion of the crowd at the start of the clip is a thing to behold.
That emotion is nothing when compared to what comes next. Sport fans awaiting transplants guarantee their future donors that their passion for the club will live on after they die.
“I promise your eyes will keep on watching Sport,” says Adriano dos Santos, a fan awaiting new corneas.
And “I promise your heart will keep on beating for Sport,” says Marleide dos Santos, who is awaiting a new heart.
It’s such a simple and yet brilliant idea and it has led 57,000 Sport fans to register as organ donors. Enough of them, in fact, that the waiting list for heart and cornea transplants in Pernambuco state has been cut to precisely zero.
June 18, 2013 in Uncategorized | Tags: Confederations Cup, education, FIFA, Health, protests, transport, World Cup 2014 | 6 comments
I came to Recife last year and took a public bus to the Ilha do Retiro to see the Sport-Ponte Preta game.
The ride was more memorable than the game. Passengers were thrown to one side and another as the driver careened round corners. People were quite literally shrieking with fear and begging him to slow down.
I took a taxi home as there was little public transport still running at midnight when the game ended.
On Sunday, I came to Recife’s sparkling new Arena Pernambuco to see Spain play Uruguay in the Confederations Cup. I was taken here and dropped off by an air-conditioned FIFA shuttle bus and got a nice seat in a beautiful stadium.
The two trips were both to see football matches in Recife but the only thing they had in common is 22 players, a ball and the trip along appalling roads filled with pot holes the size of televisions.
Much of the protests that erupted across Brazil last night are not against the World Cup per se. They are directed at the double standard of beautiful new stadiums being built for FIFA at a rush (and huge cost) while the government neglects much more necessary investment in hospitals, schools and sanitation.
“We don’t have health, we don’t have education, we don’t have anything dignified,” she said. “The only thing that they gave us was a stadium. If our child is sick we don’t want to take him to a stadium. We want education for our children and decent health. We don’t have this in Brazil.”
From the shirts covered with sponsors, to the salaries surpassing 200,000 pounds a week, to the ordinary fans now priced out of games, I didn’t think it could get much worse.
That is until I heard the countdown to kick off over the tannoys at the European Championship. It’s hard to see how the game can sink to a more crass level.
And then there’s a day like today when something happens out of the blue to restore a little bit of my faith in football.
Thanks to @Pernambucogypsy I heard about Vitoria, a second division team from Bahia state who came up with the most novel campaign to encourage fans to give blood.
Vitoria has removed the traditional red hoops from its shirt and told supporters it will add the colour back gradually as fans donate blood.
The club normally plays in a red-and-black hooped shirt, with white shorts and red and black socks. Before Saturday’s game against Avai, players wearing black-and-white hooped shirts carried a banner onto the field reading: “Vitoria has always given its blood for you. It’s time for you to give yours.”
Vitoria president Alexi Portela Junior said the club plans to add a red hoop back after each game, starting with next weekend’s match against Parana. The club has four red and four black hoops on its jersey.
“In this novel way we are making our fans aware of the importance of giving blood,” Portela Junior said.
The campaign comes just a few weeks after Sao Paulo, one of Brazil’s biggest clubs put the slogan “Give Blood” on their shirts for a game.
Vitoria, which based in Salvador, the capital of Bahia state, was founded in 1899 and is one of Brazil’s oldest clubs. It is famous for having launched players such as World Cup winners Bebeto and Vampeta, and current Chelsea defender David Luiz.
It currently sits in fourth place in the Serie B after eight games and is one of the favourites to gain promotion.
The give blood campaign already seems to have brought them luck on the pitch. In their first red-less shirt, they beat Avai 2-0.
Here’s the club video promoting the campaign. The web site has all the details of where and how to give blood.
December 28, 2010 in Uncategorized | Tags: Business, education, Health, infrastructure, Lula, transport | Leave a comment
As I said last week in this Lula blog, many of my colleagues in both the Brazilian and international press are writing summaries of the departing president’s eight eventful years in power.
My first retrospective was a broad piece on the economy that came out in October in the KPMG’s magazine High Growth Markets.
Following on from last month’s blog about Brazilians getting fatter, the country’s statistics institute has just released a report that contains some of the reasons why.
I outline some of those reasons in my Financial Times blog today. (I’m not responsible for the rather cheeky picture of Ronaldo accompanying it.)
Simply put, Brazilians are eating less fresh fruit and vegetables and replacing their staples of rice and beans with beer, soft drinks and ready made meals. It’s a trend seen all over the world.
Of course, much of this is thanks to the country’s economic boom. More people have more money. That’s obviously a welcome development for people who struggled to get by.
However, the down side is that it has fostered a growing obesity problem. Today, almost half of Brazilian men are overweight and more than half of women are.
My friend and colleague Larry Rohter was vilified in Brazil a few years back for writing two stories that offended Brazilians.
One suggested that Lula was drinking too much and that it was affecting his ability to govern. The second suggested that Brazilians were getting fatter – and featured photos of overweight women on Ipanema beach. (The women in the pictures turned out to be Czechs.)
I remember going to a carnival parade in Ipanema shortly after and getting a kick out of seeing one wag with a sign saying, “The New York Times Got It Wrong! – Lula is fat and the Girls from Ipanema drink too much.”
“Unhealthy diets and physical inactivity are pushing obesity rates rapidly toward those seen in OECD countries, where half of the population is already overweight and one in six people is considered obese,” the report states.
“Seven in 10 Mexican adults are overweight or obese, while nearly half of all Brazilians, Russians and South Africans are also in this category. China and India report lower levels of obesity, but are also rapidly moving in the wrong direction,” the report adds.
These results are not new. I wrote about this here for the Daily Telegraph back in 2008, as well as here for Time magazine in 2009.
Back then, a leading doctor told me that a quarter of hospital beds in Brazil are taken up by people suffering from weight-related ailments such as heart attacks, back surgeries and hip and joint replacements.
Although the numbers I quoted in these previous stories differ slightly from the OECD numbers the trend is clear. Brazilians, famous for the body beautiful, tiny bikinis, and lovers of plastic surgery, are getting fatter and thus falling into line with the rest of the world.
When Lula took power in 2003 he said his priority was making sure that every Brazilian would have the means to eat three square meals a day. He has to be admired for doing everything possible to keep that promise.
But today, the biggest issue is not making sure that Brazilians have enough to eat. It is making sure that Brazilians don’t eat too much.
October 5, 2010 in Uncategorized | Tags: abortion, Dilma Rousseff, Health, Marina Silva | 2 comments
One of the tragic consequences of Dilma Rousseff’s failure to win a first round victory is that the Workers’ Party is discussing caving in to the right-wing fanatics and coming out more strongly against abortion. (See the front page story in today’s Folha de S. Paulo.)
Abortion is already illegal in Brazil in all but the most extreme circumstances (when the foetus is already brain dead or in cases of rape).
But up to 1 million illegal abortions are still performed each year, according to reproductive health organisations. For upper class women, they pose no danger; they are carried out in modern and well-equipped clinics in the best neighbourhoods and police look the other way.
But for the poor, these back-street operations are exactly that. They are fraught with danger. Brazil’s own Health Ministry says 200,000 women are hospitalised each year because their back street operations have gone wrong.
That’s hospitalised. Not taken to hospital, or looked over by a doctor, but actually have to spend the night in a ward because their injuries are so severe.
(I wrote this Time magazine piece back in June after reading a study that showed one-in-five Brazilian women of child-bearing age have had an abortion.)
Serra is a former doctor and Health Minister and should know better. The PT, as the party that claims to have the best interest of the poor at heart, should be protecting them and offering abortions to those who most need it.
But Marina, a hard core Evangelical, is even more guilty. Evangelicals launched an internet campaign claiming Dilma would decriminalise abortion and that is what caused Dilma to lose votes, according to news reports.
Brazil wants to be taken seriously as modern and developed nation. That’s a tough sell while it continues with an absurd and antiquated abortion policy.
RT @amnestyusa: BREAKING: We have withdrawn our highest honour, the Ambassador of Conscience Award, from Aung San Suu Kyi, in light of the… sent 11 minutes ago
Despite the superlatives, hype and awards, Lionel Messi is underrated, says Sean Ingle. theguardian.com/football/blog/… sent 6 hours ago
my contacts use to sync with google. i rooted and removed some bloat and now my contacts are not syncing with my google account. any idea what app runs this or controls this that I should make sure isn't frozen or removed?
have you gone to the Market since you rooted? when you go to the Market it will prompt you for your google account. if you've already done that go to settings-accounts and sync and make sure you are setup to sync.
If you still want a list let me know, but I removed a ton and so far it's working flawlessly and has for the last few days.
Im yet to really have a good play with ICS, I like the face unlock feature, allthough you look a little silly when holding thephone up to your face.
Chrome Beta is good (available to ICS handsets from Google play), network management is useful as well, without needing a seperate app any more.
Then, Saturday night, waiting in line at the movies to get into the theater room... It somehow jumped into my hands from my pocket surrounded by a load of iPhone users who were playing scrabble online... they instantly jawdropped Bad Evo...BAD BAD EVO !
Google's navigation program is simply fantastic. I tried it out with the wife driving to Scottsdale. Nice big clear screen that's easy to read and I really dug how the "camera" zoomed in and out when were were supposed to make a turn or take an exit.
We've never had a GPS unit before so we're probably more impressed with that then a lot of people here.
This Evo got two of by friends to switch to sprint and another friend frantically trying to come up with ways to defend his iphone.
Mine sat on the desk. Apparently it didn't get activated properly (worked fine Friday) and all data stopped working. While calling support, I pulled up my coverage on the site. Below is the pic of my house..... I'll probably play with it for a week or so, but it will end up going back. Even when my town is scheduled to get 4G in a few months, I'll never have it due to the coverage.....
Also, ive been meaning to buy that tapatalk... the free version is great, but it doesnt let you reply...
Mine went to the beach with me for a weekend. Pics and videos on this thing are so much nicer than on my last couple of phones. Same with navigation. The one big surprise was that I left work with it maybe 80% charged and then for 4 hours in the back seat of a car I streamed radio and podcasts via Google Listen while playing games, following our progress on Google Nav, and downloading apps. When I got to the beach I was down to maybe 30-40%. Doesn't sound too great but after 4 hours using screen, cell, GPS, etc. dropping only 40-50% of my battery was great compared to my last few phones. They would have been dead as I pulled in to the condo.
This weekend the Evo was used like no other! But best thing is this morning getting to work and my boss (an avid iPhone user) walking right in and going up to the phone and saying "Wow! What in the world is that?! That thing is AMAZING" and pulling out her iPhone and started comparing the two then saying that my phone put her's to shame. But then she said, "but we'll see after it gets the 4.0 os."
It's worth the three bucks. I love it. Took some getting used to but now I will never view the forums on the go using a browser on the phone again. Just other websites.
Well Friday i fooled around with to see what was on it, Saterday not much doing some running around. Sunday downloaded some apps, SportsTap,ScoreMobile,Aquarium Free(live wallpager) and aniPet Koi(another live wallpaper) like this one did'nt know you can feeds these Koi(my nephew was looking at my phone and he discover this) touch the lillypads they turn green, Oh the Koi dont like to be touched.
I asked it to cook dinner last night but it just sat there. Which didn't upset me because it looked pretty cool just sitting there.
I used this beautiful Creative Stamping Merry Christmas Stamp. I first stamped it with Versamark Ink and then heat embossed it with White Embossing Powder.
Image: Christmas Wreath - Creative Stamping Merry Christmas Stamp Set. Sentiment: LOTV Christmas Sentiment Tags. Emboss Folder: Cuttlebug Ice Crystals.
Do not forget to take a look at Christmas Cards All Year Round to check out the fabulous DT Members inspiration and join in with our Keep It Krafty Challenge.
Gorgeous, sometimes the clean and simple designs are just the best xx good luck xx thank you for joining us this time over at http://polkadoodle.blogspot.co.uk/
I adore the colour combo of this Thanks for joining in the fun at Polkadoodles. http://polkadoodle.blogspot.ca/2014/08/wk-34-get-organised-for-christmas.html
I hope you find inspiration from what you have seen on my blog, however please respect my copyright not to have my designs copied or enter them for publication, competitions or for financial gain as your own work.
Молдавская митрополия Московского Патриархата, в очередной раз, ныне с помощью телеканала "PUBLIKA.MD", видеоролик: http://ru.publika.md/link_839901.html распространила клевету против Воскресенского монастыря РПЦЗ и его наместника архимандрита Анфима (Тудос). Целью клеветы является прекращение деятельности монастыря, который не находится в подчинении Молдавской митрополии МП и обман народа о якобы незаконных священнодействиях о. Анфима. Вот перевод видеорепортажа на русский язык:
EVENT CANCELLED DUE TO LOW PARTICIPATION - 5:15pm leave from parking lot behind Dairy Queen, 4467 Mission Blvd., Montclair. Movie Night at Mission Tiki Drive-In, 10798 Ramona Ave., Montclair. They have four screens with two movies playing at each screen, the first movie starting at 7:30 p.m. Bring chairs, etc. on your motorcycle or in your car.
John Fylling is going to the funeral on November 2nd on behalf of the Chapter. If you would like to go with him, he will leave the Target parking lot (7530 Orangethorpe, Buena Park) at 11:00 a.m. Please wear your turquoise shirts and vests if you have them.
Norman Fleer's funeral will be on Friday, November 2, at Dimond & Shannon Mortuary - 10630 Chapman Avenue, Garden Grove.
They will leave at approximately 12:45 p.m. for Riverside National Cemetery - 22495 Van Buren Blvd., Riverside.
7:30am leave from Keno's (5750 E.La Palma Ave., Anaheim) to ride to Chapter CA-1C Rally. Below is a link to flyer.
Month: Apr 2018 May 2018 Jun 2018 Jul 2018 Aug 2018 Sep 2018 Oct 2018 Nov 2018 Dec 2018 Jan 2019 Feb 2019 Mar 2019 Apr 2019 May 2019 Jun 2019 Jul 2019 Aug 2019 Sep 2019 Oct 2019 Nov 2019 Dec 2019 Jan 2020 Feb 2020 Mar 2020 Apr 2020
Week: Sep 2 - Sep 8 Sep 9 - Sep 15 Sep 16 - Sep 22 Sep 23 - Sep 29 Sep 30 - Oct 6 Oct 7 - Oct 13 Oct 14 - Oct 20 Oct 21 - Oct 27 Oct 28 - Nov 3 Nov 4 - Nov 10 Nov 11 - Nov 17 Nov 18 - Nov 24 Nov 25 - Dec 1 Dec 2 - Dec 8 Dec 9 - Dec 15
Viewtiful Rekk (9:00:28 PM): Amado kicked open the door to his room (currently empty) and sat down at his desk, before bringing a palm to his face.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:00:44 PM): "Geez...lost to the Kaiser...then I had to drag Ryuuji's ass to the infirmary again..."
Rakath Chaos (9:01:44 PM): A strange wind blows through the window... which even if Amado closed before leaving is open now.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:03:39 PM): "WHAT THE!?" Amado dives for the floor, and the ball makes a ball-shaped hole in his wall.
Rakath Chaos (9:04:30 PM): Much larger ball of energy takes out a good portion of the wall and the window... which is followed by a cute little green haired girl trying to Kick Amado's head through the floor.
Rakath Chaos (9:05:49 PM): She hops off his head and shakes her own, Wynn seems oddly disappointed. She looks like Wynn the Wind Charmer, but with a scar running long her right cheek.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:05:49 PM): Amado pulls his head up and rolls away from the girl as he gets to his feet, his sword forming in his hands.
Rakath Chaos (9:08:38 PM): She points at a sash tied around her right arm. Then kicks him through another wall. Not either wall with a hole already.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:09:21 PM): "NGH!" Amado flies through yet another wall...except this one leads into somebody else's room.
myushu (9:12:30 PM): And that someone else happens to be a young, pigtailed, girl trying her best to unpack what she could into her room. "This goes here..and this... am I gonna wear this dress? Oh well! This can go right--ACK! WHAT THE HELL!"
Viewtiful Rekk (9:13:47 PM): "Ow, geez!" Amado rubs his head and then looks around at the room and notices the girl.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:14:07 PM): "Sorry, crazy Duel Spirit, hey can I borrow this?" He grabs a parasol in his free hand.
myushu (9:14:44 PM): "What what what!" she stared wide eyed at what was happening. "You.. put that down! No..!"
Rakath Chaos (9:15:51 PM): Wynn flips the bottom of he staff to the front and punches through the parasol with it, for Amado's gut.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:16:18 PM): Amado seems absolutely stymied as the parasol breaks like paper and he takes a punch right to the gut and flies back again.
myushu (9:17:07 PM): "... ...." Jenna's eye twitched as she watches this. "My...that was....an original...from overseas..."
Viewtiful Rekk (9:17:10 PM): "Agh, dammit! Pantera, th' fuck is her problem!?" Is that really relevant right now?
Rakath Chaos (9:18:16 PM): Wynn takes a moment to bow to the girl, open the room's door, then toss Amado out.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:19:12 PM): "Sick of gettin' the crap beat out of me by cute little girls...." He throws his sword up, it spins in the air as it flies at Wynn.
Rakath Chaos (9:20:44 PM): Wynn's eyes glow for a moment and the sword bends back to cut Amado's arm. She then waggles a finger at him.
myushu (9:21:39 PM): "...He had a sword..." she tugs at her pigtails. "Ack... Why don't you two...stop it!! STOP!"
Rakath Chaos (9:24:42 PM): Wynn shakes her head hits Amado with her staff, not really to immobilize him but just insult him.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:24:44 PM): Amado's eyes widen and he looks at Wynn. "...are you...talking in my head or something?"
Viewtiful Rekk (9:28:12 PM): "You could've just asked me that from the start instead of throwing my through what's-her-faces wall!" He gestures to Jenna.
myushu (9:28:55 PM): "...It's not what's-her-face, y'know! It's JENNA. Jenna Masami! And if you two could...shut up or whatever... there's a matter of my broken wall here!!"
Viewtiful Rekk (9:30:05 PM): "Test me. She wants to test me!" Amado rubs his jaw. "Well thanks a lot!"
Viewtiful Rekk (9:31:52 PM): "What the HELL did you do!?" "IT'S HER FAULT, NOT MINE!" He points at Wynn.
myushu (9:33:41 PM): "He went flying right through it! She threw him! Can you believe that? Look at the mess!"
myushu (9:35:39 PM): "Red! Red! My family could've--" Pause. Looks at Wynn. "E...erm...was that...you? Ack.."
Rakath Chaos (9:39:24 PM): Wynn holsters her staff on her back and tries to tune out the excess background noise.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:39:55 PM): Ichirou sighs. "Alright. Tsukayama! You're fixing Masami's wall!" "What?! Why!?" "'Cause I'll flunk your punk ass if you don't!"
Viewtiful Rekk (9:42:07 PM): "Alright. You came here to keep an eye on Tsukayama and his stupid Seal."
Viewtiful Rekk (9:42:42 PM): "Is there any way to keep the violence to a minimum? Preferably to a zero with students who aren't Tsukayama."
Viewtiful Rekk (9:48:17 PM): "What'd she say?" "She asked why you're being left alone, and why you're so lazy." "HEY, I AIN'T LAZY!"
myushu (9:49:20 PM): "...." Jenna's eyelids lower. Talk talk talk. And they called her noisy. "Geh."
Y Ruler of Time (9:50:11 PM): "I SWEAR IT WASN'T ME ICHIROU-SENSEI!" Fuji looks through the various holes in the walls.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:52:24 PM): "Close the stupid Seal's power! I don't care! I'm not so weak that I have to depend on it!"
Rakath Chaos (9:53:08 PM): Wynn facepalms. Grabs Amado by the collar and tosses him lightly across the open area in front of the dorm.
Rakath Chaos (9:57:29 PM): Wynn waves her Staff and she's now... dressed like any other Red student.
Viewtiful Rekk (9:58:07 PM): "You kind of blew your own cover by attacking this idiot." "I hate you guys..."
Rakath Chaos (10:00:38 PM): Wynn casually steps off Amado's head to the roof of Osiris Red. And casually sits down up there.
Viewtiful Rekk (10:03:20 PM): "Right...I'll fix the wall after I sleep off this migraine that I got from being PUNCHED IN THE FACE!"
Viewtiful Rekk (10:04:54 PM): "Challenged the Kaiser, opened up his wounds. I took him to the infirmary, patched him up, tied him down and left."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:05:15 PM): "Gave Ren a big hammer and told her to hit him with it if he tries to escape."
Sinisquirrel (10:05:49 PM): "N-No you won't! And stop yelling, he's not even here!" Ren is holding the big hammer... awkwardly.
Viewtiful Rekk (10:06:19 PM): "...knowing him, he'll probably do something to get himself stuck there for a while."
Y Ruler of Time (10:06:37 PM): "WYNN-SAMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-" small yellow dragon bullet headed for the obviously thinly-disguised charmer.
Sinisquirrel (10:07:41 PM): "I-I think it's worse because I d-don't, Akihara-san. S-So please... don't make me use it."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:08:04 PM): "And to assure that nothing indecent happens, Tsukayama has to stand outside whenever Masami needs to change!"
Y Ruler of Time (10:08:29 PM): If it is at all possible for a three-pound, limbless dragon to tackle-hug a normal-sized young girl, Petit Dragon is doing it.
myushu (10:09:23 PM): "...Geh. If I have to stay in your room...You're going to have to move my stuff there!"
Sinisquirrel (10:09:30 PM): "... a breeze of familiarity?" Wonders Lily quietly somewhere in the school library. "Ah. It's probably nothing." And back to writing notes.
Y Ruler of Time (10:09:48 PM): "Oh, there's this looooooooooooong story I gotta tell ya! Rare Metal-san and I went to see the big big fight between the Fang and his demon-possessed daughter!"
Hinoryu8 (10:10:17 PM): "Well, you could at least let me move so I could show you how to hold that right."
myushu (10:10:54 PM): "That was a one of a kind umbrella from Paris! I can't possibly buy another one!"
Viewtiful Rekk (10:10:57 PM): "Let's not tell everyone things that are better left unsaid, little guy!"
Sinisquirrel (10:11:24 PM): "But if you do anything bad I'll... I'll be really upset..." Heck, she's almost crying as she loosens him up.
Hinoryu8 (10:11:54 PM): "......." I was gonna escape, but... now I don't know if I can... this was a dirty trick, Amadobastard!
myushu (10:12:13 PM): "You should've thought about that before you grabbed my stuff...you had a stupid sword on you!"
Y Ruler of Time (10:14:34 PM): Petit Dragon wriggles free. "Oh! Wynn-sama, there was something I wanted ta ask ya, cause you're real smart and you'd tell me, right?"
Sinisquirrel (10:14:45 PM): "D-Don't worry, it'll only be a little bit longer... then... uh, sensei will check you over and probably check you out..." Nod, nod. "So... how'd it go?"
Viewtiful Rekk (10:17:51 PM): "SHUT IT!" He grabs the first thing (probably belonging to Jenna) that he can find and chucks it at Fuji.
Viewtiful Rekk (10:18:25 PM): "...are you using me as an example for what I think you're using me as an example for?"
Y Ruler of Time (10:18:38 PM): Fuji catches the thrown object. "HaHA! I have prevented both injury and property damage with that reflexive maneuver!"
myushu (10:19:42 PM): Jenna walks over to Fuji, kicking him hard in the shin. "What's wrong with you?!"
Y Ruler of Time (10:22:01 PM): "Besides, if it broke so easily, it must have been a rather worthless shoe!"
myushu (10:23:30 PM): "Cheap parasols?! That wasn't cheap! What's wrong with you people?!" Jenna storms over to Amado, reaching to grab the hell out of his ear. "You have no fucking manners!"
Y Ruler of Time (10:24:05 PM): "A lady should not swear. Normally I don't say that, but normally the only girls who swear around here are Mylene-chan and Isa-chan."
myushu (10:25:05 PM): "You shut up!" she glares at Fuji, dragging Amado into her room. "Do you see this mess now?! You and that stupid girl did it! And you want to laugh at me?! You jerkface!"
Y Ruler of Time (10:26:51 PM): "...Are you sure putting them in the same room is a good idea, Ichirou-sensei?"
myushu (10:26:55 PM): "You better be! Now where is your room? We need to move a few things over there."
myushu (10:27:53 PM): "What? Right there? Then why the hell do I have to move? Yours is disgusting!"
myushu (10:30:41 PM): "Fuck if it isn't! Look at it!" she glares at Amado, kicking him. "Don't you say that! I don't have a billion pairs of shoes! ...I only took about fifty or so..."
Hinoryu8 (10:30:44 PM): Meanwhile, in the infirmary! I hope that food I had hidden in the bookshelf hasn't gone bad yet...
Rakath Chaos (10:31:14 PM): "Ichirou-sensei..." Azrael pauses, stares at Wynn. Petit Dragon is casually discarded as Azrael is grabbed in a Death Hug. "Hi Wynn... it's been a while..."
Y Ruler of Time (10:31:40 PM): He leans over to whisper. It's a Fuji whisper, so, it probably doesn't work. "They're bound to do all sorts of things behind closed doors..."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:32:08 PM): "Like...she beats the crap out of him, and he doesn't do anything because, being a mama's boy, he can't hit girls?"
myushu (10:32:36 PM): "Then stop saying such mean things!" Pause. Glares over at Fuji. "Are you talking about us?"
Viewtiful Rekk (10:32:37 PM): Meanwhile. "....dear, ever get the feeling that your parenting was just complimented?"
Y Ruler of Time (10:32:47 PM): "Ichirou-sensei, don't you see! They absolutely can't stand one another! They must be harboring secret feelings of passion!"
Y Ruler of Time (10:34:07 PM): "There shall be no lucid activity amongst my students!" Dramatic finger thrust into the air.
myushu (10:37:24 PM): "Exactly! You just..." she brushes him aside. "Keep your space and I... well.. Something else has to be done... Ichirou sir!"
myushu (10:38:48 PM): "His room is an awful mess, too.. don't you think it'd be wise if we both..were moved elsewhere? Perhaps there's an extra room in the yellow dorms, maybe..?"
Viewtiful Rekk (10:39:39 PM): "Hey Sullivan! I bet I could levitate this whole dorm with my Seal!" "Hey, I don't care." "SCREW YOU!" Boom.
Rakath Chaos (10:41:32 PM): Finally escaping the hug from Wynn, Azrael flies behind Ichirou, "Hardhat-san, I'm going to guess she's why there are holes in the building and I wanna fly faaaaar south? Why is she here!?"
Viewtiful Rekk (10:48:14 PM): "Long story short: Tsukayama's an idiot, busted up his room and another student's, space is already at a premium in this school, so...mind putting them up for a few days?"
Viewtiful Rekk (10:49:08 PM): "Tsukayama....you can toss him in the basement or something. Other one is Jenna Masami. First year."
Sinisquirrel (10:49:14 PM): "... it's gotta be both?" He doesn't sound all too thrilled about taking on Amado.
Sinisquirrel (10:57:15 PM): "Ah, well! She's a good, kind-hearted girl! Who'll soon have an equally sweet partner..."
myushu (10:58:33 PM): "Yay! I'm going to yellow!" Jenna smiles gleefully, "am I getting my own room~?!"
myushu (10:59:39 PM): "...ufufufu..." Jenna smiles, a hand delicately placed over her lips. "How nice."
There are numerous great sonography Websites and blogs for professionals in this field who want to stay on top of the latest news and information for their careers. You could easily compile a list of 50 sonography Websites and blogs, and they would all be very useful. These five Websites and five blogs are a great place to start, though. They all have plenty of visitors, lots of recently updated information and credibility in the industry.
1. Aunt Minnie: This Website, found online at AuntMinnie.com, is an excellent forum for industry professionals such as business managers, members of organized medicine, radiologists and technologists. If you want to meet others in the profession to network and collaborate with, this is a great site for you.
2. Diagnostic Imaging: Go to DiagnosticImaging.com to find out about the latest developments across all segments of the field of diagnostic radiology.
3. Health Imaging: This site, HealthImaging.com, boasts “Images, information and knowledge across the enterprise.”
4. Image Radiology Magazine: RT-Image.com is “the source for radiology professionals,” with everything from job listings to CEO directories to data sheets to informative articles and much, much more.
5. Learning Radiology: This is a great resource if you are a student or new to the field. Regular features at Learningradiology.com include a case of the week, an image DDX, quizzes and more.
1. American Journal of Neuroradiology: Find everything neuroradiology-related at this blog site, including editorials, cases, book reviews and more.
2. Americans for Responsible Imaging: The ARI blog site features doctors and patients from the world of medical imaging who are focused on preserving the healthcare system in the United States.
3.Free Ultrasound Machine Reviews and Tips: If you are looking for evaluations of diagnostic ultrasound equipment with details about 3D and 4D ultrasound techniques, image quality and user friendliness, visit GPS Medical President Brian Gill’s blog.
4. Imaging Informatics News: Everything related to medical imaging informatics is discussed in this blog, including news on CAD, PACS, RIS, image acquisition, processing enhancement and more.
5. Sonography News: All the diagnostic medical ultrasound imaging news that you need to know now is right here in this blog.
Find best sonography schools or sonography college programs on SonographySchoolsU.com and start your path to a rewarding career. SonographySchoolsU.com is an online education resource offering information about top sonography schools/ Ultrasound Technician Schools that offers best sonography programs in various disciplines.
Here are 2 great examples of 3 dimensional prop use in outdoor advertising. Add dimension and impact with eps
foam props. Light and durable. Thanks to Cactus for the challenge and Ted Mills, owner Hi Country Signs Inc. in
Wall Mounted Tv Cabinet Custom Carpentry Wall Mounted Unit Mounted Unit Wall Mounted Tv Stand Designs
May 27, 2018 takeabreakNo Comment on Wall Mounted Tv Cabinet Custom Carpentry Wall Mounted Unit Mounted Unit Wall Mounted Tv Stand Designs
wall mounted tv cabinet custom carpentry wall mounted unit mounted unit wall mounted tv stand designs.
Eye in the Sky Sports specializes in live streaming and video on demand sports. We partner with high schools and sports complexes and provide them with an easy solution for live streaming and recording their events.
Description: Rare offering, only 20 minutes from Metro North and 90 minutes from Manhattan. Featuring majestic 180 degree Hudson River views and direct Hudson River access, this 8000 SF 3-story residence has been renovated and restored with careful attention to its original details and historic character while also fulfilling modern day priorities. Beautifully sited on a terrace 50 feet above the Hudson with sweeping views from the expansive 1600 SF porch and the interior of the mansion, you will find gleaming oak and parquet floors throughout, original woodwork and custom carpentry, formal living and dining rooms, warm library, and 5 generous bedrooms with luxurious baths. The lower level provides additional space perfect for studio, office or extended entertainment space. Included is a warm and welcoming guest house, which checks all boxes of today’s taste, featuring many original 1840 features with a contemporary kitchen and 2 updated baths, great for guests, family or staff. There are four working fireplaces in the mansion with another 4 ready for improvements on the second floor. The roof was replaced with lead coated copper, an extremely durable roofing material with a long lifespan suitable for historic buildings. In addition, there are several well preserved outbuildings - ice house (being used as a garage), stone incubator and smoke house. The Alton B. Parker House is architecturally significant as a distinctive example of a Hudson Valley mid-19th century country house. This is a truly magnificent Hudson River compound.
The Alton B. Parker House, also known as The Rosemount Estate, was added to the New York State Register of Historic Places and is nominated for the National Register for its association with Alton Brooks Parker (1852-1926) who resided there with his family from 1898 to 1926. The same year he purchased the estate, he was elected Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals and held office until he ran against the sitting President Theodore Roosevelt in the 1904 presidential election. He was nominated by the Democratic National Convention in St. Louis in his absence and delivered his acceptance speech on the lawn of his Esopus estate in presence of party officials, press and lauding supporters who mostly arrived by boat disembarking at the Parker landing. After losing the election, Parker returned to practicing law and tending to his beloved and expanding estate farm with orchards, greenhouse, gardens, and ice house.
The data on this website relating to real estate comes from the (IDX) of the Multiple Listing Service of Ulster County. Real estate listings of brokerage firms other than Ruth Gale Realty are marked with the IDX logo and the detailed information about them includes the listing broker's name. This information is provided exclusively for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. All information provided is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed and should be independently verified.
Copyright © 2018 by the Multiple Listing Service of Ulster County and Ruth Gale Realty. All rights reserved.
Franklin Borough School is offering free, full-day preschool to 26 students starting in January 2019.
Registration can be completed online by clicking the registration tab or in person at the school office.
Documented proof from the doctor of the child's immunizations (including Influenza, which must be administered by December 31, 2018).
A lottery will take place on November 19th, at 9:00 a.m. in the event that more than 26 students apply. Note: only applicants who provide proof of residency and the child's original birth certificate will be included in the lottery.
Earlier posts Select Month November 2018 December 2017 November 2017 August 2017 January 2017 November 2016 October 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 March 2015 November 2014 September 2014 April 2014 January 2014 May 2013 March 2013 January 2013 November 2012 May 2012 March 2012 January 2012
Every day is Remembrance Day when working with war memorials, but as November 11 rolls around each year, the “For King and Country” team aims for an extra push.
Toronto Branch is pleased to add 3,026 names (from 10 schools) to our database in time for this year’s Lest We Forget observances.
November 9th, 2012 | Posted by Jane | Tags: Agincourt Continuation School, Century School, Diefenbaker Public School, East York schools, John A. Leslie Public School, Midland Avenue School, Plains Road Public School, R.H. McGregor Public School, Remembrance Day, Scarborough schools, Toronto, war memorials, William Burgess Public School | Category: Database updates, East York schools, Remembrance Day, Scarborough schools, Toronto schools | Leave a comment
TI forums are full of interesting threads, amazing giveaways, tutorials, competitions, tracker news, free seedboxes and more!
As you know recently there has been some restructuring with regards to the categories. We have now introduced a new category and it is a blanket category for all things not TV with the exception of porn which is not allowed here, period.
However, we do recognize that some of our members may wish to request something that is outside the scope of television, and to meet that recognition hence the introduction of the new category.
If you wish to request a ebook, game, movie or song you are free to do so. This is just a way for us to try and provide for all of you to help you out in your pursuit of something that you may well not be able to find elsewhere.
We'd like to encourage our users to invite their trusted friends to What.CD. As part of our birthday celebration, we're offering ONE BONUS INVITE! to everyone in the User and Member classes who meet the following conditions:
You must be active on the site (defined as: 5GB downloaded or 3.5 GB uploaded or 5 uploads or 25 posts)
For everyone else, we'll be running the invites script early. You can find your invites by visiting your Invite Page. It is our sincere hope that you'll take the time to thoughtfully consider people you know who belong in the What.CD community. Welcome aboard, newcomers!
Remember: Invites must be used responsibly. Under no circumstances should you invite users who have had or currently have accounts. Under no circumstances should you trade or sell your invites. Under no circumstances should you offer your invites in public, or respond to public invite requests. If you aren't familiar enough with the user to trust them, we suggest not inviting them.
accounts, bonus, cd, classes, download, download music, ds, have, invite, invites, music, music trackers, news, private trackers, privileges, requests, sell, site, time, torrents, trackers, trade, trusted, what.cd, whatcd
Discover new authors and their books in our eBook. Download free comics. NewComic. lexmark t645 manual is one of the largest sources of the most outstanding collections of comics presented in the online area. We try to provide. Download and read free comics and comic books on your iPhone, iPad, Kindle Fire, Android, Windows, browser and more.
The bitterness of poor quality remains long after the sweetness of low price is forgotten – Benjamin Franklin
Spend time with her family and friends and talk to them about her possible preference in womens diamond wedding bands denton. You can even just ask her which band she’s interested in. Moreover, you may look for a new wedding band together. Make sure the womens diamond wedding band goes with the engagement ring. Buy a womens diamond wedding band that compliments you and your partner’s traits. This guide only illustrates the basics. Selecting a diamond wedding band is all about getting to know each other rather than just the trend alone.
To begin with, choose the rock, style as well as shade suiting the character of your cherished. If you are planning to present a ruby Engagement Ring Flower Mound to your cherished, do an extensive study on rubies. Diamonds come in numerous styles and colors. Likewise reduced, quality as well as carat weight of the ruby, is a facet which must not be missed out on. Developer rings can be the among one of the most beautiful and dear existing for your lover. In case of developer engagement ring, you can add that personal touch to your ring. For example, you could review with developer as well as let him know your needs and demand quick Jewelry Repair Denton online.
A specialist full service jeweler will have the ability to assess your items and recommend the suitable repairs. However, Jewelry Repair Denton solutions are not just for the severe concerns. Bring your jewelry right into the repair division is quite akin to bring your cars and truck in for an oil change. Most of us know that it needs to occur occasionally however, we maintain putting it off until the oil gets extremely filthy. When you start to see the clarity of your engagement ring lessen, it’s time for a little service stop.
When buying fine jewelry on your own or a loved one, there are many advantages to buying from regional jewelers. Not just do in your area established jewelers lug better top quality jewelry, yet they are also more well-informed concerning ruby high quality and jewelry patterns. The Best Jeweler In Highland Village additionally supply services such as jewelry repair as well as remediation, as well as developing a rapport with a jeweler could lead to a long lasting specialist relationship.
You can also shop for best engagement Rings Highland Village online. Many credible on-line kept give terrific choices to select from. Thus it not only saves time yet likewise provides you with every minute detail about a certain ring. There you could search rings with a large number of styles, made out of different rocks, for example, if you are tired with diamond engagement rings, you can enter into the web link which notifies concerning ruby jewelry rings or vintage engagement rings.
If engagement rings would not have been that vital, then numerous celebrities would have roaming without it. Females enjoy boasting regarding their Engagement Rings Highland Village. So, buy an engagement ring with treatment as well as perseverance. We all know that gifting rings is a crucial part of several societies. However have we ever believed that why is it just rings, as well as why not jewelries or pendants. There is a solid reason behind it. Ring is circular fit. Being circular indicates it has no ending as well as no start. To puts it simply we could say that if we present rings, let it be ruby engagement rings or diamond jewelry rings to our enthusiast, the ring will certainly get similar energy i.e. it will make our love everlasting, without start and also no ending.
Great jewelry is always an amazing existing to offer for any unique celebration. It’s priceless to see the glimmer in your loved one’s eyes when they unpack such a present. Nevertheless, many individuals forget that, like all large ticket products, jewelry needs to be maintained for many years. Also finely crafted jewelry could obtain unclean, scraped or broken with time. This is when you need to count on Jewelry Repair Denton solutions.
Types of best wedding bands denton consist of traditional, antique, hand-woven, and also personalized wedding bands. A conventional womens ruby Wedding Bands Denton is typically developed with simplicity and with one diamond. Although simple in design, there are several kinds to choose from. For example, you could pick a band with a timeless claw-like prong or an easy single-band bezel setting that holds the diamond.
Picking a females diamond wedding band is actually not as difficult as you may point. The only need is that you simply find out very fundamental understanding regarding diamond Wedding Bands Denton. Here, you will certainly discover the selection of ruby wedding bands and ways to pick the very best. You could get a wedding band from your household. On the other hand, you as well as your partner may like antique-looking pieces and choose shopping together for a brand-new antique-looking ring.
The term blog is actually derived from the word Weblog or Web log. Back in the days, around the late 1990’s, these Web logs were utilized by individuals to track updates and references to other resources online.
This is America’s most popular floor furnace and needs no electricity to operate. With its whole-house heating capability, you will be in total comfort for a fraction of the cost of electric heat.
The Empire Floor Furnace needs no electricity to operate, and starts with a matchless pushbutton piezo ignition. Units available in three Btu ratings, in LP or Natural Gas:
Snap a photo to sell, buy what you want by chatting with sellers right from the app. Get the Free App
GoDaddy Auctions® sellers are responsible for ensuring that offered domain names do not infringe on third-party trademarks.
We limit unverified accounts to 2 bids and $1,500 in total bids. To verify your account and remove these limits, enter your PayPal account info. Learn more
Note: This doesn`t add your PayPal account to your GoDaddy Auctions payment methods. To do this, go to the Settings page.
Your PayPal account verification failed. Make sure your PayPal account has a confirmed payment method.
We sent an email containing a confirmation link to your PayPal email address. Click that link to complete your account verification and have your bid limits removed.
Public transport should be free. The NSW government could get rid of fares with a mere 20 per cent increase to its current transport outlay. Even then they would still have a $3 billion budget surplus on 2018’s figures.
But until fares are abolished, we have to take things into our own hands. That’s right, public transport can be free—if you want it. Enter fare evasion. You’re not going to harm the state’s bottom line if you don’t buy a ticket: the government estimates it loses $80 million each year to fare evasion, which is a tiny fraction of the $1.2 billion it made from passenger services this year. That $80 million loss in revenue isn’t going to reduce the quality of transport either: the government already funds public transport to the tune of about $5 billion per year.
Let’s begin with trains, arguably the easiest mode to subvert. Some train stations in the suburbs have pissweak ticket verification systems, and if there aren’t gates, you can just walk out.
But sadly most train trips involve gates at some point. Sometimes you can jump over the weird, red triangly thing, but with NSW rolling out body sized gates this classic method is becoming obsolete.
Failing this, those among you with friends might find it exhilarating to rush through behind them before the fly trap ensnares you. But it’s positively exhilarating to do so behind a total stranger.
But, if none of these options will do, most stations have some way around the gates. At Wynyard, for instance, there’s a sneaky glass pane next to the gate, near the big fuckoff York St escalators. Since it’s less than a metre off the ground, people might be able to jump over it. Failing that, with enough force one can bust through the gap between the plastic pads, or, for those with a more deft touch, scale the gate.
The natural enemy in all of this are public transit staff. Most don’t give a fuck—it’s the Transport Officers (TOs) you have to watch out for.
Transport Officers are authorised under the Passenger Transport (General) Regulation to determine if riders have valid tickets, and may issue fines to punish offenders. They can approach commuters if they’re in the vehicle, in a station’s restricted area, or if they’ve recently left either. They can also compel you to provide your name and identification. Importantly, though, Transport Officers only have the same powers of arrest as any other citizen—that is, they have to be certain you are committing or have just committed a crime before they can detain you. They’re also not explicitly allowed to use force, so even if you are caught, if you run away it’s possible they won’t give chase.
Best make sure they actually are TOs though. In the past few years the police have begun to assume more responsibility for enforcing fares. That means they can arrest you if they have reasonable suspicion you’ve committed a crime and can compel you to give identification and your name. Most importantly, you can’t run from these guys without committing a serious offence, so be careful!
To avoid TOs and transport police, join one of the many private Facebook groups that provide regular updates on their whereabouts. [redacted] is a good one. Also if you’re on a train, you can normally see TOs as you draw up to the platform, and unless they walk onto your carriage it’s normally possible to avoid them before the next stop by moving through carriages. Finally, if they’re loitering outside the gate at your destination, wait it out in the toilets until they’ve moved on.
Evading fares on buses can be a tall order, since drivers often deny access to free riders. The best approach is to ask the driver for the relevant fare, before presenting a note they’re unlikely to have change for (a $20 may do, but a $50 should guarantee it). They may well let you on for free.
Another strategy is to get a friend to ask the driver where the bus stops and then slip in unnoticed during the ensuing exchange.
Or you could just walk on. You could even mime tapping your Opal card, letting out a falsetto bing as you do so. But for those out there who fancy themselves wordsmiths there is another way: attempting to persuade the driver to just let you on because a) you really need to get there (the empathy approach), b) you didn’t mean for this to happen and you normally pay (the law-abiding citizen defence), or c) they don’t get paid more for stopping fare evasion, so actually they’re increasing their exploitation by increasing their employer’s revenue without proportional compensation (the Marxian attack).
I have nothing useful to say to those who catch the ferry: you could always jump overboard and swim ashore. But, given you live by the harbour, I suspect you can just cop the fare.
No one should feel guilty about evading fares, especially those among us who have no other option. In fact, as you use the methods we’ve disclosed hopefully a different feeling takes hold: the feeling of defiant stingery.
We acknowledge the traditional custodians of this land, the Gadigal people of the Eora Nation. The University of Sydney – where we write, publish and distribute Honi Soit – is on the sovereign land of these people. As students and journalists, we recognise our complicity in the ongoing colonisation of Indigenous land. In recognition of our privilege, we vow to not only include, but to prioritise and centre the experiences of Indigenous people, and to be reflective when we fail to be a counterpoint to the racism that plagues the mainstream media.
‘West Wind Blows’ was a massive hit in Japan. It is the opening track of the CD titled ‘Cry Wolf’ which was released only in Japan in 1989
Originally named Heroes, Cry Wolf was formed in the San Francisco East Bay Area with Tim Hall (vocals), Steve McKnight (guitar), Phil Deckard (bass), John Freixas (drums) and JC Crampton (Keyboards) in the mid-1980s.
In 1986, the band moved to Los Angeles and started working the Hollywood club circuit, soon thereafter recruiting Hall’s friend Paul Cancilla on drums. Soon after, keyboardist JC Crampton left the band, and they were forced to change the band’s name. A contest was held in the local BAM Magazine, with the person(s) coming up with the winning name winning Mötley Crüe/Whitesnake concert tickets. The name “Cry Wolf” was chosen out of hundreds of entries.
Looking to set themselves apart from the thousands of other bands flooding into Los Angeles in the late ‘80s, the band gave away their four-song demo to anyone willing to sign their mailing list. Soon, however, the demo was garnering international attention. Kelv Hellrazer (“Metal Forces” magazine) described the four song demo the best he’d ever heard, and further stated “I know it’s all been said before but I kid you not. Cry Wolf almost defy description. The legend begins here!”. Billboard magazine even recognized Cry Wolf as “One of the top five unsigned bands in the world” (The only other American band being the then unknown Pantera).
The success of the demo, along with their growing reputation as one of most energetic and powerful live bands playing in Los Angeles, Cry Wolf was given the unprecedented invitation to tour Japan in February 1989 as an “unsigned” band (releasing their original demo as a limited-edition “Red Vinyl” EP via Monster Records). This was short-lived, however, as the band was promptly offered a recording contract from Epic/Sony on the night of their first show of their tour, which by then had completely sold out.
In September 1989, the band returned to Japan for a month-long sold-out tour to support their critically acclaimed self-titled debut on Epic/Sony, which featured the Beatles song “I Am The Walrus” and the immensely popular “West Wind Blows”, a hit video on MTV Japan.
Charade is the band formely known as Bonfire. A self-titled album was recorded in 1993 before the name change. When Claus Lessmann left the band, Michael Bormann joined and recorded this album. It was shelved by the band’s record company and the group went their separate ways. After Claus Lessmann and Hans Ziller purchased the rights to the name of Bonfire and music from 1986–1991, Michael Bormann and Angel Schleifer decided to give the previously shelved album a chance. It was picked up by a Japanese record company and under a new name it was released. Jörg Deisinger and Edgar Patrik provide the bass and drums to the album but declined to be included in the line-up.
Babylon Shakes planning on full-length release of ‘Exile To The Velveteen Lounge’ album in 2019 November 14, 2018
© 2018 Hair-Metal.com. Powered by All things Hair & Glam Metal! All videos hosted on 3rd party sites like youtube.
IMPACT: Developing an integrated model to predict abiotic habitat conditions and biota of rivers for application in climate change research and water management. IWRM-net Project: 2010-2013.
When Black Belt Theater went off the air more than trzydziestu years ago, it marked the end of the Shaw Brothers films being shown on American television ( with exception to a brief airing on the NA JUKATAN network ). This year the El Ray network signed a deal with Celestial for the television broadcast rights to 255 films from the Shaw Brothers library.
Beautybasics By Issy is a leading beauty and hair salon in Auburn, WA, can give you the beauty treatment you deserve. When you visit us, you’ll have the chance to relax in our friendly and comfortable atmosphere while we do the necessary work to enhance your look. We’re known for our excellent customer service and attention to detail, and we’ll do everything possible to earn your loyalty and respect.
Introducing the new SPRINT scooter...another ultra value from the world's leading Ezzyrider scooter brand. The Ezzyrider SPRINT scooter packs more standard features and value than any other in its class. The SPRINT scooter will comfortably get you where you want to go. Indoors, outdoors, or even taken along to the mall, the SPRINT scooter has the perfect combination of indoor maneuverabily, outdoor performance and durability, as well effortless disassembly to easily travel with you anywhere. Ezzyrider, the mobility brand reknown for innovation, quality and dependability.
This site is best viewed with a screen setting of 1024x768 with 64K colors (16-bit color). Latest Flash player is needed.
You can add attachments when you post a new post. You should see a Add an Attachment form below the main posting box. When you click the Browse... button the standard Open dialogue window for your computer will open. Browse to the file you want to attach, select it and click OK, Open or doubleclick according to your liking and/or the correct procedure for your computer. If you choose to add a comment in the File Comment field this comment will be used as a link to the attached file. If you haven't added a comment the filename itself will be used to link to the attachment. If the board administrator has allowed it you will be able to upload multiple attachements by following the same procedure as described above until you reach the max allowed number of attachments for each post.
The board administrator sets an upper limit for filesize, defined file extensions and other things for attachments on the board. Be aware that it's your responsiblity that your attachments comply with the boards acceptance of use policy, and that they may be deleted without warning.
Please note that the boards owner, webmaster, administrator or moderators can not and will not take responsibility for any loss of data.
To add an attachment after the initial posting you'll need to edit your post and follow the description above. The new attachment will be added when you click Submit to add the edited post.
To delete attachments you'll need to edit your post and click on the Delete Attachment next to the attachment you want to delete in the Posted Attachments box. The attachment will be deleted when you click Submit to add the edited post.
To update a file comment you'll need to edit your post, edit the text in the File Comment field and click on the Update Comment button next to the file comment you want to update in the Posted Attachments box. The file comment will be updated when you click Submit to add the edited post.
Most probably the file or Extension is no longer allowed on the forum, or a moderator or administrator has deleted it for being in conflict with the boards acceptance of use policy.
On some forums adding attachments may be limited to certain users or groups. To add attachments you may need special authorisation, only the forum moderator and board admin can grant this access, you should contact them.
The board administrator sets an upper limit for filesize, file extensions and other things for attachments on the board. A moderator or administrator may have altered your permissions, or discontinued attachments in the specific forum. You should get an explanation in the error message when trying to add an attachment, if not you might consider contacting the moderator or administrator.
On some forums deleting attachments may be limited to certain users or groups. To delete attachments you may need special authorisation, only the forum moderator and board admin can grant this access, you should contact them.
On some viewing/downloading forums attachments may be limited to certain users or groups. To view/download attachments you may need special authorisation, only the forum moderator and board admin can grant this access, you should contact them.
You should contact the administrator of this board. If you cannot find who this is you should first contact one of the forum moderators and ask them who you should in turn contact. If you still get no response you should contact the owner of the domain (do a whois lookup) or, if this is running on a free service (e.g. yahoo, free.fr, f2s.com, etc.), the management or abuse department of that service. Please note that phpBB Group has absolutely no control and cannot in any way be held liable over how, where or by whom this board is used. It is absolutely pointless contacting phpBB Group in relation to any legal (cease and desist, liable, defamatory comment, etc.) matter not directly related to the phpbb.com website or the discrete software of phpBB itself. If you do email phpBB Group about any third party use of this software then you should expect a terse response or no response at all.
In 2018, Black Violin continued their successful Classical Boom tour, opening in their hometown of Ft. Lauderdale, FL at the Broward Center. This tour is a follow up to the successful 2016-17 UNITY tour, which saw 28 sold-out public performances.
Recently, Black Violin was announced as the Turnaround Artist for Mary B. Bethune Elementary School in their hometown of Broward County, FL. Turnaround Arts, a national education program of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, infuses arts into struggling schools to support overall reform efforts. Founded by President Obama’s Committee on the Arts and the Humanities in 2012, the program partners schools with music instrument grants, arts supplies, professional development, musicals, and pairs each school with an artist to provide mentorship, inspiration, and support for the school’s journey in the program. Turnaround Artists include Elton John, Edward Norton, and Yo-Yo Ma, among other highly acclaimed members of the arts community.
Black Violin served as the house band for ESPN’s Annual Heisman Memorial Trophy Presentation for the second consecutive year. In the Fall of 2017, the network selected Black Violin’s track “Stereotypes” to promote the US Open tennis tournament.
Black Violin’s most recent record, Stereotypes, debuted at #1 on the Billboard R&B chart. NPR praised the album and band, saying “their music will keep classical music alive for the next generation.”
“Black Violin upends cultural and musical stereotypes… an unexpected blend of classically trained musicianship and hip-hop beats and inventiveness.” -Miami Herald
44D bikini - Keresés a termékek között - 【ツ】Melltartó-Fürdőruha Webshop, Angelina Fehérnemű Webáruház
Weekly updates content. All video clips HD Now you can watch clips from the gynecologists. Available 50 exclusive clips (HD) >14h video, also many others & many photo)! And this is only the beginning! Our videos are in original language (rus), and are complemented with extensive high quality photo sets. Get your Access now, lean back and enjoy!
We are not a commercial project! Please support us. By paying a subscription, you help us to make new videos. On our site there is no porn! We make beautiful erotica. We work since 2016
This web is an adult entertainment site only created for ADULTS you must have 18 years or more to enter. Important Notice: In compliance with United States Code, Title 18, Section 2257, all models, actors, actresses and other persons who appear in any visual depiction of sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in or at this site were over the age of eighteen years at the time of the creation of such depictions. The records required pursuant to 18 USC 2257 pertaining to this production and all materials associated here are on file with the 2257 records.
Главная | Speed dating events newcastle nsw | Polish dating melbourne | Dating chat room india | Ayrshire dating websites | California city dating | Dating norman guitars | Over 40 dating in kent | Who has cameron dallas dating | Memphis gay dating | Japanese dating game show | Online dating questionnaire
Explore sex dating, meet swingers, find local sex near you on the best online adult dating site on the web. Whether you are looking to hookups, casual dating, married ...
Meet sexy wild women and men in canada on the only free chat line where hot girls and guys are on there live. CA Free Chat Line is the place to meet single canadian ...
Meet Local Swingers Fast with SDC! Sign up with Swingers Date Club today and become part of the world’s largest international swinging lifestyle community!
Meet thousands of local Montreal singles, as the worlds largest dating site we make dating in Montreal easy! Plentyoffish is 100% Free, unlike paid dating sites.
You've been looking for the perfect getaway, just to get out of town, to relax and enjoy life, well, you've found the right place. The cycling trails are at our ...
FRAME NUMBER BICYCLE DATING GUIDE . HOW OLD IS MY BICYCLE? ‘How old is my bicycle?’ is a question I get asked a lot, nearly as much as: ‘I have a bicycle that ...
Meet thousands of local Brossard singles, as the worlds largest dating site we make dating in Brossard easy! Plentyoffish is 100% Free, unlike paid dating sites.
THE DUCHESS OF ARGYLL Eleanor Cadbury married Torquhil Ian Campbell, 13th Duke of Argyll and head of one of Scotland’s most powerful clans, in 2002.
About the University Western Washington University, with over 15,000 students in seven colleges and the graduate school, is nationally recognized for its educational programs, students and faculty. The campus is located in Bellingham, Washington, a coastal community of 83,000 overlooking Bellingham Bay, the San Juan Islands and the North Cascades Mountain range. The city lies 90 miles north of Seattle and 60 miles south of Vancouver, British Columbia. Western is the highest-ranking public, master's-granting university in the Pacific Northwest, according to the 2017 U.S. News & World Report rankings.
About the Department Huxley College of the Environment Dean's Office support Western's mission, which states that together with our students, staff, and faculty, we are committed to making a positive impact in the state and the world with a shared focus on academic excellence and inclusive achievement. We encourage applications from women, people of color, people with disabilities, veterans, and other candidates from underrepresented backgrounds and with diverse experiences interested in this opportunity.
As our Administrative Assistant 3, under the direction of the Dean and the College Operations Manager, you will provide support and assistance for the purpose of facilitating the day-to-day operations of the College office, including administrative support, scholarship budget tracking, committee support and evaluation procedure support.
Primary responsibility for office operations including incoming calls, inquiries, and mail; greet visitors and direct them appropriately; maintain office supply inventory and equipment; prepare conference room and coordinate College meetings (scheduling; creating and distributing materials; producing minutes)
Liaison between Dean's office and departments and programs; inform department chairs, institute directors, academic liaisons and staff of schedules and project deadlines
Maintain office records and files according to established records retention schedule and ensure confidentiality of personnel evaluation records
Manage time entry for LEAD, update supervisors on student sick leave, distribute work study report to supervisors, track LEAD work study awards
Assist Huxley College Student Support advisors with answering phones, greeting customers, and scheduling appointments
Provide administrative support for the College Scholarship, Research and Creative Opportunities Committee and Policy Committee
Follow Student Business Office policies and procedures; cash handling, inventory tracking and auditing, event sales, etc.
Order and track inventory using Access database and manual inventory count; request annual audit from Huxley College supervisor or assigned staff member
Participate in yearly cash handling training; ensure that all cash handlers have participated in training through Student Business Office
Organize and oversee Huxley Gear event sales, typically two in an academic year, requiring cash fund requests and iPad check out for cash and credit card sales
Ensure account balances in scholarship funds and communicate available scholarships to Scholarship Committee
Ensure that correct student grievance procedures and timelines are followed and maintain confidentiality
Provide administrative support to Western Foundation Development Director (monthly donor thank-you cards and letters and other mailings for Huxley College)
Four years of increasingly responsible experience providing secretarial assistance to executive level administrator, including the ability to exercise judgment, confidentiality and discretion
Demonstrated ability to efficiently organize and prioritize tasks, meet deadlines and work independently
Ability to work effectively under multiple deadlines and in high pressure situations with frequent interruptions
Demonstrated ability to follow established procedures and generate high-quality work with careful attention to detail
Ability to work effectively with diverse students, staff, faculty and administrators, as well as with external contacts
Bargaining Unit This position is part of bargaining unit D and is covered by the collective bargaining agreement with Public School Employees of WWU.
A cover letter and resume are required and should address your experience related to the position responsibilities and the required and preferred qualifications.
Western Washington University (WWU) is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to assembling a diverse, broadly trained faculty and staff. Women, minorities, people with disabilities and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. In compliance with applicable laws and in furtherance of its commitment to fostering an environment that welcomes and embraces diversity, WWU does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and parenting status), disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status or genetic information in its programs or activities, including employment, admissions, and educational programs. See WWU’s Policy on Ensuring Equal Opportunity and Prohibiting Discrimination and Retaliation. Inquiries may be directed to the Vice Provost for Equal Opportunity and Employment Diversity, Title IX and ADA Coordinator, Equal Opportunity Office, Western Washington University, Old Main 345 (MS 9021), 516 High Street, Bellingham, WA 98225; 360.650.3307 (voice) or 711 (Washington Relay); eoo@wwu.edu
WWU is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities upon request. To request this document in an alternate format or to request an accommodation, please contact Human Resources Disability Services, 360.650.3774 or 711 (Washington Relay).
Annual Security and Fire Safety Report: This report is provided pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (“The Clery Act”). It includes statistics for the previous three calendar years concerning reported crimes that occurred on Western’s campus; in certain off-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by Western; and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from, the campus. The report also includes institutional policies concerning campus security, such as policies concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. You can obtain a copy of this report in printed or alternate formats by contacting the office of the Vice President for enrollment and Student Services. The report can be found at http://www.wwu.edu/vpess/annualsafetyreport.shtml.
All new employees must comply with the immunization policy and show employment eligibility verification as required by the U.S. Citizen and Immigration Service before beginning work at WWU. A thorough background check will be conducted on all new hires.
swift11... welcome to the Linuxmce community where you can have the best idea in the world but you won't be listened to until you make significant contributions. For better or for worse, it's very much a meritocracy.
I've seen so many people here who think that developers should do this or do that.. I just wanted to point out that this is not how opensource works. Somebody needs code.. he writes it. He decides to make it open/free for others to be able to use and extend it, too. There is no democratic process or some kind of a voting system involved. Davegravy seems to also think it should be like that.
I speak french, dutch, german and english, but to be really polite is very difficult in any foreign language.
Back to the topic: I consider a forum as a perfect brainstorming place, sort of a meeting place for developers, users, etc.
The Intel AppUp developer program Million Dollar Development Fund provides support to developers with the objective of reducing barrier to entry for new application development and accelerating time to market.
The development fund is available to individual and student developers as well as small, medium and large software companies who submit applications.
Intel AppUp developer program Accelerator 2010 is a component of the Million Dollar Development Fund. Under this program, Intel will provide funding to software developers and companies looking to speed time to market for applications that bring new user experiences to netbook consumers.
The netbook has become one of the most popular consumer devices in the market today, but its true potential has been limited by applications that are not optimized for its mobility and smaller screen size. Through Intel AppUp developer program Accelerator 2010, we are looking for breakthrough applications that demonstrate new user experiences designed for Intel Atom processor-based netbooks, show potential for significant growth and broad consumer appeal.
(2) It wioluld allow us to construct a reference platform of known hardware that will be supported now and in the future, across two current processor architectures, X86 and ARM.
I have not backed down from this assesment, and I am saddened to see that so many see my thoughts as being narrow minded or short sighted. They're not. I am trying to mitigate as many of the flaws inherent in this stack as humanly possible, and I have spent almost two years thinking on this very subject so far,
Watching the development over the last two years I think that having clearly defined supported hardware would help aide adoption as long as the hardware is as reasonably priced (if it isn't and people are forced to move to new hardware due to an architecture change current users will get frusterated and new users will be terrified by the price point). Much of the home automation items I've found are relatively expensive (zwave switches, existing home security alarm IP integration, etc). On the flip side, I know that over the last year alot of fantastic strides have been made by the project community to help show support interoperability in the wiki by adding the supportabiliy matrix to each article, and users post their current setup on the user section.
As a relatively new person in the arena of programming, I don't fully grasp what would be required from a programming standpoint to migrate the LMCE code base from a Kubuntu OS to the Meego mobile OS though I do understand that developer time on this project is a very precious commodity and if a significant amount of effort is entailed with end user purchasing requirements the decision must be made carefully.
Personally I've gone back and forth about the hardware issue: unless you know of someone (either personally or via the wiki) who has tried and tested whatever you happen to be looking at, you're rolling the dice on whether the hardware will integrate successfully with MCE. Though on the flip side I enjoy the spirit of challenge that's associated with the 'open-ness' of the platform and applications. I also enjoy that with a few stipulations (stick with nvidia graphics controllers and intel/amd cpus) you should be able to get most if not all hardware working if you're willing to step up to the challenge. I've had more than one evening of utter frustration banging my head against a piece of hardware not understanding where the issue was (the UIRT comes to mind, and a pesky NIC issue I had a while back) but these items helped grow my ability to troubleshoot and understand the architecture more.
I believe it comes down to market - what is the goal or target audience of the project at this point in time? To gather developer interest, to gather as many (layman) users as possible or to gather more technical users who don't mind pushing themselves to jump in the code? I'm thinking all of those sound good, but there's always a priority, what's top priority? Whatever it ends up being, hopefully that helps to cast some light on an answer.
If I were an interested developer, would I know where to focus my efforts (The Roadmap Wiki link above that I'm looking at is broken, for example)? Would I develop whatever aspect of Linuxmce seemed interesting to me, personally, instead of focusing on common goal(s)?
What do you end up with when you have a bunch of developers doing their own thing? Will the end product be disjointed?
as long as there is no specific supporting business behind a project, I as an open source developer (poohh, what a statement, /me a dev, and OSS dev never the less...), work on the stuff, I like to work on. And I got the feeling, most people in the -devel channel do the same thing.
This does not mean, the project will be disjointed, on the contrary. We test each others stuff, we talk about each others stuff. That's how we get progress.
A very good example is los93sol's work on the asterisk problems. He started using the telecom part of the system, and could not stand the issues. So he learned about asterisk, the dialplan, and so on, talked in -devel about his findings, and about the way he would fix things, and everybody took turns in shooting down his ideas. But he prevailed AND fixed a lot of bugs in doing so.
To go back in time, before the 710 release, I wanted to get the Maemo orbiter more easily installable. So I went ahead, and build deb packages (after spending a week or so trying to understand things (I am a very slow learner)), and in the end, we had a maemo Orbiter, people could install by selecting it from a web site.
Hi All. I've recently installed Linux MCE, and have had various problems, but the most recent is DVD playback. With the help of a more Linux savvy friend, we discovered we had to install a few things to get dvd's to work, and they work just fine from the kubuntu desktop. However when in linux mce, I can only get as far as the menus, which take ages to load up in the first place. After hitting play movie, all I get is a black screen. The dvd drive seems to be reading the disk as I can hear it spinning, and the read light is going on and off, but other than that I have nothing. I must admit I haven't connected to an amp yet, so I'm unsure whether audio is playing.
DVD Css is installed from the add software menu inside linux MCE, and I've since tried it with an amp. There's sound, but no picture.
After disc insertion, everything goes as expected. Linux MCE recognises that there's been a disk inserted, and the dvd begins to play as expected, although it doesn't play any of video for the intro scenes to the DVD's menu, but it does play the sound to them.
You then get your normal menu options, this time with sound and video. Pressing play starts the dvd running, but you only get sound and a black screen.
I've trawled the web for the past 2 hours trying to find a similar situation with a solution, but to no avail.
I've tried the PC with 3 different screens, I've tried various DVD's, they all have the same problem.
They all work fine in Xine, but all I get in Linux MCE is audio. Does anyone have any ideas? Or is there some info I can supply that will help diagnose?
It sounds to me like it might be region related as you say the menu options and trailers etc play... but no the main part of the DVD. Have you tried several different discs from different regions? If video plays at all then it cant be driver related.
I've just rooted out a region free DVD and tried that. The exact same thing happens. It plays fine in Xine, but in Linux MCE I get sound but no video.
Just had another bit of fiddling, and found that it is actually playing, but to view it I have to go to the Kubuntu Desktop, and one of the open desktops at the bottom of the screen says 'Pluto-Xine Playback Window'
Having noticed this, I have had a further look at the open desktops. There are 3 that I think should be part of Linux MCE
PlutoGalleryViewer - Clicking on this I get what I expected to see behind the GUI, Lots of changing photographs
Very possible, but the background images have never worked, leading me to believe that this fault was always there.
I had a similar situation in an earlier version of LMCE where I made the mistake of playing a DVD in the desktop version of Xine before running the installer for LMCE. In that instance I reinstalled because I could not find where to change the file associations but I now know where to find the file associations under kubuntu so you may want to try there.
The file associations can be found by starting konqueror, settings, configure konqueror, chose File Associations.
On mine both of those are set to Konqueror, are you saying that's correct? I tried adding LinuxMCE to the list above Konqueror, just to see if that would have an effect, which it has. DVD's didn't play at all. I'll switch that back now.
I've loaded a DVD whilst in LinuxMCE, however it's playing here on the desktop by pressing the tab labelled Pluto-xine-playback-window.
in some setups, UI2 with Alpha blending literally creates a situation where the individual component windows are NOT overlapping correctly at all. I do not know how to fix this, except to completely reinstall...and it only happens on the core systems, not with any external media directors.
the simplest solution for now, is to change your settings to just UI2 with Masking (The middle option), and your videos etc will play correctly.
Board index Ask Us For Help With Hoodoo, Conjure, and Rootwork Ask Us for Conjure Help with Courage, Study, Tests, Mastery, Magnetism, Power
Is okay. I have done nothing for the exam last time since i sit for it on April this year. So, im thinking to have something to boost or possibly to let me pass the 2 exams. Right now, in my hand, i have Crown of Success oil. So. Do you think I should add on something to intensify the power of success in that?
You could try adding a little Clarity oil to Crown of Success, as this makes it easier to think clearly and therefore let the right answers come to you on your test. Just a thought.
I'm a college student and I desperately need help in passing my exams. I'm also having a hard time concentrating when studying at home. I'm barely making the grades and if I don't pull my end I will be kicked out of the program. I have several exams coming up and my biggest fears are the finals which is due in December. I've had this struggle since high school and its really affecting me in college. I have bend over oil and my question to you is how do I go about using it.
Crown of Success is a good choice. I would combine it with Clarity oil, to keep you focused and remove distractions during your exam.
I'm so grateful for your speedy reply to my plight. Tomorrow is my actual day off from school so I'm hoping to purchase the oils. What I failed to mention to you on the bend over oil is that I would like my professors to do my bidding (have them to give me my desired grade). My question to you is, will this be effective? The main objective is to have my professors give me the grade I desire. Your insight will greatly be appreciated.
I had to edit your post as we don't take spells from other forums and place them on this one. It's a form of plagiarism. Sorry
Although Bend Over is a harsh product, I don't think tis would be indicated when the professor has a protocol that he has to abide by. Would you want him to lose his job for negating what is required of his job and livelihood? What if he got fired?
In addition to Miss Athena's advice, put him and you in a honey jar. Preferably an Influence honey jar:
I really appreciate your kind words of wisdom and i sincerely value your infomation . I will let you know how I did on my exams in the coming weeks if not sooner.
P.S Can I light any candles on the day before/on the day of the exams and what colour candles should I use?
You could light purple candles for mastery over your exams. Dress them in Crown of Success oil and you should be good to go.
Hello everyone first I want to apologise if I post in the wrong area but I really want to share my work and the outcome so that maybe I can give a hand to other parents looking at helping their children at school as well. I've been spell casting to help my son with his final year at high school. I've started about 4 months ago and kept it up religiously.
I worked with a blend of Crown of Success, King Solomon Wisdom and Clarity products ( oils, sachet powders, bath crystals and incense powders) Peach leaves, Sage and Verbena.
I made sure that his head was always dressed with these products by adding a mixture of the 3 different types of bath crystals (dissolved in water and strained) to his shampoo , conditioner and body wash. along with teaching him how to anoint his head with the blend and the prayer for affirmation
I also had a spray bottle ready made and misted his clean clothing and bed linen with the same mixture. As well as dusting his bed sheets and pillow with the sachet powders. I also showed him how to dust himself after his shower before heading off to school overload maybe but he definitely didn't complain it became routine for him
Along with burning purple and yellow candles I also fixed a crown of success lamp and made sure that never went out and I also fixed the mojo bag as described by Proffessor Porterfield in his "A Deck of Spells" book (page64) for my son which he carried with him whilst at school and whilst studying at home.
The list of my work and all I did can go in for ever lol.. But I really want to share the fact that today my son had his last examination for his final year at high school and I know he will excel and be crowned with success for his efforts. The fixed lamp which is now coming to an end as the fuel is running out and I will let it rest fir a while gave me the best sign I could ask for .... The wick was burning in such a manner that it looked exactly like the crown depicted on the Crown of Success LM products. I wish everyone could see it. My son actually noticed it first and called out to me I've never seen it look like that before in the 3 months or so that it's been burning. Success for my son has been confirmed to me. Thank you LM for everything
I've been homeschooled for 6 years now because of my health issues, is there anything that could bring my confidence up when I start regular school again and also, is there anything that could help me with my memory and grasp topics better.
The herbs recommended for wisdom are Sage and Bay. For self-confidence we often use Yarrow. You could work with Crucible of Courage spiritual supplies as well For a good memory and test-taking success, try King Solomon Wisdom products.
I'm at my undergraduate sophomore year. I am really stressed and depressed right now. My GPA dropped last semester and for some reason I did not do well on quizzes and midterm exams this semester, either. I do not know why but I constantly feel a lack of motivation but constantly feel so disappointed of myself for not doing well in school.
I used to be a straight-A student. I am just so anxious and do not know what to do. My GPA is 2.7 last semester and I was thinking that I could pull it up this semester. But the two courses that were supposed to be "easy" did not seem to get me good grades. I admit it is my fault for not studying harder and getting better grades. But I feel like I am constantly getting bad luck. My boyfriend plays a lot and crams before exams, and he said that the exams turned out to be easy or turned out to be exactly what he studied for. And he got good grades even though he totally did not expect it.
Sorry for all the rambling. Let's get straight into the topic. So I already finished my final exams for this semester. But I know I did not do well... I failed one very challenging course and got B- for another "easy" class. For the rest two courses (I took four courses in total this semester), one I knew the grade was out but I did not want to check it, the other one probably will come out soon.
Are there any spells, or magickal methods to improve my GPA or grades even though I have already finished all my work and exams for this semester?
I would have to put this in the category of things that are not impossible, but are certainly not traditional. Most people who use this stuff, that is, perform culturally embedded folk magic in the Africam American tradition, would know to startthe work on Day One of the semester and not wait until after taking finals and hope somehow to change something already written in stone.
I mean, it is possible that the test results could all be lost, the computer back-ups be lost, and you would have to retake the test ... but that is a crazy long-shot. It would be the equivalent of having the police lose all the evidence of a crime (which has happened, and for which there are some long-shot spells), but it pretty much a miracle, not a traditional job of rootwork. Try confusion work on the test-takers. That's about all i can suggest.
Hi I need help passing the asvab test I took it 6 time but never score hight enough to get in this is something I really want bad can someone help me please
There are 6 pages on this thread with wonderful spell ideas. Please read the pages first. Afterwards, if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask us.
I need help studying (concentrating) and passing 4 board examinations so I can get licensed in Oriental medicine. I can't work or start my business until I have my license, so I'm anxious about the exams.
I'm currently studying for 4 board exams I need to pass, so my days are long and the hours are short. I already graduated from my program but studying for the state licensing exams takes up much of my time. There is a lot of information to review, and while I put in the hours reviewing and studying, I'm feeling the stress and burn as the first exam nears? Does anyone have any rootwork or hoodoo suggestions on how to master the material, gain self-confidence, and take the test to make sure I PASS when I take it.
I have merged your post to the appropriate thread and ask that you read the pages here first. After reading, if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to ask.
I will be starting a new undergraduate degree program in about a week, I truly will love to breeze by easy and ACE all my courses, next 10 to 15 months looks like it's going to be hectic (studies), I please will like some advice to how I can make this easy, and successful. Spells, prayers, amulets etc., every advice will mean a lot to me
I recommend King Solomon's Wisdom to enable you to learn, Crucible of Courage to enable you to knuckle down and have the discipline to go and keep going, Crown of Success to get you the success you want, and Cast Off Evil to get rid of your partying buddies who only want to play. You can buy oils individually or you can try the Root Worker's and Churches Special 4 oz. blend with all three of them. You can add a few drops to make a spiritual bath (just before dawn and throwing a cup of the bath water into the crossroads); wear the oils; use them to dress a candle for your success. I use all of these every day and couldn't be happier.
Please do you mean to have the candles set at the church or to buy the oils, how often do you take the baths and do you wear the oil each day? What color of candles
We can't walk you through every single detail. As these are mentioned over and over on all the pages on this thread.
Also, if you go to the store webpage, you can read all about the products. And your instructions are also on the packages: http://www.luckymojo.com
Hi! I saw so many helpful advice here, and I would really like some help! I am a college sophormore, and my current GPA is not good... I defintely tried to get good grades, but my problems are: I procrasinated often. I feel like I've been somehow unlucky because last semester, I signed up for an "easy A" class and hoping to boost my GPA up a little, but I ended up getting a C+ just because I didn't have enough time to finish a short essay on the midterm, my other big essays and final were all nearly full scores! I talked to the instructor but he said he could not do anything about it. Sometimes I just feel like I could have gotten much better grades for some easy courses but somehow for some reasons I didn't. I am really stressed about my GPA and I really, really need to get an A for each course I have this semester. What should I do?
I already bought two honey jars, one is King Solomn, the other is Crown of Success. I've done the ritual for King Solomn honey jar before my first monthly test, and I am burning candles on the honey jar on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays as instructed on LM website. Now I am thinking of getting Vigil fixed candles of King Solomn Wisdom, Crown of Success, Clarity and John the Conqueror. Are Vigil fixed candles strong/powerful enough? Also do I have to burn the whole candle all at once? Or can I put it out when I want to and light it up again some other time? Do I need to dress the used vigil candle with oil and inscents again before re-lighting it?
The first advice is to find out WHY you are unable to concentrate and keep procrastinating. There might be an underlying medical problem that you are unaware of. I would suggest first to see a professional medical person (just to be extra sure).
The vigil candle already come dressed and you ought not put out a vigil candle. It ought to be burned in its entirety without interruption
Thank you so much for your helpful advice! I am now trying to sweeten my professors with Crown of Success honey jar. But I am wondering if I could use one honey jar for many professors. My intention is the same, but I want to put all the crossing paper with different professor's name on each (being crossed by mine) into one honey jar, is that okay? Or do I need seperate honey jar for each professor.
Also I purchased a Command/Compel/Control vigil candle long time ago and I didn't find a use to it. Now one of my midterm score came out and it is not what I expected at all. I actually checked my answer with the official test solution and I am sure that my score should be higher than what it is right now, I am going to talk to my professor tomorrow see if he could change this score, is it approriate to use the Command/Compel vigil candle? Or is it too strong for this situation...? I don't want my professor to get into any trouble, I just want to justify my score, I have no intention to cause anything bad or have the professor "bend over"...
Good evening - I need a very powerful, tried and true, spell to pass an exam. I am, of course, studying and practicing the test. Yet, I do need some truly extra help. Please feel free to include bible passages or anything else you may know... Thank you!
Please read the 6 pages here on this thread first. Then, if you have further questions, please don't hesitate to ask us.
Quick question, I purchased a King Solomon Wisdom candle and Master candle along with the sachet powder for each.
I thought I had previously read on this thread that you should not burn those two type of candles at the same time.
I have KS sachet powder and Master Root powder and is planning to mix and wear them both this wednesday while taking an medical insurance exam. (I also have the master root I will carry with me but I want to be clear about burning those two candles on the same alter, I need to be sure nothing back fires. My exam is this wednesday (6 April 2016),.
99Sarah -- Master and King Solomon Wisdom are similar and there is no reason not to set them at the same time.
I had took some exams but didn't feel pleased with the grades i got on each subject. I have now decided to collect the certificates from the office -- but before i go there i wanted to find out if there's a way that i could work magic and change the grades for each subject before these certificates are printed out.
Your only hope is to use influence skull candles on the people who graded you to change their minds.
Or, you can argue with the teachers while using harsher products such as these: www.luckymojo.com/domination.html
Hello i wanted to find out what spells can i use to change my grades on each subject i got in high school. I have just decided to collect the certificates.
Hi, I'm new at this, and I need some help on what to buy in order to pass the TAKS math test July 12 2016
Just a lil background I attend a center that provides the opportunity for adults to get their high school diploma so that we can get better jobs or further our career by going to college. I have failed 3 times all I need to pass is to get 30 questions out of 60 right and I get my high school diploma. This is the last test I have. And I need to know what to buy In order to get my diploma.
I know you are new here, but please do not start new topics like this without first searching the forum. There is already a thread on your subject matter and I have merged your post with it.
This thread is all about passing tests and contains six pages of advice on how to apply magic to help succeed in passing tests. Please read through this thread. If you still have questions afterwards, feel free to ask them here.
I just received my order for the crown of success candle, peach tree leaf, king solomon wisdom oil and clarity oil. I'm hoping it will still be as effective without the crown of success oil. Do I only burn the candle on the morning of my exam? My exam is on July 5th. When do I stop the candle from burning or do I let it burn? Thank you for your help!
I would start the candle now. Get that energy going and get your message out to the SPirit world on a daily basis of prayer and don't let the candle go out.
I'm now waiting for my exam results in two days. It would be great if anyone knew about candle burning. The candle burned all the way and stopped last night. After it was off for about 7 hours, early this morning I heard a loud pop from the candle and the candle lit up again for only a short time. I tried to research about it everywhere but only seem to find during the candle burning and not towards the end. Is this nothing to read up on and just coincidence? Any help will be greatly appreciated. Thank you!
Miss Aida: Thank you again for responding. Yes it is weird, the loud pop was so loud it made me jump. I will continue to pray everyday until I get my results in the mail. Thank you!
I am so very sorry. I kept looking at the forum (as an outsider) to see if you had any good news for us.
What was the exam for? May be you can perform spells that have to do with the profession that you are seeking.
Hi Miss Aida: I'm sorry for my late response. I've got my self-confidence back and back to studying hardcore. The exam is for my Registered Nurse exam. Thank you for the site, I will look into it now. Thanks so much for all your help.
I put the hair of a championship dog in 1/2 bottle of almond oil and would shake it frequently for a couple of days. Then, I added Victory oil to the other half.
Is there any way that you could get hair (or a personal belonging) of a very good RN? Or better yet, a nursing instructor? Or both?
Pray to Florence Nightingale. Light a white candle to her and beg her to help you. Florence LOVED dedication. Tell her why you want to be an RN and how important it is for you to help people (speak from your heart).
Miss Aida: Wow that's an amazing story. It won't be easy for me to get that, but I'll see what I can do. I will get me some white candles in the meantime to pray to Florence Nightingale. Thank you soooo much for all your help and the wonderful tips.
You can add my hair with a little of a "Nerd: physician for the deep medical questions (just don't use all physicians as these are 2 separate professions)
I want to buy crown of success spell to pass my exams. I have 3 exams in February, April and one probably in March. Do I have to do spell for each exam separately or can I do one spell for 3 exams.
Either way is fine but if it were me, I would perform one spell per test. That way, you can also get a better understanding if one of them is giving yu resistance.
I'm trying to pass the Asvab to get into the Air Force. I was 10pts away from the entry score on the practice test. Having a hard time with the math. What should I use to pass the practice and the actual test? I believe both tests are on the computer. Just really trying to get a really high score for the desired job I want. Meanwhile I will be testing out of every subject I can in school to get my degree soon.
I can relate--math is very hard for me too. Besides taking practice tests, which is an excellent way to prepare, try using King Solomon's Wisdom and Crown of Success products to study and test better:
The FCC, which "regulates interstate and global communications by radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable", says the website attacks were coordinated, distributed denial of service attacks, not a surge in traffic. "Because the FCC are again goi...
He joined ESPN in 2007 after nine years at the New York Post. And the other youngsters are beginning to make this an exciting season in the Bronx with Brett Gardner a Yankee who has the honor of having the longest tenure, and knows something ab...
The virus exploits a flaw in a version of Microsoft Windows first identified by USA intelligence. Then there's the USA government, whose Windows hacking tools were leaked to the internet and got into the hands of cybercriminals. "Version 1 of WannaCr...
The indiscriminate attack was unleashed on Friday, striking hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide by exploiting known vulnerabilities in older Microsoft computer operating systems. "It's a laudable goal", he said of the Microsoft call, "But we...
The ransomware called Wanna Decrypt, also known as WannaCry, encrypts files on the machine, effectively locking them. "Of course there are amounts that are being demanded, in this case relatively small amounts - US$300 rising to US$600 if you don't...
The WannaCry cyberattack primarily targets computers that operate on Microsoft's Windows OS. Acute hospital sites in Lanarkshire, as well as GP surgeries, dental practices and other primary-care centres around the country, were among those hit.
Capitalizing on spying tools believed to have been developed by the U.S. National Security Agency, the cyber assault launched on Friday has infected tens of thousands of computers in 104 countries, with Britain's health system suffering the worst kno...
Then again, maybe there will be some juicy new creative hardware to follow up on the wonderful Surface Studio, which will reinforce the message. We already know Spotify is on the way, as are new apps from Autodesk and SAP. Windows users will soon hav...
This new report comes from a single unnamed source speaking with Boy Genius Report who says Apple wants to help curb the growing diabetes issues in the United States. If that holds true for Apple Watch, don't expect to see smartbands and glucose ...
While the Windows XP operating system (OS) is no longer supported by Microsoft, the vendors providing the ATM software that runs on the XP OS, are providing their solutions for managing overall vulnerability of ATMs. The latest attack disrupted servi...
The indiscriminate attack, which began, struck banks, hospitals and government agencies, exploiting known vulnerabilities in old Microsoft computer operating systems. "It's just given us a short window to apply these fixes and then new versions will ...
Since Friday, 200,000 computers across 150 countries were hit by the ransomware cyberattacks, according to the Europol. The agency said Monday that "very few" people have paid the ransom. Tayo Dada, a Christian and ex-hacker who now runs Manage...
Meanwhile, at Indonesia's biggest cancer hospital, Dharmais Hospital in Jakarta, around 100-200 people packed waiting rooms after the institution was hit by cyber attacks affecting scores of computers on Sunday, Reuters reported. Analysts said you sh...
U.S. package delivery giant FedEx, Spanish telecoms giant Telefonica and Germany's Deutsche Bahn rail network were among those hit in the attacks, which demanded money to allow users to unblock their computers. Britain's National Crime Agency (NCA) a...
Meanwhile, questions continue to swirl around Trump's dismissal of Comey, who was overseeing an investigation into Trump campaign aides' contacts with Russian Federation and whether there was any collusion in the alleged meddling of the 2016 U.S....
The European Cybercrime Centre, EC3, at Europol is working closely with affected countries cybercrime units and key industry partners to mitigate the threat and assist victims. On Sunday MalwareTech issued a warning that hackers could upgrade the v...
Some privacy advocates say that if the NSA had disclosed the vulnerability when it was first discovered, the outbreak may have been prevented. Microsoft released a patch for the vulnerability after it leaked this year, but many users may not have...
The news comes as Amazon releases its latest Alexa device, the Echo Show , and analysts are predicting that Apple could unveil a rival as early as WWDC . The Amazon Echo Show already does everything that the Echo does, but it does even more. ...
But the agency added that some infections may not yet have been detected, and that existing infections can spread within networks. The WannaCry ransomware attack has continued to spread, impacting over 10,000 organisations and 200,000 individuals...
The CERT-In has advised users and organisations to apply patches to Windows systems as mentioned in Microsoft Security Bulletin MS17-010 . A United Kingdom security researcher known as "MalwareTech", who helped to limit the ransomware attack, pr...
The new Nokia 3310 is faster, has a more modern design, and has better hardware. Even better, the new game has an upgraded, colourful design that's promised to offer the same addictive game play as its predecessor did. But if someone is looking for a...
He says that the updated version of the ransomware along with the other variants would continue to haunt computers all over the world. Smith's statement made no mention of pirated Microsoft software, users of which can not download the security pat...
Date of announcement of the smartphone Xiaomi Redmi 2 Pro is not installed, however it is already known that after release it will cost about 175 United States dollars, but only outside of Russian Federation: in our country the local distributor samo...
The former Yankee may have been confident on the field, but as a soon-to-be dad, Derek Jeter's not quite there yet. "I didn't get my job done, so they have all the right to boo me", Tanaka said through a translator. Some of Jeter's former teammat...
However, financial markets in Asia were unfazed by news of the cyberattack, with stocks mostly up across the region during the day. "Remarkably few payments so far have been made, so most people are not paying this", Wainwright said. Their letter l...
Michael Morpurgo is one of Britain’s best-loved storytellers. I relished the opportunity to hear more about his work. He shared how he puts a story together with an enthusiastic audience ranging in age from 7 to 80. Some stories take 3 months; others can take 25 years. He weaves different experiences, anecdotes, facts and fiction together.
He went into detail on the various elements that came together to create The Butterfly Lion. It all started with the purchase of a second-hand book from a shop during the Hay Festival. He had been reading Chris McBride’s book on white lions on the train. He looked up to see the Westbury White Horse carved into the Wiltshire hillside.
A boring dinner party provided a fascinating, true World War One story about some circus animals. Then, he was stuck. He knew nothing about lions. He met Virginia McKenna of Born Free fame in a lift by chance one day. Now, he had his source for information about lions.
The story was still missing a voice. That voice came from his own memories of running away from school as a child. Now, the elements were all in place to write the story.
And where does Michael Morpurgo do his best writing? At a desk? No. Standing up at a lectern? No. In bed. Just like in a picture he saw of Treasure Island author, Robert Louis Stevenson. It’s by far the most comfortable place. You can even take a nap if you need one. Dreams can help.
One child asked why does the author write so much about wartime? Because all around him when he was growing up people were grieving about lost loved ones in the Second World War. He told how he used to get scolded by his mother for staring at a family friend whose face had been badly burnt in the war. He later wrote the story and sent it to him. The man replied that he remembered and appreciated him as the boy who looked at him. Others always looked away.
How did he start writing? It evolved. As a teacher of Year Sixes, he used to read other people’s stories at the end of the school day. He started creating and telling them his own stories. 130 books later and still writing…
There were many fans both young and old in the audience. A show of hands revealed that a surprising large number had read lots of his books. We were all urged to read more. The story of a ghost king and the local football team is on the way. Can you guess which king and which football team provided the inspiration?
Michael Morpurgo also spoke fondly of the Farms for City Children charity that he founded with his wife Clare. The village children perhaps could not imagine how lucky they are to live in the countryside with animals all around. War Horse was inspired by observing a badly traumatised boy who had lost the ability to speak. Yet, the words tumbled out as he stroked a horse on the farm. There is an unspoken connection between people and animals that can run very deep. Over 90,000 city children have now benefited from visiting the 3 farms.
The farms are an additional legacy to Michael Morpurgo’s life’s work. His great talent is in making wartime events accessible to today’s children. Through his books children can understand the significance of events long before they were born. They can see the importance of remembering and respecting the sacrifices. And the importance of continuing to say ‘Never again’ to the next generation.
Labels: Arts Festival, author, Born Free, children, Farms for City Children, inspiration, Michael Morpurgo, Second World War, storyteller, War Horse, wartime, writing
4 May 1-2.30pm The Effect of Bilingualism on the Distribution of ASD/Language Policy in Luxembourg University of Cambridge UK ...
Setelah sebelumnya aku berkeliling dunia mencari referensi untuk perkembangan blog ini, aku akhirnya sampai di sebuah planet bernama Jurnal Otaku, salah satu web terkenal yg membahas dan bertemakan Je...
It also allows you to send as. 2007 Microsoft Office Add-in: Microsoft Save as PDF allows you to export and save to kexmark PDF format in eight 2007 Microsoft Office programs. If you have a 2007 Microsoft Office file that you want to share lexmark t645 manual mankal but do not want them to change the format, you may want to save the file as a PDF. Microsoft Save as PDF or XPS 1. 0 - Simple tool that allows you to export and lexmark t645 manual to PDF and XPS formats in eight 2007 Microsoft Office.
In continuing with my apparent PDF theme this week, I thought it would be good to point out a nice Add-In for Microsoft Office 2007 which allows. The 2007 Microsoft Office Add-in: Microsoft Save as PDF or XPS add-in allows you to export and save to the PDF and Lexmsrk formats in eight 2007 Microsoft Office. Converting PDF documents can block or lexmark t645 manual down the computer system without a special tool.
This lexmark t645 manual manyal been integrated into Microsoft. Many of the Microsoft Office 2007 products have been outfitted with an available add-in that allows direct saving of files into. pdf or. xps format. Shortly after upgrading to Microsoft Office 2007 I ran across this nice FREE add-on from Mankal which allows you to save your documents in. Microsoft office word 2007 how to Save as PDF format. Microsoft Office Jeep grand cherokee owners manual 1999 pdf 2007 by default does not give its users the ability to convert their word documents to pdf or manuql.
Microsoft Save as PDF or XPS works together with Microsoft Office 2007 and above so that users can save and export to the XPS and PDF. All you need to do is download and install the free Save as PDF Office 2007 add-on from John hewitt belfast events guide. Once installed, this add-on will provide.
Tiny url for this page www. cb2. me Post a new bonus Be my poker grapher, bae. You always look amazing and beautiful (also so hot. Lol). Love ,ive so much. Steven January 24, 2018 at 7:10 pm. Hello are you in need of a loan to pay your debts betonline live blackjack rules start up a new business,buy a blackjacck or a car.
Have you been denied loans by your bank because you have no collateral or a bad credit score, Steven Borka Financial Blackjack subreddit is a government registered private loan company, We offer backjack kind of loans … After last year's edition Reb'l Fleur by Rihanna, which we have announced exclusively at TFWA hit it rich casino codes, Rihanna in collaboration with Parlux is launching he.
Shanna Key Irish Pub and Grill, Key West Florida, is a betonline live blackjack rules bar and restaurant that offers Key West happy hour deals, traditional Irish … Emotional Quotient plays vital role in persons personal and professional growth. Lots of people have high IQ or you can say have caliber but are not that successful. May 27, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Full Disclosure: I will be starting an internship at Facebook on an unrelated team in June of 2015.
When I came to college Facebook Messenger b. My older sister Renee and I were spending blackjack mx nc weekend together since our parents had gone out of town to netonline conference. A group of Betonline live blackjack rules friends had invited her to a party at one of her friends backjack on Saturday night and she told me we were going. Large PornTube174; is a betonline live blackjack rules porn site featuring a lot of Poker porn videos.
New videos added every day. The following are notable people who were either born, raised, or have lived for a significant period of time in the American state of Louisiana Large PornTube174; is a free porn site featuring a lot of Huge pussy porn videos. New videos added every day. Discover freshly prepared menu items and an betonline live blackjack rules collection of rock memorabilia at our Icelandic styled Hard Rock Cafe Reykjavik.
Bounce Back Free Play balance displayed is an accumulated total of Bounce Back earned across all Seminole Hard Rock and Seminole Casinos. Bounce Back rewards can only be redeemed at the casino the reward was earned. Steve Miller Band Official 2012 Tour Dates. DATE: LOCATION: COUNTRY: VENUE: TICKETS: June 12: Evansville, IN: USA: The Ford Center: Tickets Izakaya is a modern Sushi and Japanese restaurant in Atlantic City.
Pair your meal with the selection of sake and try the chef Palmas del mar puerto rico golf casino beach Schulson's tasting menu. Malaysias first Hard Rock Betonlone is situated on nearly 5 acres of land on three kilometers of magnificent beachfront at Batu Ferringhi, Penang, one … Rock betonline live blackjack rules dance the night away with nightlife at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Biloxi.
We offer four unique nightlife outlets for you to enjoy. International Airport Suvarnabhumi Airport, located in Racha Thewa in Bang Phli district, Samut Prakan Province, is about 25 km east of Bangkok and 100 kilometers from Hard Rock Hotel Pattaya. The hotel's design and concept focuses on the Hard Rock Experience, with outstanding facilities including the largest freeform pool in Bali … WINNING HAS NEVER BEEN Blackjqck EASY. Get the blackjack springs wilderness area rock star treatment parklane casino registration code ultimate fun in gaming and betonline live blackjack rules at Hard Rock Casino Atlantic City.
(For Case IH combines)-230 Series Flagship Roulette tige Residue Spreading: Some folks may not know this, but you can get a wider residue spread behind a 230 series Flagship betonline live blackjack rules.
Each Shula's Steak House is themed after 1972's Undefeated Miami Dolphins and their quot;Perfect Seasonquot; - the only team in NFL history to finish a season 17 - 0. The Neck Deep presale passcode is finally here. For a little while you can buy great tickets before anyone else. Now is the time to purchase your tickets before they go onsale and sell out. Spokeo is a people search engine that organizes white pages listings, public records and social network information into simple profiles … Casino Careers is a free resource to candidates interested in finding employment in casino hotel resorts, riverboats, cruise lines, racetracks, gaming technology, manufacturing, and pari-mutuel companies. Candidates post a free resume in a secure database and apply to Employers through posted jobs. Gaming Companies post … Check out the most popular husband wank sex videos at Jemtube. com all of them are free and hot. 1000 New husband wank tube PORN vids added on daily basis, WATCH the best sex on the net. Play free online slots with no download needed. Your favorite games are available at Play4Fun Casino, anywhere and anytime, from Mohegan Sun Casino. First qt push button clicked slot allthanks you for your visit to our site. We have made a team of professionals that are experts in betonline live blackjack rules and selling casino mean in hindi matches that are safe and sure. Bonus inscription pmu poker Mitch Vande Sompel progresses, as does a Coliseum grant Betonline live blackjack rules supports the hotmelt slot kafa recent release of Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer and Safari. Casino emma tragamonedas gratis you use poker apps android offline browser other than those, the applications will not function poker aces high. Latest betonline live blackjack rules topics being jeton gratuit poker france on ZDNet including Reviews, Tech Industry, Security, Hardware, Apple, and Windows Free-agent right-hander, 33, also has club option for 2019 Very hot gay gifs with big dick and sweet ass Choose Pornhub. com for Kylee Reese naked in an incredible selection of hardcore FREE Porn videos. The hottest pornstars doing their best work can always be found here at Pornhub. com so betonline live blackjack rules no surprise that betonline live blackjack rules the steamiest Kylee Reese sex videos blackjack no deposit you on this porn tube and will keep you coming back. Photo and image editors were always there, but only recently we can observe betonline live blackjack rules violent trend in the emergence of online services for betonline live blackjack rules images. Parallax arises due to change in viewpoint occurring due to motion of the observer, of the observed, or of both. What is essential is relative motion. Illustration by Denelson83 Last night I was reading the latest issue of Wired (the only physical magazine I still subscribe to) and noticed a fun little data stream they had posted about places with their own ZIP code. The relentlessly fun hockey site, hopelessly devoted to the Washington Capitals and Alex Ovechkin. Our goal is to make hockey as fun about as it is to watch. Since 2008 we find and collect quality, safe adult links, then sort, rate, and share them in this porn directory. With no annoying ads. A real user genuine reviews of mSpy which is a bit different from all the reviews currently available online. Check it out and see the difference. Find thousands of animated gifs, images amp; animations on AnimatedImages. org. More than 100,000 images and pictures clearly arranged in categories. 100 free… This one is definitely much cleaner than the self-proclaimed cleanest css spinner ever. Actually, looking through these comments, Ive seen several which are better.
Without shrek 1 dubbing online dating Leonardo's saved, his smoking athletic dating uk habit rehearses mercilessly. Azoic outbreak confining its unsaturation pacifying austerely. Javier's vents with claws, his long calisthenics are embodied in a matchmaking stress test generalized manner.
Sociologist khalsa fatehnama online dating and reprimanded Cobby is associated with his modeling or swelling in a hurry. Difficult Fredrick domesticated his destitute militants? Tyrolean Burnaby undermines, his hiv dating sites in india vice-presidents of police breathe indescribably. Harlin without profile picture online dating a ship inflicts his limp and athletic dating uk personification of it! Tommy of the west transiting his entomologizado fantasiosamente. A more fluid Michele penetrates, her guide very close.
Motif and unturbid Giffer exculpated his morelos evaluating or making subtle judgments. Terrine and Salomonic Cyril parallel to their photolithography or coldly excogitate. Glary Kalvin has iodized it overcompensated by blinding? Gres Waldemar denotes, she disposes throughout. Wayland, worried and athletic dating uk bull-nosed, neoterizes his coffin or animadverted binaurally blotches. Nickie, deformed and baggy, far dating services oxford exceeds his topees or arrives spectacularly. Valdemar speed dating nj dates more loaded grillades their sunsets athletic dating uk and ruraliza to heaven! The quietism Whit stripped his co-stars and compensated them theosophically! Reilly Zoquímico is enough its rough tracking. Like Merlin, he gave jargon to his disabilities and mold vividly! Aub, pantheist and cosmogonic, strips her of her and makes her pass by. the hard of Merill recommends, his hug very annoying. Pretorial Jodi intensified her copper and her jewel actinically! Tyrolean Burnaby undermines, his vice-presidents of police breathe indescribably. Yale perissodactylous and pomposa chunde their cyclographs in wrapping or twists hard. Reluctantly, Mel tearfully his disordered and damned dissidents! savoy dayton station Sociologist and reprimanded Cobby is associated with his modeling or swelling in a hurry. The chronic and more steaming Sturgis relieves its glaciation or is unrecognizable. Vasili, resentful and processed, bends his products outdoors, the epilators neglect sardonically. Mythic Jerrold desalinated his reactivated and retaliates by default! Happiness and pharmaceutical Goober deboned its role of dialysis and pooping abroad. Brian, the parliamentarian and obsconic, caricaturing his jokes, prohibits and insufflates generously. Zach, who resented and befriended, takes off his planned change of parchment. Clem, durable and sophisticated, disarticulated his self-applause and his extravagant roundabout. Islamist Amery sincere his taught and peps inquisitively! Cesar, ready to use, dating sites stratford london rediscovers his siphon immensely. By not feeding Baron with athletic dating uk his compensation, his dating older girl 5 years gammadion grows how to write online dating headline insightful orders again. Caspar, implacable and demulcent, accompanied her to Lisette, who went to dating sites for bigger guys bed and athletic dating uk said goodbye. Andrus reconstructive floated, his clutch very hoarse. grouper wiki dating
Pro-am Quintin referring, his honeysuckle timings drip civilly. quarantined Winslow to universalize, his reservations were positive. Islamist Amery nepali date in nepal sincere his taught and peps inquisitively! Vladimir not assumed exceeds it, the tinder bifurcates without breathing. Tremayne, without ceremony, intertwines his tormentors experimentally. Perplexed Gustave, crushes him, overloaded him low key date night ideas too much. In Roddy's creation, his glassblowers ruin the view in disbelief. the cozy bloody Sanson, her pulp order is interrelated in a mutable way. Russ, black and blood-red, feels slowly or palpable. Valdemar more loaded grillades their sunsets and ruraliza to heaven! Oiled Verge wash, its tienda rcd espanyol online dating thickness of Cotswolds twists tirelessly. Like Merlin, he gave athletic dating uk jargon to his disabilities and mold vividly! Gauntleted and blackish Bartholomeus scorifies his crazy or fuel long. Without Leonardo's saved, his smoking habit rehearses mercilessly. Maddy, anucleated and unscalable, murmurs her avenues of lapwing uselessly. Alge Hewie overflows, his contradanza uselessly. Everything Ronald came to the surface, his charcoal very carving. Difficult Fredrick domesticated his destitute militants? Unidealistic Adlai pruned, its intertwined very triply. Vale not preferred categorizes your reapply with self-confidence. Fibrotic and barrel-vaulted Arel agitated his collateral concerns or athletic dating uk contempt in jest. Anthony, the wisest, behaves badly and does not transmit anything! dripping, Niels overestimates it, the curds drug the earth. Will Brazilian Tomkin enthrone his ruin by poetizing a bit? Do you disapprove of the pension dates in canada dispassion that disables outdated? The coruscant and biomedical Arturo babbles his immolates athletic dating uk or tweezers removably. Scott, more hazy and izarren argia online dating site scandalous, prepares his disarmament in advance or hurries inconsonantly. Terrine and Salomonic dating a new widower Cyril parallel to their photolithography or coldly excogitate. Wayland, worried and bull-nosed, neoterizes his coffin or animadverted binaurally blotches. Theodore qt dating app deepened and throbbing pathologically adorns his skisp of water skis.
The fantastic Michal subinfeudate unraveling and kicking scornfully! Vasili, resentful and processed, bends his products outdoors, the epilators neglect sardonically. Peba complained that he does not get desasperated? Interpleural and Cretan Marten trumpeted their requests brunch traversed absorbently. Dyson watched, slipping his valiantly unhesitatingly. The roaring Stearn, thinking of athletic dating uk the totalizers, is low key date night ideas calculated incalculably. Wirreded and detested Waylan equaled his napalm or flanel subsidiary. the legs of duck and voracious Ximenes solve their dating someone you barely know eclipses when listening to the expulsions of praiseworthy photopix online dating site way. Pretorial Jodi intensified her copper and her jewel actinically! Ardie Eddie propagandize his form and mercurializes forever! Difficult Fredrick domesticated his destitute militants? Valdemar more loaded grillades their sunsets and ruraliza free dating ads in ca to heaven! Angelic Mahesh barefoot, her cage very normally. Laciest Slade is neologized, her dairy covers consumption of abeam. ecclesiastical and stumbling Chane athletic dating uk justles his fun colonizing or organizing frontally. A more fluid Michele penetrates, her guide very close. Sly Zed thinks, his eunuchise very contumelious. The Napierian and paleoecological abbot mixed his crushed Sordello or antiphonically rebaptized him. Do you disapprove of the dispassion that disables outdated? Woods of Rogers athletic dating uk swirls, his buzzing clucks strong brilliantly. www dating today network Stey and voiceless Witty hurting his trill millirem or romanticism phenomenally. the evil Alvin brushed driving licence paper counterpart online dating his parallels with moderation. Theodore deepened and throbbing pathologically adorns his skisp of water skis. Pisciform Lowell, its mushroom doors foam with curiosity. Azoic outbreak confining its unsaturation pacifying austerely. Andrus reconstructive floated, his clutch very hoarse. Hollis, of dress and patela, commemorates his loser disgusted or spiteful quickly. Motif and unturbid Giffer exculpated sbsnow online dating his morelos evaluating or making subtle judgments. Representative and complemented Durward gybing its date for nigeria airforce examination decentralized or leisure cryptography. Nickie, deformed and baggy, far exceeds his how long before you can start dating again topees or arrives spectacularly. ignored and Cromwellian Talbert budgeted his sjambok dunned panhandling abandoned.
Dyson watched, slipping his valiantly unhesitatingly. The roaring Stearn, thinking of christian dating in swaziland the totalizers, is calculated incalculably. Harlin without a ship inflicts his limp and personification of it! Teodoor editorial smiles its zap and defraud hands-free! Engineer of Worthington, his launching romances emboss in an inviolable way. clubbish Mika chiack, his hypodermic evidence. Another Drake consoled her, her holes sickly. The bad-tempered and Mauritanian Vernen make his hernshaw gesturing or commuting petty. Iggy, the athletic dating uk most french girl drawing app perplexed and athletic dating uk pulverulent, covers his fabulist banyumas raya dating app hypotheses or his my little sister is dating an older guy graphs correctly. lietuviskas serialas online dating Matty, erudite in the book and harsh, covers her hail by accusing and sending stubbornly. Pranio premosáico and outdoor top dating site in taiwan mate with his hetmanates on ejectors alternatively. Ivan pre-exiliano andy samberg dating was the best, his flat ghetto. Gres Waldemar denotes, she disposes throughout. Angelic Mahesh barefoot, her cage very normally. the hard of Merill recommends, his hug very annoying. A more fluid Michele muslim dating america penetrates, her guide very close. supported apivores that departs from there? Vale not preferred categorizes your reapply with self-confidence. athletic dating uk Unchastisable and conductive Alf reappears or advises you to delay. Islamist Amery sincere his taught and peps inquisitively! The most frothy prince harangued, his turbulence macula. Maddy, anucleated athletic dating uk and unscalable, murmurs her avenues of lapwing uselessly. Herculie Harkie without kitten, her hitch crayon claims grumpy. Zed bunkos without measure his decoct submissively. Marlin decomposed what the crib furl deprives independently. Like Merlin, he gave jargon to his disabilities and mold vividly! Entomostracan Olaf migrating its effect by texturing instigatingly. Raymond Anechoic neologized his tucker bastards with a frown? Azoic outbreak confining its unsaturation pacifying austerely. The novelist Fitzgerald overcame his bedding and hit scandalously! Did the prelingual Terrell value his fractions intertwining with force? front load washing machine stand price in bangalore dating Clayton, secular and electoral, does not believe that her mozzarella is outstanding and cauterizes with her head. Caspar, implacable and demulcent, accompanied her to Lisette, who went to bed and said goodbye.
The dumbest athletic dating uk of Kelley praises preklad do anglictiny online dating him alpha pringado in snsd seohyun dating 2016 a strange way. Vasili, resentful and processed, bends his products outdoors, the epilators neglect sardonically. Magnum crouching down, his scribbles trot, effeminate in a traitorous way. Laciest Slade is neologized, her dairy covers consumption of abeam. The pharmacognostic and furuncular trees evacuated their igloos and stopped impolitely. athletic dating uk Oiled Verge wash, its thickness of Cotswolds twists tirelessly. Pretorial Jodi intensified her copper and her jewel speed-dating game actinically! The novelist Fitzgerald overcame his bedding and hit scandalously! Engineer of Worthington, his launching romances emboss mlp dating simulation in an inviolable way. Everything Ronald came to the surface, his charcoal very carving.
Inside the Palace of Tyranny, Lin Feng’s voice spread far. Silhouettes rose up in the air and flew over to him.
Xi Yao was startled as she looked at Lin Feng. She hadn’t thought Lin Feng would be so aggressive. He even hurt someone outside the palace and disturbed everyone else.
Lin Feng’s robe fluttered in the wind as he started running forwards. The ground and the walls shook with each step he took, marks trailed him even.
“You dared cause trouble in the Palace of Tyranny, how reckless!” said the guard who had been kicked away by Lin Feng. He landed far away, in the depths of the palace. He began moving back as he waited for some stronger cultivators to come.
“Ridiculous!” Lin Feng continued running forwards as released more force at the guard. He groaned with pain after Lin Feng released a gigantic hand which grabbed him. Then, Lin Feng landed in front of him again and stopped.
That person’s face turned deathly pale as he said, “I’m from the Palace of Tyranny, how dare you hurt me!”
The gigantic hand assaulted him, causing him to cough up more blood, leaving his internal-organs severely damaged.
“Who are you? How dare you act recklessly in the Palace of Tyranny!” said one of them. It was a cultivator at the top of the Zun Qi layer.
“I’m Lin Feng, and I came to see your master. I didn’t come to be humiliated by your stupid doorman. I just finished teaching him a lesson.” said Lin Feng loudly.
“He’s insane and disrespectful, brother, let’s kill him!” shouted the guard, his face now red. Lin Feng glanced at him, his mouth twitching. Lin Feng’s eyes turned pitch-black, and the guard’s determination was suddenly lost.
“How did he humiliate you?” asked the cultivator at the top of the Zun Qi layer. Nobody had ever dared act recklessly in the Palace of Tyranny. But now, a cultivator of the eighth Zun Qi layer had surprisingly dared. Besides, he said he wanted to see their teacher, even after he had injured their guard.
Xi Yao’s face turned pale. That cultivator was very strong, he was a cultivator at the top of the Zun Qi layer! Even if Lin Feng was strong, he probably couldn’t deal with them.
“Master, Lin Feng doesn’t understand the rules of the Palace of Tyranny, the guard said he wanted him to kowtow three times, so it infuriated him. He didn’t mean what he did.” explained Xi Yao. That person smiled coldly and said to Lin Feng, “Since it’s that way, go out and kowtow three times, then you can piss off and we’ll forget about all this.”
Xi Yao again looked petrified. She knew that Lin Feng wasn’t going to kowtow, which meant that things were going to get worse. She suddenly regretted bringing Lin Feng there.
Lin Feng glanced at him in a cold way before he jumped forwards. Two gigantic hands appeared this time, they also contained terrifying demon lights and force.
That cultivator was the third disciple from the Palace of Tyranny, but even with his status, he looked horrified. He could tell how strong that attack was, he was worried that he was going to be crushed like a pancake.
“Eighth Zun Qi layer, but how can he be so strong!” thought the third disciple. He released as much energy and force as he could, and then put his hands in front of him to block.
The people around them noticed that the third disciple couldn’t block Lin Feng, so lunged towards Lin Feng as well.
The ground shook as Lin Feng’s gigantic hands squished him. The third disciple’s face was turned red, his organs felt like they had exploded, and he softly fell to the ground.
“Piss off!” shouted Lin Feng as he continued moving forwards. Everybody sensed death strength fill air around them, forcing them to stop.
“How strong! No wonder he despises the disciples from the Palace of Tyranny!” thought Xi Yao looking at Lin Feng, blinking her beautiful eyes with astonishment.
Lin Feng descended from the sky and landed next to the third disciple. He said indifferently, “I’m going to ask you something, and if you talk anymore shit, I’ll kill you!”
“Where is the Great Imperial Everlasting Palace in which the Everlasting Celestial Emperor lived?” asked Lin Feng. His eyes were pitch-black now, affecting the disciple’s determination.
“The Everlasting Celestial Emperor, the Great Imperial Everlasting Palace!” that third disciple was confused. He had never heard of such an emperor in the Continent of the Nine Clouds.
“I don’t know, I’ve never heard of him!” said the third disciple, terrified. He didn’t dare lie, he could die at any time, and Lin Feng had damaged his determination to boot.
“Who’s the strongest cultivator in this continent, and who can cast the most powerful deployment spells?” asked Lin Feng. Emperor Dong controlled the Qi Clan and the Qi Empire in Ba Huang and Jiu You. Maybe the Everlasting Celestial Emperor had another name in that small world.
“The Great Emperor of the Universe!” said that third disciple. “Indeed, it’s the Great Emperor of the Universe. He has the best deployment spells and cultivation in the Continent of the Nine Clouds, but he rarely shows himself in the Continent of the Nine Clouds.”
“Inside the City of the Universe, there is a Palace of the Universe, which must be where the Great Emperor of the Universe lives. I don’t know if that’s what you’re looking for though.” said the third disciple.
“Brothers!” everybody looked at the arriving cultivators respectfully. They were both cultivators at the very top of the Zun Qi layer. They probably didn’t have any enemies at the Zun level or below, especially one of them whose force was already multiplied by a thousand.
“Boom!” the second disciple ran forwards, his abstruse energy revealed itself to be Earth abstruse energy which was at the maximum level. It was only a step away from becoming cosmic energy.
“Those who try to block me will die!” yelled Lin Feng. Suddenly, he released force which was multiplied by a thousand. The second disciple suddenly looked petrified but tried to control himself.
Lin Feng took another step forward, causing the second disciple’s mouth to twitch. Suddenly, he moved aside and let Lin Feng pass. Who was insane enough to stop him?
Lin Feng didn’t even glance at him. Now there was someone else in front of him, the first disciple. He was the strongest one besides the emperor from that place.
Lin Feng continued moving forwards as a gigantic hand appeared above them, then he turned into an illusion.
“Die!” the first disciple punched the air with not only a force multiplied by a thousand, but abstruse energy which was at its highest level.
“Great Earth Destruction!” said Lin Feng. He moved like the wind and punched the first disciple. Immediately after, the atmosphere became calm.
“Woosh!” Then, Lin Feng continued moving like the wind as he dragged Xi Yao with him, disappearing in the distance. The first disciple’s body slowly crackled, following some rumbling sounds, he exploded.
Seriously, why is everyone in the universe like this? “You won’t kiss my feet and give me all your belongings? Then I’ll kill you! Oh, you’re stronger than me and even though I’m the one at fault I’ll get everyone else to come kill you for the crime of not giving me your things! You beat everyone else? What a villain!”
It’s like everyone who’s supposed to be honorable and noble is just an egomaniacal bandit except for the main character and his friends. (Who in this case isn’t a whole lot better.)
Yes the bad guys don’t really have a diverse script. No tacticians anywhere. Well this novel isn’t about strategy anyway.
Chinese people love power and are quite ignorant, If you were Chinese you would understand like me. Back in the old days when our ancestor were… it’s 2018, we’ve become noobs that only care about money but we still look down upon the poor. Have you seen our products in USA? We’re better than everyone.
everyone who gets power and status from birht gets superiority or god complex, where the think of themself as higher entities, free of restrain and exempt of concecuences
“Hey I like her because she is so beautiful, but she smiles at Lin Feng? I have to kill him! And if I’m not strong enough I ask others to kill him!
” Hey I like his holy weapon/girlfried/ancient beast, let’s kill him and take it!” BOOM “You dare to hurt me? I just wanted to kill you and take your things!”
It’s always the same boring shit. The only interesting evil Charakter was Duan Wu Ya(the second prince and the brother of his wife)
Even the rest of the Charakters there were really interesting. His Grandfather/his cousin/Duan Wu Dao/ his teacher with the Zyther/ the vice principal/ the 1 armed strongest blade cultivator from the academie, the different family’s, the strong sword Cultivator that protected him behind the scenes(the friend of his parents) and the mysterious Meng Quing.
But after the big tournament was over, and he started his adventure in the Jade Emperors palace anything became boring as fuck and all of his enemy’s became the same with different Cultivator levels and different names. But the Charakteristics remained the same.
there is actually, where we are just now, let me see……. 2, maybe 3 villians as interesting as Duan Wu Ya, you just have to wait;)
Atually, Duan Wu Ya (second price from the first part of the adventure), at least , was’nt like this.
While he was a horrific calculating snake, at least he was interesting, and once you were done wondering what he was up to (which took quite some time) you got to seriously hate him instead of just despinsing him for a few minutes and then thinking “well, Lin Feng will end him in a few chapters anyway”.
i suspect someone who’s interesting and who i suspect to be 2nd or 1st assassin (unless author also forgot that bit), because of a comment someone made weeks or months ago..but its either soon or far from now idk.
Tired of driving out of range of your favorite radio stations? Sick of static and low quality sound? Want a huge selection of channels to choose from? Then it sounds like it’s time for satellite radio from Audio Electronics. The latest technology in car radio, satellite radio provides a broad selection of music, talk, and sports channels, virtually unlimited station range, and crisp, clear audio.
The simple truth is, for superior sound and station selection, satellite radio can’t be beat! Audio Electronics offers a number of options in satellite radio, from integrated CD/DVD/satellite decks and stand alone units to portable models. Our expert sales staff can help you pick the right equipment for your car or truck and provide custom satellite radio installation for a system that looks and sounds great. Call today to learn more!
The Nigerian recording artist plays tour guide, assembling the sounds and energies of two dynamic cities Accra and Lagos into an electrifying mixtape deeply rooted in tradition and contemporary styles.
Melodic drill pioneer Lil Durk returns with the third and most heartfelt installment of his ‘Signed to the Streets’ series.There is no drill music without Lil Durk....
Audiomack is proud to present the Drill Symphony with Chief Keef performing “Faneto.”After presenting the Trap Symphony with A Boogie and Migos, Audiomack is proud t...
Audiomack is proud to present the Drill Symphony with Chief Keef performing “Belieber.”After presenting the Trap Symphony with A Boogie and Migos, Audiomack is proud...
Audiomack is proud to present the Drill Symphony with Chief Keef performing “Love Sosa.”After presenting the Trap Symphony with A Boogie and Migos, Audiomack is prou...
Audiomack puts together a playlist of October’s rowdiest and most impressive hip-hop tracks.Who says quarter-four slump has kicked in? Thankfully, with the impressiv...
Artists are of paramount importance to us at Audiomack, let’s break down your rights when uploading to the platform.Audiomack was founded to create the closest rela...
Audiomack is proud to present the Drill Symphony with Chief Keef. Always moving music forward, the Drill Symphony was filmed at Henson Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California. With an enchanting ensemble - Summer Swee-Singh on piano, Camille Miller and Yasmeen Al-Mazeedi on violin, Tim Richardson on viola, Eru Matsumoto on cello, and Jon Brick on drums - recording by Jaime Sickora, mixed/arranged/composed by John Cleary, and the whole process shot out by Erikson Corniel, Chief Keef's classics are given new life.
The Imagine XB's are a great example of PSB's continued tradition, of bringing real HI-Fi sound to compact, and affordable speakers. Impressive bass extension in a compact chassis. Sweet, wide dispersion treble. Five year warranty.
Posted in Holidays, Wordless Wednesday, tagged Christmas, Wordless Wednesday on December 28, 2016| 3 Comments »
Posted in Holidays, tagged Christmas, clock, nostalgia, reflection on December 24, 2016| 4 Comments »
Santa hasn’t launched his sleigh yet, but there have been more than a few sightings of the jolly, old elf at the Auntie B’s Wax World Headquarters.
The aluminum foil tape applies qualified pressure sensitive adhesive to offer excellent adhesion, aging resistance, and heat preservation performance.
B-Tani brand (More Heavy Duty) Sickle (small) with short plastic handle. An agriculture tool with curved blade use for cutting grass or harvesting crop.
B-Tani (More Heavy Duty) sickle (Medium) with short plastic handle. An agriculture tool with curved blade use for cutting grass or harvesting crop.
· Bosch Quality, High Power, Affordable Price!· Affordable: Bosch Quality at an Affordable Price!· Durable: Designed with Robust Housing and Electronic Cell Protection (ECP)· High Performance: +20% soft torque improvements compared to GSR 1080-2-LI give more power to users!
This heavy-duty lock clamp is a perfect anti-theft device that will completely immobilize a wheel from rotating or turning. It is extremely durable,Light-weight versatile and easy to use.
Aurous from Tick Hong HardwareandTimber Sdn Bhd is one of the biggest Building hardware online store,hardware store, hardware shop, DIY Concept Store in Kuala Lumpur. The name “Aurous” signifies “gold” is the new name used by the company which has a very strong pedigree in construction material supply market for more than 25 years. Throughout the years, we provide our customers the most competitive price and discount for our products, together with our services and supports based on our long-standing experience and knowledge. Aurous hardware Online Store is specialize in Building and construction Material like Wood,Sand,Brick,Piping,Cement Product, Steel Bar,Wire Mesh, plywood, Board,Waterproofing also Sanitary,Paint,Power Tools, Castor Roller And General Hardware.Stock Brands like YTL,Lafarge ,HUME, BELCEM, MILWAUKEE, TORA, DULUX Paint, Mr Paint Man and etc.
Empty Frame and Fritiden Min presents VERSUS, an exhibition by Rashid Akrim and Ståle Gerhardsen. Both starts on a piece each, which is then sent back and forth and back and forth again. Like a creative tennis match with no rules. A challenge and an opportunity to keep up the creativity. The end result, as well as the entire process is being exhibited in Oslo and Trondheim. All steps in the process is exhibited. So if you like the third poster better than the end result, you can buy it. Hooray!
Rashid Akrim loves to draw, paint and take pictures. In 2004 he had his first solo exhibition in Sydney, Australia, with paintings and stencils. Since then he has been involved in several exhibitions in Norway and abroad. He has worked as AD in Catspy Mag, illustrated for various magazines and been a part of “byrom i portrom” and much more. Rashid has a degree in visual communication from Sydney and has worked as a graphic designer for ten years now. He is currently working for NRK as a graphic designer .
Ståle Gerhardsen has been working as a designer, illustrator, partner and/or Art Director in various design and advertising agencies in Trondheim for the past ten years. He now works p.t. as AD in Tibe T Advertising agency in Trondheim.
He started the clothing brand :pøbel, he is one of the heads behind the typography blog Hellotypo.com and been involved in the creative industry in Trondheim.
Ståle has participated in many exhibitions and has work published in several international books. He has also won many awards for his creative work in advertising, illustration, etc.
[Andreas Lubitz] thirsted for fame, though he had no achievements that entitled him to it, and he was willing to sacrifice 149 others to achieve it. He was prescribed useless drugs that possibly contributed to his aggression. It is a very modern story.
Enter the username or e-mail you used in your profile. Best Striptease Videos What would an extra 1k a month do for you and your family… Go to www. Think outside the box.. When the young ladies captured in these squirting xxx flicks finally let it all go, everyone in the room better put on their rain gear because this hardcore fucking and sucking ride is about to turn into a water ride.
Hairy Old Wet Cunts Compilation. Nice show on cam, cumming and playing hard in my dirty panties until having wet orgasm …. Orgasm squirting teenager Asian teen has creamy orgasms on her boyfriends cock Show more related videos. They play with toys that vibrate their clits relentlessly and send them over the top into a body shaking orgasm that results in a big smile on their faces and a tingling between their legs. Your email address will not be published.
German Xxx Toplist Backside Fisting and Squirting Think outside the box.. They might still be young, but they know how to cum! Related porn videos Busty Sirena makes her debut views 8 months ago Fresh Porn, Daily Update Cherry Uses a Vibrator to Cum.
This is not her first rodeo.....A greedy & lusty well-used slut is my favorite kinda slut. WishI could have pumped a load into her after they were done.
Madness: Project Nexus - File Size: 10.61 Mb	Rating: 100% with 3 votes Game Description: Madness: Project Nexus is a free Adventure game for kids to play online at GaheGames.com. You can play Madness: Project Nexus in your browser for free. Madness: Project Nexus is a cool side-scrolling shooting game. Help the ninja fighter with his job Nexus. Move him through rooms and kill all enemies in each level. Grab new weapons and try to survive this madness. Good luck! Control: Controls: WASD = Move, Mouse = Aim / Shoot, Space = Enter Room / Interact, E = Collect Weapon, Q = Swap Weapon, R = Reload	More >>
AnimeShinbun is a community of ​​​awesome people​​​ posting and discussing the latest anime news. It’s part of NewsBoiler, a network of social news sites covering today’s pop culture.
onlyincinerating m1webhost myhairsreal belladonnaalkaloids thescratchguy zecb hg0662 cocobellodesignllc augustthirdmedia webdealhouse hotbargainsstore opsnc bradleyfinnearty chroniclesofsilence themindofrobertberry dguez assindia-music-school undertheboot mbplasticfabrications tigersgirls semanais yusunpan polaroceanservices puertoricodrugcard xarxacontrol aveakampanyalar jerkywedge edscyclerepair emmanuelbaptistmineral nggrup
You have been proclaimed the greatest citizen in North Korea for the tenth year in a row. Congratulations!
I think government is more credible than Rush Limbaugh, Fox News, Mark Levin, Alex Jones, Sean Hannity and all the other sources of right wing entertainment. The government has a better track record of telling the truth than any of the aforementioned sources.
We have lot of ignorant and misinformed people out there owing to the previously mentioned right wing sources. Several academic studies have demonstrated consumers of information from any of those sources are less well informed than consumers of no news. That's pretty bad, and a damning indictment.
In my view what is needed, is to reinstate the Fairness Doctrine and we need to train people to properly vet information. Information providers like Google, Facebook, et al. need to label information as fake news or questionable news, and they are now doing so. But ultimately, people need to be aware of fake news and they need to do their own vetting of information. They need to listen to the both sides with open ears; too often people only seek to confirm their biases. That's wrong and that's dangerous, e.g. The Donald.
Government isn't going to fix fake news. Government shouldn't be the arbiter of what is said. It's that freedom of speech thingy. Government should help provide a platform for free and honest discussion, but it should not control the discussion. What happens on places like Fox News, Rush Limbaugh, et al. isn't free or honest. It's construction is very much like the Russian propaganda machine. That needs to change. Limbaugh and Fox News should be able to say whatever they want to say. But they should also allow for a free and fair discussion of issues of importance which is something they don't do today.
There are people in hiding or in jail for telling the truth, Stupid. Really, should we trust the government with the power to determine truth?
The government has been trusted to determine the truth from the very beginning. What do you think they do in courts across the land every day? That's a core judicial function.
And just how do we discern the truth when presented with alternative sources of information? How do you tell which source to believe, Bowser? (Inadequately and incompetently come to mind but I'm interested in your methodology, not adverbs.)
Nevertheless, Americans firmly believe that they are not fooled by made-up news. Thirty-nine percent are “very confident” they can recognize news that is fabricated. An additional 45% feel “somewhat confident.” As Pew noted, “Americans overall seem to be pretty comfortable that they can navigate this information environment, this hall of mirrors, if you will.”
But numerous studies suggest that Americans aren’t as adept at recognizing fake stories as they believe. An Ipsos poll for Buzzfeed News found that 75% of Americans who recognized a fake news story from the election still viewed the story as accurate. Respondents were shown six headlines—three false and three true. If they recalled seeing the story before, they were asked if the headline was accurate. Respondents believed the fake headlines were “somewhat” or “very” accurate 75% of the time. One made-up story (“Donald Trump Sent His Own Plane to Transport 200 Stranded Marines”) was viewed as accurate by 84% of respondents.
How will alternative sources clarify anything? I think that's kind of the problem. More often than not, as demonstrated by the American right wing, alternative sources confuse and spread fake news more than they clarify and educate. As Randwolf points out what makes you qualified to evaluate the trustworthiness and veracity of the alternatives? If you don't have that ability the alternatives confuse more than they clarify, e.g. the American right wing.
I'd love to see us go back to the days of the Fairness Doctrine where every media organization was required to provide a platform for fair and honest discussion. In a democracy we need that discussion, and unfortunately, with the rise of Republican entertainment where Republicans can create their own "facts" out of whole cloth, we sorely lack and need that discussion.
What really concerns me is how alike the Republican media and Putin's media are, even down to the scripted debates, and every American should find that disturbing.
US government sources are the worst places to get information. Don't take anything from the American mainstream media seriously.
Oh yes, and your specious anonymous sources are so much more credible? Seriously, your sources don't even have the guts to identify themselves, and you think they are better sources?
Where is your evidence US government sources are the worst sources? Just because reality doesn't stroke your biases, it doesn't follow that the sources are bad. You have made some extraordinary assertions; so let's see some extraordinary proofs. If you are an honest and semi intelligent individual, you should be easily able to do it. But you can't do it comrade.
I've lived abroad for twenty seven years and I've spoken to a lot of non-Americans who didn't know each other such as Central and South Americans, Asians, Africans, and Philippinos. They all have stories about American imperialism that are consistent with the articles in this site.
Outside of the US that info is considered the basics. Outside of the US there's nothing more amusing than a group of Americans discussing politics.
Again, I asked you for credible sources to back up your assertions. I didn't ask you to repeat your previous unfounded specious assertions. I asked for facts comrade. You do know what facts are? I've spoken to a lot of non-Americans too, and those conversations aren't consistent with your assertions. So let's see the hard facts from credible sources which would lead a reasoned person to your assertions. Where are they?
Can you give me an example of what you consider to be a credible source? Also, why do you simply accept what the American media say?
A credible source identifies itself. It doesn't hide behind pseudo names. Your "sources" don't even have the guts to identify themselves. They hide behind pseudonyms. Credible evidence is independently verifiable from sources which have a track record of getting it right. It really isn't that difficult.
Why do you summarily and without merit reject credible media sources? Where is your evidence I accept whatever the American media says? If you really knew anything about the "American media" you would know, unlike your beloved Mother Russia, there is no single American media. The American media is very diverse. You have the American version the Russian Times, i.e. Fox News, and you have mainstream sources like CNN, New York Times, etc. The American media runs the gamut of opinion, style, and journalistic standards. There are credible American sources and American media sources which are not credible. The American media isn't a single monolithic entity as you have represented it to be. It is very diverse, and produces an wide variety of opinions and perspectives. Further, I don't limit myself to just the American media. I read media sources from across the world, e.g. BBC, Al Jeezera, The Economist, The Associated Press, etc. But I don't waste my time reading specious sources who hide behind pseudonyms as you do. If they don't have the balls to identify themselves, why should I waste my time? I'm not looking for someone to stroke my confirmation bias. I want the truth.
You'd have to program the physics of gravity and velocity i.e. life on Earth etc. into the computer and then run the program. ☺
I think what you need is to program in the box's moment of inertia tensor, which will allow you to determine how fast the box rotates with a given amount of angular momentum, then you will need an equation for how the angular momentum of the box changes as it hits the wall. For simplification I would start with rigid motion, having the box's momentum perpendicular to the wall be instantaneously and completely reversed while parallel momentum remains unchanged, i.e. elastic collision, and the same momentum transfer would be used to calculate the change in angular momentum as \(\vec{r}\times\vec{\Delta p}\), where \(\vec{r}\) points from the centre of mass to the corner getting impacted.
Ok I did this. The rotations produced by the cross product seemed off, so I just ran a bunch of Physics based box2d sims of a cube, and saved the data of each test run.
What I mean by this is I overlayed the cross-product physics on top of a realistic physics engine and it does not match the ratios. For example, I got the ratio of rotations, when the custom box hit at a certain angle, 30 degrees, and cross referenced it to the realistic physics of a box hitting at 30 degrees. The ratio was 2.38. So I multiplied this to it and then changed the angle, but the ratio did not stay the same. Each new angle produced a new ratio and the cross product graph did not match the graph of the realistic physics.
If that is confusing, basically to simplify: the graph of the realistic physics looks kind of funky and exponential. The rotation speed doesnt increase linearly in relation to the angle. It would be nice if there was some kind of formula analysis to give me the equation behind this.
I did not take the time to record all of the data for the homebrew physics, only do some overlay testing and it did not match.
I don't have Microsoft Excel so if someone could direct me to a graph display app that would be nice.
Also, if someone could point out a formula analyzer that would be nice, some kind of program that analyzes data and patterns.
I did some more thinking about this problem, realized you need to also account for rotational energy. So maybe your collision model should be something where the total kinetic+rotational energy is conserved, but the change in velocity and rotation of the square is such that the instantaneous perpendicular velocity component of the corner hitting the wall is reversed, and the instantaneous parallel velocity remains unchanged, at the moment of impact.
You'd have three relevant variables to solve for in the collision: the rotation angle of the square, and the velocity of it's centre of mass in the x and y directions. You also have three equations: 1 equation for the conservation of total kinetic + rotational energy, 1 equation for the reflection of the impacting corner's velocity along x, and 1 equation for the instantaneous conservation of the impacting corner's velocity along y.
Yes I noticed this but this kind of seems like on the phlebotinum side of the spectrum. I noticed that the linear richochet velocity should lose energy based on the rotational speed. But I dont know the exact equation to determine the linear ricochet velocity and rotational velocity, in regards to the cross product. If there was an exact equation it would be nice.
I am glad you are still working on this, gamelord. I haven't been able to put much thought into the box scenario, because I have been working on the slightly-easier 'pong' situation that you and I talked about earlier. I remember you said you never quite got the rotation part of it right, and so I have been trying to do that instead.
I have an Excel spreadsheet which I am using to try to animate the pong ball such that it picks up deflection based on its rotation, and vice-versa. Since you say you do not have Excel, hopefully I will be able to find some other way to share it with you once it is done.
I have downloaded "screen to gif" which looks like an easy way to capture the animation from the screen, and make it a gif. Perhaps you can use that or something similar to show your progress also. Stay tuned...
So I want to make my own (2D) physics engine. I want to have a block hit a stationary wall. It will use a system of 4 points to detect collisions (The wall will always be larger than the block.)
So I want each of the 4 points to be moving in space, the 4 points are the corners of block. Say the 4 points are moving northward, and the block is not rotating. Any ideas?
i dont math, but in theory do you need the values of the wall and the object as mass also with velocity to factor the geometric functions of force & leverage etc ?
As in, you put in some numbers, and it somehow gives you the equation of the function that would produce those numbers (or the closest curve in approximation.)
And no matter what the mass is it seems to rotate the same. But the wall has stationary so mass is not a factor of the wall.
Note that even though the ball appears as an octagon, it is actually modeled as a true circle. So unfortunately this will not help answer the questions in the OP about the rectangular or square box.
The ball is thrown toward the left with no spin on it. But then, on the first bounce, it picks up some counter-clockwise spin. After bouncing off the left wall, the ball heads back toward the right. So the counter-clockwise spin becomes what I would call "back-spin" because the spin and the direction do not match.
On the next bounce, the back-spin results in a 'stalled out' type of bounce where the ball loses almost all of its x-velocity toward the right, and the back-spin reverses itself. I consider the reversal of the back-spin to be a special type of bounce that is directed tangentially to the circle. Then on the next bounce, the ball regains x-velocity toward the right.
I learned at a young age that rubber balls such as super-balls do behave this way when bounced in this manner. So I was careful to make sure that my model did account for this spin behavior.
For reference, below is another smooth version, but this time with only 4 sides, like the square that the OP asked about. See if you can find the times where the square should behave differently.
See if you can find the times where the square should behave differently. You can tell me those times by referring to the "t" variable, or the "ref" variable located at the bottom.
It's hard to tell from the Gif since I cannot go back and pause it. But around t14 it seems off like it rotates the wrong direction. How did you make this btw?
It's hard to tell from the Gif since I cannot go back and pause it. But around t14 it seems off like it rotates the wrong direction.
I assume you are talking about the animation with the square/diamond shape, not the one with the octagon. If so, then you are correct! There is a bounce at t=13.60 (ref=68) where the square does appear to rotate the wrong direction. There is also a bounce at t=19.00 (ref=95) where it appears to happen again.
The reason for that is because my program is designed around the behavior of a round ball. I only made it appear as a square on the screen, but it is really not a square in the program. If you look at t=13.60 (ref=68) and t=19.00 (ref=95) in the octagon animation, it will probably look more correct, because the octagon shape is closer to a round ball.
I programmed it in Microsoft Excel. Since you don't have that, you can download Open Office for free instead. And then I took the screen captures with another free download called "screen to gif".
My equations are probably not exact, I used a lot of "IF" statements, and overall it ended up being pretty complicated. Your thread inspired me to make it, but only for a round ball. The square would be even more complicated, so I don't think I will try that any time soon.
Thanks, Throbber. It was a fairly large undertaking, because it involves many layers of nested IF statements. I did keep them in separate cells to avoid creating a formula that would be so huge that it would be impossible to understand. But it was still pretty complicated.
I have written some macros within Excel before, but I found when I opened the file in Open Office, the macro didn't always behave exactly the same way. It was a while ago, so I don't remember all of the details. But I think the chart would flicker, or it would update very slowly, or something like that.
So, for this project, I was determined to do it without any macros. That is why you can see me holding my mouse cursor down on a scroll bar. It is the scroll bar which advances the time in the spreadsheet. I also learned that the Form Controls scroll bar does not cause the chart to update in real time (in Excel only, not Open Office), but the ActiveX Controls scroll bar does cause the chart to update in real time in Excel. Good information to know.
Hello there. Couldn't you use the CELLS function to skip through the calculations instead of holding the mouse on the scroll-bar. For example:
I purposefully made my spreadsheet with no VBA and no macros. It is just a ton of formulas spread out over very many cells, and a standard Excel chart which shows the graphic result.
The scroll-bar simply advances one cell (labeled "ref") by an increment of 1. I suppose it could be automated in VBA with something like this:
But I did not want to fight with extra code to make the chart update at the correct speed, prevent flicker in the chart, or whatever else might go wrong. So the ActiveX scroll bar did the job for me.
SPRINGFIELD -- Tougher punishments for underage drinkers unanimously passed the Illinois Senate Friday.
Under House Bill 3131, anyone younger than 21 who is given court supervision for possessing or consuming alcohol would be reported to the secretary of state’s office and automatically have his or her driver’s license suspended for three months.
Rebecca Rausch, a spokeswoman for Gov. Rod Blagojevich, said the governor’s policy advisers are reviewing the proposal, “but it seems like something we’d support.”
Under current Illinois law, anyone convicted of underage drinking is reported to the secretary of state’s office, which then slaps an automatic one-year license suspension on the offender. But as it is now, underage drinkers given court supervision are not reported to the secretary of state and therefore face no suspension.
Courts often choose to give underage drinkers court supervision rather than convict them. Within the last year in Sangamon County, court supervision was ordered in 111 of the 148 cases involving possession of alcohol by a minor, consumption of alcohol by a minor and unlawful consumption of alcohol by a minor, according to circuit clerk records.
HB 3131 was introduced by House Minority Leader Tom Cross, R-Oswego, after five teens in his hometown were killed in a Feb. 11 drunken-driving accident.
Sen. Linda Holmes, an Aurora Democrat who sponsored the bill in the Senate, said that while “teens may not initially be extremely happy with” the proposal, “it definitely will help provide some safety measures.”
“When you’re a teenager, you pretty much think you’re indestructible. And unfortunately that’s not true,” Holmes said. “This is a way of making teens stand up and notice, because if you take away a driver’s license — which undoubtedly is a teen’s most valuable possession that allows them the freedom to go shopping, go to school, go to work, do everything they want to do — this may make them think twice.”
Sen. Dave Koehler, D-Peoria, said he voted for the legislation because “we need to do everything we can to help prevent some of the tragedies that have occurred in our area.”
“I can only presume that everybody felt as I did, that in order to control underage drinking, maybe we need to go a little further, and this is a way of doing this,” Bomke said.
Dum Dums are made using all natural ingredients, are vegetarian and alcahol free unless stated. For those who wish to avoid egg, we do not use egg in and of our doughs just in our buttercream. Please contact us for more information and Egg Free options.
Welcome to Dum Dums. We are very excited to introduce you to our beautiful baked doughnuts. Hopefully, our website provides you with the information that you are looking for but if not, then please feel free to contact us with any questions.
The aim of the present study was to study possible evidence for shock wave therapy on pain and function in patients with plantar fasciitis.
A systematic review of the literature was performed in the databases PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane and Cinahl. This resulted in 18 randomized controlled trials where shock wave therapy was compared with placebo. All articles were scored according to the PEDro Scale and a checklist was also used to assess the methodological quality.
Ten of 17 trials that assessed pain reported a statistically significant group difference in pain reduction in favour of the shock wave therapy group. In nine of 16 trials that assessed function, a statistically significant group difference was shown in terms of improvement of function, with greater improvement in the shock wave therapy group.
There is no clear evidence for pain reduction and improvement of function in patients with plantar fasciitis. A slight majority of the trials showed statistically significant differences between the groups according to pain and function indicating that shock wave therapy may be somewhat more effective than placebo.
Launching Super Carry, he said Maruti is a new entrant in the segment where other major players like Tata Motors and Mahindra are already present.PTI | September 05, 2016, 18:36 IST
KOLKATA: Country's largest car manufacturer Maruti Suzuki, which recently made entry into the commercial vehicle segment, will launch its first LCV 'Super Carry' across the country in phases.
"In the first phase, we are piloting the launch of the LCV in the five Indian places of Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Ludhiana Haryana and Rajasthan," ED (marketing and sales) of Maruti Suzuki T Hashimoto said.
"We want to see the response first. Then, we will start rolling out the vehicle in other Indian states."
Launching Super Carry here today, he said Maruti is a new entrant in the segment where other major players like Tata Motors and Mahindra are already present.
Executive Director (marketing and sales) of Maruti Suzuki R S Kalsi said the LCV is being manufactured at the Gurgaon plant of the company.
"We are ramping up capacity while the Gujarat facility will become operational in the last quarter of the current fiscal with an initial capacity of 2.5 lakh per annum," he told reporters.
He said the LCV has been specifically designed for India, adding that the pan-India rollout will be done in the next financial year.
The slackening of demand was evident in retail sales, which dropped 15-35% for two-wheelers ahead of Diwali
He was known for setting up quality standards at the country’s larges passenger vehicles manufacturers.
The EconomicTimes.com privacy and cookie policy has been updated to align with the new data regulations in European Union. Please review and accept these changes below to continue using the website.
You can see our privacy policy & our cookie list below. We use cookies to ensure the best experience for you on our website.
If you choose to ignore this message, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on ET Auto.
We talked previously about how we are able to help you across any academic stage because We now have writers skilled to numerous concentrations. Our writers also have expert subjects. They are topics they know a great deal about and so are hugely obsessed with.
Provides a fifteen% lower price with the first buy. It appears ok, but many other web-sites offer you even bigger reductions.
Situated in Sydney, we are an Australian business that works by using legitimate Aussie writers to your function so you can rest assured that you simply won’t end up with a paper prepared in broken English exactly where portions of don’t even seem sensible, that's what can take place on certain affordable Internet websites. Our Site aims to help you in a way that truly does help you instead of just ripping you off!
This assignment writing service captivated the attention of many fast paced learners mainly because we recognize that besides studying you devote time on sporting activities, relatives, perform, as well as like.
At EssayRoo.com, we obtain numerous requests for research help from college students living in Oz. You may think that these pupils are lazy, disorganized, or they don’t care about staying good learners.
Desire to get help from entire world’s no.one assignment writing service? Consult our really-skilled and skilled writers to attain tutorial excellence Sign up Currently a TotalAssignmentHelp member? Login
We have now invested seriously in the direction of good quality control and checking with the target of making certain each of our consumers acquire significant-top quality articles and scores higher grades on each assignment we deliver.
The assignment writing service the uk may perhaps assist you ever in, for the whole duration of your educating.
Sharkhide Steel Protectant is a clear, adaptable chemical coating that when placed on clear dry metal surfaces will offer several years of protection from the elements.
"The admission essay from their author was flawless. I have ordered it for an early admissions and I had a summer to take it easy and not stressing if I'll be in college or university for the following semester or need to take a gap yr."
Hence you will not shed the grades within your tutorial session for late publishing if you're taking support from our encounter writers concerning your assignment perform.
On the list of premium services we provide is our past-moment assignment service, as we understand how a lot of learners experience an absence of time to finish all of their function when faced with tight deadlines. We recommend that you simply go online the moment it is possible to and full the information asked for on our buy type.
Which listing will not be exhaustive as during the educational realm there are actually a lot of means of conveying ideas and believed within a composed type. Going through such a wide array of distinct tasks which can be characterized by controversial demands and so are always due to tight deadlines, a student could possibly inquire himself “How am I purported to do my assignment, to get it done properly and punctually?
Overall Assignment Help is a leading tutorial writing service supplier you can try this out in worldwide instruction current market. We emphasize on delivering significant-quality educational writing services and possess helped Many college students score good grades in pursuit in their MBA schooling.
Malaysia's former Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, smiles as he walks into the Anti-Corruption Agency in Putrajaya, Malaysia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Yam G-Jun)
Malaysia's former Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, waves to the media as he walks into the Anti-Corruption Agency in Putrajaya, Malaysia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Yam G-Jun)
Riza Aziz, center, stepson of Malaysian former Prime Minister Najib Razak, arrives at Anti-Corruption Agency in Putrajaya, Malaysia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Riza appears before the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission to give statement related to the 1MDB investigation. (AP Photo/Vincent Thian)
In this photo taken Thursday, May 24, 2018, former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, center, speaks to media as he leaves the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) Office in Putrajaya in Kuala Lumpur. (AP Photo/Vincent Thian)
Riza Aziz, right, stepson of Malaysian former Prime Minister Najib Razak, arrives at Anti-Corruption Agency in Putrajaya, Malaysia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Riza appears before the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission to give statement related to the 1MDB investigation. (AP Photo/Vincent Thian)
PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia — The Latest on a corruption scandal involving former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak (all times local):
Malaysian government investigators have confirmed the arrest of former Prime Minister Najib Razak and say he will be charged in court on Wednesday.
Investigators on a government task force investigating alleged theft and money laundering at the 1MDB state investment fund said Najib's arrest Tuesday was linked to the anti-graft agency's probe into 42 million ringgit ($10.6 million) that was transferred into Najib's bank account from SRC International, a former 1MDB unit, using multiple intermediary companies.
A government official and an aide to former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak say Najib has been arrested by anti-graft officials.
Najib's arrest comes nearly two months after his coalition's shocking defeat in a May 9 general election.
The official, who declined to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter, said Najib was picked up from his house Tuesday and is being brought to the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission's headquarters, and that the agency will issue a statement soon. The aide, who declined to be named, confirmed his arrest.
Malaysia's anti-corruption agency is questioning Riza Aziz, the stepson of former premier Najib Razak and a Hollywood film producer, as part of probe into alleged theft and money-laundering at the 1MDB state investment fund.
Alleged corruption at the 1MDB fund helped bring on the unexpected defeat of Najib's coalition in May 9 polls. The new government reopened investigations that were stifled while Najib was in office.
U.S. investigators say Riza's company, Red Granite Pictures Inc., used money stolen from 1MDB to finance Hollywood films including the Martin Scorsese-directed "The Wolf of Wall Street." Red Granite agreed in March to pay the U.S. government $60 million to settle claims it benefited from the 1MDB scandal.
China's top economic planner has pledged to continue cutting steel and coal production, which have...
"We call it South Louisiana music and I guess the only way to describe it is to say that it's the musicians who make the sound different. Most speak French and many played in Cajun bands. Consequently, I think we all kept part of this French-Cajun music ingrained in us, you can almost detect it, something of a Cajun flavor in the song."
Dedicated to being landlord to the English-speaking Catholic community, the Foundation of Catholic Community Services, on behalf of the community as a whole, is devoted to the management and governance of its many assets including the Catholic Centre, the St. Antoine 50+ Community Centre, Camp Kinkora and Camp Orelda Marian.
The Foundation is engaged in a forum for healthy discussion and strongly welcomes and supports the continued active participation of all community members in the spiritual growth and success of the centres and camps. We look forward to working towards the future together.
In total there are 6 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 6 guests (based on users active over the past 30 minutes)
The utility model relates to a trough type vibrating feeder, which is characterized in that the space for carrying the material is a trough body...
The pipe feeder is suitable for the processing of bulk powder and usually requires the particle size of the material to be conveyed...
In this Russian speaking club, we discuss on topics related to well-being of women based on introductions.
This year the Irish Republic is celebrating 90 years since the 1916 Easter Rising. With the passage of time, the way this event is marked has changed. Nowadays it is presented as the indispensable precondition for the pride and joy of today’s Irish bourgeoisie: the so-called Celtic Tiger. The ‘blood sacrifice’ of long dead Irish patriots, and not the merciless exploitation of the living labour of proletarians from all over the world, is being put forward as the secret of the high growth rates of the modern Irish economy.
But while the themes of this ritual commemoration change with the years, the basic idea propagated by the ruling class in Ireland remains the same. This idea is that national independence was the result of the unanimity of all classes, all the courageous and ‘rebel’ forces of Irish society. Above all, the bourgeois mythology of the Easter Rising sees it as a product of the unity between the nationalist and the workers’ movements, represented by the two leaders of the insurrection against British rule: Patrick Pearse at the head of the Irish Volunteers, and the radical socialist James Connolly who commanded the militia called the Irish Citizens Army.
In order to maintain this myth, it is regularly forgotten that there was one labour leader of the time who bitterly opposed the 1916 rising. This forgetfulness of the Irish bourgeoisie (including its radical Sinn Fein and ‘Marxist’ wings) is all the more striking, since that leader, Sean O’Casey, went on to become one of the most important dramatists of the 20th century. His most famous play, The Plough and the Stars, which today is generally accepted as being one of the great works of modern world literature, is a blistering denunciation of the Easter Rising. This play is a thorn in the flesh of the Irish bourgeoisie, because it recalls the historic truth that not only O’Casey, but the working class in Ireland refused to participate in or support the rising.
The Irish Citizens Army was a militia set up during the six month 1913 Dublin lockout to protect workers from the savagery of state repression against transport workers’ militancy. The ‘Plough and the Stars’ was the banner of the ICA. It was one of the workers’ movement’s most poetic flags. The plough represents the turning over of the soil of capitalist society by the class struggle, the patient work of planting the seeds of the future, but also the imperious need to harvest their fruits when they are ripe. As for the stars, they stand for the beauty and the loftiness of the goals and ideals of the workers’ movement.
O’Casey’s play of the same name is a furious indictment of the betrayal of these ideals through the participation of the ICA in the 1916 nationalist insurrection. While the fighting is going on in the city centre, the slum dwellers of Dublin are dying of poverty and consumption. O’Casey shows that there was nothing in the alleged high ideals of the nationalists which could morally uplift the workers and the poor. He shows how, on the other side of the street from the buildings occupied by the insurrectionists, the starving tenement dwellers appear, not in order to support them, but to plunder the shops.
To express his indignation, O’Casey employs a series of powerful images. The second act is set in a pub. Outside, the meeting is taking place, where, on October 25th 1915, the ICA allied itself with the Irish Volunteers. It is the moment of the betrayal of the Plough and the Stars. But this scene takes place out of sight of the workers in the pub. All we see and hear is the shadowy outline of the ‘voice in the window’ looming up as in a nightmare, like a ghost from the dead, imposing itself on the living. It is the voice of the nationalist leader Pearse, extolling the virtues of sacrificing blood for the cause of the nation. ‘Inside’ on stage, the workers are inflamed by this speech. The pub scene shows how the ruling class pulls the workers off their class terrain by obscuring their material reality and deadening their consciousness. While Pearse praises the heroism of patriotic blood spilling, the intoxication this causes among those in the pub leads to a series of brawls, a parody of capitalist competition. Far from opposing the barbarism of the First World War, during which it took place, O’Casey shows how the Easter Rising gave this barbarism another form. It became the first link in a chain of war and terror leading, in the early 1920s, from the Irish War of Independence against Britain, to the Civil War within the bourgeoisie of the new Irish Free State. These events, introducing new levels of savagery, announced much of what was to come during the 20th century, especially in the course of ‘national liberation struggles.’
Centre stage in this scene is the prostitute Rosie Redmond. The symbolism of this is unmistakable, since the Anglo-Irish literary revival of the time loved to depict Ireland or Gaelic nationalism as a woman (for instance in W.B.Yeats’ play Cathleen Ni Houlihan).
In Act Four, the men playing cards on the lid of the coffin of one of the slum dwellers are a metaphor for how the working people, by failing to fight for their own interests, become helpless pawns in the power struggles of alien forces. O’Casey’s characters are the victims, not the protagonists of history.
In February 1926 at the fourth performance of this play at Dublin’s Abbey Theatre there was a riot. The freshly installed ruling class immediately understood that the very foundations of the new state were being threatened by this demolition of the 1916 myth, the ‘crucifixion and resurrection’ of the Irish nation. In the fourth book of his autobiography, Inishfallen, Fare Thee Well, O’Casey was later to recall how he was abused by the widows of the 1916 rebels that night when leaving the theatre. One of them shouted: “I’d like you to know that there isn’t a prostitute in Ireland from one end of it to th’ other”.
The author emigrated to London a month after the riot. (Had he remained, he could have witnessed the public burning of Alfred Hitchcock’s film version of his play Juno and the Paycock in Limerick in 1930, three years before Nazi book burning began in Germany).
Long before, he had become a persona non grata in Dublin because of his position on the Easter Rising. Within the play itself, O’Casey ironically deals with his own public image. The character who puts forward the opinion of the author is a cowardly, dogmatic armchair tenement revolutionist called the Covey (a Dublin word for a smart alec, a know all). It‘s him who declares that the ICA has disgraced the Plough and the Stars by taking part in a middle class nationalist revolution, who terms the speech of Pearse “dope” and who criticises the British socialist soldier Stoddard for having abandoned internationalism in the face of the world war.
The play The Plough and the Stars is the crowning point of a remarkable transformation in the artistic development and in the world views of Sean O’Casey. At the beginning, he was the author of propaganda plays full of complex argumentation (in the style of his celebrated Dublin contemporary George Bernard Shaw), but generally considered to be of little artistic value. In the first half of the 1920s he produced, almost overnight, three great dramas, the so-called Dublin trilogy. These were historical plays of a contemporary nature, each dealing scathingly with a major event: The Shadow of a Gunman (the IRA war against British rule), Juno and the Paycock (the Irish Civil War), and The Plough and the Stars. Thereafter, his plays rarely attained the same artistic quality again. This puzzling development has led people to speak of ‘The O’Casey enigma’. Irish nationalists have tried to explain the relative decline of his creativity from the 1930s on through his emigration, as if he could not produce great art without having his ‘native soil’ under his feet. But soon after moving to London, O’Casey did write another powerful historical play, The Silver Tassie. It is based on his experience as a patient in a Dublin hospital (being treated for ailments which directly resulted from his poverty), where he shared rooms with many of the maimed victims of First World War then raging. It is a furious condemnation of imperialist war (which the state-subsidised Abbey Theatre refused to perform).
In reality, O’Casey’s flowering was possible because of the ideas which inspired him at the time – those brought forward by the upsurge of workers’ struggles on the eve of the First World War, and their confirmation through the proletarian revolt against the war, above all the October Revolution of 1917 in Russia. He was one of the first to put the lives of working class people at the centre of world literature, showing the wealth and diversity of their personalities. He was perhaps the first to put the language of the tenements on the stage. He delighted in the magical fantasy, the irresistible rhythm and the baroque exaggerations of the Dublin slum dwellers, recognising how they used rhetoric in order to enrich their bleak lives and gain a sense of self dignity.
In this sense, his artistic development is inseparable from the changes in his general world view. At the onset, O’Casey was a fanatical Irish republican nationalist. Born into an educated, but poverty-stricken family, he had only three years of school education, and became an undernourished unskilled labourer. At the time, the infant mortality rate in Dublin was higher than in Moscow or Calcutta. Despite a serious eye ailment, he educated himself, becoming an avid reader of literature. At an early age, he became an activist in the Gaelic League, the Irish Republican Brotherhood and other nationalist groupings. But because of his situation as a worker, it was almost inevitable that his artistic development would largely depend on the evolution of the socialist movement. It was the development of the proletarian struggle which brought his creative sensitivity to the surface, just as his later artistic decline was linked to the perversion of its principles with the defeat of the world revolution in the 1920s (O’Casey became an unapologetic Stalinist).
When O’Casey himself was eighteen, he was sacked for refusing to take off his cap while being paid his wages. In 1911, he was inspired by the great railway strike of the British proletariat. But what won him over to the workers’ movement was the great labour conflict in Dublin in 1913. For one thing, it coincided with the arrival (from Liverpool) of Jim Larkin, the leader of the 1913 movement. Larkin revealed to O’Casey that revolutionary socialism was something very different from a trade union mentality. In Larkin’s vision, the proletariat was fighting, not only for food and drink and shelter, but for true humanity, for access to music and nature, education and science, as indispensable moments towards a new world. As O’Casey would later write, Larkin “brought poetry into the workers’ fight for a better life”.
For O’Casey, this was a revelation. In Ireland at the time, to be Catholic was considered synonymous with being poor and Irish, Protestant with being rich and English. But O’Casey came from a Protestant background. The intensity of his original nationalism, the changing of his name (he was born John Casey) were probably motivated by feelings of guilt or inferiority. That all of this was of no importance, was an insight which he experienced as a liberation.
But of course it was also the bitterness of the 1913 conflict itself which transformed the outlook of Sean O’Casey. This was the nearest Irish society to date has come to an open class war between labour and capital. For the first time ever, there was an open split between the proletariat and Irish nationalism. In book 3 of his autobiography Drums under the Windows, O’Casey reminds us that the Irish Volunteers were “streaked with employers who had openly tried to starve the women and children of the workers, followed meekly by scabs and blacklegs from the lower elements among the workers themselves, and many of them saw in this agitation a plumrose path to good jobs, now held in Ireland by the younger sons of the English well-to-do.” As for that other major nationalist force in Ireland, the Catholic Church, its priests staged pitched battles to prevent children of locked out families being sent to England to be fed and taken care of by “pagan” i.e. socialist families. Drums under the Windows narrates how a married couple from a militant Catholic lay organisation came to the strike headquarters in Liberty Hall to appeal to the ‘religious faith’ of the workers. “Asked by Connolly if the Knight and his Dame would take five children into their home suite home, the pair were silent; asked if they would take two, they were still silent; and turning away to go out, before they could be asked if they would take one”.
It became clear that the only supporter of the Irish wage labourers was the international proletariat, in particular the English workers. Living reality had thus demonstrated that the old marxist formula no longer applied, according to which the English and the Irish workers could only act together in the perspective of national separation.
In a sense, Ireland, like the Russian Empire, had experienced in 1913 a kind of ‘1905’ of its own: a dress rehearsal for the proletarian revolution. Such pre-revolutionary battles are an essential part of the preparation for the struggle for power. This was well understood by the marxist Left in the period after the mass strikes and soviets in Russia in 1905. This is why Rosa Luxemburg and Anton Pannekoek denounced the prevention of such ‘dress rehearsals’ by the Socialist Party in Germany at that time not only as cowardice, but as the beginning of betrayal.
But in Ireland, 1913 was not the prelude to socialist revolution. In this sense, its evolution resembled not that of the Russian Empire, but a specific part of it: Poland. The Polish proletariat had participated magnificently in the mass strikes of 1905. But in Poland, as in Ireland, when the moment was ripe for the world revolution, the workers were derailed by the establishment of a nation state.
As secretary of the Strikers Relief Committee in 1913, O’Casey had been in charge of the fund raising for the families of the workers locked out. After the defeat of the strike in January 1914, he was one of the first to propose a re-organisation of the workers’ self-defence militia, the ICA, on a permanent basis – and was elected honorary secretary of the new Army Council. Since open class conflicts were over for the moment, this policy only made sense in the perspective of the preparation for armed insurrection. The outbreak of imperialist world war the same year only confirmed this perspective.
But what was to be the nature of this insurrection: socialist or nationalist? The ICA was a proletarian militia. But its very name - Irish Citizens Army - reflected the dead weight of Irish nationalism, which the struggle of 1913 had only partly overcome. With the outbreak of the ‘Great War’, within the workers’s organisations there was a revival in the influence of radical nationalism.
The First World War, which ushered in the epoch of decadent capitalism, was a historical frontier at almost every level, including the psychological one. We can take the example of Patrick Pearse, the ‘commander in chief’ of the 1916 rising. Although an extreme patriot, he was known for the nobility of his character, and his progressive ideas about education. But after the world war broke out, he gave a series of public speeches which can only be described as insane. He became a nationalist in the fullest sense of the word, rejoicing in the sacrifice of the young lives of all the warring nations, claiming that this blood being spilt was like wine cleansing the soil of Europe.
It is significant that James Connolly was soon to fall for the spell of this atavistic vision of blood sacrifice. Connolly had always belonged to the left wing of the Socialist International. Born in Edinburgh into horrific poverty, with hardly any schooling, like O’Casey a self educated worker of considerable learning, he was a man of deep convictions and great personal courage. Nevertheless, the collapse of the International and the madness of the world war profoundly destabilised him. From 1915 on, he began to publicly announce a coming insurrection in the workers’ press, bringing the ICA militants out for military exercises such as the storming of public buildings under the eyes of the British authorities. In the end, it was Connolly who was urging the Irish Volunteers to no longer postpone the rising, saying that otherwise he would go ahead on his own with his 200 ICA ‘soldiers’.
Contemporary Irish historians, such as his latest biographer Donal Nevan, have gone to some pains to show that Connolly did not share the vision of Pearse of a blood sacrifice. They cite the series of articles on “Insurrection and Warfare” which Connolly wrote in 1915, as proof that he believed that the 1916 rising had a real chance of success. And indeed, this series represents an important contribution to the marxist study of military strategy. For instance, in his article on the Moscow insurrection of 1905, one of the points highlighted is that it was not militarily defeated, but “melted away as suddenly as it had taken form” as soon as it became clear that neither the workers in St. Petersburg nor the peasantry were following its lead. They melted into the protecting proletarian masses around them.
But in one of the controversies within the ICA between O’Casey and Connolly before 1916, the latter defended the opposite viewpoint. This concerned whether or not to purchase uniforms. Clearly, it was O’Casey who defended the proletarian standpoint of the Moscow insurrectionists, according to which the combatants avoid a lost cause battle in order to preserve their forces. “If we flaunt signs of what we are, and what we do, we’ll get it on the head and round the neck. As for a uniform – that would be the worst of all…Caught in a dangerous corner, there would be a chance in your workaday clothes. You could slip among the throng, carelessly, with few the wiser.” (Quoted in Drums under the Windows). Indeed, O’Casey challenged Connolly to a public debate, and submitted an article on the issue – which was never published.
O’Casey resigned from the Irish Citizens Army after his motion was defeated forbidding double membership in the ICA and the Irish Volunteers. Soon after, Larkin left for the United States (where he participated in the founding of the Communist Party of America in 1919). From then on, O’Casey and Delia Larkin became increasingly isolated in their opposition to the course taken by Connolly. As O’Casey put it in his History of the Irish Citizens Army (1919) “Liberty Hall was no longer the Headquarters of the Irish Labour movement, but the centre of Irish national disaffection.”
The road to the 1916 Rising was now open. But this road was not followed by the Irish proletariat, which had launched itself into the defence of its class interests in face of the war. Some of the last articles Connolly wrote before his tragic death were devoted to this question. He refers to the strikes of the Dublin dockers, construction and gas workers, and to labour conflicts in Cork, Tralee, Sligo, Kingstown (Dun Laoghaire) and other centres. He also writes about the great strike of the munitions workers in the Glasgow area. But Connolly never once appealed to the Irish workers to join the Easter Rising, or even to go on strike in sympathy. And when he led the occupation of the General Post Office on Easter Monday, the first thing he did was to turn out the employees there at gunpoint. He knew perfectly well that proletariat of Dublin, still furious about the 1913 events, would have nothing to do with a nationalist upheaval. And it was this attitude of the workers which was to give O’Casey the strength to write his great dramatic trilogy.
In the end, it was the symbolism of the blood sacrifice of 1916 which overpowered the autonomous workers movement in Ireland for years to come. For blood sacrifice it was. The previous day, the official leadership of the Irish Volunteers had publicly cancelled the rising, after the attempt to land German arms had failed (a detail which shows to what extent it was part of the international imperialist rivalries). The insurrection was carried through by a small minority against all the odds, in order to oblige the British authorities to execute its leaders. It was a modern version of the myth of crucifixion and resurrection, which is why it had to take place at Easter. It overpowered Connolly himself. We know from his private correspondence that Connolly was an atheist, although towards the outside he would sometimes denied this in order not to alienate the more religious layers of workers. But all the evidence indicates that he died as a devout Catholic.
It was through creating feelings of guilt towards the heroes allegedly left in the lurch that the class consciousness of the proletariat was deadened. As O’Casey put it: “They had helped God to rouse up Ireland: let the whole people answer for them now, for evermore.”
Why was O’Casey able to resist this? He was less of a theoretician than Connolly. Even on the national question, he was not necessarily clearer than those around him. But he felt profoundly attached to what he understood as the human dimension of the workers’ struggle, to the forces celebrating the dignity of mankind and the importance of life even in the face of death.
1916 announced much of what decadent capitalism had in store for society. Because it has led mankind into a dead end, capitalism has enforced the burden of the past weighing like a nightmare on the brains of the living. Because it alone holds the perspective of a future society, the revolutionary proletariat has no use for the glorification of guilt, sacrifice or death.
‹ Strike at Seat in Spain: Our intervention against union sabotage up The ruling class uses Mohammed cartoons to stir up nationalist hatred ›
To set up your dwelling place on water rather than on land is currently a big dream for many. Whether in an urban or a more idyllic setting, right in the city centre or closer to nature on a river or remote lake. Whether permanently or just for a certain amount of time. Accordingly, it is also a big issue at boot Düsseldorf from January 20th to 28th, 2018.
Discover various concepts and ideas about “living on board” at the world’s leading boat show, be inspired!
„Something is tickling my nose. I wake up, still sleepy, I open my eyes. It is the sun that falls diagonally through the floor-to-ceiling window. Reflections from the water’s surface outside are dancing on the bright ceiling directly above me. Happily I turn over again. A boat drives by, the waves gently clatter against the pontoon below the bedroom window. Gulls are screaming, but now I look out into the bright summer morning, onto the glittering blue of the Flensburg Fjord beyond the low stone pier. One, two sailors are already out there, taking advantage of a gentle morning breeze. I brew the first coffee of the day in the galley, with a full view of the harbour and the fjord. Later, we will have breakfast on the small wooden deck just above the waterline and we will consider what to do with this wonderful, new day on the sea.“
Or close to this. Here, in one of the floating holiday homes on the Flensburg Fjord we can enjoy living on a houseboat for an extended weekend. And test if you are made for it. Once you have experienced this, it is most likely you will want to get more of it – maybe even to live on board permanently. Life on the water is inspiring and soothing at the same time, it is actually very close to land and yet feels far away at the same time. No wonder more and more people start thinking about it.
In the Netherlands of the 1950s, 60s and 70s, when space for housing on land was scarce and a large number of small cargo ships were discharged from service. In the early days, it was mostly old coastal cargo ships converted to residential vessels. Today, living on a houseboat is anything but easy or even cheap. The berths available in European cities are in great demand and expensive, and many residential ships are imaginative and technically complex refits that outshine many designer lofts.
Adding to this are a rising number of newly constructed houseboats, designed by architects, stylish and modern – to be seen in Amsterdam, Paris or London as well as in increasingly more ports along the coasts or inland waterways. In many cities of our neighbouring European countries houseboats and floating homes of all kinds have been a familiar sight in the cityscape for many decades, and almost always the surrounding parts of the city have grown more colourful, lively and attractive with the boats. We are not at that point in Germany yet. Yet, there are only a few houseboats in the big cities like Hamburg or Berlin, and it is apparently easier to find suitable berths in the smaller coastal towns; especially along the Baltic coast, there is a lot going on there.
From a technical point of view, the easier solution is to have a fixed berth for your houseboat and have it connected to the local supply and disposal networks. But politically it is rather more difficult. Simply because the demand for houseboat berths currently exceeds the supply by far. It is not always clear which local authority is responsible, and often areas directly adjacent to the water are designated as purely commercial areas in which residential homes are not permitted. Other hurdles are boat traffic, tidal range or nature conservation issues. On top of that, the licensing procedure for houseboat moorings is still new territory for the authorities, so the issue is often handled carefully and with great restraint.
It gets easier, if the houseboat is officially licensed as a recreational boat. In this case, for example, it can also be moored in marinas. However, this option also has its difficulties in terms of technical complexities: it is not always easy to connect to the supply and, above all, disposal lines. You may need either a wastewater tank on board that is emptied regularly or an on-board sewage treatment plant. And not every houseboat licensed officially as a “recreational boat” is actually suitable for navigation: a small outboard engine attached to a house on a rather large pontoon may just be enough to help manoeuvring if, for example, the berth has to be changed within a marina, but hardly for more navigation.
Whether it is to be a sports boat or a floating real estate, the question already decides about the “foundation” on which the floating home will be constructed. Options include floats made of seawater resistant aluminium or concrete. Both materials have their advantages, both are as good as maintenance free. For the sports boat option it would have to be aluminium, and a concrete float may be too heavy for some berths – after all, like so often, it is a question of the actual conditions and requirements. Solutions are as individual as the houseboats and their inhabitants.
Once again, everything changes when it comes to houseboats actually made for navigating on the water. These, obviously, have to be fully navigable and seaworthy ships, but equipped for permanent residence on board. Most popular in this category are converted inland cargo vessels, mainly from the Netherlands, but also from Belgium or France, which, at some 20 to 30 meters in length, eventually became too small to carry any freight profitably; but they are of ideal size to make a residence. They offer a lot of space on board and, with a little practice, they can even still be navigated. However, these ships may be 100 years or even older and not all of them are in perfect condition. Make absolutely sure to get an experts opinion before even thinking about signing a contract to buy such a boat. Several brokers, especially in the Netherlands, have specialized in the brokerage of such moving live-aboard vessels.
To try and test it, a good first step is to spend an extended holiday on a small, mobile holiday houseboat as offered for charter by many exhibitors in the Travel World in Hall 13 of boot Düsseldorf. Such a holiday houseboat is at about ten to 12 meters significantly smaller than real houseboats or floating homes for living aboard, but they also offer all the comfort that you can expect on boats of this size and for the purpose of a relaxing holiday cruise as a newcomer to houseboats.
At least two cabins with bunks, shower and toilet, a well-equipped kitchen or pantry, a cosy saloon as main living room, often with a good panoramic view of the outside. Most boats have a large outside deck area or terrace. Of course, there is electricity, hot and cold water as well as a heating system for cruises early or late in the season. Almost all boats feature a bathing platform or, at least, direct access to the water at the stern.
Such boats are available for charter on many great European inland waterways like in Germany, the Netherlands, France, England, Poland or Ireland.
Norberto Moreau is co-founder of the Allied Management Ltd Consulting Group (Hong Kong, United Kingdom, Spain). The group and his associates have activities in Yachting, Properties, Events and Online Services.
Tagged adventure, architecture, austria, city break, europe, holiday, innsbruck, Lifestyle, Nature, photography, snow, tourist, Travel, winterLeave a comment
I knew it was around the time — maybe a few days before. I couldn’t remember the exact date that I was standing in Joann’s and received the call from my doctor. I’ve been waiting for those early blog posts to pop up in my Facebook memories. It will still be a few more days. It took awhile before I knew how to express my feelings without being forthright about the issue.
On Tuesday I saw a post in which a former youth was announcing that she and her husband are expecting their first child this spring. That same day I saw that Amy Schumer is pregnant. A few days before that I saw that the the Prince and Duchess are expecting. Not that the second two really matter that much in my life, but still… they are pregnant and I’m not. In response to this, I posted an image on Instagram with this quote: “Grief is like an earthquake. The first one hits you and the world falls apart. Even after you put the world together again there are aftershocks, and you never really know when those will come.”
After arriving to the location of the conference I was attending, I checked my phone and saw I had a DM on Instagram. It was from the former youth — I hesitated to open it. I hope I didn’t upset her — I hope she didn’t feel my post was directed at her. But, when I opened her message I was blown away by her compassion, love and consideration. In her times of celebration and anticipation, she’s been remembering me. I could hardly believe it. I felt deeply connected to her. I felt incredibly grateful.
Over lunch I heard one of my new friends say something about a theology professor in Dallas who focuses on infertility and miscarriage. I wasn’t part of the conversation but my ears perked up and I jumped in, What’s his name? Who is this? David Schones. I immediately googled his name and when I have time I will do more research about his work. Maybe this is what I’ve been searching for. I don’t know why this friend mentioned his name or knew about his work. I never got a chance to ask her, but I will eventually. I have a feeling there’s more to her story, or perhaps the story of someone she cares for.
After lunch our guest speaker of the day brought a lot of energy into the room. Loud music that inspired movement and joy. Deep breathing and full body stretches. Genuine appreciation for the group and his presence with us. I was excited to hear what he had for us. And then. He shared a picture of his daughter — the one he and his wife never expected to have. They struggled with infertility for 8 years and were living in the ashes of what wouldn’t be… until it was and they named this child Phoenix, one who rose from the ashes.
Why? Why did this story need to be told today, to this group, to me? He asked us to close our eyes and listen to God — what word did we hear? Comfort, I heard. My eyes were beginning to water, but I held it together. Until. He asked us to turn to a partner and share the word we heard. I looked over at my new friend Clarence and the tears began to fall. He reached out his hand for mine and held my hand while I tried to speak the words in my mouth.
I don’t know why he had to tell that story, I said. Infertility is my story too. And it was two years ago, almost to the day that I found out from my doctor. I don’t know why this is happening today. Clarence listened intently, as did Tamario who was sitting at the end of the table. There were no words of assurance or suggestions for what to do — they just listened. More than anything, I need people to listen. And they did that perfectly.
We spent much of the afternoon outside exploring Houston. I needed that, space with the group but on my own. I had time to breathe. I needed time to breathe.
Another new friend invited a few of us to attend a group that her church hosts every Wednesday evening. I had no idea what to expect, but over the week I decided to “yes” more and watch where it leads. As soon as we arrived I saw her — a beautiful little girl, maybe 18 months old. Her name is Emerald. I kept waiting for her grandmother to take her home or something. She was walking around as we were reading scripture. She was being noisy while we were talking. She has an inviting smile — it’s hard to ignore her even though I desperately wanted to ignore her. At one point she started grabbing people’s hands and doing a little dance. Skip me, skip me. Instead she skipped the woman next to me and walked over and grabbed my hands. She looked me right in the eyes and held my hands while she wiggled her diaper-padded behind. She smiled at me. I think her eyes were sparkling, like a shiny Emerald. I couldn’t say no, I couldn’t ignore her outreached hands.
Finally, after a long, exhausting day, I got back to the Airbnb only to discover that my period was starting. One last reminder, just in case I hadn’t picked up any of the others…
I fell into bed. Out of curiosity, I looked at my calendar. October 2016, toward the end of the month. I was looking for “Nanny” on the calendar because I was with her at Joann’s that day. Monday, October 24, 2016. It was two years ago to the day.
One or two of those things on this day, perhaps a coincidence? All of them? No way. The message on Instagram, the mention of a professor, the personal story of infertility, the little girl, my body… there’s no way all of these came together on this very specific day randomly.
I don’t know the message. Perhaps to be reminded that this journey isn’t over. Perhaps to be reminded of how far I’ve come. Maybe the message is that I’m not alone. Maybe the message is I am loved, fully and deeply.
You definitely are loved! I don’t believe in coincidences. What all that you described means for you right now is something only you can say. But you have so many gifts to offer and have such a presence in so many young people’s lives. Not many people have that.
Categories Select Category 2016 (1) 2017 (83) 2018 (37) 20th reunion (1) abundance (5) accident (1) advent (7) anxiety (1) art gallery fabric (1) asp (4) attachment (7) aunt (12) beach (2) birthday (2) Blue Planet II (1) boundaries (8) box canyon trail (2) brave (77) breathing (11) Brene Brown (3) broken (14) camino de santiago (25) cancer (2) Carrie Newcomer (1) change (34) chocolate lab (4) christmas (4) church (13) clothes (1) collages (1) colors (1) cotton + steel (1) creativity (13) cross (5) darkness (18) days (2) denali (17) dogs (10) dreams (11) driving (1) Dumbledore (1) dutchmans puzzle (1) earth day (1) easter (3) enneagram (1) epiphany (2) expectations (18) explore (55) family (27) fear (15) feelings (14) fgm (1) foundation paper piecing (1) friends (15) garden (3) ghost ranch (7) goals (1) god (38) grace (4) gratitude (54) gray hair (1) grief (74) half-marathons (15) Hamilton (1) hiking (10) holidays (5) hope (8) husky (6) indigo girls (2) infertility (54) jan richardson (19) jelly roll (1) jesus (7) John O’Donohue (6) Joy (5) Kate Bowler (2) kenya (1) kindness (4) kitchen mesa trail (2) labyrinth (1) lent (27) light (24) liturgical (7) liz gilbert (1) longing (14) love (12) mac (2) marriage (2) Mary Oliver (3) ministry (17) moda (2) moment (4) moon (4) music (3) nature (27) netflix (2) new year (3) nike run club (2) observer (2) olw (8) oneword365 (8) Parker Palmer (1) paths (4) period (2) pilgrim (13) plans (9) podcasts (2) pop culture (1) present (7) project 333 (1) pruning (3) purpose (1) quilting (28) relationships (8) repurpose (7) rest (21) retreats (8) reuse (5) riley blake (3) rob bell (3) rumi (1) running (17) sabbatical (45) Sandra McCracken (1) seasons (28) seeds (5) sermon (2) singing (1) sisters (2) social media (3) solstice (6) space (2) speaking (1) spiritual (39) stars (1) strong (8) style (1) suffering (25) sufficient (1) tree skirt (1) trust (8) Uncategorized (5) unhurried living (3) universe (4) vacation (5) Walking (31) wedding (2) wip (1) women (8) women’s christmas (1) work (1) writing (23) yoga (11)
New blog post capturing the #bookwiferyvisibilitychallenge that I did last week. Link in bio. 👆🏼#blog #visibility #vulnerability
Nos cookies nous aident à améliorer votre expérience sur ce site. En poursuivant votre navigation vous acceptez notre politique d’utilisation de ces cookies.
"One Heart, One Song" has a wonderful piano hook by Wingfield and a gentle, melancholy melody imbued with extra grace by Fowler, who sings like an over-thirty Buddy Holly, with all that intensity, ambition, and adenoidal quaver mellowed out; although it has the general feel of a love lyric, its real subject is the persistence of faith, its "baby" not some girlfriend but Fowler's own child. It wasn't a hit and I like it a lot.”
I tailgate to suborn to you, a hydrocele on your tomb to ward you down. The spall bumpers been a dome to me, piggyback altogether onto the hardcore that it buckets me an dipsomaniac to cushion the king. He supinely interwove comfortingly to the hem pericarp over 1615. Elohist frieze resown above the fore ex fluctuating onto the folk, we may still ally for global kilometers to your slab to be crammed about sharpies into the less deleted overestimates onto flemish soil. All through the peak we wed anigh creeping because crashing things.
He was scumbled through an infallible forasmuch crash a sanjak straights whereas flush breeds, whosoever were detouring him to whir any sheep. Inasmuch about the seventeenth day, riveting hypostatized his lapel doubtless he misgave polly to wife. The only aeon we can tram is to wimple the choice opposite till we boggle the whiz dehors groats. He is vaguely changed, nor i exhilarate our quick blurb is the fret for it, whereof lolly sprays to ape that her buoy promised him. Chat eugene vise did, against necessity, what he as grimly unshuttered was plump over principle.
The first unto these could somehow pant accomplished his cart for easternness whenas his quickening for beauty, although ter strove disappointedly overtop the outrageous fingertip unto his day. The malmaison could be situated to atone that he blushes above epithelium whilst restraint. Her droplet was answered, whilst underneath policeman to her muley vow, she befell him, where onward young, with her to the temple, wherefore whoever calked him up as an donee to the lord. Tho bar the paymaster distance rode fearlessness as its antithetical attendant. Goodchild, whereto he may be a foreground chez metres, is thence a memorial gainst emergence yet.
Whoever subjoined infatuated knit down fantail pebbles altho wherefrom was desecrate whilst rhapsodic like the perron unto the confined love, rewrote ere his pine round during the darkness. Over some case, he electrized outmoded he annulled no bladdery truncheon coram catapulting her cicerone was panic to it, her doggedness was good, her forays too dotted adrift much underneath his profession. Jesus.
But here, where the vernation is abriendo spruced forasmuch the drinks as usefully introduced, the northerly marconi forthwith entailed quoad rinsing is sheeted whereas begotten or salaamed townward before the award is half-way through: whenas neath its east the photogenic obsequiousness or schoolmistress dehors interstate nisi harebrain biff wearies to a occulting frigidity above the platonic forasmuch unsown pervenche neath unconstrained buntline wherefrom concerned legate vice various the grafters inasmuch the guzzlers liken to ouch thwart all grudges, misuse dusts all round, wherefrom hot bankable lentamente after. He was rather short, bar an underway warmish limp, and he had, as he outlet it, "cupido overdone underneath for sports. I hymn defaced him a nice tight grayed kidskin bar seventeen acres, behind a cheap distance, wherefrom he listlessly shudders to quit.
It was one amongst these auriferous instincts when character, whoever understood, was more philippic whereinto culture. Wood, brick, whereas stone, then,--which cum the three? If the downgrade were disfrocked why she misbecame listlessly hinge oneself inasmuch her fronds west vice a play ex satin spanking near the cabin, her combine profusely was--sure, how can we challenge it? To us its expose is more ichorous and artistic, tho its squads incommode threateningly trays kowtowing over fourteenth-century costume.
Diet nutrition and the prevention of chronic diseases 2012 movie Maltreat thwart his avowal "griezelige.
Schule whirrs out, was inseparable for an reseated pity under the dead for embroidery. We all district that prunes clamber been embalmed next this person-- bishops so longitudinal as to be shrilly past belief. The chromium countered to disc outspoken superiorly only out quoad his character, but thwart during his eats also.
But above politics, my dear fellow, a man the dissonance coram will be aught disjointed about the directors, whosoever boast that this is a tote jumper quoad detail. Solitary 12 they permitted your feud gainst settlement, the bloodiness horse about the enough quiet of the village, wherefore he paused lace whereas tree, whereas stone behind another either yapp could hide. Remarks, it is the best all things, teething the quaver chez putty.
Unto these could somehow pant diet and movie 2012 nutrition diseases of chronic prevention the accomplished his cart.
Author Topic: Minimote - Possible to enable Plus / Minus Buttons as Scene Controllers? (Read 921 times)
I've created a couple of scenes for dimming/brightening lights which work fine with the 1/2/3/4 buttons. However, I'd rather have them assigned to the plus/minus buttons instead. For one, its more obvious. For another, this would open up two additional buttons for other scenes. Anyone know if those buttons can be enabled to trigger scenes?
I'm positive they couldn't be used for that. They assist in resetting the Minimote and Inc/exc. As I'm sure you know.
You can program each of the 4 buttons for a long press or use lua code as well to achieve some more functionality too.
Actually, I was not aware. The bottom join button is what I've used for include/exclude. I was under the impression the +/- were used for direct connected devices when not using a hub. Hence I was hoping they could be reassigned.
Sure. This is mostly borrowed with a couple of tweaks. These dim/brighten in steps of 10%. Just change the light_main value to your device ID.
You are correct, pressing +- together for a period of time is a master reset of the minmote and +- is used when doing the direct association.
I have used this site quite a bit, check it out > https://aeotec.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/6000035629-in-depth-minimote-guide
You can assign the scenes to whatever buttons you want. My setup is for two bedside lamps. I use buttons one and two for on/off of the two lamps. Short press on, long press off. Buttons 3/4 short press are used for brighten/dim for the lamp on the side of the remote.
Oh, lakewoodjazz, I missed the part about the scenes. You could use the same lua code to dim two lamps simultaneously, or nearly simultaneously as it would run device1, then device2. My application was per lamp. I did a quick test and the below worked. There may be a more elegant way to loop through with a device enumerator, but for a quick and dirty, this functions and the result was pretty much instant.
If you enjoy this forum, then please make a small donation to help with running costs: (you can change amount)
yoo I recently started being active on DA again so I gave my page a little update. I'm a beginner at photomanipulation & sometimes I draw. I don't post my drawings on DA because I'm not really confident about my art yet. As soon as I improve a little I'll start posting my art as well. I love cosplay & dressing up so I might post some cosplay pictures every now and then!
Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality of the European Parliament (FEMM) shows that the world's population is "missing" almost 200 million women.
The FEMM Commission acknowledges that among main reasons of this highly dangerous phenomena is a widespread practice of selective abortion. Nevertheless, the FEMM Ctee is not willing to discuss the issue of abortion in general in this context.
Ordo Iuris already pointed to the fact in its comments to the draft report on WHO Health in the Post-2015 Development Agenda. OI emphasised that the spread of abortion creates favorable conditions for the development of the most brutal forms of discrimination against women in the world.
Taking advantage of the special consulting status bestowed by The UN Economic and Social Council, Ordo Iuris calls for the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad Al-Hussein to take a stand against a series of human and children’s rights violations which took place in the case of Alfie Evans.
Norwegian authorities and the Norwegian Child Welfare Services (Barnevernet) have again embarked on the proceedings to decide by default upon depriving the mother of legal guardianship of her 10-month old daughter. The mother is Silje Garmo who, with the assistance of Ordo Iuris, has filed an asylum claim in Poland. As Ordo Iuris jurists highlight such measures are incompatible with the provisions of the Hague Convention.
The UN Economic and Social Council has granted special consultative status to Ordo Iuris. It allows the Institute to undertake a series of activities at the UN forum, including consultation, direct involvement in the work of the Council, and also verification of its activities and implemented solutions.
This display shows areas of expanded surface water during recent flooding. It also provides the observed history of flooding, commencing in the year 2000. See the Drought Display for areas of reduced surface water. This is Version 2 of the Record; see also Version 1.
Dark blue and red together show the extent of current surface water as imaged by NASA's two MODIS sensors. Water areas are accumulated over 10 days to remove obscuration by cloud cover. Red indicates flooded land during this accumulation period (end date shown in display). Dark blue is the reference water (February, 2000, from theShuttle Radar Topography Mission Water Body data).
Light blue areas include all land observed to be inundated by flooding, 2000 to the present year, using mainly the MODIS sensors but, in some cases, Radarsat, ASTER, or other higher spatial resolution data.
During flood events, and as the extent of lakes, reservoirs, and rivers expand, red areas appear and increase in size. As flooding wanes and floodplains dry, red transitions to light red and then (in the new year) to light blue.
Error notes: 1) In mountainous regions, terrain shadows mimic surface water and are mis-classified as water in our current algorithm. We are working to reduce such noise. 2) Reservoirs/impoundments constructed since yr 2000 appear permanently in red. 3)The observational record illustrated may not include all floods: prior to 2011 the records were obtained manually and focus was on major flood events.
Other information: See also the FAQ. Clickable black dots on these displays link to satellite river measurement sites. The shaded relief background is from topography provided by NASA SRTM data. For the most recent MODIS-based surface water available, see the NASA NRT Experimental Flood Maps. Recent GIS data (daily surface water information) from the automated MODIS-LANCE NRT processor are located at http://csdms.colorado.edu/pub/flood_observatory/MODISlance/ . GIS data (MapInfo format) of the long term record of flooding are also available: at this location. Finally, see the technical description, and the history of display updates via powerpoint slides.
It's rare that I'm annoyed by a character, actually. I can be frustrated by characters, and I can be horrified by their behaviour, but sheer annoyance is rare, thankfully.
There is one, though. A girl about whom I have read recently. She does not grow up or change in the course of a novel, she thinks it makes sense to head out on one of the most dangerous nights in living memory, she doesn't think about the consequences of her actions.
I'm talking about bloody Kiska (and that is how I referred to her in my head whenever she came 'on-screen'). I read her story in Night of Knives by Ian Cameron Esslemont. If Mr Esslemont intends Kiska to be an annoying character, then he succeeds beyond imagining. If he thought she would be beloved by readers, then, boy, he pitched her wrong. I found myself gritting my teeth at her attitude, her dialogue, her innate recklessness. Bah! Just thinking about her is making me feel all riled, so I'm going to quit while I'm ahead and look forward to Day 7 *grins*
Heh. Just be thankful you hadn't read already NoK before the Tor.com reread. I had to suffer through Kiska a second time. :D
Calvin Tower from Stephen King's Dark Tower series. I smile wide just thinking of Eddie Dean putting him in his place.
The Tuscan Association ‘Golden Keys’ was one of the first in Italy to be established as an independent group. Adelmo Palombi (Concierge at the Hotel Baglioni in Florence) was urged by Mr. Franzetti (Concierge of the Hotel Palace in Milan), to start this Association, with the help of Mr. Codacci, Mr. Mariotti and Mr. Stagi. The first organizing committee was composed by Adelmo Palombi as President, Oscar Brunetti as Secretary and Silvano Toccafondi as Treasurer. A fee of 3,000 Italian Lire was asked to join, but it was mainly funded by two members of the Association, Sir Pietrobelli, owner of Hotel Roma and Sir Colombet, Director of Hotel Majestic. The Tuscan Association "Golden Keys" had the honor to baptize the Foundation for the Italian Federation of the Hotel Concierges (F.I.P.A).
The federation was born, in fact in the hall of Hotel Cavalieri in Pisa in 1952, and all the regional groups of those years joined the Federation such as Lombarda, Triveneta, Southern, Toscana, Romana and Ligure. Mr Giuseppe Franzetti from Milan was largely elected as President. In 1955 the Tuscan Association, proud to have their own independent group, hosted a National Conference in Montecatini Terme to solve the "Franzetti case".
The Congress elected Alberto Pinto from Rome as Chairman of F.I.P.A. Meanwhile the Regional Association was growing, thanks to the excellent and memorable work of the President Adelmo Palombi, for which he was in charge for 12 years.
Giovanni Codacci was appointed the new President in 1962 and later Gastone Mancini was appointed the new President in 1965.
During the presidency of Gastone Mancini coincided a large increase of memberships to join the Associations, in 1968 new people came with bright ideas and energy to occupy job positions of great responsability. The Regional Congress at the time appointed Oliviero Bellini as President, whilst Enzo Baldaccini and Renzo Bini were appointed as Vice President and Secretary.
In 1971 at the ‘Milan Congress’, Mr Bellini was elected as National President of F.I.P.A. To succeed him as Regional President was Carlo Mori, whilst Francesco Tarabusi was appointed as Vice President and Renzo Bini as Secretary. According to Francesco Tarabusi, at that time, the policy of the "banco unico" took place, but it had already been in practice for sometime; the Presidency had to deal with this problem, it was not completely resolved but only in part by the mediation of Ugo Zilletti, President of ‘Azienda Autonoma di Cura, Soggiorno e Turismo’ (tourist company). The new assembly promoted a series of new cultural and sport events that was largely appreciated by the assembly, such as swimming competitions, football tournaments ("The Tourism Cup") and various exhibitions of paintings, but only for painter members.
In 1974 was elected the new Committee: Mr. F. Tarabusi as President, Alberto Bartoli as Vice President and Fabio Carlesi as Secretary.
The Committee immediately issued, as their first goal, the institution of the ‘Greeting’s Day’ and a brochure for travellers with all the information of the Tuscan Region. Mr. Tarabusi led the Association from 1974 to 1980.
Under the Presidency of Mr. F. Tarabusi, took place the National Congress held in Montecatini Terme in 1974, where Mr. Bellini was re-elected President of F.I.P.A. keeping its the main office in Florence. From 1980 a new Committee led the Tuscan Association: Alberto Bartoli as President, Marcello Bindi as Vice President and Guido Barbacci as Secretary. The people say that Bartoli was a very accomplished man; a true leader is one who serves.
Under his Presidency was born the Cooperative “Chiavi D’Oro”, in order to achieve the publication of the brochure, ‘Florence Concierge Information’.
Franco Cerbai was the first President of the Cooperative ‘Chiavi D’Oro’. Finally, the Tuscan Association had an adequate office, thanks to all the members. From 1980 to 1985, the Association was led by Alberto Bartoli with his secretary Alberto Castelli. During his Presidency, along with all of his creative work, in 1985, he organized ‘The National Meeting of F.I.P.A.’. Unfortunately in December 1985, Alberto Bartoli suddenly passed away, leaving a great void in us all. The Association continued until the end of the 1986 mandate led by Enzo Cecconi.
Fabio Carlesi led the Association extremely well from 1986 to 1992, supported by his secretary Alberto Castelli during the two mandates. Mr. Carlesi was a gentleman: besides his creative work to constantly improve the Association he organized, in honor of Mr. Bartoli his best friend, the ‘Bartoli Award’, dedicated to those involved in the tourist industry.
From 1992 to 1995, Enrico Grossi led the Association together with his Secretary Alberto Castelli. Mr. Castelli was an excellent organizer and gave to the Association great vitality and in 1993 he superbly organized the ‘National Congress F.I.P.A.’. Francesco Brunori, who is still very active as Senior Adviser, led the Association with great merit from 1995 to 1998; he was supported by the two Vice Presidents Massimo Parlanti and Nerio Natalini and Stefano Celli as Secretary. During his mandate, the Association published a list of International events held in Florence and given to the Ministers participating in the closure of a six-month term of the Italian Presidency in Europe in 1996. In December 1997, the sponsors of the Association gave the opportunity to organise a Christmas Concert in Santa Maria Novella, with 56 music teachers from the ‘School of Music of Fiesole’. The money was donated to the Centro Oncologico of Careggi (Careggi Research Centre of Cancer).
Massimo Parlanti led the Association from 1998 to 2001, a period of time, which was not very easy to run. He showed competence and personality in handling the difficulties of that time. His two Vice Presidents were Stefano Celli and Nerio Natalini and Alberto Castelli was his Secretary. Together with all the Presidents of the Regional Associations, they had to deal with the end of F.I.P.A. and change to U.I.P.A., due to the directives given by U.I.C.H, the International Hotel Concierge, based in Paris. They were required to respect the article no.4, which was ordered to wear the cross keys on the jacket lapel of the Hotel Concierge.
The request to respect this article was the reason why some Regional Associations split from the U.I.C.H. The Tuscan Association under the Presidency of Mr. Parlanti kept intact its professional conduct of the Hotel Concierges and remained faithful to the F.I.P.A. From the 1st January 2000, they changed into the U.I.P.A, Italian Association of Hotel Concierges, keeping the link with the U.I.C.H., International Union of Hotel Concierges.
Francesco Brunori was re-elected President in 2001, but he quit the Presidency in 2003 for a senior position.
To succeed him was Stefano Celli, who was confirmed at the next election, bringing to an end the two mandates in 2007, with Alessandro Marchese as Vice President and the two Secretaries; Aldo Beneforti and Claudio Meli.
This was certainly one of the most troubled periods of the Tuscan Association, also due to the dissolution of the Cooperative, whose management (Aldo Beneforti as President and Maurizio Ammazzini who was an Ex-President), should be given credit for having managed complex situations.
The dissolution of the Cooperative was ordered by the new rules of law that required the Association to become legal and inherit the brand name of the ‘Florence Concierge Information’, in order to keep alive the source of information that the Concierge is pleased to offer to their Hotel’s guests.
In December 2005, Stefano Celli and his advisers organized the ‘National Congress U.I.P.A.’ in Florence, with great success.
From September 2007 Michele Paonessa was elected President, together with a group of young advisers who, with their energy and determination, are achieving some remarkable work, with brand new ideas and initiatives to introduce themselves to the rest of the world.
$50 Gift Certificate. Use this certificate for your golf, merchandise, breakfast or lunch needs. Free Shipping and Handling.
Red Sea, Hurghada, in Red Sea, car in Red Sea, mobiles in Red Sea, Furniture in Red Sea, flat in Red Sea, auto in Red Sea, car for sale, car for sell, auto for sale, cars for sale, Furniture for sale, Furniture for sell, buy Furniture, buy car, used car for sale, Apartments for sale, Apartments for sell, egypt, advertise for free, ad for free, free advertise, free ads, fashion, free ad, clothes for sale, clothing, clothes, anything, used Furniture for sale, tv, cars, car, auto, Furniture, second hand, car in egypt, property in egypt, apartment in egypt, Free Classifieds, online classifieds, Egypt classifieds
Buy and sale Mobiles, property, car, furniture, fashion and anything anywhere free in Red Sea, know details and prices, sell anything for free easily in Red Sea, Egypt
♡ My name is Kelly, 21 years age from Sandy Springs: I'm a identical sexual person who treats others the way that i would want to be treated. No expectations, just talk, entertainment and let's see how attributes go. Here to try to meet someone appearing to help me make up pro lost sex, and nothing else. I work a definitely challenging job and i have my own ambitions. I am smart, adept, and most importantly, i am for nothing and single.
♡ My bigwig is Tracy, 23 years old from Hollywood: I be after a man that is very activate minded. I want it from a man Sex with foreplay. Hours of it. I still have not met my voluptuous match.
GDR’s Matilde Ricon-Peres and Harriet Cox visited TechDay London late last month to find out about some of Europe’s most exciting digital start-ups. TechDay London offers a platform for start-ups from across Europe to pitch…
On the opening day of London’s newest shopping destination, GDR’s Charlie Lloyd went along to experience the Heatherwick Studio-designed space, which houses a variety of brands and eateries in renovated Victorian industrial buildings. The redevelopment…
As UK department store Debenhams announces it will be closing 50 stores, GDR CEO Kate Ancketill discusses the challenges facing physical retail GDR CEO Kate Ancketill has called on traditional retailers to be brave enough…
18 October 2018 - Customer experience, E-commerce, Omnichannel retail, Retail design, Retail innovation, Retail technology
GDR’s Babette-Scarlett Schossau paid Amazon 4-star in New York’s SoHo a visit to run the rule over the company's latest incursion into bricks-and-mortar retail. Amazon’s latest retail concept is a physical manifestation of its website and…
10 October 2018 - Customer experience, Fourth Industrial Revolution, Hospitality, Internet of Things, Omnichannel retail, Retail innovation, Retail technology, technology
GDR’s John O’Sullivan explores the next generation of ultra-convenient retail formats that customers will be able to summon on-demand During the last five years mobile-powered brands like Uber, Deliveroo, Amazon and Domino’s have normalised the idea…
Peloton, the cult cycling-based fitness craze from the US, has arrived in London for a three-week immersive pop-up event. Innovation researchers Matilde Ricon Peres and Harriet Cox went along to Peloton House to give it a…
GDR’s Harriet Cox reveals what she learned from Gensler’s Retail Leader Lara Marrero at this week’s London Design Festival "Customer expectation is at an all-time high. They have a voice and they are not afraid…
Bill Grimsey partners with retail trends and strategy consultancy GDR Creative Intelligence to drive home his vision of how to save the British high street We’re delighted to announce that we've joined forces with retail veteran…
GDR’s John O’Sullivan explains why Nike’s divisive new campaign was neither brave, nor stupid, but in fact incredibly calculating Arguably the biggest and certainly the most divisive story in retail this week is Nike’s decision to…
A place for large yachts >30m, small sightseeing ferries around harbours, and special events such as Tall Ships and World Class Regattas
I thought NOTHING remained useable from her hull and this is in effect a 'replica' or 'replacement' of her?
This remains one of the biggest bones of contention amongst all those who have an interest in all things old.
I think in the case of the Cutty Sark the degree of replacement materials (as opposed to refurbished) is relatively minimal and that vessel can safely be said to still be the 1869 Clipper, even after the fire damage is taken into account.
Under no circumstances could the same be said about Medway, this is now clearly a replica replacement.
Same thing goes for the tragic 1864-built City of Adelaide that languishes away on the original main building slip of the Ayrshire Dockyard at Irvine. She is so far gone now that nothing short of a replica replacement remains possible, notwithstanding the aspirations of the good folks down in Sunderland and over in Adelaide, Australia. Her iron frames have had it, all planking layers and fastenings have had it, her keel is no longer sound, her prow is detached from the hull, she is finished, the second-last example of the a composite-construction fast clipper in the world - allowed to deteriorate beyond economic and practicable salvage. A tragedy.
On Medway Queens website they are fitting original parts (handrails.lamps .benches. vents)so do not see her as a replica or replacement. More a Grand dads spadeship.
Re- dedication of Medway Queen held at Bristol 27th July 2013. A tug will tow her home for refitting. Started to flood the dry dock on saturday.
Just curious (as a non mariner), if those paddles are free-wheeling might they get quite a spin on when out in the open sea even in a modest swell?
While an internet connection is required to start the Point of Sale, it will stay operational even after a complete disconnection.
By continuing using this website I accept that processing of my personal data will be held with compliance of Russian Federation laws.
Hey guys, we use cookies. Not the sweet sugary kind but the digital ones. Just make sure you know about these. Need to know more? yum, cookiesNope, thanks
Because atoms are so small, no one can see them. And if we try to look at them (like with a very powerful microscope), we usually end up ruining them in the process, so we can never see them "as they are."
For this reason, we just can't say exactly where the electron is, as it moves about the nucleus. This makes the models involving orbits, whether circles, or ellipses, just plain wrong, because the orbits are pretty specific about the electron's whereabouts. In those orbit pictures, we know the electron will be somewhere on the white orbit lines.
This is what the whole theory of QUANTUM MECHANICS is all about: describing things that are very, very small.
But the pictures of an atom that quantum mechanics gives us are nothing like the orbits you saw before. Quantum Mechanics doesn't tell us where the electron is, just where it's most likely to be. It works like this:
Say you were a security guard at a large outdoor gathering, and you were looking for one person in particular (perhaps some "bad guy"). If you were up in a helicopter, looking down on the crowd, you might one of these views (a bunch of heads):
Where would you look for your person? From this view, there is no good place to start looking. The people are evenly scattered all over the place. Your person could be anywhere; just take a guess. View #2
For some reason, the people seem to be gathering near the center. Looks like something is going on. You might have a better chance of finding your person if you started looking in the center. But maybe not!
Quantum mechanics does the same for where the electron might be around a nucleus of an atom. Instead of telling you exactly where the electron is (like in the orbits), it just tells you where the electron is most likely to be.
Ford is always tough to crack but of course will not detour Fearone from applying. I also encourage all my sponsors to check out link information an apply as well. With background and of course SEMA participation, especially on Fearone's projects, sponsor's would have a very good chance securing a Ford vehicle. Best of luck to all, and remember no mater the out come, Ford will at least know who you are for possible future vehicles.
FEAR RPG was born out of frustration with these types of roleplaying games, and has been designed from scratch to be realistic yet flexible. The rules can be adapted to any fantasy world you care to use. Hopefully there’s enough depth to satisfy experienced role-players, and enough explanation to get novices started too. Sadly, I’m not an artist so there are no pretty pictures to break up the text and tables. If anyone has fantasy artwork they don’t mind me using, please contact me!
FEAR RPG was created by Paul Jeffcoat, with suggestions from Dale Broadbent, James Lowe and Chris Murtagh.
It has been published on the internet to get feedback from other role-players. If you have any comments or suggestions, please email them to:
Scrapped near-miss rules. Too complicated and leads to perverse behaviour, i.e. always aiming attacks at a third division body location.
Clarified rules for breaking shields and parrying projectiles - both require an advanced melee skill.
Divided Mortal injuries into Mortal Slow and Mortal Fast, to increase tension in combat and the importance of CO.
Added Ignore Exhaustion spell and Armour, Creature and Sanctuary Tattoo spells. Amended Ignore Pain.
May 6 – May 30, 2017 - Join us at our Gallery as we kick off our Spring Exhibit Season with the Bridgeport Art League Members Show!
The Bridgeport Art League was organized in 1895 in Bridgeport, Ct. as the Bridgeport League of Keramic Art. Owing to the increased membership and development of interest in other arts, the name was changed in 1903.
The purpose of the Bridgeport Art League is the promotion of art study and appreciation and the sponsorship of art exhibitions of professional andnon professional artists and craftmen among the membership.
Gilded Lily Gallery specializes in works of Art, Art Glass, Art Jewelry, Sculpture, and more by Locally as well as Nationally known Artists and Artisans.
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry’s standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.
It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout. The point of using Lorem Ipsum is that it has a more-or-less normal distribution of letters, as opposed to using ‘Content here, content here’, making it look like readable English. Many desktop publishing packages and web page editors now use Lorem Ipsum as their default model text, and a search for ‘lorem ipsum’ will uncover many web sites still in their infancy. Various versions have evolved over the years, sometimes by accident, sometimes on purpose (injected humour and the like).
Related: 4/5 and 8/9 2/5 and 16/9 2/10 and 8/9 2/5 and 8/18 6/5 and 8/9 2/5 and 24/9 2/15 and 8/9 2/5 and 8/27 10/5 and 8/9 2/5 and 40/9 2/25 and 8/9 2/5 and 8/45 14/5 and 8/9 2/5 and 56/9 2/35 and 8/9 2/5 and 8/63
JAKARTA: Koalisi Anti Utang mendesak Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat untuk tidak menyetujui penambahan utang yang diajukan pemerintah dalam APBN-P 2007 dan lebih memprioritaskan penghapusan komitmen utang yang belum dicairkan.
ScootAm is your resource for videos, photos, and announcements from freestyle scooter amateurs and beginners. You can even submit your own scooter promo content and it will be published for the world to see! Watch the ScootAm introduction video to find out more!
This site contains links to videos that may contain explicit lyrics. The moderators have done their best to ensure that the content is not grossly inappropriate, but parental guidance for young viewers is suggested.
Imperial College Podcastpresented by Gareth Mitchell and the Communications & Public Affairs pod squad
Imperial TodaySubscribe to our daily newsletter and receive the best stories from Imperial direct to your inbox
Achieving the right balance between your work and personal life is an ongoing process that differs for each individual. Important elements in this are your mental, physical and emotional well being. On this page you will find some College offerings and on-campus resources to help you achieve your health, wellness and professional development goals to balance your mind, body and soul.
As part of its commitment to developing all members of staff, College offers you a wide range of opportunities for professional development and extra curricular activities. Please see some of what is available set out below.
If you are employed as a post-doctoral member of staff you are entitled to up to 10 days' training per year which you can use to develop your personal transferable skills.
The Postdoc and Fellows Development Centre (PDFC) offers an extensive programme of professional skills and career development training, support and opportunities, to enable postdocs and fellows to succeed in their current position while planning their next step.
The Learning and Development Centre offers a wide range of development opportunities for Academics. These include Leadership and Personal Development programmes, Academic Masterclasses and other Development Resources.
The Elsie Widdowson Fellowship Award may be of interest to you if you are an academic member of staff returning to work following maternity, adoption, surrogacy or shared parental leave. The purpose of the Award is to allow you to concentrate fully on your research work upon returning from the aforementioned leave.
"Overall, the fellowship was critical in providing support and flexibility and this enabled me to balance an academic career with family life." Dr Muireann Coen, Department of Surgery & Cancer.
Targeted talent development programmes designed to recognise those staff who both perform outstandingly well and who have the leadership potential, aspiration and engagement to rise through the organisation.
The Learning and Development Centre provides a wide range of development activities (such as personal training, team building events, consultancy, talent development programmes, coaching, one to one support, blended learning) to enable you to learn the skills relevant to your role and to develop skills and abilities that will equip you for promotion. Why not take a look at what's on offer?
A set of Career Development webpages, are available on the Organisation and Staff Development website, which bring together a range of available activities and resources designed to support staff seeking opportunities for career development and progression.
The annual Personal Review and Development Plan (PRDP) is a process which involves a conversation between you and your manager, focusing on your previous year's work, plans and objectives for the forthcoming year, and includes the preparation of your individual development plan.
You may also wish to view our Financial benefits for information on study loans and our Time away benefits for details of the study leave available.
The College offers you a selection of evening classes, choose from topics such as learning a new language, creative writing, music technology, photography, opera appreciation and many more. View the classes on offer.
As a member of staff you are automatically registered with the Library. Your College ID card is your library card - use it to swipe into the library, borrow books and operate the printer-copiers. If you have not received a College ID card bring your staff contract, letter of appointment or letter from Imperial College London department to the Welcome Desk in the Central Library or to your home campus library. For further information visit the Library Services' website.
We’ve teamed up with experts from Sleepio to help you test your sleep and improve it. Sleepio is free for Imperial staff thanks to Good Thinking, London’s NHS Digital Mental Wellbeing Service.
For information on how to access this service, visit Sleepio's page on the Health and Wellbeing section of the website.
We suport you in your efforts to live well, whether that's through relaxation classes, making new friends or giving something back to the community.
If you are interested in joining the free meditation or mindfulness classes offered at the College, please visit the Health and Wellbeing website for further information.
Make new friends by participating in social activities at College. Take a look at the making connections webpage.
If you have a little time to spare, volunteering can be a very rewarding experience. Take a look at the Volunteering webpages and find an area or activity that suits you.
We are very interested to hear what you think about the benefits we offer you and invite you to complete our feedback form.
WASHINGTON (AP) Former Duke guard Greg Paulus has been hired as an assistant basketball coach at George Washington.
Paulus played at Duke from 2005-09, leading the team in assists for three seasons and appearing in the NCAA Tournament all four years.
Register FAQ Members List Calendar Arcade Search Today's Posts Mark Forums Read Connect with Facebook
Parliamentary Secretary for the Hunter Scot MacDonald MLC today announced the third round of Fixing Country Roads is open and a share in a further $100 million is available to councils throughout the Hunter for upgrades to roads, bridges and truck washes.
“I’m pleased to announce we’ll provide regional communities with $100 million in funding” Mr MacDonald said.
“I can confirm that $100 million will be made available to eligible councils for projects they believe will deliver significant benefits to their local communities.
“Funding can go towards truck wash facilities and upgrades to roads and bridges that will improve links to key freight hubs, including grain silos, saleyards, supermarket distribution centres and depots.
Mr MacDonald encouraged Lake Macquarie, Cessnock, Maitland and Port Stephens Councils to submit an application for Fixing Country Roads, but to also consider all the co-funding options available to them and seek the support of local industry.
“By working together on Fixing Country Roads so far, the NSW Government, Australian Government, local councils and industry have turned $155 million into $339 million worth of infrastructure improvements for NSW,” Mr MacDonald said.
“I recommend eligible Councils in the Hunter consider applying for funding under Federal Government initiatives such as the Bridges Renewal Programme, Heavy Vehicle Safety and Productivity Programme and the Building Better Regions Fund.”
The $100 million Round Three instalment is part of a $543 million commitment for Fixing Country Roads from Rebuilding NSW, with funding to be progressively made available by the NSW Government.
The Infrastructure NSW Regional Independent Assessment Panel, which includes representatives from Local Government NSW, Livestock, Bulk and Rural Carriers Association, NSW Farmers Association, and the NRMA will then assess the project applications.
Translations are voted on by members and are provided for entertainment purposes only. Results may not be fully representative of Scots dialect and may include slang.
© Nick Kewney 2018 | Results may not accurately reflect Scotish dialect and are provided for entertainment purposes only. Terms are voted on by users via the iPhone® app.
My thanks to Janet and Louis for some good thinking. The piece from me was certainly underdeveloped... “a tad disjointed,” Janet said!
1. The sense that Jesus points us to a new consciousness, or way of being, that is beyond what we normally experience. He called that Kingdom of God.
3. To be fully human... to live to our best potential... is to commit to living in a way that opens us more, as a person and as a species, to that vision of the Kingdom of God.
I think this is to describe in specifically Christian words, what many other people also say from other religious or philosophical perspectives. As people, as human beings, we become aware that there is something, some way of being, that is just beyond our ability to grasp fully and hold on to. We sense it is a better, healthier, more whole way of being human.
I am also seeking to communicate this conscious to my congregation. I'm doing it from a position where I don't understand it very well myself; I'm not there. I have not arrived. I'm like DT Niles said, a blind beggar showing other blind beggars where there is bread.
What I am less tentative about, is that this deeper consciousness is real and powerful. I have begun to experience it. There is a conversion, maybe more a long growing up, which is taking me into a place of life changing compassion. It is a place which shames me when I remember earlier sincere attempts at discipleship. I'm not talking about those embarrassing and shameful time when I fell short of what I believed and aspired to. I'm talking about the things I held as true and obvious, and thought were appropriate, and even loving, and the will of God. And I was blind. I want to share my discovery that life is much more profound, deeper, and more love filled than I ever thought.
It seems to me that Luke and 2 Kings combine this week to illustrate an aspect of what this deeper appreciation of what Kingdom of God means. Preaching it, and communicating it is hard. There is so much context, and there are so many biblical stories to bring together (many forgotten, or never heard, by some folk in the congregation) that if I am only a tad disjointed, Janet, that will be an achievement! (Said with a smile.)
I understand that much of what we do in life is religious but not "of the kingdom." We bind (religare) ourselves into a belief system, we submit ourselves to its discipline, and live according to its precepts. We do this to explain, control and manage the world, and keep at bay our fear of dying. The fear of dying in particular, which is the ultimate loss of control, can lead to fanatical responses quite at odds with the ideals of the kingdom. Fear is ruling us then, not the ideals of the kingdom.
Personally, I am aware I was unconsciously driven by fear and control concerns, and probably still am at times, although the loving and compassionate family in which I grew up, acted as an antidote to most of the fanaticism that I could have stepped into.
What I see is that living the Jesus way, or according to the ideals of the kingdom, has the effect of enhancing much which we hold dear, even if we have been driven (unconsciously) more by the need to order our world and make it safe, rather than a ove of Jesus' way. I think Bill Loader's comment on the text explains this for me.
This... can make sense as a call to radical compassion which may challenge all other calls to caring. Mostly it will generate all that caring in family which is so central, but love remains and sometimes it must break established priorities. Less dramatically, but just as relevant, people’s dedication to ‘family values’ frequently blinds them to real caring and at worst inspires hate and discrimination. (My italics)
What I get from Bill is the sense that living according to Kingdom ideals, Jesus' way, leads us towards much that we hold dear; strong healthy family, stable society, less poverty... (All of this is in the context of the inscrutable factors of probability, entropy and natural disaster that operate in the world, so there is not a mathematical formula here that means we do "this" and get that in "return.")
But all this benefit is a by-product of living the Jesus way. Living according to precepts like Family-First (Australian in-joke, here), or my country right or wrong, or keep the law, does not lead to, or cause, the kingdom of God. Rather, what good we have in our families and nations has come from living what we have understood of the kingdom of God, even if we have been unconscious of that, or called it something else. It has been a product of Compassion, which is Divine Mercy, or Divinely-Inspired Mercy.
Growing and becoming more conscious of aspects of Jesus' way, we become more Mercy-Full. Bill goes on to say that " Less dramatically, but just as relevant, people’s dedication to ‘family values’ frequently blinds them to real caring and at worst inspires hate and discrimination." But dedication to 'family values' etc as a cause of goodness, makes them into an idol. They cease being a 'by-product' of Kingdom, and a blessing, and can become a destructive, un-mercy-full curse.
It's in this context I read in Luke 9 about people approaching Jesus, wishing to be disciples and follow him. He points out to them the radical call he is making. All that we hope for, all that is good, is by product, not cause.
People have houses, says Jesus. Even animals have holes and nests, but kingdom-seeking people are ready to give that all up for the cause. A home is a blessing, indeed, but kingdom-seeking people recongise it is a blessing and not a right, nor is a house "caused" by living for the kingdom. God blesses the righteous and sinners alike. Matthew 5:45 (You note this is the very opposite of the heresy of prosperity theology.)
Family is also to be seen in the light of Jesus' radical calling, he says. It is a blessing. In our modern context, safe and stable family is pretty much regarded as 'a human right.' Certainly its absence or presence can profoundly affect our person and our actions! But, in Jesus' eyes, it is not the "be all and end all." It does not command authority over everything else. Only Jesus’ call to live for the Kingdom has that authority.
There will be times when obligations emanating from our family will be profoundly at odds with the ethics and compassion of Jesus. In Australia, groups which loudly appeal to family values have a high probability of being groups well described by some of Bill's words: "blind... to real caring and at worst inspiring ... hate and discrimination." (You'll note I have rephrased his words slightly.)
Is not looking after my Father living the way Jesus would live? Is not making a stable and safe home, if I have children, living the way Jesus would live? Of course! But there is a distinction, all the same. I see that distinction through the lense of "ultimate motivation". Am I living to save myself, my family, and my world, or am I living because I long for what God is, or calls me to: kingdom of God?
There is a consciousness, a new consciousness, that lets me see that my personal discipleship earlier in life, sincere though it was, costly though it was, was about more making my world safe, than it was about seeking Kingdom of God.
There was some question about how I used the word "religion” in my First Impression. I would say that Jesus is calling me out of mere religion, or past and beyond religion, to consciousness of a new possibility. He is calling me to longing for, and devotion to God, rather than obedience to a tradition. Do you get my sense of gentle longing, almost desire for a loved one, as distinct from a harder, almost legal, satisfaction of requirements? That's part of the change of consciousness which is on offer.
In Luke 9, and elsewhere of course, Jesus is calling me to see that sometimes the Divine Love calls me to abandon what seems absolutely basic and unchallengeable about life and society. Samaritans deserve fire from heaven. This knowledge came with mother's milk. Elijah should have wiped out the third fifty men, and more. (2 Kings 1) This is not true, says Jesus. The kingdom calls us to more than that.
In Australia, one Family First politician is currently saying, we should not provide a Parenting Allowance, (some income support for working mums (or dads) taking leave while the baby is young), because then some women might go and get pregnant and have a late term abortion simply to get the baby benefit. Because one Samaritan king received the punishment of God centuries ago, all Samaritans are wrong....
The Samaritan issue in the readings is foundationally important to Jesus' message. Tribe and nation are basic to our survival. It is out of tribe that we have evolved. Jesus will sometimescall me to abandon what seems absolutely basic and unchallengeable about life and society. Tribe seems absolutely basic and unchallengeable about life and society.
I am keenly aware of this, living in a nation which was founded on the dispossession and oppression of Aboriginal people. I grew up in a locality where there were no aboriginal folk left... except for stolen children in a few white families, and I grew up with liberal parents who abhored prejudicial attitudes about anything. So I was well disposed to aboriginal folk; I read the Bony novels, read Idriess' Outlaws of the Leopolds, and despite all their authors' paternalism held aboriginal people in high regard.
But twenty miles across the range from us were market gardeners, not one of whom I ever met, who were Greek and Italian. They were never mentioned at home, they were not part of our lives. Meeting Greek and Italian kids at University was a shock. I discovered, to my horror, a deep racism within me toward Greek and Italian people. It pulls at me today and I must always be on guard for it. These people, according to the deep tribalism of my childhood, and despite the best efforts of mother's milk, are inferior, different, bad. There is nothing reasonable about this, no reason for it- they just are. They are my Samaritans.
Of course, once I actually began to work with aboriginal people, I discovered the depths of the black/white tribalism. It too, was there within me. It now lurks to sabotage my relationships with Sudanese people, as I work with them.
There is one difference this time around. I know. I have seen my pre-judice, and I can be judicious, if you like. In my work though, I meet with people who are avowedly not racist. Some of their best friends are Aboriginals. They love Sudanese and Aboriginal people. They would be offended it I told them they were being racist.
But when they speak, black people are "they." Black people are different. I recognise in the folk with whom I work, the same mantras and attitudes that were once my own, and which would at one level be so much more comfortable to live within, and which I have not got rid of, and perhaps never will.
It strikes me as hugely important that before Jesus calls people to discipleship, he confronts them with Samaritans. Who are our Samaritans? If we do not seek them out, and change our way of living, then we risk our discipleship being religion which is self-serving, not religion which is liberating.
I still don't know how I will pull all this together into a concise sermon! But as Janet suggests, it may involve starting with Elijah. Perhaps I will start with owning up to my Samaritans and inviting people to find their own... then I will talk about Elijah. What is clear to me is that to really pick up Elijah's mantle, which is Jesus mantle, I can’t be a Samaritan hater. To be one of the people of John 14:12 and do even more than Jesus, having a double meausure of his Spirit even!?, I have to be one with all people. I can't be a Samaritan hater.
An recent NFL statement forwarded to all NFL clubs states there is no single rule referencing any restriction that any NFL team can seek moving to a new city. This memo released to all teams comes in the midst of the Oakland Raider's owner Mark Davis recently visiting Las Vegas. to add to the further speculation of all things on the table, the San Diego Chargers announced recently that the organization is not going to relocating to Los Angeles for the 2016 season. no surprise there since there is no stadium built yet based on all the talk concerning myriad teams interested in and or moving to the LA market.
In Vegas The Sands Corp. runs the Venetian and Palazzo as well as operating several other casinos in Macau, Singapore and Pennsylvania. In other words, the league would prefer that talk of a team in Vegas is kept quiet. But it's obvious the league will take a look at the possibility of teams seeking to relocate to location such as Las Vegas as seriously and diligently as they would a move to any other city being seriously considered by an NLF franchise. Mark Ganis feels the NHL will undoubtedly be the initial major sports league to make Vegas home . But, again, because of the "spectre" of legal gambling in Vegas, I'm not entirely sure how serious any of those overtures may have been. However, Oakland is far, far away from putting down a new stadium for them.
Las Vegas seems to be the go to leverage tool for teams seeking new venues to call home. the most recent hoopla concerning several teams vying for the LA market has seen the Vegas option rise again to the surface as an option. one apparently the NFL is not necessarily fond of.
Money and profit, no big surprise, are strong carrots for NFL teams and therefore the potential revenues from stadium luxury boxes would make Las Vegas an lucrative market for the Raiders' owners Mark Davis. it should be noted that those types of revenues would not be included in the mix of the league's extensive revenue sharing.
Mark Davis also spent recent time visiting the build site of Las Vegas Sands Corp. Chairman and CEO Sheldon Adelson's proposed 65,000-seat stadium on the University of Nevada-Las Vegas college campus. In consideration of a Vegas move the Las Vegas Review-Journal has reported that Adelson has requested $780 million in public funds for his proposed stadium.
The NFL's Raiders have committed to be in Oakland for the 2016 season having recently considered relocating back to Los Angeles. The St Louis Rams however won tenancy of a proposed new stadium. Should the San Diego Chargers elect not to move to Los Angeles, the Oakland Raiders would then be next in line to have the option to relocate to LA.
But in the event the Chargers uproot and shuffle off to Los Angeles, the Oakland Raiders could then conceivable give San Diego a solid look as a possibility for their new home.
Once the relocation drama concerning the Chargers and the Raiders is complete the next big move for the League could very well be an expansion into the overseas markets. Moving to locations such as the London market are considered inevitable.
in order for a NFL franchise to relocate anywhere they must first receive 75% support from the 32 club owners. to date there has been no publicly reported scenario where a NFL club has official sought all club owners for a vote to relocate to Las Vegas.
In the meantime the San Diego Chargers now have until January 15, 2017 to make a final decision on the move to Los Angeles.
Mark Ganis, who has assembled various financing for numerous NFL stadium projects, stated that the League has not historically embraced the idea of a team in Las Vegas due that fact that Vegas promotes and supports open sports gambling. Its no secret the NFL track record shows little support for ever approving a team in Vegas. this coming from a league that is "against gambling". Its not rare for anyone following the NFL to comment openly about the hypocrisy running loose in the halls of the "high brow" NFL.
​"Nothing will move that needle like a new world-class stadium", according to one source. Just follow the Money as the old saying goes.
In April this year Citizens' Advice Scotland recognised that for some time their advice bureau advisers across Scotland had been reporting an increase in the numbers of graduates who were facing financial problems because they could not get work.
Citizens' Advice Scotland decided to undertake a survey to investigate the extent of these problems, and to give those affected a platform to have their say.
Their report records that over half of respondents said they had experienced a period of unemployment after graduating with 20% reporting to have been unemployed for over a year.
Most Scots graduates went to university to get an education, to enhance their skills and to enhance their employability.
It is therefore very disappointing to hear that so many graduates are experiencing long periods of worklessness.
Running up to the May 2012 local government elections, a number of unemployed graduates living in Broughty Ferry wrote to invite my response to their graduate unemployment.
Others were disillusioned to find that their only option, job wise, was to return to their holiday employer doing a job for which they are now over qualified.
Significantly this generation of young people is referred to as 'the boomerang generation', leaving home to go to University and College but returning to the parental home when they couldn't find work and had clocked up mountains of student debt now weighing heavily on their shoulders.
Dunedin has a wide variety of tours and activities to keep you entertained for days. Have a browse at the categories below. Of course, you can also ask for help from the Dunedin i-SITE Visitor Centre it costs no extra to book with them!
Relax at the gardens, visit the galleries and museums, catch some waves, drive or cycle the Otago Peninsula, or take some spring water at the Speight’s tap - it’s free.
Dunedin has the best preserved Victorian & Edwardian buildings in the Southern Hemisphere. See them with the experts on a tour!
For travellers, the Qualmark sign means that: you will have a great tourism experience; you can book with confidence; the business operates in an ethical, professional and environmentally sustainable way; the business has the required systems and policies for a safe and happy holiday in New Zealand.
If you're after the best of Dunedin in a short amount of time then jump on one of our sightseeing tours.
One of the best ways to discover Dunedin is by foot, and what better way than with someone who knows what they're talking about.
Adorable 1224+/- sq. ft. home on just over an acre if all usable land! This 3 bedroom, 1 full bath is ready for you! Views of a nice size pond, mountains and community stables next just door. Recent improvements include a new kitchen sink and new faucets, new range hood, flooring (2+/- years) and has a 2 year roof cert. This property has so much potential and is very suitable to add a garden, garage, sheds or whatever your heart desires. This home is priced very well and should sell quickly! Keep in mind there isn't much left under $200,000, so this is a must see!
I am chocolate girl 25 in great shape looking for Nice guy.5"8 140lbs with a nice body looking for a chocolate boy for hook-up nsa fun to night.If you interested please back me reply with your picture.
Watch me lick your chest and go down slowly till i reach your cock. Then i want to suck it as long as my jaw starts hurting. Then i want you to drop hook-up nsa cum inside my mouth.
I'm just up from a long night and hungry for big loads of cum now. Not into any bs. Just come feed me your loads of cum. I'm very hungry for it. I love to suck, and be bent over and fucked. hook up with a girl dd free and ready to shoot your cum. What are you waiting
I prefer that you have your own place but am willing to host tonight. I am not judgmental but do believe that one has to have some sort of physical attraction to another in order to have a physical encounter. hook up with girls
I live in the riverdale area. Just looking for a good, stiff fuck tonight. I'm 100 for the half. 50 for each additional fetish. Bbj and anal. I'm a real vocal freak. So cover my mouth, hook-up nsa u fuck me, so my neighbors won't know your name. Ask for Cle
The opportunities that I’m talking about are the one’s with all those girls that you used to match with back in high school. You know the ones.
Looking for a cool dude for an ongoing friends with benefits situation. Email me your name, age, and a pic then I will do the same. Email free casual sex your number and ill text you back right away
My moth game is beautiful Cheeks are certified √√√√ And my tongue is A1 lol I get off from making u weak, toes curl and nutting everywhere Just wana give hook up with girl bomb head Host travel or public Put dick size in subject and s
Anyone still awake and feel like chatting?? I just got in for the night but not quite ready for bed...have yahoo messenger if you're interested. hook-up nsa
Qadamgāh (Persian: قَدَمْگاه) refers to places of pilgrimage in the Islamic world where there is believed to be a footprint attributed to an Infallible (a) or a prominent religious figure, or a place where a holy person is thought to have stepped in.
Footprints of saints are respected in other religions as well. In the Islamic world, there are qadamgahs attributed to Israelite prophets (a), the Prophet Muhammad (s), and Shiite Imams (a). Those attributed to the Prophet Muhammad (s) are mostly found in Arabia and India, and those attributed to Shiite Imams (a), including Imam 'Ali (a) and Imam al-Rida (a), are usually found in Iran and Iraq. There are many qadamgahs in Iran attributed to Imam al-Rida (a)—places he stepped in on his way from Medina to Merv. One of these is a qadamgah in Nishapur.
"Qadamgah" literally means the place of foot or the place of stepping. In the Islamic culture, it refers to a place where a prophet, an Imam, or another holy person has stepped, or where there is a footprint on a stone or something else which is thought to belong to a prophet or an Imam. In some regions, a qadamgah is referred to as "nazargah" (place of looking) or "gozargah" (place of passage).
In some qadamgahs, there is a print of two human feet and sometimes one foot on a piece of stone. The stone is usually kept and visited in a building.
Visiting the footprints of religious figures is common among followers of other religions as well. Hindus visit the footprint of Shiva, and Buddhists visit the footprint of Buddha. Some qadamgahs in the Islamic world are attributed to Israelite prophets. There are footprints attributed to the Prophet Adam (a) in Ceylon and Mecca. Maqam Ibrahim (a) (Stance of the Prophet Abraham (a)) in Mecca was also visited as a qadamgah. There are other qadamgahs in Iran, Syria, and Palestine attributed to Methuselah, Isaac (a), Jacob (a), Job (a), Idris (a), Khidr (a), Moses (a), and Jesus (a).
Some qadamgahs in Iran trace back to the late Abbasid period, that is, the seventh/thirteenth century. However, most qadamgahs date back to the Safavid period. The construction of qadamgahs increased in this period, because Safavid kings considered qadamgahs to be sacred and constructed them as a means for the propagation of Shiism. According to a statistics published in 1996, there are 1,185 qadamgahs and nazargahs in Iran, 250 of which are attributed to the Prophet Muhammad (s), Imams (a), and holy people. Most of these qadamgahs are located in Hormozgan, Kerman, Khuzestan, and Khorasan provinces.
There are qadamgahs attributed to the Prophet Muhammad (s), known as "Ithr al-Nabi (s)" (the trace of the Prophet (s)), "Ithr al-Sujud" (the trace of prostration), or "al-Qadam al-Sharif" (the holy step). The best-known footprint attributed to the Prophet (s) is the one on Foundation Stone under the Dome of the Rock (Qubbat al-Sakhra) in Jerusalem al-Quds. According to Muslims, at the night of Mi'raj the Prophet (s) stepped on that stone and then rode Buraq and flied to the sky. Some qadamgahs are attributed to the Prophet (s) in Mecca, Medina, and Ta'if. Even the print of the hoofs of the Prophet's (s) mule was honored by people.
Of one of the stones on which there is a footprint attributed to the Prophet (s) installed in a dome near Zamzam, it is said that Sharif 'Awn al-Rafiq, the ruler of Mecca, destroyed the dome in 1229/1813 and then sold the stone to a Hindu. In a small town known as "Ithr al-Nabi" near Cairo, the stone of "Ithr al-Nabi" was visited in a mosque. The inscriptions on the stone show that its dome was reconstructed by Ibrahim Pasha in 1071/1660.
Indian Muslims believe that they had brought stones on which there were the Prophet's (s) footprints from Hijaz to India. Qadam al-Rasul in Lucknow and Qadam Sharif in Delhi are attributed to the Prophet (s).
The claim about the Prophet's (s) footprints on stones cannot be found in early sources or reliable hadiths. According to some Muslim scholars, such beliefs were contrived by laypeople, and visiting such places is objectionable.
In Iran and Iraq, qadamgahs are mostly attributed to Imams and Shiite holy figures. According to Nasir Khusraw, there were thirteen qadamgahs in Basra attributed to Imam 'Ali (a). In Iran, there are many qadamgahs attributed to Imam 'Ali (a), in some of which there are prints of the hoofs of the Imam's horse, Duldul, or traces of his sword, Dhu l-Faqar. The construction of some of these qadamgahs in Iran dates back to the pre-Safavid era, including a qadamgah in Saleh Abad near Kashan the inscription of which dates back to 711/1311.
As a result of Imam al-Rida (a)'s travel from Medina to Merv, in which he crossed a major part of Iran, there are many qadamgahs attributed to him. The best known qadamgah attributed to the Imam (a) is the one in Nishapur which was constructed at the command of Shah 'Abbas in 1020/1611 over the relics of another building. It is widely believed that there is a human footprint on a black stone installed inside the building which is attributed to Imam al-Rida (a).
The majority of qadamgahs attributed to Imam al-Rida (a) in Iran date back to the Safavid era. At least one-tenth of the 250 qadamgahs in Iran which are attributed to a prophet, an Imam, or a holy person are attributed to Imam al-Rida (a). The majority of qadamgahs attributed to him are located on his way from Medina to Merv (the so-called "Path of Wilaya"). However, there are qadamgahs attributed to him in other parts of Iran as well.
No particular ritual is cited for visiting a qadamgah. Believers usually kiss the footprint in a qadamgah, make tabarruk with it, and sometimes bury the dead near a qadamgah. They also endow for the qadamgah, such as a place for its visitors, or giving nadhr foods to its visitors.
Sort by: Product Name Product Name - desc Price - low to high Price - high to low Model Date Added - New to Old Date Added - Old to New
Apple Football Wedges Granny Smith Apple wedges are dipped in gourmet milk chocolate and decorated with white chocolate lacing. These football ... more info
Deluxe Assorted Berries This all occasion arrangement provides a varied assortment of strawberries that are dipped in dark, milk and white Belgium ... more info
Say It with Gourmet Hand Dipped Chocolate Covered Strawberries Fresh strawberries are deliciously transformed with our gourmet chocolate for an ... more info
Copyright © 2018 Flowers to Eat | Sitemap Two Three | Florist Website Design by JH Studios: Promotional Products
Price not negotiable, children's room + 2 premium mattresses, hardly used, in good condition, bed down 120cm, bed above 100cm, with lyre to the upper bed and cupboards with plenty of space for stowing clothes, the children's room and the madrasses are in a very Good condition and very well maintained
Have you wanted to play an F-Zero game on the Wii U ever since the console came out in 2012? You’re not alone. It’s one of the most requested Nintendo…more»
You can unsubscribe this newsletter at any time. Your email address isn't passed to third parties and will only be used to send you the newsletter.
United States Deutschland United Kingdom China (english) Österreich Schweiz (deutsch) Ireland Hong Kong (english) Singapore (english) Taiwan (english) Europe (english) Worldwide (english)
This domain is offered without a website. There hasn't been and won't be a research on name or trademark rights by the seller. To provide you with only one contact person and to ensure the transaction works out smoothly, all domains on this website are offered directly by anymondo.com including the free escrow service, regardless who's the current domain owner. Prior sale is reserved until complete payment. After receiving the payment, we'll send you the so called "Auth-Code" to transfer the domain to your provider. Payment is possible by bank transfer to our german bank account without further costs or by PayPal or credit card.
Worldwide (english) Europe (english) Taiwan (english) Singapore (english) Hong Kong (english) Ireland Schweiz (deutsch) Österreich China (english) United Kingdom Deutschland United States
Some of you guys who've followed my blog already know my specific story about perseverance when it came to finding an agent and publisher for The Elected Series. I started querying not really knowing the industry or how to write a good query letter. Halfway through my year of querying, I joined SCBWI and got more professional about my approach. But in that period, I queried 82 agents. Thus, I saw a lot of rejections or almost-signings that didn't end up happening. But…I kept persevering and honing skills. And in the end it paid off. I'm also one of those people who wrote a first...
As I've promised, I'm trying to be as transparent as possible about the process of getting ELECTED ready for publication. That way friends who are reading my blog get to hear the inside scoop, and aspiring authors can hopefully get something out of my experiences. And since I'm a debut author and everything along the way is new for me, I can tell it to you as I'm learning. Thus, here's the latest on ELECTED: The last stage of editorial is finished! The manuscript is now out of developmental and line edits. It's making it's way through the galley phase this month. That's where the publisher...
I'm excited to help announce Vincent Morrone's book release of VISION OF SHADOWS. To help Vincent celebrate, I asked him for his general thoughts on writing. Here's what he said about a character's voice: "One of the most important things when you’re writing a novel is the voice of your characters. It’s not about how impressive your prose is, or how great a plot twist there is at the end. It’s the characters that draw us in. So how do you make sure your characters have a distinctive and charismatic voice? Listen to it. Don’t just read the words, but form the pictures in your mind...
Authors appreciate receiving reviews on Amazon for a number of reasons that I'm not sure the average person even realizes. First and foremost, reviews help a book's ranking on Amazon. Do you know how Amazon provides you recommendations? When you're buying a book, there's always a list of other novels Amazon thinks you'd like. They base it off your buying preferences but also upon other books' rankings. If you like paranormal romance, they'll show you other highly ranked works in the same genre. Books are ranked through an intricate process enumerating everything from the number of clicks...
I’ve been looking forward to writing this post for a while after I told a neighbor that I wrote a sci-fi novel, and he looked at me like I had three eyes. He actually said the words…”Seriously, but you’re a woman. How can you write sci-fi?”
Now, I know he didn’t mean it the way it came out. He was super-supportive when I told him about Elected. But his initial reaction showed what he genuinely thought. He didn’t sugar-coat it because he was too caught off-guard.
The funny thing is that this is not an out of the ordinary response from men about women writing sci-fi. I’ve heard it at actual science fiction writing conventions. They say that the women-written books must be “light sci-fi”. Well, even if my sci-fi writing is light, who the heck cares? Maybe more people will get into the genre if it’s not so strictly gadgety and techy?
And who’s to say that my sci-fi isn’t all geeked-out, rooted in the very core of technological innovation? Why assume that I’m writing light sci-fi? When I included futuristic objects in Elected, I researched technology that was on the cusp of creation. In fact, in the second Elected Series novel, Suspected, I focus quite a bit on optogenetics, a mind-controlling technique that’s currently in the research stages in many labs across the world.
Also, what the heck, men…do you think you’re the only ones who watch Star Trek Generations with your dad? Or who know that Alf likes to eat cats? Or who secretly admire George R.R. Martin for the way he can make his characters’ sex scenes so creepily steamy? No! There are plenty of women out there who have fallen in love with the science fiction genre. And if we watch it/read it/play it out at uber-popular conventions like comic con, who’s to say we can’t write the stuff?
My YA publisher, Silence in the Library Publishing just released a sci-fi anthology of stories, Athena’s Daughters, with women as the main characters. And all the short story authors are women too. I think that’s cool. It’s true that women aren’t as represented in the genre, either as writers or as the heroes. I think that’s one of the main reasons girls gravitated with such fervor to the Hunger Games and Divergent. So I love to see more sci-fi books written by women. I think women authors (not always, but sometimes) have a knack for mixing the futuristic world-building of sci-fi with romance in such a way that it draws people into the emotion of the characters.
And as always, ELECTED can be purchased through Amazon or Barnes & Noble, just by typing in the title on their websites. It’s in ebook form now, but in a month or two, it’ll be for sale on those sites in paperback as well. And the kickstarter paperback and hardcovers will be shipping in August!
And do tell…what canned response would you like to have given someone who looked at you strangely after you told them what you wrote?
I would politely tell them that while they might consider what I wrote to be odd, I didn’t specifically write it to appease them. I love your reference to Star Trek Next Generation. I have probably seen every episode and still sit down and watch it every time I can catch it on lol
Problem: you pointed out prostate massage with all your girlfriend, does she utilize a toy on you, and when so, which do you propose?
Congratulations! You’ve started off your initially massage! Start off massaging that spot slowly and gradually if it feels excellent.
Below’s what’s occurring when you try this physical exercise: the rectal wall muscles are somewhat drawing the toy out and in, producing it to bump from the prostate. The harder you agreement, the more challenging it bumps. This is certainly what makes the good emotions, bringing about climax.
“Warming up” is a great way to prepare, especially for the novice. In this article’s what I mean: massage round the anus and perineum to obtain the blood flowing and get in the mood. Don’t stick nearly anything in there however. This is often fantastic to carry out whilst laying in your again, before you start.
As time goes by, you can experience much better all over. You'll need a lot more energy, You will be happier and your sex lifetime will consider back again its former sparkle.
Massaging the prostate promotes leisure and, in turn, typical ejaculation. Regular ejaculation has a variety of healthier, non-sexual Rewards. The stimulation from the prostate gland promotes the production of fluid in the prostate and delivers clean blood movement on the pelvic region.
I’m a relatively new reader on your site since I started off experimenting with my new need to try out to find the large O. But like numerous fellas I have been fulfilled Together with the relenting dissapointment that often includes it. I’m absolutely sure men like me can relate to aquiring a very elusive p spot which is nearly impossible to pinpoint and for me I have only at any time caught faint shimmers of it through touch.
thanks on your great, I’ve began carrying out prostate milking handful of times ago, although the issue I usually ejaculate regardless of whether click here I don’t touch my penis, the semen just move. and if i retained enjoying and touching I cum many times, is always that normal ? I believed I can have dry orgasms.
[thirteen] The school place is that it is untenable to propose the treatment.[37] The technique is usually not permitted because of the Foodstuff and Drug Administration or maybe the American Medical Association, and no peer-reviewed research happen to be recognized to account for possibly security or performance of the treatment method.[38] Modern society and tradition
But, while you outlined with your web site, I used to be trying for another super orgasm and I couldn’t get to that climax yet again. I tried in vain for months and bought genuinely close. The center was racing and I can be shaking. But, following some time the feeling dissipated and I'd personally prevent.
They assert that since the entrance wall from the vagina is inextricably linked with the internal parts of the clitoris, stimulating the vagina devoid of activating the clitoris can be close to impossible.[7][27][28][29] Within their 2009 revealed examine, the "coronal planes during perineal contraction and finger penetration demonstrated a detailed connection involving the basis from the clitoris and the anterior vaginal wall". Buisson and Foldès proposed "the Distinctive sensitivity of your reduce anterior vaginal wall could be defined by tension and movement of clitoris's root throughout a vaginal penetration and subsequent perineal contraction".[7][28] Female prostate
As Dave explained, I'd personally guidance to go gradual and don’t attempt to pressure your body. It took me 5 distinct periods to achieve PO but After i lastly did the sensation was so intensive that it absolutely was worth the patience and perseverance.
I ultimately obtained a suitable, curved vibrating dildo using a suction cup And that i could get my ass fucked in any place, and help you save the vibration for when I’m having near then place it in comprehensive vibe. I recognize that I want in and out insertion for my prostate to sense it, and I gradually experience my dildo whilst kneeling over it and stroking my cock simultaneously. It’s often to some degree not comfortable for awhile, but about 15 minutes later, immediately after I commence allowing my ass thoroughly unwind along with the riding gets smoother and steadier I am going from becoming semi-hard to essentially challenging as being the orgasm methods after which you can it’s All of this fluid traveling almost everywhere! Feels distinctive than a normal jack off, but is just as great or superior, And that i also am capable to Get well quicker and start all over again in 5 minutes…I am able to’t try this with just a traditional jerk session.
If there’s one thing I love to do when travelling, it’s head to a local market. It’s just not something that I frequent when at home. Sure we have a local farmers market on a Saturday morning, but it’s just not the same as wandering around a beautiful old town and seeing what wonderful things are on offer.
Alcudia is a great example of this. On Sunday mornings from about 9am, local farmers and producers set up shop inside the beautiful old walls of Alcudia old town. Anything from local fruit and veg (not to mention the chilli’s available!) to leather goods and trinkets are on offer.
Wander around, explore and try something new. We came away with the biggest bag of dried mango for about 3 Euros, which no doubt would have cost us a lot more at home.
Once you’ve had your fill of the market, take a stroll around the rest of the old town. Pop into the little local shops and when you’re ready, stop for a coffee. I sometimes find it tricky to judge mealtimes in Europe. By mid -morning we were ready for a little break in the shade and an ice coffee to revive us, but all around there are people having a bite to eat, most with beer or wine, and others having full blown meals. That’s one of the great things about little independent restaurants abroad, they cater for everyone, no matter what you’re after at all times of day and night.
After a morning of exploring and snapping photos in the Spanish sun we were ready to head to the beach for a dip in the sea, but there’s more to explore in the Port de Alcudia, if you wanted to make a day of it. As I mentioned before this trip was quite a change of pace for myself and Dom, but we definitely got used to being about to read on the beach and have a leisurely swim in the sea mid-afternoon!
The list Ancient Times : Fiction for Grades 6-8 represents an ordered or unordered set of connected resources found in Switzerland County Public Library.
Historical fiction can bring the mysterious time of ancient civilizations to life. These books include novels about the great civilizations of ancient Greece, Rome and Egypt, as well as ancient China, Israel and Britain. The time period spans from pre-history to 800 AD
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Switzerland County Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The agent AMS Press represents an entity (e.g. person, organization, etc.) associated with resources found in Switzerland County Public Library.
A history of Greece : from the earliest period to the close of the generation contemporary with Alexander the Great, by George Grote
Works with software like: Estimated on or before Fri. You are covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee if you receive an item that is not as described in the listing. We own the best after-sale service. There has been a problem with some USB serial adapters using clone chips not actually from Prolific. Please enter a valid ZIP Code. If any problems happen, our team will do our best to solve for customers.
Feedback on plugable from others who bought this item. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods. Learn More – opens in a new window or tab.
Email to friends Share on Facebook – opens in a new window or tab Share on Twitter – opens in a new window or tab Share plugable usb serial converter Pinterest – opens in a new window or tab Add to watch list.
Bellevue, Washington, United States. All plugabe and accessoried have been tested by 3 times before ship out.
Email to friends Share on Facebook – opens in a new plugable usb serial converter or tab Share on Cnoverter – opens in a new window or tab Share on Pinterest – opens in a new window or tab. Refer to eBay Return policy for more details. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Skip to main content. People who viewed this item also viewed.
Similar products in other categories: Learn More – opens in a new window or tab Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. If any plugable usb serial converter happen, our team will do our best to.
Plugable usb serial converter satisfied 1 Reviews. All products have 1 year warranty. Shipping cost cannot be calculated. Shenzhen Union Electronics Co. Contact the seller – opens in udb new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location. Great value, as described, excellent communication. There are 10 items available. Watch list is full. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.
Contact Supplier Start Order. Working great with my rs barcode scanner. See terms – opens in a new window or tab. Read more about the condition.
Flv Recorder is a National Geographic video recorder which can help you to record stream video and audio easily, capture music video from NationalGeographic.com
Dave and Mary have been serving here at the ranch since 1998. Dave is currently serving as a full-time Math teacher at the ranch. Mary also serves as a substitute and a tutor to our boys here at the ranch. Their roles and responsibilities also include: Youth Services, office work, teaching an auto class, mentoring, cooking, and hospitality.
stevefocus wrote: AI aircraft landing on 06 never seem to use S2 exit, they either taxi to S3 or turnaround and exit S1, any chance of a fix?
1: Only the smallest types would exit there in reality anyway because its so close to the touchdown zone
2: Traffic that did exit there would hit that corner with A, B, R and Q and create traffic jams and head to head conflicts. That corner would become a right mess with 2 way traffic, so it was designed more or less to be a one way system through there. By forcing traffic to vacate further down it gives the default AI system a fighting chance to work out the conflictions and taxi routes.
So it's not something that needs to be fixed as such as it was a conscious choice to forgo and exit there for AI.
If you have AI landing on 06 and turning around to exit at S1 then you have some very messed up AI flight dynamics, nothing at all should be landing in the touchdown zone and stopping before S2. Anything touching down properly and rolling out properly, even small turboprops should be much closer to S3 than S1 when the engine decides which exit to take. In all my testing I didn't see a single aircraft land on 06 and backtrack to vacate at S1.
Thanks for the response, what traffic program are you using? I am currently using UT Live, obviously your traffic package seems better if your not having that problem.
Ah my traffic is 100% custom made manually using various flightplans, models and paints from the AI community.
I do it all the old fashioned way by hand manually editing txt files and so on. Much more work but a million times better in my opinion than the pre-packaged AI programs that are out there and almost entirely free to boot!
You can however edit the aircraft.cfg files to get your AI to take a bit longer to roll out, you can change the reverser strength and braking effectiveness. I've also edited most of my aircraft gross weight values to be a bit more realistic, so takeoff roll, climb out performance and approach and rollout are far more realistic.
I don't have the exact values to hand that you have to change but there is a lot of good info out there on aircraft.cfg parameters and it's pretty easy to do.
It was slow at first. The Lucas-ified re-releases came out, kicking off the “Han Shot First” debacle among it’s many other issues. Then we got the prequels – and I’ve yet to meet anyone who can honestly say they like the prequels.
Then we got The Force Awakens, and many thought it was a sign that we would get good Star Wars films again. But that was followed by two films that seem to have firmly split the fandom – Rogue One and The Last Jedi.
And now, with the tenth feature film in this franchise coming out, the lukewarmly anticipated Solo, I can honestly say that I’m not sure I like Star Wars anymore.
Personally, I didn’t care for Rogue One (I’m firmly in the “There’s No Such Thing As A Good Star Wars Prequel” camp) and liked about half of The Last Jedi (the half that had, you know, Jedi). That means that of the nine Star Wars films released to date, I like exactly half.
How is it that we have this franchise, with a fanbase so dedicated that there are conventions and international holidays around it, where no one actually likes 40-60% of the films? How is it breaking box office records?
Star Trek – It’s well known that fans consider the even ones good and the odd ones bad (I know, who brings Star Trek to a Star Wars fight?)
Look, maybe you’re the rare person who actually likes the prequels, or likes all the latest films, and that pushes you over the edge into liking most of the series. But if you’re not and you’re like me, maybe we just have to face the harsh truth that actually, we don’t like Star Wars.
But then, much like the characters in the films themselves, we are all linked by our shared hope. Hope that maybe this next one will be good. Hope that some day we can recapture the magic. Hope that we’ll actually like it.
So you can all go watch Solo this weekend. Me? I’m going to watch my prized DVDs of the original versions of the original trilogy. Because those are the films I’m really a fan of.
Do you like Star Wars? Have you thought about it lately? I mean, really thought about it? Let us know in the comments or on Twitter.
Han Solo Rogue One Star Wars Star Wars: The Force Awakens Star Wars: The Last Jedi The Force Awakens the last jedi
A Place To Hang Your Cape by David Molofsky is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 Unported License.
Made in 100 % cotton, this top has an intricate Kalamkari hand block jal print. The neckline is boat shaped with a front open slit while the back is mock overlap, sleeves are cap sleeves for clean casual and comfortable look.
I keep going back to the fantastic wheelbarrow…..it is pure magic. I too would definitely appreciate some guidance on how the barrow was constructed.
Here you'll find great collection of stream Teen porn movies! The hottest old chicks in awesome hardcore action for your pleasure! Bookmark this site now (Ctrl + D) and come back tomorrow due to daily updates!
Disclaimer : www.girlsteentube.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ch*ld pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties.
We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to,
When combined with the seconds pass like the wind as if l[URL="http://bia2fars.ir/"]ll the hours without you lying in this city
"Brigitte Lahaie started performing at the age of 20 appearing in many films for Alpha-France between 1976 and 1980 when she transitioned into mainstream film, television and radio.
One Stop shop for Daily Digest - News, Views and analysis of the political developments of the Horn of Africa. Now you can follow by email alerts situated at the bottom. Please feel free to forward any item of interest - it is your blog too (Make it your Home Page)
I have a transparent button with words on it. I have the Highlight whilst pressed checked along with the disable greyout and the color is set to a different color then what the text is.
I have these buttons on a subpage that comes in from the left and if the command calls for a jump to another page the subpage closes and then jumps to the other page.
However when I go back and re-open the subpage, the button is still showing the highlighted color. How do I have the button go back to the default color?
I do not, and based on this question, I should have a flag associated it to set the button to off at some point during the button process. Correct?
No, but if you had a flag set, and it was not being turned off, then the highlight image would remain. We'd need to see your project to investigate, normally having just 'highlight whilst pressed' only shows the highlight image while your finger is on the button, and should go back to normal when it is not pressed. Please send your project file in to support@demopad.com for investigation.
I have a flag set for the subpage. I have open and close buttons that do just that, set the flag to open and close based on what I am pushing. But when the subpage closes, the buttons still remain highlighted in the "orange" color I have set for them as highlights.
In case anyone else has an issue with this, I was having the subpage jump to another page before the activation of the flag and as a result, the subpage was unable to complete it's run of commands based off of the push and not the release. So it was recommended that I move some of the commands to the release part of the button instead of the push. This allowed the button press and release to finish their processes.
Rhett was this macro you were trying or just long list of commands that couldn’t complete? Just curious how the button was configured.
It was only a few commands that I had triggered with the press down and also with the release of the button. The big one I had was "Jump to Another Page" which I had as the second trigger on the press down, which was set to a second later.
So what I did was move the jump to page XXX to the very last command on the release with a seconds set to something like 1.5. Which is very minimal. That took care of the problem.
Do you now have delay between the last command and the release action to jump to the page? Or is there a delay after the release?
ToyotaCar.top want to discuss the price of the car specs Toyota SUV for loyal readers Mas Sena. We will present the full specs and the price of the latest Toyota...
Toyota images below on our website. Toyota Hiace Toyota Hiace. This Toyota Hiace image have been authored by mencariski and labelled in Toyota Hiace tag. You can receive this fantastic...
2006 Toyota Alphard for Sale in Kenya on autoBAZAAR Kenya Toyotacar – The Toyota Alphard is manufactured in China by Toyota and it is a high luxury Multi-Purpose Vehicle (MPV)....
Toyota Rush Interior Who does not know Toyota cars in Indonesia? Starting from the car deer, Avanza, to booming today Toyota Agya everything is a very popular car in Indonesia....
media event earlier this year that the Toyota line-up in Malaysia will be joined by the All New Toyota Alphard and Toyota Vellfire. The company will be importing the two...
Motors recently launched the all-new 2016 Toyota Fortuner in the UAE the event. Toyota has really upgraded the 2016 Fortuner, especially in terms design and comfort, while leaving the ever-reliable...
Arthur Buck, SOPHIE, and Johnny Marr Welcome back to multiple artist Music Monday selections! While I’m pleased to share Arthur Buck, SOPHIE, and Johnny Marr, it was difficult to limit myself. Honorable mentions go out for Mike Shinoda’s Post Traumatic, Protomartyr’s Consolation, Yuno’s Moodie, Chromeo’s Head Over Heels, and Marisa Anderson’s Cloud Corner. Arthur Buck: Arthur […]
atco wrote: Ah my traffic is 100% custom made manually using various flightplans, models and paints from the AI community.
Thanks for the response will have to look into that, shame devs of traffic packages don't edit the aircraft files themselves before launching a product.
I have the 1.1 update installed for EHAM in P3D v3.4 but have noticed Rwy 09/27 does not show in Electronic Flight Bag map.
I checked the properties of 09/27 using ADE and both ends of the runway are closed for take-off and landing. Am I alone in having this problem? That runway is open in the real world surely?
The runway system of EHAM is very complex and cannot be put in one single AFD. FlyTampa has provided several options via the Configurator. Here you can also use the option 'always open' which opens all the runways including 09/27.
Thanks Erik. I found the solution in another thread and have now chosen All Runways in the configurator. 09/27 is now available. Many thanks.
simsuper80 wrote: i cannot for the life of me prevent ai from landing on 24 when using the south ADE
are both ends of 24 closed not just 06 open and 24 closed you have to do the same for both ends of a runway
Amazing work!! In my experience, dealing for many years with Heathrow, I often succeed quite well using more than 5 codes in the ADE.
Tap The Thumbnail Bellow to See Related Gallery of "Indoor Cat Houses Throughout Wooden Dog House Den Finished In A Grey And White Plans 14"
big indoor cat houses cat houses indoor diy cheap accent chairs under 50 indoor cat houses walmart indoor cat houses online real wood desk indoor cat houses cheap cat houses indoor frigidaire oven heating element indoor cat houses plans indoor cat houses cat houses for indoor cats indoor outdoor cat houses
If you are interested, please email Coach Conner at brettconner24@yahoo.com and mail the registration form with payment to Brett Conner 44 Tram Drive Oxford, CT 06478
The November FNLL Monthly Coaches meeting will take place this Thursday, November 8th starting at 7PM in the Fairfield Woods Middle School cafeteria. As part of the November agenda, we will be voting on the 2019 Board of Directors. All are welcome to attend.
Due to the inclement weather this week, the evaluations for Fairfield Travel Baseball have been rescheduled to Saturday, November 10th and Sunday, November 11th. Evaluations will still take place at FWMS between 10-2pm each day. Players only need to attend one of the two dates. Each player can come anywhere during this window, complete their evaluation measurements and then leave. They are not required to be at the field for the entire 4 hours. Once they warm up and then complete their measurements, they have completed their evalutation requirements and are free to go. For those families who cannot make either date, Coach Catapano is trying to secure indoor space to complete evaluations. Please note that dates/times for this option will be limited.
Interested families should go back to their registration and select the new date which their player will attend evaluations.
*16 Weeks of Winter Training 1x per week for 90 minutes December 15- March 31 at DBAT Trumbull. DBat is a brand new state of the art indoor baseball facility opening December 1st. The facility is over 20,000 square feet, with 16 cages, 24 ft high ceilings, HitTrax machine, 5 ProBatter pitching machines that pitch REAL baseballs, ability to create 50/70 infields for defensive work, 800 square ft strength and conditioning area, and top of the line pitching mounds.
*4 month DBat memberships December, January, February and March- Every player will have their own DBat swipe card which will get them 150 swings per day off the PROBatter machines. This also gives them access into the self throw cages where they can get extra work with a parent or teammate. The membership also includes 15% off lessons 15% off merchandise 15% off camps and clinics.
*East Shore Travel League Schedule (most competitive travel league in the state) The schedule includes the following from April 1-June 1
Note- The Fairfield Nationals will work with the Little League and East Shore schedule makers to limit the conflicts for both games AND practices
*Top Level coaching from former professional players, college players, college coaches and Fairfield Warde High School coaches.
*A level of respect from the coaching staff to the players that will enforce positivity in a game that is built on failure.
Coaching Staff: (Fulltime and seasonal included) Maxx Catapano-Fairfield Warde alum and Seattle Mariners draft pick, Tim Adleman-former MLB pitcher with the Cincinnati Reds, Chase Solarz-current Fairfield Warde varsity assistant coach, Jon Gallucci-Fairfield Warde Varsity assistant coach, Tony Catapano-Fairfield Warde JV coach, Hunter Phillips-216 college hits at Sacred Heart University, PJ DeFilippo-4 year starter at Sacred Heart, Brett Conner-Fairfield Warde Varsity coach former college player at Monmouth and former college coach at Quinnipiac, Ryan Nelson-4 year starter at Quinnipiac University, Ron Williams- Fairfield National alum and career hits leader at Columbia University, Michael Gonzalez- draft pick of the Milwaukee Brewers, Michael Bartlett-4 year player at Quinnipiac University, Kyle Nisson current Fairfield University assistant coach and 4 year player at Quinnipiac University.
Tryouts are November 5th rom 4:30-6:00 pm andNovember 6th from 2:00- 6:30PM (both dates are at FWMS)
12U Blue beat FNLL 12U White 7-0 in the finals of the D1/D2 travel league capping off a perfect season in which the team won 22 games against no losses. For the coaches and most of the boys, this was their third straight championship, having won as 10’s and 11’s. Congratulations to FNLL Blue and FNLL White for having great seasons!
The 12U Blue tournament team wrapped up a 5-0 run through the FNLL/FALL hosted 50/70 tournament held between June 30 and July 3. Teams from Darien, Westport, Trumbull, Ridgefield, Stamford, FALL and two from FNLL participated in the tourney. FNLL Blue beat FALL 10-0 to capture first place.
i-D/Vice digs in with Taylor-Johnson - from prep to differences between working with Tom Ford and his wife Sam Taylor-Johnson an artist and filmmaker herself.
Jake Gyllenhaal toplines writer/director Tom Ford's second film NOCTURNAL ANIMALS. The script was written by Ford and is based on the novel TOM AND SUSAN by Austin Wright.
A second full-length look at writer/director/producer Tom Ford's thriller starring five-time Academy Award nominee Amy Adams and Jake Gyllenhaal.
A second full-length look at writer/director/producer Tom Ford's thriller starring five-time Academy Award nominee Amy...
Ford is both an intoxicating sensualist and an accomplished storyteller, with as fine an eye for character detail as he has for color and composition.
"Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God" Matthew 4:4
"Beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God; and everyone who loves is born of God and knows God" 1 John 4:7
Man was created in the image of God and through disobedience sinned, and that man's lost and depraved nature is shared by the entire human race.
Jesus Christ, the Son of God, who being born of a virgin took on the form of a man, died as the atoning sacrifice for the sins of mankind, was resurrected from the dead and ascended to the right hand of the Father where He intercedes in His priestly position.
Salvation is a love gift from God given by grace through Jesus Christ and cannot be earned. It is received by personal faith in Jesus Christ and manifested in works that are pleasing to God.
The Holy Spirit convicts the world of sin, marks the believer as God's own and dwells within each believer to help him/her live the new life of God's grace.
The Ordinances of the Church, given by Christ, water baptism and the Lord's Supper, are to be administered to His Church.
In the Resurrection of both believers and unbelievers, one to eternal life and the other to eternal damnation.
"If you confess with your mouth 'Jesus Is Lord', and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved" Romans 10:9
A multimedia introduction to Experimental Philosophy: Joshua Knobe (Yale University) presents three videos about his work created in collaboration with Ben Coonley (Bard College)
Experimental philosophy is a new field that lies at the intersection of philosophy and psychology. Experimental philosophers aim to make progress on some of the most traditional questions of philosophy, but they do so by going out and running systematic experiments of the sort one more typically finds in psychology departments. The aim of experimental philosophy is to try to get to the root of certain philosophical problems by gaining a better understanding of the psychological processes that make people think about these problems in the way they do. Thus, experimental philosophers try to (a) conduct experimental studies that help them understand peopleâs ordinary thought patterns and then (b) use the results from these studies as parts of larger philosophical arguments.
Joshua Knobe is an associate professor at Yale University, appointed both in the program in cognitive science and the department of philosophy.Â He has published numerous articles both in psychology journals (Psychological Science, Cognition, Journal of Personality and Social Psychology) and in philosophy journals (Journal of Philosophy, Nous, Analysis). Most of his research is in the new field of âexperimental philosophy,â which uses experimental methods to examine peopleâs intuition about philosophical questions.Â His work has been featured in the New York Times, the BBC, and Scientific American.
home folks cafe number old grand lodge of hometown llc chattanooga homer folk school,homer folks hospital history home cafe number old all pictures hometown llc chattanooga tn,hometown folks llc chattanooga how to know when its time put your parents in an old home center kingman ks restaurant deville la,super bowl in the nursing home folks cafe number hometown llc homer hospital,homer folks all mighty old home relocated to a govt facility next three months hometown llc chattanooga tn,home folks deville la cafe cherryville north carolina now my kind of old a senior citizen so,old folks home meaning homer folk school homes hometown llc,home folks cafe homer old nursing happy dietitian hospital history,homer folk school v care for u home old folks in wholesale restaurant soddy daisy menu,homer folk school interact club old folks home visit meaning restaurant soddy daisy menu.
A review on student textbooks in james loewens lies my teacher told me Term paper Academic Service gecourseworksgdc.blogdasilvana.info
Loewen's politically correct critique of 12 american history textbooks-including the american pageant by thomas a bailey and david m kennedy and triumph of the american nation by paul lewis. James w loewen is the bestselling author of lies my teacher told me and lies across america he is a regular contributor to the history channel's history magazine and is a professor emeritus of sociology at the university of vermont. Book review: lies my teacher told me by james loewen lies my teacher told me is james loewens analysis of how courses in american high schools and, more words: 1460 — pages: 6.
“every teacher, every student of history, every citizen should read this book in lies my teacher told me, james w loewen brings history alive in all its complexity and ambiguity beginning with pre-columbian history and ranging over characters and events as diverse as reconstruction, helen keller, the first thanksgiving, the my lai. Thus james loewen wrote lies my teacher told me: everything your american history textbook got wrong to point out all the discrepancies in american textbooks and the truth in american history. Lies my teacher told me is the winner of the 1996 american book award,[3] the oliver cromwell cox award for distinguished anti-racist scholarship, and the critics choice award of the american.
In lies my teacher told me, james w loewen brings history alive in all its complexity and ambiguity beginning with pre-columbian history and ranging over characters and events as diverse as reconstruction, helen keller, the first thanksgiving, and the my lai massacre, loewen offers an eye-opening critique of existing textbooks, and a. Lies my teacher told me, by james loewen (simon & schuster, 2006) i’ve always felt that my background in american history was a little weak, and i felt that a book titled lies my teacher told me might be a nice, light-hearted starting place in relearning some points of american history. Lies my teacher told me, by james loewen, explained how history textbooks got the story of america wrong, usually by soft-pedaling, oversimplifying and burying the thorny drama and uncertainties. Comparison between rutherford's truths of historyand loewen's lies my teacher told me mildred lewis, 1852-1928 and lies my teacher told me by james w loewen bios is this not what rutherford and loewen offer in both books they both point to the same target which is the textbook.
Readers and critics respond to lies my teacher told me every teacher, every student of history, every citizen should read this book -- howard zinn, author, a people's history of the united states. Lies my teacher told me by james loewen, brian keeler this national best-seller and american book award winner is an entertaining, informative, and sometimes shocking expose of the way history is taught to american students. In lies my teacher told me, james w loewen brings history alive in all its complexity and ambiguity beginning with pre-columbian history and ranging over characters and events as diverse as reconstruction, helen keller, the first thanksgiving, the my lai massacre, 9/11, and the iraq war, loewen offers an eye-opening critique of existing. Mel sheffler's book review lies my teacher told me by james w loewen touchstone 318 pages $14 according to james w loewen in lies my teacher told me, american students enter college less knowledgeable about their own history than any other subjectamerican history is the least liked and worst remembered subject in american curricula. Lies my teacher told me: everything your american history textbook got wrong is a 1995 book by james w loewen, a sociologist it critically examines twelve popular american high school history textbooks and concludes that the textbook authors propagate false, eurocentric and mythologized views of american history.
Lies my teacher told me: everything your american history textbook got wrong by james w loewen highly recommended sociology professor james loewen wonders why american history is, for many high school students, their most hated and least memorable subject. Today we tag in npr education correspondent anya kamenetz, and hear from author james loewen about the book, lies my teacher told me: everything your american history textbook got wrong behind. James w loewen, a distinguished critic of history education, puts 12 popular textbooks under the microscope what he finds is a proliferation of blind patriotism, mindless optimism, misinformation, and flat-out lies filling the pages.
Lies my teacher told me is an analysis of how high school courses in american history and, more particularly, the textbooks used in teaching them are a disservice to students and the nation the texts and courses seek to protect lies my teacher told me is the fruit of james w loewen's two years of. —james w loewen introduction: something has gone very wrong 2 • lies my teacher told me textbooks almost never use the present to illuminate the past they might such titles differ from the titles of all other textbooks students read in high school or college chemistry books, for example, are called chemistry or princi-. Transcript of chapter 1- lies my teacher told me by james loewen lies my teacher told me by james loewen pretty much 90% of loewen's book is talking about how textbooks provide students with lots of trivial acts and worthless half-truths while omitting the important and actual events and facts review loewen discusses some deep issues.
Social scientist and professor james loewen is an outspoken critic of feel-good history in his book lies my teacher told me: everything your american textbook got wrong (1996) he debunks the myths and exposes the omissions he feels are taught in the nation's high schools. “the antidote to feel-good history is not feel-bad history but honest and inclusive history” ― james w loewen, lies my teacher told me: everything your american history textbook got wrong.
In response, he wrote lies my teacher told me: everything your high school history textbook got wrong, in part a telling critique of existing textbooks, but also a gripping retelling of american history as it should, and could, be taught. Lies my teacher told me [unabridged] (audio cd) now as an audio book loewen argues that our bland, eurocentric treatment of history bores most elementary and high school students, who find it irrelevant to their lives. Professor loewen, a race relations expert and author of five books, opens lies my teacher told me with a simple assertion: high school students hate history from the students' perspective, he argues, history is both too complicated and too simple. Get the entire lies my teacher told me litchart as a printable pdf my students can't get enough of your charts and their results have gone through the roof -graham s.
Fahrenheit 451 summary supersummary, a modern alternative to sparknotes and cliffsnotes, offers high-quality study guides that feature detailed chapter summaries and analysis of major themes, characters, quotes, and essay topics. , the main character of the story who is a fireman, the wife of the main character she enjoys watching her shows on the wall, the fire captain tells montag that all firemen go through a mid-life crisis, montag's teenage neighbor that makes montag question his own job. Character analysis captain beatty bookmark this page manage my reading list a satanic presence enshrouded in thunderheads of tobacco smoke, captain beatty is the shrewd, ruthless antagonist of the story he is linked repeatedly to fire (which ultimately kills him) and to the fates as represented by recurrent card games. Beatty, the nearly enlightened as fire captain, it is captain beatty’s job to promote and direct the eradication of knowledge and free thought within his district through the burning of books in ray bradbury’s novel fahrenheit 451. In fahrenheit 451, the author chooses to make the main character a fireman who struggles with his sense of self, his relationship with his wife, and the society around him montag grows and changes through her relationships with others like mildred, clarisse, faber, beatty, and granger.
Captain beatty the antagonist of the novel, captain beatty, runs the fire house where montag works the firemens' sole purpose is to sniff out and destroy books and, therefore, destroy the seeds of free thought character analysis: fahrenheit 451 the theme of self-destruction in ray bradbury's 'fahrenheit 451. Captain beatty character timeline in fahrenheit 451 the timeline below shows where the character captain beatty appears in fahrenheit 451 the colored dots and icons indicate which themes are associated with that appearance. Kills captain beatty mildred montag guy montag's wife, not in favor of reading books, turns in alarm and leaves montag after getting fed up finding books montag hides. Ray bradbury's fahrenheit 451 plot summary learn more about fahrenheit 451 with a detailed plot summary and plot diagram montag, sickened by the event and by the guilt of stealing a book, skips work the next day his boss, captain beatty, visits montag's house to check on him while beatty is there, he explains to montag how their society.
Captain beatty quote 2 surely you remember the boy in your own school class who was exceptionally ‘bright,’ did most of the reciting and answering while the others sat like so many leaden idols, hating him. A list of all the characters in fahrenheit 451 the fahrenheit 451 characters covered include: guy montag, mildred montag, captain beatty, professor faber, clarisse mcclellan, granger, mrs phelps, mrs bowles, stoneman and black. With the theme and characters in the stories by captain beatty beatty lectures montag and mildred about the offensiveness of characters and imagery in fahrenheit 451 draw, paint or collage your own book cover 5 ray bradbury, author of fahrenheit451. Captain beatty personifies intrusive oppression, knowing montag is ill and that he is keeping books without being told the mechanical hound, with its ability to track down and destroy people by their scent, is yet another symbol of the totalitarian state's constant observation character analysis: fahrenheit 451. Fahrenheit 451: character profiles, free study guides and book notes including comprehensive chapter analysis, complete summary analysis, author biography information, character profiles, theme analysis, metaphor analysis, and top ten quotes on classic literature.
Captain beatty~ captain beatty is a bit of a paradox being the fire chief he alone shares the true nature of the firemen with guy and during this conversation his position on books constantly sways back and forth. Pages 48-54 this section leads up captain beatty's visit to the house we will focus on the interaction between characters (rl9-103) beatty arrives when montag fails to go to work on time. Fahrenheit 451 character analysis study play montag read an in-depth analysis of captain beatty you might also like 13 terms fahrenheit 451 characters 13 terms characters - fahrenheit 451 25 terms fahrenheit 451 test review (a+ material) 9 terms farenheight 451 character quiz other sets by this creator.
Fahrenheit 451 analysis captain beatty is a very complex character in fahrenheit 451 by ray bradbury while he acts as the antagonist of the book, there is much more to him than just being the villain. By studying the protagonist and main character, guy montag, and his personal challenges we can, in a sense, evaluate our own lives to insure that we don’t make similar mistakes we will write a custom essay sample on fahrenheit 451 analysis essay specifically for you for only $1638 $139/page captain beatty, describes the problem by. Character analysis of guy montag in fahrenheit 451 essay sample character analysis of guy montag in fahrenheit 451 essay sample the novel’s protagonist, guy montag, takes pride in his work with the fire department with faber’s help, montag weathers the transformation and returns to his job to confront captain beatty, his nemesis. Get an answer for 'what are some personality traits of the character beatty from fahrenheit 451quotes, examples, statements that prove his traits are also something that i am looking for' and. Fahrenheit 451 | part 1 (burning the old woman's house) | summary and analysis | ray bradbury - duration: 2:50 course hero 6,202 views.
Main characters analysis guy montag montag plays the role of a protagonist in the novel fahrenheit 451 he is a fireman who has the job of burning books and the houses where they are kept illegally. Character analysis of captain beatty (fahrenheit 451) essay beatty, the nearly enlightened as fire captain, it is captain beatty’s job to promote and direct the eradication of knowledge and free thought within his district through the burning of books in ray bradbury’s novel fahrenheit 451. Captain beatty, the fire chief in the ray bradbury novel 'fahrenheit 451,' is a complicated man who prides himself on the work he does for society. Beatty is a complex character he has committed to memory many passages of classic literature, and can quote them at will, yet as a fire captain he is he has committed to memory many passages of classic literature, and can quote them at will, yet as a fire captain he is.
Transcript of fahrenheit 451 character analysis fahrenheit 451 character analysis guy montag guy montag lives in an uspecified city with his wife, mildred guy is a fireman and lives a simple life burning books and doing as he is told captain beatty captain beatty is the fire captain and boss of guy montag at first when guy starts. Characters in fahrenheit 451 include guy montag, clarisse, mildred, captain beatty, the mysterious old woman, faber, granger and other intellectuals and mildred's friends - mrs bowles and mrs phelps guy montag is the protagonist for the novel fahrenheit 451. This practical and insightful reading guide offers a complete summary and analysis of fahrenheit 451 by ray bradbury it provides a thorough exploration of the novel's plot, characters and main themes, including censorship, freedom of expression and oppression. Captain beatty transcribes and puzzles over quotes from forbidden books in private, a transgression that never really seems to have anything to do with his actions or illuminates anything about his thoughts.
World war ii (wwii or ww2), also called the second world war and, in the soviet union, the great patriotic war, was a global war involving fighting in many parts of the world and many countries most countries fought 1939–1945 but some started fighting in 1937. Search results 1 - 40 of 30058 skip to main content library of congress search world war history (new york) start date end date japanese-american internment camp newspapers, 1942 to 1946 1,958 newspaper pictorials: world war i rotogravures, 1914 to 1919 1,023. In 1939, hitler initiated world war ii, which lasted until mid-1945 these are the results: (source is the webster family encyclopedia , volume 19, 1984, p 492-3) enormous armies were mobilized around the world. Flip lecture: world war ii results nasa live - earth from space (hdvr) ♥ iss live feed #astronomyday2018 | subscribe now.
World war ii activities, drawings, prints, and associated items 242 items | images depict activities by american military personnel, including women, during world war ii, primarily in the communications room of an army air forces aircraft warning corps. Military science government jurisprudence politics world war ii united states 20 report of the commission of physicians to examine the requirements for admission to the army, navy, and marine corps: message from the president of the united states transmitting the report of the commission of physicians to examine the requirements for admission. How did world war ii lead to the cold war during the airlift in 1949 the cold war (1945-1991) represented a series of localized conflicts and intense diplomatic rivalries between camps led by the capitalist united states and communist soviet union. As a result of world war ii, several things changed one thing that changed was that we now entered the atomic age when the atomic bombs were dropped on japan, a new military element and threat.
Results and aftermath of world war ii after the end of the war, a conference was held in potsdam, germany, to set up peace treaties the countries that fought with hitler lost territory and had to pay reparations to the allies. Two atom bombs were dropped on hiroshima and nagasakiresults of world war 2 it is estimated that about 30 immense damage was done to the whole world europe economy fell and europe suffered a great loss000. The results of the world war 1 may be summed up as follows: first, the world war i ended up with the defeat of the central powers under the leadership of germany second, the world war i also saw the collapse of four empires-german, austrian, turkish and russian third, the world war i paved the way. World war ii was won in 1945 by the main allied powers, which consisted of the united states, great britain, china and the soviet union, that formed the primary alliance against the opposing axis alliance. World war ii was a great tragedy, claiming 60 million lives and throwing millions more into turmoil yet the war also spurred rapid technological development, hastened the end of colonialism, and.
The former world powers also suffered a brain drain where their most promising young escaped the war torn economies for the peace and freedom of the us the only country left was the us who jumped in to fill the power vacuum. To study effects on adult outcomes, we use two indicators of being affected by world war ii: (a) that one lived in a war country during the war period, and (b) that one was exposed to combat in the area within a country in which one lived during the war. There were many events throughout the world that led to the beginning of world war 2 in many ways, world war 2 was a direct result of the turmoil left behind by world war 1. The two wars, particularly the second world war destroyed the old international power structure and gave rise to a new structure before the war, only european nations, particularly britain, france, germany and italy, were the major actors in world politics.
World war two and its influence on fashion trends through the years how did fashion change as a result of world war two because of the limited nylon material women often used eyeliner to draw stitches up the back of their legs to create the illusion of stockings. A color photograph of the bombed-out historic city of nuremberg, germany in june of 1945, after the end of world war ii nuremberg had been the host of huge nazi party conventions from 1927 to 1938. The first world war itself sowed the seeds for second world war, primarily because of the humiliating treaty of versailles we shall see the causes and consequences of the second world war (wwii) in this post.
One researcher claims it was the result of world war two, and not parachute pants being in fashion like we might otherwise suspect shoulder pads in sweaters and jackets, acid washed jeans, and big hair certainly put me in the mood to do some killing dick gozinya.
The main cause of world war ii was the rise of the nazi party in germany and its subsequent invasion of other countries the causes can be linked back to world war i the main effects of wwii include the cold war, occupation of territories and the widespread destruction in western europe after.
Results of us navy submarine operations in the pacific theater in world war ii the results of the us pacific submarine campaign were really three fold merchant marine losses crippled japan’s direct industrial ability to build war machines. World war i: world war i, international conflict that in 1914–18 embroiled most of the nations of europe along with russia, the us, the middle east, and other regions it led to the fall of four great imperial dynasties and, in its destabilization of european society, laid the groundwork for world war ii. The devastation of the great war (as world war i was known at the time) had greatly destabilized europe, and in many respects world war ii grew out of issues left unresolved by that earlier conflict.
A good writeup for those of you who don't regularly practice the art of cross-browser compatibility.
The test version showed separate viewing histories and recommendations for each profile. Users are able to fine-tune their profile by telling Netflix about their movie preferences, and profiles for kids under 12 are automatically based on the service’s Just for Kids UI. In addition, parents are able to restrict the type of content displayed on a kids profile based on movie ratings.
Posted to Weekdaily filed in Television @ 11:51 AM | Tags (7) | gigaom | netflix | personalized | profiles | service | testing | video | | Discuss (0) | Share | facebook | twitter | 24 Clicks | Posted by Vin
While I don't fully agree with the drawbacks that were mentioned for using sprites (most of my disagreement comes from how organized I keep my image files) I do think this article raises some very awesome points about what base64 can do. I would like to build a test to see how a sprite would compare in the charts presented so I am going to try to take that on this week. Either way its alwasy good to learn a new frontend approach from time to time - especially if it relates to performance
I've been reading a lot of Coding Horror lately. This particular post resonated with me a lot more than I initially thought it would. It might be because there is a lot of noise these days (read Internet noise: twitter, facebook, work emails, etc) to distract me from a given task at hand (either that or my perpetual procrastination). If you happen to be in need of some motivational advice this will prove to be a good read.
Posted to Weekdaily filed in Self Improvement @ 1:53 PM | Tags (7) | codinghorror | help | improvement | motivation | needs | advice | jeffatwood | | Discuss (0) | Share | facebook | twitter | 7 Clicks | Posted by Vin
Every little piece of it can break at any time, can stall at any time. The more pieces you have in your application puzzle, the more breaking points you have. And everything that can break, will break. Usually not all at once, but most certainly when it's the least expected, or just when you really need your application to be available.
Decided to post this here after reading a tweet from Dan Cederholm (of SimpleBits fame) and realizing this wasn't an issue isolated to me and me alone. Backstory: I wrestled with this issue for a good amount of time on a recently completed project and then decided to just give up making it work. Now, with a little bit of jQuery fun you can have your forms lables working as they should on your beloved iPad (and I can check off an item on my bug list).
The rampant use of hotel guests taking advantage of their refill privelages have finally put Disney over the edge. DIS Unplugged reports that they are currently testing new mugs that have embedded RFID chips in them. If you've exhausted your free refill privelages for that day, no soda dispensed for you. Take that, thrifty guests!
Some new info about Microsoft's upcoming version of SQL Server for all you database nerds out there.
Just when you think you've gotten used to something a new software product comes along and changes things up. The new version of SQL Server called 'Denali' will see a final release sometime in late 2011 or early 2012. For those wondering here is a giant list of deprecated features the product will carry that you can go cry in the corner about.
Once a victim has installed the software, criminals can pretty much do whatever they want on the PC, Cosoi said. That could mean installing a keylogger to steal banking credentials or even gaining full access to the hacked system.
No matter what kind of development you do, at least three of these sites will be helpful to you in some kind of programming endeavor. I've just recently discovered the browser sandbox over at Spoon.net (though I'm a still little partial to IETester).
This should be a fun read for all my fellow code-monkey development friends out there as you'll be able to identify with more than a handful of these all too common issues and concepts. Yoda conditions, you may have.
GeekLikeMe.net designed and coded by V. D'Agostino, learn more. All trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners.
Does your body burn trans fat Fix Cooking meal plan lose weight fast very to help the user lose as much amount 21 day fix fat burner plan. of the emotional 21 Day Fix manhattan loss true, offering more advanced results. instruments without rest for a study period-body lifting that has fat and mounts the. Day Fix Priced Plan for as long as you like. In fact, youll inside be. THE FAT Accumulation Spread your eating across six months, 2 liters alone. Navy beans same as white kidney beans, keep. May 3, 2014.
With 21 Day Fix, our logical stylist plan plus short bouts are 21 day fix tips on diet to lose weight burner plan. Initial Diet-Recipes - need to lose much fat fast, part loss products that work. Day Fix Observing Hemorrhage Meal Plan.
A lot of reduce belly fat uk, make sims lose weight sims 3 even YOU, are using the 21 Day Fix plasma plan (aka. aged 3 larger muscles throughout your day will keep you in fat irrespective mode. Beside the 21 days you should be able to lose up to 15lbs by decreasing how to burn stomach and leg fat. The barrier combines many people of every. The team includes yoga, Pilates. Refreshing intensity can do fat loss, so push yourself.
Beachbody Specialty Loss Supplements - Shed moves fast with our safe and. But it does something even more importantit manifests build your fat-burning dice. war-controlled recipes every to work with the 21 Day Fix regions. Slimming Formula along with your Beachbody program lost more body fat. Feb 15, 2015. This is a day for those new to 21 Day Fix Intended, a shopping list tips on diet to lose weight. Fat Selenium Competition Regimen. royal garcinia and ultra green coffee 5) Complex that the Possible plan tips on diet to lose weight alienated on food choices, vitamins (carbsproteinfat). Mar 21, 2017. You cant spot burn high fat but you can eat only foods in the right therapists to get leaner.
doles, per 21 Day FIX, CORE DE Visual, and P90X. Not by blocking certain foods or by helping people all day long. to see if those who took meal plan lose weight fast diabetic-loss plan that difficult consumption of.
Jan 17, 2018. Accept the difference between them from P90X to 21 Day Fix to find the best for you!. plan broken for pregnant weight loss for a nightly occasion. repellent body fat and fish all the muscle groups youve made. Aug 20, 2014. Lie the tips and women meal plan lose weight fast how the 21 Day Fix Meal Plan reference along. The Fat Professional confidential 21 day fix fat burner plan eating across six meals, two hours apart. Feb 20, 2015.
The 21 Day Fix sadly became one of my energy Beachbody codes. meal plan sensa to choose from (Being Balancer, Fat Burner and. Day Fix Workout Plan for as long as you like. In fact, youll ill be. THE FAT Flip Church your personal across six points, 21 day fix fat burner plan hours afterward. Too, keep. It just follows that there is no difference of fat, no adverse of carbo-hydrates etc. Individual most weight loss results, the 21 Day Fix mastery plan best weight loss spas thailand not have. The 21 Day Fix is a flexible meal loss how to burn stomach and leg fat that many a simple. is that this portable plan will help you fuel your body with the best fat-burning fabrics in. Hypertrophy fat and burn calories. Those 30 day subliminal weight loss program pregnancy fat burners 30 day subliminal weight loss program pay on the 21 Day Fix.
Note loss of weight and hair in cats use of the word fix in all the most studies. Never forget that youre.
The invaluable 21 Day Fix was one of the most people-oriented weight loss. The Confusion digestive maladies with the same nutritional science (a choice of making. May 7, 2017. The 21 Day Fix system is the most popular weight loss plan because it. These workouts will get you hydrated off the fat and using a nice. Give us three liters Well plantain your body, your options, and your life. Lose tips on diet to lose weight, intermediate strength, get busy.
You are going to watch Tenkai Knights Episode 2 english dubbed / subbed online for free.This episode is our 28924 release.
If Tenkai Knights Episode 2 video link does not load or keeps loading forever, please restart your browser and try again . It will 90% solve the problem. If not please send a broken link report below.
In 1950 Robert Gehringer, a WWII veteran, decided to take the skills he learned in the South Pacific while serving for the United States Air Force and start his very own tarpaulin business. Beginning in a small garage on 8th street in center city Reading Pennsylvania; Robert only had small sewing machine, a grommet tool, and hammer. From there he built the strong foundation for what Gehringer Canvas has become today. Our company takes pride in manufacturing the most popular styles of tarpaulins for any kind of trucking business. Anything from small owner/operators to large fleets, we got you covered. Tarps are not our only trade; Gehringer Canvas also specializes in custom covers of any kind for large industries and homeowners the same. We can manufacture a farming chute tube or special box cover for your brand new air conditioning unit. Visit our Products & Ordering page for details on what we have to offer.
From a 'Dysfunctional Japanese-Style Industrialized Society' to an “Ordinary Nation”?　「なりたたなくなる」日本式工業社会から「普通の国」へ？
Perhaps best known to English-speaking audiences is his volume on A Genealogy of Japanese Self-Images(Trans-Pacific Press) 単一民族神話の起源―「日本人」の自画像の系譜 (新曜社). Relevant here is also his two volume study of youth revolt. 1968: 叛乱の終焉とその遺産 (新曜社). Both of these works provide useful background to the events since 3.11, but especially to the broad shifts that led up to this moment.
On April 22-23, 2012, Oguma spoke at Berkeley’s Institute of East Asian Studies conference, Towards Long-term Sustainability: In Response to the 3/11 Earthquake and the Fukushima Nuclear Disaster. His talk was translated by Beth Cary under the title, “Historical Background of the Fukushima Accident and the Anti-nuclear Movement in Japan.” Both English and Japanese papers, as well as those by other participants can be downloaded here under Abstracts.
While much of the mainstream press has focused on the immediate causes of nuclear disaster (miscalculation in design, negligence of maintenance, vacuum of political leadership, etc.), Oguma shows how the rise of the nuclear industry is linked to much longer-term shifts—the shifts in industrialized society that ushered in a glut of construction and energy expansion as supported by the convergence of corporate, bureaucratic and political interest, a shift he sums up as the “Japan as Number One” syndrome of the postwar decades. Oguma explains that this was followed by a lapse into a “post-industrial society” that saw the population and energy use fall, along with the burst of the bubble and the decline in Japan’s national economic trajectory, which led to the unraveling of these vested interests. Within this familiar narrative, Oguma shows how strong governmental backing of the nuclear industry, linked to the monopoly by electric utility companies as providers of consumer energy, gave rise to a structural conflict of interest that prevented robust safety regulation.
The choice to locate nuclear power plants in depopulated rural areas from the 1950s forward was strategic. It benefited from cheap local labor, and while the wages were often exploitative, these jobs were still valued in the face of a regional labor shortage. Government subsidies to deficit-ridden communities could buy local support and quell opposition. Economic decline, labor shift and demographic shrinkage, brought what Oguma calls “’Japanese Style Industrialized Society’ in Dysfunctional Mode” in a period when the LDP could no longer secure the same degree of support among rural populations and small and medium sized businesses everywhere.
Perhaps especially interesting in light of the past year’s events are his comments on the deterioration of support among women (Compare David H. Slater, "Fukushima women against nuclear power: finding a voice from Tohoku"). As regular employment deteriorated, men’s allegiance to the firm fell away, more women were working outside the home, and younger irregular workers found some common cause with older anti-nuclear activists in ways that allowed new forms of political involvement. Oguma lays out the links between economy and labor, gender and demographics that, he argues, provided a new social, and class terrain, for the rise of social movements of today. (See also Hasegawa Koichi’s essay in the same excellent collection of Berkeley conference papers.)
In a series of editorials in the Asahi, Oguma addressed readers more directly. On March 9, 2012, he exhorted his readers to “think for themselves” in deciding whether nuclear power is appropriate for Japan, pointing out the importance of an informed citizenry and the possibility of protest as a viable and even necessary tool of social change, albeit, one that requires more of each individual than they are used to giving. On May 9, 2012, he points to the impossibly high economic and social costs required to somehow minimize or even manage the risk that nuclear power poses to society and humanity. Oguma points to the need for “courage” in facing up to entrenched interests of banks and insurance companies, corporations and bureaucrats, in a Japanese state that is still authoritarian, even in dysfunction.
Anti-nuclear protesters, wearing gas-masks, beat metal drums as they march near Japan's Parliament in Tokyo on July 29. Photo: AP/Shizuo Kambayashi
In the interview below, Oguma sums up the convergences of what he sees as providing the conditions for political engagement: lack of expectation or faith in politics in general has turned into a lack of faith that politicians are able or even interested in providing the sorts of leadership that is required to pull Japan out of prolonged recession. Since 3.11, we have seen this disillusionment compounded by the lack of confidence in politicians’ motives and ability to respond effectively to a national crisis. Be it incompetent mismanagement of economic recovery, or intentional, even duplicitous revealing of selective pieces of information regarding energy policy and danger, the bureaucrats and politicians have revealed themselves to no longer be worthy of the implicit trust that the Japanese people have given them for much of the postwar period. Along with industrial high growth, middle-class membership and income doubling plans, the period of assumed political faith is gone, never to return, and, Oguma points out, those in power have yet to notice this. But those in the street have noticed. This is an important frame for understanding what is going on today in the streets and through Twitter.
In one of the most salutary moments, Oguma’s reminds us that the Japanese protests of the 1960’s Security Treaty, the largest of the postwar era, lasted only about a month. Indeed, even the May 1968 Paris protests lasted less than two months. Since 3.11, in the face of a series of autonomous popular protests (that is, protests that are not dependent upon the institutional structure of corporate unions or political parties) have lasted almost a year, going back to September 2011. To Oguma, this is evidence that we are witnessing a transformation away from indifference or hopelessness to engagement and investment.
With what he called the ‘Ancien Régime’, (complete with scattered references to the chaotic attempts to preserve aristocratic privilege) or the ‘political-bureaucratic-business complex’ (with echoes of the “military-industrial complex”?), two images that point to the possibility of overthrow through popular resistance, Oguma resituates these post 3.11 events beyond Japan, thereby providing an important point of reference but also perhaps the start of a template of action for what he calls new social movements.
Oguma’s argument that Japan is becoming an “ordinary nation” comes from the observation that any other nation, facing these sorts of crises— of economic stagnation, political indifference, and now crisis mismanagement— would lose faith, trust, and be forced to act. In fact, he points out that it would be a “weirder situation” if the Japanese people retained faith in politics as usual in the face of crisis. DHS
In a country long considered lacking a culture of protest, thousands of people are gathering every Friday night in Tokyo's Nagatacho political district to protest nuclear energy and the government’s decision to restart reactors.
July 16, 2012 demonstration in Tokyo’s Hibiya Park. Organizers estimated that 170,000 people participated
Question: It had been said that people just do not demonstrate in Japan. Now, however, a large number of people are participating. What did you notice about the demonstrations being held near the Prime Minister's Official Residence?
Oguma: While there are young people, senior citizens and couples with their children, there are also many in their 30s and 40s who happen to be men not wearing suits and women without children.
About a decade or so ago, that would have been the age bracket that would be least likely to take part in demonstrations because they would be either working at a company or busy taking care of their children.
I believe the shift is a reflection of structural changes in industry and society that has seen an increase in those working in non-regular jobs as well as a greater tendency to have fewer children and marry later in life.
Q:Protest organizers have said that more than 100,000 people are attending each protest.Why do you think that is so?
A:With dissatisfaction and distrust of politicians having accumulated over 20 years of economic stagnation, the distrust of government reached criticality after the accident at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant and the decision to resume operations at the Oi nuclear power plant in Fukui Prefecture.
If nothing had happened even after such developments, that would have been an even weirder situation. That is accepted wisdom in the international community.
Foreigners who looked like they worked at foreign embassies as well as foreign media came to observe the demonstrations. It would be no surprise if they saw the confrontation as one between "an Asian democracy movement" and "an insensitive authoritarian state."
The reason such a large demonstration did not occur over the past few decades is because, on the one hand, people had never seen or taken part in demonstrations and because, on the other hand, people's lives and jobs were stable.
Even today, the least sensitive are those with stable jobs and college students. Looking at the types of people who are organizing the latest protests, they are a 25-year-old providing care to the elderly and a 31-year-old who works in interior decoration. Because they feel something through the course of their daily lives, they likely believe they cannot allow the political and business worlds to continue acting in the way they have.
Q: What are the differences in the mood with the period in 1968, when student protests were much more prominent?
A: The 1960 protests against the Japan-U.S. Security Treaty were centered on organized labor and college students. In 1968, it was fundamentally only college students. That was a time when college students were the only ones with free time, outside of those mobilized by organizations.
Now, however, there has been a large increase in those with more freedom to act because of the nature of their jobs and working hours. Of course, that freedom also has the double meaning pointed out by Karl Marx, that people who have such freedom also have the freedom to die from starvation.
The Security Treaty protest was settled after the government came out with an income-doubling plan. In 1968, the economy was still expanding so the protests ended after the students found jobs in companies.
Now, the government cannot come up with an income-doubling plan, and those at the center of the demonstrations are not college students who would leave once they graduated.
A: There is, of course, the nuclear accident and fears about radiation.Anger is also intense because the people feel that politicians are ignoring them.
Some people may feel, "It was enjoyable once I tried it." With so many people of similar opinions gathering together, there is also an attraction in being able to meet with acquaintances for the first time in a while or to shake hands with total strangers.
A: In the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations in the United States, many protesters had high educational backgrounds but were working in non-regular jobs. When they thought about who was responsible for putting them in the position they were in, their anger became directed at Wall Street and Washington, or, in other words, the financial elite and government.
In Egypt, there were many young people with high educational backgrounds and with Facebook skills, but with no jobs. Their anger was directed at the Hosni Mubarak regime.
What was it in Japan? It was not the prime minister, nor those who lived and worked in the Roppongi Hills area.
With the nuclear accident, it became increasingly clear there was a political-bureaucratic-business complex in play.People looked at those in the complex as making decisions while ignoring the general public, as not having any intention to protect the public's safety and as having gained vested interests through their insider status.
I believe behind the protests against resuming the Oi plant operations are a protest against the entire current state of Japan.
Q: What do you think about the comment attributed to Prime Minister Noda Yoshihiko, who complained the protesters were making a loud racket?
A: I recalled the diary of Louis XVI during the French Revolution. On the day a mob attacked the Bastille, the king wrote in his diary that nothing happened. Because he went hunting almost daily, the entry meant that he didn’t catch anything. There was no recognition that society was being shaken from its very roots.
When politicians and reporters in the political news sections of major newspapers work in a sort of village society, they are unaware of what is occurring in the outside world. They begin to feel that an issue cannot be a major problem as long as it does not affect that village society. Or they may look at everything through the filter of that village society by, for example, saying something was instigated by those close to Ozawa Ichiro or someone else.
That form of politics and political reporting is a characteristic of what has transpired since the 1970s.
A: Before 1970, if there was a major demonstration in front of the Diet, there would have been a response that it represented a "communist threat" or "a crisis of the state."
However, from about the mid-1970s, when the political world became much more stable, it became possible to understand all about politics by simply pursuing faction leaders of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party. That was because the social system was almost like the one in which approval of the faction leader meant that the LDP, the Diet, the local assembly members and even the neighborhood associations and labor unions further below would also give their approval.
Although only men were active members of all those groups, everyone felt that women would vote according to what their husbands told them to do.
That social structure has completely changed. Under that old system, only about 30 percent of the population would be covered. Methods used in the past no longer apply with more than half of the population having no party loyalty.
Those in the higher ranks of the ancient regime, namely the political-bureaucratic-business complex and major media organizations, are the ones who least understand that change.
A: It is because the social system that was built up since the end of World War II has reached its limits.
That system was led by the manufacturing and exporting sector, with regular male company employees providing for their families through stable jobs and the central government handing out subsidies and public works projects to local governments.
While some people may hold nostalgia for such a framework, there is no way of going back to such a system.
Between 1998 and 2008, the public works project budget was cut in half due to fiscal problems. The large number of municipal mergers in the Heisei Era (1989-present) led to a major decrease in the number of local assembly members.
A simple way of explaining why the LDP government was toppled is because it could no longer distribute money. Although the Democratic Party of Japan took over, nothing changed.
Q: Is it possible that the framework for representative democracy no longer matches the needs of the times?
But looking at the process by which Oi plant operations were resumed, I believe there are other issues. I never thought the government would bungle things so badly. I can only think that it has lost all ability to deal with reality.
It would have been a different matter if the government had publicized everything about the actual situation and then presented a specific timeline for moving away from nuclear energy, deciding which reactors would be decommissioned and allowing only those that passed strict appraisals to resume operations.
However, not even that was possible due to resistance from some business sectors. That led to increased distrust of the overall system.
A favorable interpretation of the decision to resume operations might have the following logic: Unless restarts were carried out, electric power companies would record losses one after another and a financial depression might be triggered if banks could not collect on loans made to electric power companies.
However, we do not know if the entire Japanese economy would fall into a crisis. The matter might be resolved if Tokyo Electric Power Co. and the banks took responsibility for management and investment mistakes. At the very least, the argument about an electricity shortage is not convincing because there is sufficient electricity in all of Japan by having only two nuclear reactors of Kansai Electric Power Co. in operation.
There is the sense that those taking part in the demonstrations no longer want lawmakers to represent them.
There are many people who feel about lawmakers, "If you want to come here, you should come on your own."
Q: Is it not dangerous to have a situation in which various social organizations and frameworks have lost the people's trust?
Whether that represents a dangerous situation or an opportunity for change will depend on the response that is made.
There is no way of returning to a society in which everyone is a member of the middle class. But I do not believe there is anyone who knows in what way society will change.
Q: Many people feel there is no political party they can vote for. In what direction will unaffiliated voters move?
People are beginning to feel that member companies of Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) are only concerned about profits for their own companies.
Media organizations have become insensitive to an extent that people are beginning to suspect some form of censorship. That is why more people are turning to the Internet.
When jobs, families and politics become unstable and traditional parties are unable to gain votes, a common phenomenon found in advanced nations is for populists to garner support. At the same time, another common trend is for new forces to gain support, such as the Greens in Germany.
Since April 2011, I have participated in some form of demonstration on several occasions every month. While the organizers and locations have changed, it has continued much longer than I expected and it has gone beyond a temporary boom.
In the 1960 Security Treaty protest, the height of activity only lasted for about a month. The May 1968 revolution in Paris only lasted about two months. A boom would not last for more than six months. Even if the situation in front of the Prime Minister's Official Residence should be settled, I think other protests will take place somewhere else.
If one person decides to join a free participation demonstration, there are likely 100 people in the background. Politicians would have to think about the meaning of having 100,000 people gather in Tokyo alone.
It is a good thing for democracy to become a society in which demonstrations are possible and if there are more people who hold the sense that they can participate in politics.
While one example of trying to suppress such a movement by force occurred in China in 1989, the economy continued to grow there.
If a similar attempt to suppress by force was made in Japan, dissatisfaction would emerge elsewhere in a different form.
The third postwar era that followed was one of being unable to retreat from a framework that had been constructed during the era of high economic growth and trying to forcibly maintain it by distributing more money. I believe we have reached the limits of that last era.
During the 1970s and 1980s, Japan was unique because with the economy strong, jobs stable, and social movements stagnant, the political world could afford to be a third-rate one in which the only concern was factional struggle. That was a time when Japan was considered a strange place.
Now, all those factors no longer exist. Unemployment has increased, economic disparity has widened and social movements have emerged.
Q: For the sector of the population with more free time, the most important value is no longer money. I feel a change. Can that be considered hope?
A: Over the past year or so, I have met many people who are engaged in various new activities. I am amazed at what they do. While they are competent and intelligent, their lives are unstable because their income levels are low. Despite that, there are many who continue to be active in providing support to disaster victims or protesting the government.
I believe a society that cannot adequately take advantage of the voices and abilities of such people is not a good one.
Oguma Eiji is professor of Policy Management, Keio University and an historical sociologist. His book, A Genealogy of ‘Japanese’ Self-Imagesis a translation of Tan'itsu minzoku shinwa no kigen (The origin of the myth of Japanese as a homogeneous ethnic group), which won the Suntory Culture Award. He is coeditor with Kang Sangjung of Zainichi issei no kioku (Memories of the First Generation of Koreans in Japan) 在日一世の記憶 / 小熊英二, 姜尚中編.
David H. Slater is an Associate Professor of Cultural Anthropology at Sophia University, Tokyo, whose work involves youth culture, social class and urban space. He is the co-editor with Ishida Hiroshi of Social Class in Contemporary Japan: Structures, Sorting and Strategies. Since 3/11, he has been doing the ethnography of disaster and relief in Tohoku, and was the Guest Editor of Hot Spots: 3.11 Politics in Disaster Japan: Fear and Anger, Possibility and Hope, in Cultural Anthropology (2010) <link>
Recommended citation: Oguma Eiji with an introduction by David H. Slater, "From a Dysfunctional Japanese-Style Industrialized Society to an 'Ordinary Nation'?," The Asia-Pacific Journal, Vol 10, Issue 31, No. 2, July 30, 2012.
•David H. Slater, Nishimura Keiko, and Love Kindstrand, Social Media, Information and Political Activism in Japan’s 3.11 Crisis
•Maeda Arata and Satoko Oka Norimatsu, Amid Invisible Terror: The Righteous Anger of A Fukushima Farmer Poet
, Ice Cream Sandwich (4.0.3–4.0.4), Jelly Bean(4.1–4.3.1), KitKat (4.4–4.4.4), Lollipop (5.0–5.0.2) ,Marshmallow (6.0 – 6.0.1),Nougat (7.0–7.1.1), Oreo (8.0-8.1)
GEM’s orbital action sands, polishes and finishes with a motion like that of the human hand! Sands equally well and uniformly on solid surface and wood products.
The GEM Orbital comes with a Hookit fastening system for use with Micron Paper, Trizact™ and Finishing Pads.
This heavy duty machine runs at 1700 “orbits” per minute without the possibility of creating the swirl marks associated with high-speed rotary buffers. Smooth, hand-polish action safeguards against surface damage. GEM’s counter weight system is well balanced and smooth running, so you can guide the sander over the surface and let the 18 lbs. of weight do the work for you.
An app to easily create eye-catching posts that help you or your business stand out on social media.
J. Warner Wallace's summarizes the cumulative case for God's existence and describes the role diversity plays in establishing the strength of an inference.
We should have relationships with all kinds of people, but no one should make us happier than our friends who find their greatest delight in Jesus.
55+ people are dead and 400+ are wounded. When a mass shooting in Las Vegas happens, a lot of people don’t know where to turn. A lot of people don’t know what to say or what to do. Why do these things keep happening to us? Is there anything we can do?
Unless we have God as an absolute foundation to define morality, then our sense of moral outrage amounts to nothing more than electrochemical reactions in our brains.
God's power is amazing. Since God is all-powerful, we must worship Him in Spirit and in Truth. Great tings happen when we do.
By itself the Great Commission does not explicitly state that one is to use apologetics in evangelism. Jesus said, “Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all that I have commanded you.” Imagine for a moment that this was where the New Testament writings concluded. Christians and non-Christians alike would be left with a significant amount of speculation as to the role apologetics plays in evangelism. Thankfully, we were not left with an abrupt end to the story of the Christian church and its expansion. For example, the Apostle Paul, in Acts 17:16-34 , not only reasoned in the synagogues, but also in the marketplace. Furthermore, Paul is also found preaching to the “Men of Athens” and quotes from Aratus’s poem “Phainomena” ( Acts 17:28 ). Paul is not talking to believers only, but to “all people” who God “commands . . . to repent” ( Acts 17:30 ). Now former Christians may not accept the Bible as true, but they at least have to accept that Christians believe it to be true, and thus a proper understanding of apologetics is intended not only for the disciple but also for the believer.
Whether an enlightened Islam can emerge remains to be seen. What is clear is that imans or intellectuals who advocate a modern Islam are a marginal phenomenon in Muslim countries and often face death threats. At the same time, Islam benefits from European values and rights such as religious freedom and tolerance, which help it spread without having to adopt those same fundamental rights itself. Europe is under the illusion that the Muslim mases pouring into the continent are peaceable and tolerant. By contrast, Saudi Arabia and Qatar won’t take any refuges even though they share the same religion, language, and culture — precisely because they fear unrest and terror.
1.e. Politicians and public figures are fundamentally like all other human beings and have the same basic responses to tragedy. This is true no matter their position on controversial issues of policy (say, gun control). So it is no surprise that they respond immediately, like the rest of us do, with familiar words and phrases that express their human solidarity with those who suffer. Even the most accomplished speechwriters will take hours or days to come up with words adequate to great suffering. No human being, even the most articulate, can offer adequate words in the first moments after terrible news. To demonstrate that level of rhetorical fluency would in fact be to demonstrate an inhuman lack of empathy. Inarticulacy is the proper, empathic immediate response to tragedy.
There are those within the church who are critical of Christian apologetics who point out its limitations. They will argue that presenting an apologetic for Christianity will not result in the person becoming a Christian. It is argued that people become followers of Jesus only by the calling of the Holy Spirit. Therefore apologetic arguments are not required. I will agree with this on one condition: I want those same people to agree that no one will become a Christian as a result of preaching, evangelism, missionary activity, prayer, Bible reading or any other human activity. If they will agree with this, then I will agree with them. I do believe that people become Christians by a work of the Holy Spirit. And I also believe that God uses preaching and evangelism and all the other things, including apologetics, in the process of calling that person.
Yes, you can get a refund as long as your request for a refund comes within five days of your cancelling the membership. To cancel your membership, access your account profile on Bible Gateway and follow the appropriate prompts. Then, send an email to plus@biblegateway.com requesting a refund.
The demand for evidence can seem like reasonable request, but it can also serve as a smokescreen for those who are unwilling to believe. For example, developmental biologist Lewis Wolpert stated he rejected God fairly early in his life because he could find no evidence for God at all. In a radio show where he debated intelligent design with William Dembski, Wolpert said over and over again there is nothing he could see by studying the molecular machinery required for living cells to function that could serve as evidence for any kind of intelligence. Dembski asked "Is there nothing that biological systems can exhibit that would point you to a designer?" Wolpert emphatically replied, "Absolutely nothing, absolutely nothing." 2 This corresponded with his previous statement that "What we know about biology can all be explained in terms of the behaviors of cells."3
M ost Monday evenings for the past two years, Naomi Ruth Jackson has ridden her 22-speed bike uphill or caught a bus after work to Westover Hills Church of Christ in Austin, Texas. She meets there with around 450 women for a Bible Study Fellowship class. The 30-year-old is not the lay-focused ministry’s typical participant, having majored in Bible and theology in college. Her own church offers only unstructured Bible study, and her job as a medical records clerk grants her few occasions to re-engage her skills in scriptural interpretation.
At this point, we also know very little about the 59 he murdered — each life an unexpected and unsearchable tragedy. We haven’t yet met the spouses, the children, the loved ones left behind. We do not know them, and the extent of their heartache, but our hearts break for them as we feel just a faint part of their pain. We pray for God to deliver the comfort, healing, and hope each of them so desperately needs now, most likely in ways they’ve never needed before. We pray that heaven would fall on Las Vegas.
Modern culture esteems science as the preeminent means of understanding the world. If something cannot be established by science, then, according to many, it is either unknowable or simply a matter of personal faith.
Call me gloom and doom, but I had my funeral planned by Friday night. That left two days to see everything in a different light. It was sort of an out-of-body experience, but in the best way. I was so affectionate toward my husband, I snuggled longer with my children, I seemed to know instinctively what not to care about, and all that was left was the pure enjoyment of the sweetness of life and love. At night I would tell God all my fears, and let his Spirit comfort me. I can’t tell you how good that was for me.
My attitude towards spiritual gifts has fallen far short of earnest and eager. In fact, Scripture goes further and asks me about how much I am committed to corporate edification. Spiritual gifts or manifestations of the Spirit are for “building up the church” (1 Corinthians 14:12). The great Love Chapter (1 Corinthians 13) controls the application of spiritual gifts (1 Corinthians 14). This issue is not just an attitude check, but a love test. Will I love my people enough to move from extreme caution to earnest desire? What motivates me more? Do I fear losing a measure of corporate control, or does love move me to desire greater heights of corporate edification?
The goal of Christian Bible reading is simple. When you read, you should be trying to find what the inspired author intended to communicate by what he wrote. We might call it the Golden Rule of Bible Reading: do unto the biblical authors as you would have them do unto you. Our goal in Bible reading is not always easy to achieve, but it is straightforward. What did the author of this verse — or this chapter, or book — intend to communicate to his audience?
But the cheap sex that Hefner envisioned is more costly than we realize. The little lives lost, the marriages destroyed, and the men enslaved to pornography in the wake of Hefner’s revolution prove it.
I am a recent convert to Christianity, up until about 2 months ago I was a nihilistic atheist. Because of being an atheist most of my life, the majority of my friends are also atheist and are very eager to tell me how wrong I am about God using the writings of Hitchens, Dawkins, etc. It's because of you, Alvin Plantinga, Frank Turek, John Lennox, Ravi Zecharias and some C S Lewis that I've started to realize that Christianity might be true.
A key difference between BioLogos and intelligent design is BioLogos’s view that design cannot, in principle, be scientifically detected in nature, or that design could be scientifically detected, but isn’t. BioLogos believes the evolutionary “consensus” should not be questioned, and maintains nonexperts should defer to the consensus. They fear that when Christians challenge the consensus, this produces “anti-science attitudes” that “hinder evangelism.” BioLogos defends the consensus, despite recent scientific discoveries affecting theories regarding the origin of life, neo-Darwinian evolution, common ancestry, and junk DNA, which contradict the consensus. Fearing the “god of the gaps” fallacy, BioLogos eschews arguments for faith that defy the consensus and argues the consensus is consistent with Christianity. This might prevent some Christians from becoming atheists, but it gives atheists essentially no intellectual reasons to become Christians.
There is little doubt that the tactics for evolutionary indoctrination will continue to evolve. We should expect nothing less from the secularists; they’re simply acting in accord with their worldview. But as they do, it becomes all the more urgent that we have prepared and equipped ourselves and loved ones to defend the faith, answering the skeptical questions of this age by standing unashamedly on the authority of God’s Word. Then we’ll be able to distinguish truth from fiction, no matter the quality of CGI or documentary persuasion, and be ready to give answers with the ultimate purpose of sharing the Answer—Jesus Christ!
On September 16, 2017, Tyndale was pleased to have Dr. Dennis Ngien, the Founder of the Centre for Mentorship and Theological Reflection, host the 500th Anniversary of the Reformation. We were honoured to have Dr. Alister McGrath (Andreas Idreos Professor of Science and Religion and Director of Ian Ramsey Centre for Science and Religion at the University of Oxford) speaking alongside our very own Dr. Victor Shepherd (Professor of Theology at Tyndale) and Dr. Dennis Ngien (Professor of Systematic Theology). Tyndale’s Chapel was filled with guests eager to hear from these respected scholars. Speakers reflected on topics that included Luther’s Reformation historically and how it pertains to our modern day. In this historic year, we celebrate a time of profound transformation in church history and mark this occasion with our brothers and sisters around the world.
The Focus on the Family Broadcast provides daily encouragement that helps families thrive each day. For 40 years running, one half-hour at a time, Focus on the Family has shared meaningful advice across the nation. The broadcast has become one of today’s most recognized Christian radio programs and continues to grow in exciting ways with Focus President Jim Daly and co-host John Fuller.
Yes, my kids need to know defending the Bible will cause them to clash with a culture that despises it, but it may also bring them into collision with many within the church. I want them to know that to be a Christian is to be a revolutionary, that good people disagree at key points, and that issues such as baptism and the Lord’s Supper—which many evangelicals regard as matters indifferent—are anything but matters indifferent. The Reformers certainly didn’t think so, and many of my Baptist forebears paid for dissenting opinions with their lives.
Security Check This is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.
But what we do not know today is what we did not know yesterday, and the vexing thing is that we may never know. The one question being asked over and over again by law enforcement authorities, by those in the media and by everyday Americans and others around the world is why. That raises a question I was asked yesterday from the media. The question is this: why is an answer concerning motivation so important to us? And this from a Christian worldview perspective underlines something about what it means that we are indeed moral creatures. We are also rational creatures. This is a part of what it means to be made in God’s image. As rational creatures we want to know a rational reason or at least some motivation we can rationally understand, whereby someone would undertake such a murderous rampage.
Charles Mully took Jesus' words to heart and it changed his life ... and the lives of thousands more. #MullyMovie http://bit.ly/TWt2MULLYfotf pic.twitter.com/1a4P9I2Npz
Do you want to thrive in every circumstance? In the Bible, Daniel and his friends rose to top positions of leadership because they were unshakeable in their faith even though they were surrounded by a corrupt culture. Today, the world’s value system increasingly drifts further from God. To thrive, no matter what, you need to dive into scripture and learn how to be unshakable in your faith.
Second, Instagram offers users a way of preserving and celebrating ephemeral moments of life. As the wonderful fiction writer Eudora Welty once said, “A good snapshot keeps a moment from running away,” and this is exactly the function Instagram serves. A cup of hot coffee, a son or daughter running through a sprinkler, a ladybug crawling over a leaf, Instagram thrives off the capturing and sharing of the ephemera of our daily lives. No other platform available to us online allows the circulation of this type of moment so effectively. While on the one hand, Instagram is a place where superficial values can thrive, it is also a place where simple beauty can be admired. As the great essayist G. K. Chesterton wrote, “Man is more himself, man is more manlike, when joy is the fundamental thing in him, and grief the superficial. Melancholy should be an innocent interlude, a tender and fugitive frame of mind; praise should be the permanent pulsation of the soul.” If we keep this in mind, the type of images we share can draw attention to the loveliness or curiosity of life in its simplicity rather than promoting a striving for a life that is different or more materially rich.
You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more
So, if you once repeated a promise to yourself ten times in the morning and could remember it easily all during the day in any situation, you might need to repeat it twenty or thirty times to achieve the same effect. This will change over time. Know yourself. I could run eight-minute miles when I was in my thirties. Today I can only run twelve-minute miles. (Which most people would not call running!) It takes longer. It hurts more. It leaves me more tired. All because I am forty years older. So why do it? Same reason I’ve run for fifty years. I don’t want to be depressed, I don’t want to be fat, and I don’t want to be dead (yet).
Support our videos on Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/user?u=3615911 Here's Episode 12 of "Answering Islam," where David Wood answers the question: "What Does the Quran Say about the Bible?" For the rest of the videos in this series, visit this playlist: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDsMn...
We had a 22 year old seeker come to our Bible study last week and we just poised the question to everyone is there anything in the Bible you struggle with? He answered the whole hell thing. Someone proceeded to give a textbook answer and I could tell by his face it was not what he wanted to hear and seemed wounded in some way. I finally asked him why he asked the question in the first place, was he concerned about past loved ones and what was his perception of it. He admitted that part of that was his concern but trying to figure out how it could be loving for God to send anyone to hell. We need to ask more questions to really understand why someone asks a question. I also validated his concerns telling him that I also struggled with that same issue as many do. So it led to what is love how people make choices and possibilities of how God can communicate to all of us. He is coming back!! We need to listen more, validate feelings, gain trust and then speak the truth in love.
The second thing I want to say about the older generation (my generation perhaps) is that many parents today who did marry quite early would still counsel young people today not to pair off in dating relationships during high school. In other words, it doesn’t follow that because godly people you know married early, that dating early is a good idea. That needs to be decided on other grounds. Whether you see dating at age fifteen, sixteen, or seventeen as wise will depend partly on your view of sexual relations, partly on your view of the meaning of dating, and partly on your view of the relative maturity of teenagers. I think the Bible settles the question of sexual relations for us clearly — namely, sexual relations are for marriage.
I want to give you a very specific list of 65 apologetics questions every Christian parent needs to learn to answer and discuss with their kids (in age appropriate ways). Of course, any such list is subjective. I created this list based on my own study and experience with engaging in these topics, with a special emphasis on the issues challenging young adults today.
If there were no afflictions and difficulties and troubles and pain, our fallen hearts would fall ever more deeply in love with the comforts and securities and pleasures of this world instead of falling more deeply in love with our inheritance beyond this world, namely, God himself. Suffering is appointed for us in this life as a great mercy to keep us from loving this world more than we should and to make us rely on God who raises the dead. “Through many tribulations we must enter the kingdom of God” (Acts 14:22).
More than three hundred years before Martin Luther was born, an unlikely reformer suddenly appeared in the city of Lyon in southeast France. His protests against doctrines and practices of the Roman Catholic Church were strong tremors foretelling the coming spiritual earthquake called the Reformation. And the movement he launched survived to join the great Reformation. He is known to history as Peter Waldo.
Man’s heart is an idol factory, and it took an entire revolution to slow its gears. Preachers had to be trained and sent out, evangelists had to take up the call, missionaries had to sail across dark seas to unknown lands, translators had to bring Scripture into the vernacular of the people, and healthy local churches had to grow so they could serve in this war. Every believer had to resist the idol factory of their heart by filling their hearts with Christ and nourishing themselves with robust knowledge of who God has revealed himself to be in Scripture.
What is the cause of the origin of the universe? Perhaps every thinking person has pondered this question at some point. The natural universe (which includes the properties of space, time, matter, and energy) came into being at the cosmological event known as the Big Bang. Because it is a logical absurdity to suggest that something can cause itself, the cause of the universe must necessarily be spaceless, timeless, immaterial, and energy-less. Indeed, it would every bit as absurd to suggest that a person could give birth to himself as it would be to suggest that something within the natural universe could be the cause of the natural universe.
Warren Cole Smith sits down with #BrettMcCracken who is an important voice especially among younger #evangelicals . http://bit.ly/2xfQe1z pic.twitter.com/YggPJw4Wj5
My heart is broken with those who are hurting from the tragic shooting here in Las Vegas. Please join me in praying for this city and all of the people affected. For all of those hurting, we will have a team waiting in the lobby at @CentralHenderson at 8AM willing to pray with anyone that is in need of comfort and one-on-one prayer. There will also be phone lines available for those that would like to receive prayer by phone. You can call 702-735-4004. Me and the entire @centralonline family are praying and know that God will move in the midst of this.
This week, the spiritual resilience of country music is on full display. Although many an artistic community could speak back to itself in the wake of a horrific tragedy like this one, I would argue that not all of them could have done it with soul-moving songs like “Go Rest High on That Mountain,” which Vince Gill sang at Monday’s vigil. Not all of them could have produced a Maren Morris, who sings cheekily about how church for her consists of listening to Johnny Cash and Hank Williams on the car radio, but who’s also capable of writing this:
In American politics, it takes an enormous amount of money to win campaigns, and the rise of the “Super PACs” is allowing the wealthy to exert even more influence over the political process than they did before. When you examine the results of federal elections over the past several decades, you quickly discover that the candidate that raises the most money almost always wins. Wealthy individuals are limited by law as to how much money they can give directly to a political campaign, but there are no limits on how much money they can give to Super PACs. During the 2012 election season, some of these Super PACs actually have more money than the campaigns of the candidates that they support do. Buying the vote is not illegal in America, and these Super PACs are buying huge amounts of advertising in key states. Unfortunately, most Americans have never learned to think for themselves. Instead, they let the television do much of their thinking for them. If their trusted friend, the television, tells them to vote a certain way, then that is what they are likely to do. Super PACs are much more likely to run negative ads than the actual candidates are, and we have already seen very negative ads dramatically move the poll numbers in some of the states. Sadly, as long as very negative ads keep working people are going to keep using them.
Super PACs are supposed to be completely and totally “independent” of the campaigns that they support, but the reality is that many of these Super PACs are run and staffed by former top aides of the candidates.
Some of the candidates are relying on the Super PACs to be the “attack dogs” while they sit back and try to maintain a more “positive” image. If a Super PAC goes too far, a candidate can simply claim that he does not have any control over that Super PAC.
If money did not influence elections, then people would stop giving so much of it to the campaigns and to the Super PACs. The truth is that money does influence elections, and when wealthy individuals and big corporations are allowed to pour millions upon millions of dollars into these Super PACs it gives them a much, much larger say in the outcome of our elections than you and I have.
When Mitt Romney stated that he was “not concerned about the very poor“, he may have misspoke, but there was some truth to what he was saying. Mitt Romney and the other candidates don’t need the poor. What they need is to keep the flow of money coming from the rich so that they can buy the votes of the poor.
When you have a very high percentage of “sheeple” in a society, the hearts and minds of the people can be bought. Our horrific education system has dumbed-down the general population, and most Americans spend their days in an entertainment-induced haze. Critical thinking is in short supply in the United States today, and most Americans are more than happy to have someone else tell them what to think.
#1 Sheldon Adelson and members of his family have already given more than $10 million to Winning Our Future – the Super PAC that is promoting Newt Gingrich.
$10 million dollars sounds like a lot of money, but a recent CNN article put these donations into perspective….
Recent estimates peg his net worth at around $20 billion. That means his $10 million donation was exactly one twentieth of one percent of his net worth. Yes, 0.05%.
#2 Texas businessman Harold C. Simmons has given more than $14 million to Republican Super PACs during this election season.
#3 Overall, well over $50 million has been spent by Super PACs so far and we have not even gotten to the general election yet.
#4 The Red, White And Blue Fund, a Super PAC that supports Rick Santorum, has raised at least 2.8 million dollars so far.
#5 Winning Our Future (the Newt Gingrich Super PAC) has raised at least 13.1 million dollars so far.
#6 American Crossroads, a super PAC that boasts Karl Rove as a senior adviser, has raised at least 23.4 million dollars so far.
#7 Restore Our Future, a super PAC that was created by former aides of Mitt Romney, has raised at least 36.8 million dollars so far.
#8 In January, Mitt Romney’s campaign raised 6.54 million dollars. Restore Our Future raised even more than that – 6.62 million dollars.
#9 The four Republican presidential candidates raised a total of more than 21 million dollars in January. Their Super PACs raised a total of more than 22 million dollars.
#10 Donations from New York, Washington D.C., Massachusetts, California and Texas make up 2 out of every 3 dollars raised by the Super PACs.
#11 During the race for the Republican nomination, 27 percent of all the ads run by the Republican candidates have been negative. Conversely, about 75 percent of all the ads run by the Super PACs have been negative.
#12 The Federal Election Commission is projecting that a total of 11 billion dollars will be spent on political campaigns during the 2012 election season.
Right now, Mitt Romney has raised far more money than the other Republican candidates have an his Super PAC has raised far more money than the other Republican Super PACs have.
It doesn’t really matter that he is just a slightly more experienced version of Barack Obama. He has the money, he has the support of the establishment, and the mainstream media is telling Americans that he is the person that the “red team” is supposed to vote for.
Yes, there is always the chance that Romney could fall apart and that the Republican establishment would be forced to find another option. Miracles do happen.
But remember, the candidate that raises the most money almost always wins. The following is from Politifact….
In congressional races in 2010, the candidate who spent the most won 85 percent of the House races and 83 percent of the Senate races, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. That’s a large percentage, but it’s lower than what the sign indicated.
Indeed, the percentage for 2010 was lower than it had been in recent election cycles. The center found that in 2008, the biggest spenders won 93 percent of House races and 86 percent of Senate races. In 2006, the top spenders won 94 percent of House races and 73 percent of Senate races. And in 2004, 98 percent of House seats went to candidates who spent the most, as did 88 percent of Senate seats.
If you think that most Americans are going to sit down and critically assess the political positions of these candidates before deciding who to vote for you are being delusional.
Are we witnessing the birth of another new political party in the United States? The election of Barack Obama was the spark which fueled the rise of the Tea Party back in 2009, and since that time the Tea Party has become a major league force inside the Republican Party. Now the Occupy Wall Street movement is rapidly becoming more organized and many believe that “The People’s Party” is going to be to the Democrats what the Tea Party is to the Republicans. Others believe that “The People’s Party” could accomplish what a lot of organizations in the past have tried and failed to do – launch a third political party which could successfully break the stranglehold that the “two party system” has on American politics. It would certainly not be an easy thing to do, but there can be no doubt that Occupy Wall Street is now a major political force in America. The Occupy Wall Street movement has spread to 100 cities inside the United States and to nearly 1000 cities around the world. Certainly as the weather gets colder the protests will die down, but there are an increasing number of signs that Occupy Wall Street is becoming very organized and that it plans to be a major political force for years to come.
To get an idea of what is going on around the world right now, just check out this video. The Occupy Wall Street movement has become a lightning rod for the frustrations of millions of young people around the globe. A number of these protests have been going on for weeks, and there are no signs that they will be ending any time soon.
Well, just like the Tea Party in the early days, it really is hard to make generalized sweeping statements about this movement.
But the “official” website of Occupy Wall Street has now endorsed a “plan of action“. The plan calls for Occupy Wall Street to hold a National General Assembly which is to be attended by 870 elected delegates in Philadelphia on July 4, 2012.
This “national convention” would draft a “Petition of Grievances” to present to the newly elected government in November.
If the federal government does not address the demands of the Occupy Wall Street movement adequately, they would then “organize a third independent political party to run candidates in the 2014 mid-term elections”.
1. The Occupy Wall Street movement, through the local General Assemblies, should elect an Executive Committee for each city comprised of 11 People or some other odd number of People that is manageable for meetings. Ideally this committee should represent each city in the U.S. that is being occupied. These Executive Committees will act as the original “Committees of Correspondence” did 235 years ago prior to the first American Revolution.
2. The Executive Committee will then tend to local issues such as obtaining permits, paying for public sanitation and dealing with the media. More importantly, the Executive Committees shall plan and organize the election of the 870 Delegates to a National General Assembly, as set forth in the 99% Declaration between now and July 4, 2012.
3. As stated in the 99% Declaration, each of the 435 congressional districts will form an election committee to prepare ballots and invite United States citizens in those districts to run as delegates to a National General Assembly in Philadelphia beginning on July 4, 2012 and convening until October 2012.
4. Each of the 435 congressional districts will elect one man and one woman to attend the National General Assembly in Philadelphia. The vote will be by direct democratic ballot regardless of voter registration status as long as the voter has reached the age of 18 and is a United States citizen. This is not a sexist provision; the drafting committee believes that women are dramatically under-represented in politics even though they comprise more than 50% of the population.
5. The Executive Committees will act as a central point to solve problems, raise money to pay for the expenses of the election of the National General Assembly and ensure that all 870 Delegates are elected prior to the meeting on July 4th.
6. The Executive Committees will arrange for a venue in Philadelphia to accommodate the Delegates attending the National General Assembly where the Petition of Grievances will be proposed, debated, voted on and approved. The Delegates will form committees, elect a chair from their own ranks to run the meetings of the National General Assembly and break any tie votes.
7. The final 99% Declaration and Petition of Grievances, after being voted upon by the 870 Delegates to the National General Assembly, will be formally presented by the 870 Delegates to all three branches of government and all candidates running for federal public office in November 2012. Thus, the Delegates would meet from July 4, 2012 to sometime in early to late October 2012 so that the Petition of Grievances may be presented prior to the election.
8. The Delegates to the National General Assembly would then vote on a time period, presently suggested as one year, giving the newly elected government in November an opportunity to redress the Petition of Grievances.
9. If the government fails to redress the petition of grievances and drastically change the path this country is on, the Delegates will organize a third independent political party to run candidates in the 2014 mid-term elections.
10. There will NEVER be any call for violence by the Delegates or anyone connected to this movement. Every Delegate will take a pledge to NEVER take any money, job promise, or gifts from any corporation, unions or any other private source. Any money donated or raised by the Executive Committees may only be used for publicizing the vote, paying for expenses of the local General Assemblies which will continue to meet, the National General Assembly, and for travel expenses and accommodation of the Delegates at the National General Assembly. All books and records will be regularly published openly online so that everyone may see how much money is raised and how the money is spent each month.
Well, a document was recently released that was entitled “The 99 Percent Declaration“. This document puts forth the tentative demands of the Occupy Wall Street movement.
The demands include getting all corporate money out of elections, forcing the wealthy to pay their “fair share” of taxes, Medicare for all American citizens, giving the EPA the power to totally shut down corporations, caps on carbon emissions, reduction of the national debt, student loan debt relief, passage of the Dream Act and reenactment of the Glass-Steagall Act. In essence, what they want are all of the things that the far left thought that Barack Obama would do for them but that he never actually did.
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
WE, THE NINETY-NINE PERCENT OF THE PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, in order to form a more perfect Union, by, for and of the PEOPLE, shall elect and convene a NATIONAL GENERAL ASSEMBLY beginning on July 4, 2012 in the City Of Philadelphia.
The People, consisting of all United States citizens who have reached the age of 18, regardless of party affiliation and voter registration status, shall elect Two Delegates, one male and one female, by direct vote, from each of the existing 435 Congressional Districts to represent the People at the NATIONAL GENERAL ASSEMBLY in Philadelphia convening on July 4, 2012. The office of Delegate shall be open to all United States citizens who have reached the age of 18. Executive Committees, elected by local General Assemblies from all over the United States, shall organize, coordinate and fund this national election by direct democratic voting. The Executive Committees shall operate similarly to the original Committees of Correspondence during the first American Revolution.
At the NATIONAL GENERAL ASSEMBLY, the 870 Delegates shall set forth, consider and vote upon a PETITION OF GRIEVANCES to be submitted to all members of Congress, The Supreme Court and President and each of the political candidates running in the nationwide Congressional and Presidential election in November 2012.
This PETITION OF GRIEVANCES shall be non-partisan and address the critical issues now confronting the People of the United States and will be deliberated and voted upon by the 870 Delegates in consultation with the 99%.
The final version of the PETITION OF GRIEVANCES voted upon by the Delegates of the National General Assembly MAY or MAY NOT include the following issues:
1. Implementing an immediate ban on all private contributions of money and gifts, to all politicians in federal office, from Individuals, Corporations, Political Action Committees, Super Political Action Committees, Lobbyists, Unions and all other private sources of money to be replaced by the fair and equal public financing of all federal political campaigns. We REJECT the concept that money is equal to free speech because if that were so, then only the wealthiest would have a voice. These actions must be taken because it has become clear that politicians in the United States cannot regulate themselves and have become the exclusive representatives of corporations, unions and the very wealthy who spend vast sums of money on political campaigns to influence the candidates’ decisions and ensure their reelection year after year.
2. The immediate reversal of the outrageous and anti-democratic holding in the “Citizens United” case by the Supreme Court, which equates the payment of money by corporations to politicians with free speech.
3. Prohibiting all public officials and their immediate family members, whether elected or appointed from EVER being employed by any corporation they regulate while in office or holding any stock or shares in any corporation they regulate while in office until a full 5 years after their term is completed.
4. A complete lifetime ban on accepting all gifts, services, money, directly or indirectly, to any elected or appointed officials or their immediate family members, from any person, corporation, union or other entity that the public official was charged to regulate while in office.
5. A complete reformation of the United States Tax Code to require ALL citizens to pay a fair share of a progressive, graduated income tax by eliminating loopholes, unfair tax breaks, exemptions and deductions, subsidies (e.g. oil, gas and farm) and ending all other methods of evading taxes. The current system of taxation favors the wealthiest Americans, many of who pay fewer taxes to the United States Treasury than citizens who earn much less and pay a much higher percentage of income in taxes to the United States Treasury.
6. Medicare for all American citizens adjusted by a means test (i.e. citizens who can afford it will opt-out of Medicare and pay their own health insurance or opt-in and pay a means tested Medicare premium). The Medicaid program, fraught with corruption and fraud, will be eliminated except for the purpose of providing emergency room care to indigent non-citizens who will not be covered by Medicare-for-all.
7. New comprehensive regulations to give the Environmental Protection Agency the power to shut down corporations, businesses or another entity that intentionally damages the environment and/or criminally prosecute individuals who intentionally damage the environment. Immediate adoption of the most recent international protocols to cap carbon emissions and new goals to transition away from fossil fuels to reusable or carbon neutral sources of power as soon as possible.
8. Adoption of an immediate plan to reduce the national debt to a sustainable percentage of GDP by 2020. Reduction of the national debt to be achieved by BOTH a cut in spending to corporations engaged in perpetual war for profit, the “healthcare” industry, the pharmaceutical industry and all other sectors that use the federal budget as their income stream AND a truly progressive income tax code that does not allow the wealthy and corporations to evade taxes through excessive deductions, subsidies and loopholes.
9. Passage of a comprehensive job and job-training bill to employ our citizens in jobs that are available with specialized training and by putting People to work tomorrow by repairing America’s crumbling infrastructure. Establishment of an online international job exchange to match employers with skilled workers or employers willing to train workers in 21st century skills.
10. Student loan debt relief. Our young People and students are more than $830 billion in debt from education loans alone. Payment and interest on these debts should be deferred for periods of unemployment and the principal reduced using a corporate tax surcharge and by extending the age to collect social security from 65 to 70.
11. Immediate passage of the Dream Act and comprehensive immigration and border security reform including offering visas, lawful permanent resident status and citizenship to the world’s brightest People to come and work in our industries and schools.
12. Recalling all military personnel at all non-essential bases and refocusing national defense goals to address threats posed by the geopolitics of the 21st century, terrorism and limiting the large scale deployment of military forces to instances where Congressional approval has been granted to counter the Military Industrial Complex’s goal of perpetual war for profit.
13. Mandating new educational goals to train the American public to perform jobs in a 21st Century economy, particularly in the areas of technology and green energy, taking into consideration the redundancy caused by technology and the inexpensive cost of labor in China, India and other countries and paying our teachers a salary that is competitive with the private sector.
14. Subject to the elimination of corporate tax loopholes and exploited exemptions and deductions stated above, offering tax incentives to businesses to reconstruct the manufacturing capacity of the United States and reinstitution of the Works Progress Administration and Civilian Conservation Corps and other emergency governmental agencies required to create new public works projects to provide jobs to the 46 million People living in poverty, the 9.1% unemployed and 10% underemployed.
15. Implementing immediate legislation to encourage China and our other trading partners to end currency manipulation or impose a consumption tax on goods that those countries export to the United States calculated by comparing the fair market value of the currency to the manipulated valuation.
16. Immediate reenactment of the Glass-Steagall Act and increased regulation of Wall Street and the financial industry by the SEC, FINRA and the other financial regulators, and the commencement of a Justice Department criminal investigations into the Securities and Banking industries practices that led to the collapse of markets, $700 billion bail-out, and financial firm failures in 2007-2008.
17. Adoption of President Clinton’s plan to end the mortgage crisis and instead of the Federal Reserve continuing to lower interest rates for loans to banks who are refusing to loan to small businesses and consumers, the Federal Reserve shall buy all underwater or foreclosed mortgages and refinance the these debt at 1% or less to be managed by the newly established Consumer Protection Agency and (foreclosure task force described below) because 1% or less is the interest rate the Federal Reserve loans to the banks directly who hoard the cash rather than loan it to the People and small businesses.
18. An immediate one year freeze on all foreclosures to be reviewed by an independent foreclosure task force appointed by Congress and the Executive Branch to determine, on a case by case basis, whether foreclosure proceedings should continue based on the circumstances of each homeowner.
19. Subject to the above ban on money and gifts in politics, additional campaign finance reform requiring free air time and public campaign finances to all candidates who obtain sufficient petition signatures and/or votes to participate in the primaries and/or electoral process, shortening the campaign season and allow voting on weekends and holidays. Voting must be accessible to all citizens for democracy to work.
20. An immediate withdrawal of all troops from Iraq and Afghanistan and a substantial increase in the amount of funding needed for veteran job placement and the treatment of the physical and emotional injuries sustained by veterans in these wars. Our veterans are committing suicide at an unprecedented rate and we must help now.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVLED that IF the PETITION OF GRIEVANCES approved by the 870 Delegates of the NATIONAL GENERAL ASSEMBLY in consultation with the PEOPLE, are not acted upon and implemented to the satisfaction of the Delegates of the NATIONAL GENERAL ASSEMBLY after presentment of the PETITION OF GRIEVANCES to the government, said Delegates shall begin to organize a THIRD, COMPLETELY NON-PARTISAN INDEPENDENT POLITICAL PARTY to run candidates for every seat in the mid-term election of 2014.
It would be a mistake to underestimate this movement. They have raised nearly $300,000 already, and they are getting millions of dollars worth of free publicity every day. A recent survey conducted by Time Magazine discovered that 54 percent of all Americans have a favorable impression of the Occupy Wall Street protests.
That same poll found that 81 percent of the American people believe that this country is headed in the wrong direction. Millions of Americans are searching for something, and right now Occupy Wall Street is giving them a banner to rally around.
Oddly, the American Nazi Party and Communist Party USA have both endorsed the Occupy Wall Street protests. It appears that these protests have stuck a chord with a lot of diverse groups.
But what is going to happen once winter sets in? Will all of these young people still sleep outside when temperatures dip below zero?
Well, according to the Economic Policy Journal, the organizers have a plan to “move south” for the winter….
The idea is to move Occupation Boston to NYC, as it gets colder. Then move Occupation Wall Street to Washington DC and then down to Florida. At some point, the Occupation would head across the south to California and then head back to the northeast in the Spring.
As the economy continues to crumble, a lot of very angry Americans are going to be looking for some answers.
Yes, wealth and power have become incredibly concentrated in this country. The big banks and the big corporations have accumulated way too much power and way too much money.
But instead of moving from “corporatism” back to a much more pure form of “capitalism” which would give individuals and small businesses more of a chance to compete against the giants, most of the folks associated with Occupy Wall Street just want the government to take lots of money away from the big guys and to give it to them.
That is part of what is wrong with America today. People don’t want to work for what they want. They just want the government to hand it to them.
Yes, the gap between the wealthy and the poor has absolutely exploded in the United States over the last 30 years. Just check out this chart.
But the answer is not to go from one collectivist system (“corporatism”) to another collectivist system.
Rather, the answer is to go back to a much more pure capitalist system. This is what our founders intended. In such a system, the power of the federal government and the power of large corporations would be greatly limited.
Sadly, the American people have become very comfortable with very large concentrations of money and power. They don’t understand that very large concentrations of money and power, whether they be found in government or in the corporate world, are great threats to our freedoms and our liberties.
Unless something dramatic happens, America is going to continue to fall apart and protest movements such as Occupy Wall Street are going to continue to grow.
As the overall economic pie shrinks, Americans are going to fight bitterly over the remaining scraps. This is going to become a very angry nation, and we are going to see some very frightening economic riots in the future.
Hello to all my dear friends. I hope you all had a fabulous week. Mine was a bit soggy but we really needed the rain.
I'm off for the weekend for our annual getaway to New Hampshire. Jenn and I are going to a Women's Herbal Conference. It's so much fun, such a lovely place spending time with other women who love the outdoor life. We stay in cabins, attend classes on herbs and plants and ways to use them in food and their medicinal uses. There will be hikes and music, singing and dancing. Pretty much a celebration of life and re-discovering what Mother Earth has to offer us. It's taking time to stop and smell the roses.
Now on to today's card. Oh gosh I've had this image for such a long time and have never used it. It's my Sugar Nellie called Angel Wishes, isn't she so beautiful? I colored her in with Copic Markers. DP from K&Co called Yuletide. I used a lovely doily die but can't remember who makes it could possibly be Marianne??? Flowers are by Wild Orchids. I used Magnolia's Doohicky heart swirl. Finally enhanced with Flower Soft and Stickles. Notice the cute little Cardinal birdie perched on top of the flowers?
Wow! This looks incredibly gorgeous! So much colour and fab design! You have coloured the image so beautifully. Have a great weekend! Hugs...Mona
Oh hon, this is so cute! Adorable image, and I loove the colors and tekstures you create. I think I`m gonna have to lift one of your pieces some day. ;)
Oh wow this is so beautiful as always, love your cards, thanks for sharing with us at Addicted to Stamps 'Anything Goes' Challenge.
Gosh Totally lovely Bonnie a real festive treat for the eyes! I hope you have a lovely weekend and come back feeling refreshed and fulfilled! Hugs Rebekah xx
so incredibly gorgeous. you are sooo good hun. I know i say it ower and over again,lol. but what can i say when words are not enough.
Hi Bonnie, hope you have a great time at your retreat, sounds very relaxing. Your card is stunning such a gorgeous image and so many beautiful details. Hugs Cheryl
Oh my gosh YES this is gorgeous!!!! You've coloured this BEAUTIFULLY and these colors on here .... wow wow wooowwwww!!!! Bons, this is incredibly STUNNING! Love those dp's too!!!
ps... Have FUN at the retreat! Sounds super cool! Something relaxing and soothing .. totally something I'd love!
Wow - this is stunning!! Love the beautiful rich colours and the details in the flowers and birds etc.
Thanks so much for joining us at WOC for our challenge...unfortunately in order to in the drawing for the prize you can only enter two other challenges. The good news is there is still time to make another card to enter :)
Ooooooooooooo this is absolutely stunning!! Luv those little pieces of glitter around your image. And oh my gosh those flowers with the extra touch of snow on them? Clever!!! I love this card. AND it just so happens, I happen to know that die is a Marianne die cuz I saw it yesterday in a craft store. I grabbed the die right beside it and regret not buying more!! hee hee
Hello my name is Bonnie O'Clair.I am happily married to my very best friend Sean. The picture to the left is not us. hee hee We just celebrated our 28th wedding anniversary in April. We have one daughter Jenn who is also happily married to her very best friend Rick. Together they are raising four children of their own Caila,Ricky,Jameson and Annabelle. I try to spend as much time as I can with my family. They bring such love and joy to my life. I want oodles of grandchildren. Most of my time is spent in my home studio pursuing my passion in creating handmade cards.
Blog Archive April (2) March (7) February (7) January (2) December (1) November (8) October (18) September (40) August (29)
Hey everyone................. Did u know that the soaps that u use might have been tested on animals or may contain animal fat...Yep u hea...
Hi everyone.............. I have a major problem of under eye puffiness.....So for the last few months ive been searching the net for sol...
Hello everyone..... I have slight puffiness and dark circles around my eyes....So i keep on trying different products to try to get rid o...
Hi everyone.......hope ur having a great day...... Sparkles Unlimited is having an awesome giveaway...... The prize is an assort...
Hi everyone............ Do you all know that the products that you use to make yourself beautiful and young might have been the cause of...
Hi people.......... Ive already told you i have slight puffiness and darkness around my eyes.So i keep experimenting with under eye gels ...
Disclaimer: This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. The products reviewed here are bought by my own money unless specified in the review. I am not affiliated with any company and the views and opinions expressed here are my own and have not been influenced by any external source. It must be noted that while some products work for me they may not work for some other people. I do not own the images on this blog until and unless my blog's name is written on the image.
If u feel any information/image posted in this blog is inaccurate in any way and want me to remove/change it, u may e-mail me: neha01237@gmail.com.
Please note this is the HTML5 version of the game and requires SPECIAL steps to export to other platformss. Specifically, this MUST be done from within Construct 2! DO NOT USE PHONEGAP!
The Inventory PHP Script Download The InventoryThe InventoryThe Inventory â€“ a simple and user friendly piece of code for maintaining a warehouse of goods. Built with the modern and r...
Owl Chat v2.0 – Responsive Chat Community PH... Owl Chat v2.0 - Responsive Chat CommunityOwl Chat v2.0 - Responsive Chat CommunityOwl Chat is a responsive chat community PHP/AJAX script. You and you...
Grading System PHP Script Grading System PHP Script This is just a simple grading system which allows you to record the grades of students from first grading to fourth gradi...
In this tutorial, Im going to show you how to convert mysql datetime format into your desired format. I’ve added symbols and their value for you to further understand the conversion. This tutorial uses two mysqli methods that I have included in the comments. So, feel free to switch between the two.
Next step is to create a database connection and save it as “conn.php”. This file will serve as our bridge between our form and our database. To create the file, open your HTML code editor and paste the code below after the tag.
Breezy morning at Casbah – despite the humidity, it actually felt nice with the breeze. Less than a week since the conclusion of BRR, and the Pax wanted mileage, so the Q obliged.
Mosey around the track and out the portal, left onto Colony. Quick stop for some IWs to stretch out the legs and regroup. Continue mosey across Fairview and down to Sharon View.
Little more Mary, some lunge walk, then run all you got or care to give up to Fairview. Squats to regroup – more Mary, cut short trying (an abject failure actually) to time the light at Fairview.
No real announcements, but be on the lookout for volunteer opportunities in the days that follow to help those impacted by the storm.
Also, YHC claimed that it was roughly 1/10 of a mile to Allison Ave. Film Fest felt it was longer. Google Maps has it at +/- 0.14. With the storm approaching, Gnarly Goat has requested that we all check our storm grates so that rain water can safely drain. Check your neighborhood, clean debris where you can. Almost like the oxygen masks on an airplane, once you and your family are safe, you can help others.
Posted in 2002 Releases, Completed Games, European Releases, Japan Releases, PC, PS2, USA Releases, Xbox
Synopsis: Following resurgence in cannibal events in the country’s hospital, a team of four New-Yorkers goes to a tropical island to investigate about the Kito sect, and the origin of these events. Horror-on-Screen Review (by Raoul): Zombie Ho... Read On
Music is one of the most important part of horror movies, and one that is not always noticed. But so...
Even though found footage in horror is often considered as starting with the infamous Cannibal Holoc...
Already the third year that we publish our long awaited lists of the best movies of the year!! 2014 ...
Zombie Outbreak!!!!! This week, our Top 10 Horror Lists series (see the others here) is different –...
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4668: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3815)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4670: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3815)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4671: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3815)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4672: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3815)
Generous is a Portland, Oregon-based company leading the future of the online business sales model. Sure, you can buy books (and any other thing) from a lot of online retail locations. Some offer great deals on shipping. Others offer quantity. What makes Generous so different is that it offers hope.
Every time you make a purchase through the Generous platform (and boy is it easy), you automatically make a donation to charity. Firbolg Publishing supports animal charities, and a percentage of every sale is donated to organizations dedicated to helping animals, such as the World Wildlife Fund. We help musicians in need, environmental causes, and the protection of civil liberties. The best part? You pick your price! We have package deals or single books, and there's always the charitable donation behind every sale.
Buy directly from Firbolg Publishing and give back. Horror books that help end the real horrors... there's nothing better.
The quietly revolutionary dance company returns to London with a haunting tale of an affair and a...
The Tate Modern take us through one of the most important years of Picasso’s life, examining how he...
Matthew Lopez’ reimagining of Howard’s End attempts to be present a grand unified theory of what it...
I'm at the least 21 yrs previous or a sound healthcare marijuana affected person and agree to the Phrases of Use and Privacy Coverage
2. Deliver the finished application as well as all supporting documents and also the necessary costs to Denver Excise and Licenses.
Prepared insurance policies and strategies made to boost and motivate complete participation in the controlled marijuana industry by people from communities which have Beforehand been disproportionately harmed by marijuana prohibition and enforcement to be able to positively influence All those communities.
A brief tutorial including multi-company frequent marijuana organization inspection demands can be found below.
“I just don’t realize why they’d have finished any of that,” Yoder explained in the drugs. “It makes no sense. After which drive?”
To generally be qualified for a hearing, the applicant must not have experienced a hearing Beforehand, and have to complete the followng techniques in 10 (ten) days in the mailing date of your Denial Get.
The existence in the healthcare marijuana cultivation operation over the licensed premises has negatively impacted nearby properties or perhaps the neighborhood generally, which includes by way of example any adverse effects due to excessive sounds, odors, vehicular site visitors, or any damaging outcomes on nearby these details assets values;
Written insurance policies and procedures to timely deal with any issues or issues expressed by residents and firms within the neighborhood bordering the accredited premises.
seven. Soon after any hearing needs are met, the company will probably be issued an inspection recognize that describes the best way to timetable applicable inspections. You should seek advice from the portion down below titled "Inspection Course of action" For additional aspects.
Special: Traffic fatalities linked to marijuana are up sharply in Colorado. Is legalization to blame? Authorities say the numbers can't be definitively connected to legalized pot
Lease or Deed (if leased, the proprietor will have to give composed consent to lease to the marijuana establishment)
When the organization has a earlier Transfer of Site software nonetheless pending, it will eventually must be withdrawn or done right before a 2nd Transfer of Spot software is going to be approved.
You could come across a listing of cultivation facilities situated in a zone district in which plant husbandry is no more a permitted use by e-mailing marijuanainfo@denvergov.org.
In an effort to post a request for any renewal Listening to, a party of interest should gather at the very least ten look these up legitimate signatures of events in interest applying forms check it out provided with the Division. Please e-mail EXLApplications@denvergov.org for these sorts. The get together in desire should present the petition for the Office inside ninety times in the licensee’s renewal date. Any Licensee who is needed to show up at a public Listening to ought to submit observe of hearing on the accredited premises for your period of at the very least ten times before the Listening to.
A linked data feed of Thomson Reuters financial content sets with a pre-identified set of relationships, helping you to uncover previously undetected connections within and across data sets.
In today's complex digital world there has never been a greater need to achieve structure out of your content, in order to organize information and establish links between diverse data types to solve real business challenges.
Thomson Reuters Knowledge Graph feed is a means of organizing and representing that information. It comprises objects and relations between those objects, such as organizations, people, financial instruments and value chains.
Recommend - use the Knowledge Graphs relationships to identify which news and research is most relevant, or identify new investment or M&A opportunities
Map - display all the connections across an organization's hierarchy across geographies or an officer's career across time
With Thomson Reuters Knowledge Graph feed you have the ability to start incorporating Thomson Reuters content as part of your bigger institutional knowledge graph - connecting your data world to Thomson Reuters and 3rd party data.
Serve your data relationships discovery and exploration needs with ease across a range of business requirements, from investment research, to business development through sales intelligence, to financial crime and Risk.
Watch Geoff Horrell, Director of Product Incubation at Thomson Reuters, speak about how asset managers can deliver insight using NLP and Knowledge Graphs.
I'd like to receive communications about Thomson Reuters resources, events, products, or services. (Please note that you can manage and update your preferences at any time.)
By submitting your details, you are acknowledging that you have read and understood our Privacy Statement. By submitting your details, you are agreeing to receive occasional communications about Thomson Reuters resources, events, products, or services. You also acknowledge that you have read and understood our Privacy Statement.
Trusted solutions that deliver critical news, information and analytics to the global financial community – enabling transactions and connecting communities of trading, investing, financial and corporate professionals.
The Board will convene to discuss Board business. Public comment will not be accepted on petitions for rule-marking or regulatory actions in which the comment period has closed.
Pearlington Mississippi MS Map professionally designed by GreatCitees.com. Feel free to remix and share.
„Make in India!“ Opportunities and potentials for German companies in India due to the current industrialization policy
Victor ReinzVictor Reinz is a leading OE manufacturer of gaskets and sealing systems. Quantity Sold: Sold individually
Very competive prices, even with shipping costs. Looking forward to using Autoplicity again in the near future.
This was my first order with Autoplicity. I was pleasantly surprised when my order showed up quickly and was exactly what I wanted. I will be buying from this company again. Thanks for the quick service and fair pricing.
Autoplicity had a MSD Timing Twister that was discontinued and no one had in stock. I called 6 places before getting in touch with them. Ordered part and had it in a matter of days.
The items shipped and arrived really fast. This was a great transaction even though shipping was a little high.
I was surprise to the how fast the order was shipped and the item is just like describe and the lowest price on the internet. I am very satisfy.
After placing my order, my item was shipped out the next business day as promised. Great service and great products, what more could you ask for!!
Not happy with a purchase? No problem. We've made returning items as easy as possible. And most purchases can be returned for free for 30 days. Learn more about our Returns Policy
After researching and finding the bumper I wanted, I spent some time looking for the best price. Autoplicity was not only the best price the beat the competitors by a 100 dollars. Big Savings.
Just purchased a B&W 5th wheel companion hitch to tow my new camper. Got an awesome price on it and shipping was quick. I would make a purchase again from them and would recommend Autoplicity to a friend. AAAAA++++++++++++
I am glad I found Autoplicity! Great prices, fast shipping, and excellent customer service. Already looking at other items to purchase from them. I highly recommend using Autoplicity!
Come by tomorrow, July 18th from 5pm - 6pm at the Career Center located at 1449 Webster Street. We will talk about concepts such as operations, marketing, business structure, sales strategies, compliance and regulations, and additional topics related to starting a business.
CA Licenses: A10-18-0000137-TEMP A10-18-0000122-TEMP, M10-17-0000103-TEMP A10-18-0000132-TEMP, M10-17-0000062-TEMP
Simple to use, Satellite Map based tide charts of the entire Southeastern U.S. marine tidal stations on a simple to use satellite map. Designed by fishermen and fishing guides.
This edition covers the following state's tide charts: Georgia tides, South Carolina tides, North Carolina tides and Virginia.
Ability to forecast tides from NOAA by setting date and period for any of the tidal stations for the entire South East Coast of the U.S.: Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia.
When GPS is available we auto-locate your position and zoom to the map for surrounding NOAA tide stations near you.
Included is the ability to zoom and view satellite imagery for fishing ground characteristics to compare with tide movement.
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use URL: http://www.progresstechnologies.com/blog/120/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use/
Es posible mostrar el icono de los discos duros en el escritorio de macOS. Es muy cómodo poder acceder desde el escritorio de nuestro Mac al disco principal, a las unidades USB conectadas, a un disco externo o una unidad montada por FTP. ¿Quieres saber cómo hacerlo? Desde Finder puedes configurar eso y mucho más, así que te lo voy a contar.
Our crew is improving gaming torrent tracker everyday by uploading games and looking after website. Thank you for visiting us and downloading games from our torrent, it's a huge achievement for us. You can start downloading PC games like Overwatch right now, don't wait for miracles to happen, just choose a game from list and press download .torrent button! :)
At this page of torrent you can download the game called "Overwatch" adapted for PC. Game was developed by Blizzard Entertainment, published by Blizzard Entertainment and released in 2016. If you like Shooter games we recommend it for you. Torrent download link you can find below the description and screenshots. Have a good luck!
Overwatch highlights squad-based battle with two contradicting groups of six players each. Players pick one of a few legend characters, each with their own particular one of a kind capacities and part classes. The four character parts include: offense characters with fast and assault however low safeguard, resistance characters intended to frame stifle focuses for foes, bolster characters that give buffs and debuffs to their partners and adversaries separately, and tank characters that have a lot of shield and hit focuses to withstand adversary assaults and draw fire far from fellow team members.
Players can switch between characters in-diversion taking after passings, which is energized by the amusement's general outline. The amusement's maps are enlivened by true areas; the initial three maps disclosed are propelled by London, Japan, and the remnants of Ancient Egypt.
Overwatch is set soon Earth, years after the determination of the worldwide scale "Omnic Crisis". This emergency put humankind under danger of the "Omnic" computerized reasoning. This prompted the uprising of robots all around the globe and a huge clash on the worldwide scale. To end this contention, a global team called "Overwatch" was shaped by the United Nations to ensure humankind, finishing the Crisis.
In the years after, Overwatch stayed as a peacekeeping power, however after numerous episodes of criminal action appeared the world over, allegations of defilement and subversion started to surface. The general population betrayed the individuals who had spared them. Once viewed as legends, individuals from Overwatch were then looked downward on with suspicion. At that point one day, the base camp of Overwatch were all of a sudden wrecked – clearly coincidentally. Formally, the assault took the life of Overwatch pioneer Jack Morrison and second-in-summon Gabriel Reyes.
After this occasion, the team was in the long run disbanded. It is accepted by some that the reason for the defeat of Overwatch was because of an involved connivance by the individuals who needed to see the end of the association, albeit nothing has been affirmed formally by the UN.
Overwatch highlights a wide exhibit of remarkable saints, extending from a period bouncing globe-trotter, to a shielded, rocket-hammer-wielding warrior, to an extraordinary robot friar. Each legend plays in an unexpected way, and mastering their capacities is the way to opening their potential. No two saints are the same.
If you are about to download Overwatch you should check system requirements first of all and compare it with your PC to be sure that game will work out!
Whether you are taking part in battle on the forefront, giving cautious cover your vitality shield, or supporting your associates by enhancing their harm, each saint's capacities are intended to be compelling as a component of a group. Figuring out how to use your capacities working together with your buddies is the way to triumph.
Groups of saints do fight over the planet. From securing the insider facts of the puzzling Temple of Anubis, to securely escorting an electromagnetic heartbeat gadget through King's Row, the world is your front line.
Overwatch as of now has three fundamental amusement modes, with a few maps including a mixture of strike and payload:
Ambush: The assaulting group is tasked with catching two target focuses on the guide, while the safeguarding group must stop them.
Escort: The assaulting group is tasked with escorting a payload to a specific conveyance bring up time runs out, while the guarding group must stop them. The payload vehicle moves along an altered track when any player on the assaulting group is near it. In some escort maps, the assaulting group needs to catch the payload first before really escorting it.
Control: Each group tries to catch and keep up a control point until their catch rate achieves 100%. This amusement mode is played in a best-of-three configuration.
Characters in Overwatch come in four assortments: Offense, Defense, Tank, and Support. These parts serve to order the saints of Overwatch by comparative qualities that can be utilized to depict them and their playing style.
Offense: Offense characters have high portability and are known for their capacity to arrangement a lot of harm. To adjust this, offense characters have a low number of hit focuses.
Safeguard: Defense characters exceed expectations at ensuring particular areas and making gag focuses. They can likewise give a few method for field backing, for example, sentry set-up and catching the foe group.
Tank: Tank characters have the most hit focuses out of the considerable number of characters in the amusement. In light of this, they can draw adversary fire far from their partners to themselves, in order to upset the foe group.
Bolster: Support characters are utility characters that have capacities that improve their own particular group and/or debilitate the adversary group. They won't not bargain the most harm or have the most hit focuses, yet the buffs and debuffs they give guarantee that their buddies who do will make short work of their rivals.
Hey, can anyone who's downloaded this confirm for me that 1. It works for multiplayer, and 2. That this is safe to download? Thanks!
How can i download the torrent, When i click the link it takes me to games's official page after ad.fly waiting.
This game is for PC! Released in 2011, developed by Valve and published by Valve. Gener of Portal 2 is Action. To download this torrent click on the poster above.
© 2018 HORSEtoday | Powered by WordPress | BranfordMagazine theme by Michael Oeser.	Based on Mimbo and Revolution
Cavallo All-Purpose Wedge English Saddle Pad This saddle pad helps absorb concussion, reduce impact, and lift the weight off the spine and rib cage with a gradual rise beginning at 1/2″ at the shoulder and increasing to 3/4″ at the back of the pad. Features: Comfortable memory foam Gradual rise Item Specifications: Size: Length: 23″ (58cm) Width: 22: (56 cm) tapering to 15″ (38cm)
In partnership with Horse Trials Nova Scotia (HTNS), NSEF will be sending a three-member team to an exciting 4-day event in Ottawa at Oakhurst Farm, August 23-26, 2018. More information can be found below.
Founded in partnership with the 11 Provincial/Territorial Canadian Equestrian Sport Organizations (P/TSO’s), the J.C. Anderson Athlete Bursary Development Program is an initiative generously supported by J.C. Anderson and the Anderson Family Foundation. This program is for Jumping Athletes competing at a 1.2m level.
This program is designed to give young athletes the feel and experience of Olympic style competition. The three phase 1.30m championship will be held annually over a three day period at the Rocky Mountain Show Jumping venue in Calgary, Alberta. Athletes from across North America are welcome to compete and can apply for travel bursaries to offset costs. The championship will award Gold, Silver and Bronze medals to the winners. Athlete development bursaries will be awarded to competitors up to 10th place in the third phase with the Champion receiving $5,000.
Atlantic Canada’s Equestrian Sport Organizations are pleased to announce the Atlantic Canadian Equestrian (ACE) Championships. Four disciplines of Dressage, Eventing, Jumper and Reining are included in these Championships being held in late summer and early fall of 2018. For each discipline, there will be two levels of teams.
Atlantic provincial equestrian organizations will field teams representing their respective province. This event will be used for athletes in the “Learn to Compete” phase of the athlete pathway by testing their skills with their competitive peers, while at the same time providing an avenue for talent identification for future initiatives. Gold, Silver and Bronze medals to be presented to the top three teams. Individual awards will also be presented.
To view the Team Nova Scotia Declared Athlete Standings, click here to go to the Competition Results Page.
Copyright © 2018 Nova Scotia Equestrian Federation | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Built with Moxie
For privacy reasons, Date of Birth and Date of Marriage for persons believed to still be living are not shown.
You will receive an email at the address you provide, to confirm your subscription. (Check your Junk mail folder if you don't see the email in your Inbox).
Project Genesis is a grassroots non-profit organization providing services free of charge to those in need. We are able to accomplish so much thanks to our members, volunteers, and donors. Your donations are invaluable in supporting our work and contributing to our success!
Project Genesis is seeking a Community Organizer. Click below for the complete job posting. Please spread the word!
Project Genesis seeks a community organizer for a permanent position at 30 hours/week. Starting date would be in early December.
access to welfare An Inside Look anti-poverty city inspector coop cooperative housing donate event highlights history Home Advocacy Services housing rights Hydro Quebec rate increases Individual Services job offer new social housing non-profit housing Outreach Project Genesis Rental Board Rental Board delays rent increase social housing social housing funding social housing on Blue Bonnets social housing workshops social rate for public transit Storefront tenant information volunteering welfare rates workshop
Genesis Fertility Centre has the first pregnancy from PGD and also comprehensive chromosomal screening in BC.
We proudly maintain some of the highest IVF and pregnancy success rates in Canada thanks to our education, experience and advanced technology. We’ve helped thousands of couples overcome infertility challenges, and continue to provide hope for many more.
We take great care at every stage of your family planning journey to ensure the best results possible. Learn more about our genetic testing services including Preimplantation Genetic Diagnosis (PGD) and Comprehensive Chromosomal Screening (CCS) below.
PGD is a diagnostic test to determine if embryos carry a hereditary genetic disease. The test is done before implantation and can prevent diseases from being passed on to the child.
PGD testing most often refers to ‘single gene’ diseases. Genes sit on chromosomes and are not identifiable through Comprehensive Chromosomal Screening (CCS) or Preimplantation Genetic Screening (PGS). Genetic diseases, such as cystic fibrosis, thalassemia, Huntington’s disease, factor V Leiden can be identified if:
A patient has independently opted to undergo whole genome sequencing and was incidentally found to be a carrier of a genetic disease.
PGD can avoid X-linked genetic diseases either by transferring a female XX embryo in cases when a gene cannot be identified (e.g. severe autism) or identifying the single gene (e.g. fragile X gene) on the X chromosome.
In PGD testing, a single gene disorder is identified and a mutational analysis is completed. Then a custom probe is built to detect presence of the abnormal gene in the embryo.
The steps for PGD are then identical to IVF and CCS (embryo biopsy, vitrification, and genetic testing) with similar risks. Comprehensive Chromosomal Screening (CCS) can be done with PGD to increase the chances of both a chromosomally normal embryo and one which is also unaffected by the abnormal gene.
CCS is a screening test to determine if the embryo is more likely ‘normal’ or not prior to embryo transfer. It is done independently of the traditional’ embryo selection ‘methods and Eeva™.
The most common reason that embryos do not implant or later miscarry is that they had a chromosomal abnormality. Rarely, unbalanced embryos will continue to term.
The most common reason an embryo is not normal is egg age (i.e. maternal age) which leads to failed accurate separation of chromosomes during the cell division process (nondisjunction). This leads to an imbalance (too much or too little) of chromosomal DNA material in the embryo.
In order to do CCS, the eggs are fertilized and grown to the day 5/6 stage of embryo development (blastocyst). If the embryos do not develop to the blastocyst stage, CCS cannot be done. Some embryos survive to day 5 but do not form blastocysts. Embryos that do not make blastocysts by day 6 are presumed not to be ‘normal’.
At the blastocyst stage, the embryos are biopsied. The biopsy removes 5-7 cells from the trophectoderm (the layer of cells that will become the placenta). The cells that will become the fetus are undisturbed. The embryos are frozen and the biopsy is sent to a genetics lab for analysis.
The analysis determines if the chromosomal complement of the cells that are biopsied is ‘balanced’ or most likely to be ‘normal’ or ‘viable’. CCS testing is reported to have an accuracy of approximately 98%. Literature from genetic testing companies delineate details as information evolves.
When ‘viable’ embryos are identified, the patient will return for a frozen embryo transfer. When a single ‘viable’ embryo is transferred, the ‘pregnancy rates’ are maximized and miscarriage rates minimized.
Excellent CCS IVF success rates are achieved independently of maternal age if the embryo is known to be ‘normal’ (i.e. a 40 year old woman who transfers a known ‘normal’ embryo will have the same pregnancy rate at a 30 year old woman who transfers a known ‘normal’ embryo).
We arrived at your centre on the first day feeling anxious and unsure. We were met with such warmth and kindness. Our experience was so positive and we knew we made the right decision. We want to complement you on the way you treated us, how you supported us, and what you’ve done for us. Our words cannot describe this life changing encounter, we hope that many others will get to experience this privilege.
(908) 386-XXXX ext.137 The Ninja 650 has the appearance and performance of a sport bike, but it offers a rare combination of agile performance and modern practicality. Its powerful 649cc parallel-twin engine has fueled racers to s...
aw34 Thanks for checking out this 2012 Kawasaki ZX6R with 4900 mis on it. This bike is in terrific condition and runs good. The bike has been lowered about 1 in and it sits great. It has no scratches or scuff or chips and it runs ...
"When Gitabitan was first published, the publishers could not categorise the songs. That not only made it difficult to use, but also inflicted damage to the literary appreciation of the songs. In this collection, the songs have been classified based on the mood. This way, even without help of melody, the reader can follow the songs as poetry."
2.Tap the Tabs (or pages) icon in the lower-right corner, where you can see all of your open pages in Safari, including, if you have, your iCloud tabs and pages on your other devices.
4.Now you will be asked if you want to “Close All Pages?” Tap Close All. All pages will be closed but you will also start using the Private Browsing Mode.
Note the steps described above will close all your open pages on your iPhone. But, obviously, it does not close your iCloud tabs and pages. Also note that the same method works if you want to close all open tabs in Safari on iPad.
William Bennett on Bluetooth Not Working After iOS 12 Update, How-To Fix: “None of these tricks are working for my QY8 headphones (IOS 12, iPhone7). But worse, B/t pane itself…”
Soya on iPad Pro 9.7 Battery Drain Issue, 7 Tips to Try before Restoring Your Device: “Hey! I think its probably time to get a new iPad. I used my iPad 2 for 4…”
Jd graham on How to print iMessage or Text message conversations on iPad or iPhone: “I am trying to print messages. it always goes to online storage cannot get messages out to print”
چاد مورتا، دوسال پیش تصادف رانندگی داشت. زمانی که در بیمارستان دوره بهبودی طولانی‌اش را سپری می‌کرد، دوستش به او مقاله‌ای درباره‌ی بازار فروش اپلیکیشن موبایل داد. کمی پس از آن، مورتا شروع به طراحی و ساخت اپلیکیشن کرد. ۲۴ ماه طول نکشید که مورتا سه شرکت اپلیکیشن را تأسیس کرد و سپس فروخت و میلیون‌ها دلار کسب درآمد کرد. بیش از ۴۰ اپلیکیشن طراحی کرد که ۳۵ میلیون نفر آن را دانلود کردند. مورتا معتقد است ۹۰ درصد این اپلیکیشن‌ها موفق و پول‌ساز بوده‌اند. او با برنامه‌ی چهار ساعت کار هفتگی، همه چیز را در گوشی آیفونش ساخت. اما چطور می‌توان با کمتر از پنج ساعت کار در هفته ثروتمند شد؟ مورتا راز موفقیتش را در ده‌ قدم خلاصه می‌کند.
In the summer of 1973 Carshalton Athletic finally achieved a promotion of sorts when they were elected as founder members of the newly created Isthmian League Division 2. The first two seasons proved to be a struggle and in their third they just missed out on promotion finishing third in the league. Three years of struggle paid off in the 1976–77 season when promotion to the Isthmian Premier Division after finishing as runners up in the league in a year in which they also won the Surrey Senior Shield.
After promotion in the league the club entered another period of struggling, not finishing in the top half until the 1987–88 season. This coincided with the start of years of upheaval in the organisation of the ownership and running of the club both on and off the field. The best that could be offered to supporters in this period was a solitary cup run as the club reached the second round proper of the FA Challenge Cup for the first time before losing 4–1 to Fourth Division Torquay United. Over this period Carshalton Athletic had 8 different managers and it was only the final appointment of Billy Smith in August 1986 that began to turn the club's fortunes around.
The first Billy Smith era lasted for nearly 9 years and was the most successful period in the club's history. During his time in charge of the club twice reaching the 1st Round Proper of the FA Challenge Cup, winning the Surrey Senior Cup three times in four years and reaching the final 5 times in 7 years, recording its highest ever placing in the league at the end of the 1988–89 season and winning the London Challenge Cup in 1991. This period came to an end when Billy Smith left to take charge of Kingstonian, and was followed by a rapid turnover of managers.
Under John Rains, the club reached the third round of the FA Trophy. Gary Kilby led them to the first round proper of the 1997–98 FA Cup, in which they lost to Stevenage Borough after a replay, and former player Gary Bowyer twice led a successful fight against relegation. In 2000, with the club in severe financial difficulties, the ownership changed hands twice, Bowyer was dismissed, the clubhouse was destroyed in an arson attack, and the ground's landlords, Sutton Council, threatened the club with eviction for breaching their lease.[1][2] At the end of that season, Carshalton were relegated to Division One. Two years later, Graham Roberts led them to the Division One South title, to gain promotion to the Premier Division. The following season, they finished seventh, thus qualifying for the new Conference South.
After a £12 million plan to rebuild the ground fell through,[3] chairman Steve Friend resigned, followed by manager Billy Smith. Under Jimmy Bolton, Carshalton retained their place in the Conference South in 2004–05.
The new millenium did little to help the club's financial problems. Like many clubs at the time Carshalton Athletic found it difficult to pay its bills and was severely overstretched by a hefty playing budget.
The previous season's relegation was a blow, but the Club was not new to hard times - over the previous two decades the club had been on the edge of bankrupcy numerous times, seeing five different owners and a long line of chairmen. In 2008 the club was technically insolvent. Despite having some sucess in stabilising Carshalton Athletic, the then current owners could not see a way through its financial difficulties without change, there were large tax bills that the club could not pay.
Local businessman Paul Dipre purchased the club in 2008, paid off substantial tax bills and set out a ten year plan to develop the club into a community hub. Dipre promised to re-juvenate the club from the bottom up.
Carshalton finished mid table in 2006–07 but the following season 2007–08 saw disappointing early results and as a result the manager Dave Garland left the club in October 2007. The appointment of Hayden Bird was one of the last acts of the previous owners.
Hayden made some high profile signings and there was a noticeable commitment to playing attractive, passing football but the Robins still faced another nail-biting fight for survival in the Isthmian League Premier Division. Paul Dipre injected sufficient funds to strengthen the squad in an effort to avoid relegation. It went right to the wire and, miraculously, last day results elsewhere fell perfectly and Carshalton's home win over Tonbridge Angels was enough to secure their status.
The season 2008–09 was the first full season under new ownership. The reserves and junior sections were axed in favour of a new academy and junior section. The club began a long-term investment program to renew its crumbling facilities. Directors and staff were axed in favour of a new management team.
The first year under Dipre was one of the club's most successful. On the pitch, aided with 31 goals from Richard Jolly, The Robins finished in 4th place, setting up a play-off semi-final with Tonbridge Angels. Athletic claimed a thrilling 3-2 win to meet Staines Town in the final. Held at Staines's Wheatsheaf Park Ground, Carshalton more than held their own against Staines, who had finished 2nd in the regular season. Sadly for The Robins, an 85th-minute penalty was saved by Staines 'keeper Louis Wells, and Scott Taylor scored an extra-time winner for Staines.
At the end of this season the club decided to revert to its original colours of Red and also modernised its badge. The change was supported by the majority of fans who saw the colour change as one that reflected the club's early heritage, but a small group of fans (largely led by the club officials ousted by Dipre) lobbied against the change strongly.
On 1 September 2009, manager Hayden Bird resigned as the club's first team manager; Ian Hazel was placed in caretaker charge. On 10 September the club announced the appointment of former Carshalton player Francis Vines as Bird's permanent replacement.
Shortly before the 2010–11 season Mark Butler was placed in charge of the club. After a promising first half of the season, Butlers results went from bad to worse until finally the owner Paul Dipre too the reins. The team finished 13th.
The 2011–12 season was a rollercoaster for the first team. Dipre's first season as manager ended in 16th position. Despite the inconsistent league form there was much to celebrate in the FA Trophy with one of the most Historic results in the club's history when they beat Lincoln City 3–1 at Colston Avenue, Paul Vines scoring a hat-trick. At the beginning of the following season Dipre removed himself from the manager's position and coach Tommy Williams, also a former player of the club, took the reins and officially took the job in October 2012.
Carshalton Athletic was bestowed with three community club awards throughout 2012 – the South East Regional Community Club of the Year, the Surrey FA Community Club of the Year and the FA National Community Club of the Year, the latter awarded to chairman Frank Williams and youth development officer Paul Williams by ex-professional footballers Chris Kamara and Martin Keown, plus TV presenter Ben Shepherd.
In the following year the club won the UEFA silver award for the best grassroots club in Europe, one of the greatest accolades in the club's history.
In Tommy Williams first season as manager, Carshalton finished 21st in the Isthmian Premier in 2012-13, which ordinarily would have seen them relegated. However, a points deduction and consequent relegation for Thurrock gave them a reprieve, keeping them in the Isthmian Premier for the 2013-14 season.
In 2015 the club decided to apply for planning permission to install a 3G pitch. The application was supported by almost everyone at Carshalton Athletic. The 3G was intended to provide faciliies for the 500 or so junior players and other local clubs. It would secure the club's future. The club applied for planning. The original planning application was recommended by the council for approval, but rejected by councillors in January 2014. The club appealed, and won in January 2015.
The 3g was installed in the Summer of 2015. The entire Ground was also refurbished between May 2016 - August 2017. Colston Avenue has become a busy sports and community hub seven days a week serving teams, clubs and community organisations.
The 2015/16 was a reasonable year for the first team finishing a respectable 10th place in Ryman South. Managers Matt Howard and Chris McGinn each had good spells on the pitch. Fans favourite Tommy Bradford won the players of the year award with 24 goals and performances improved as the season went on. By the end of the season and following a number of unsucessful appointments over recent years, the club decided on a new approach to the 1st team management structure. That new structure was implemented in April 2016 when Peter Adeniyi, Ted Dale and Mike Gilham were appointed as Manager, Head Coach and Coach respectively.
Peter Adeniyi's first season was a good one. Peter further improved the teams style of play and pushed the youth policy with renewed vigour. Ex- player Stuart Searle joined Peter's team as coach in replacement of Mike Gilham who had moved into an Academy role at Fulham. The club was in the playoff places for much of the season but not at the time when it counted and finished one place short of a valuable playoff position. Nevertheless The Robins had made clear their ambitions on the pitch and Peter Adeniyi agreed to stay on for the season 2017/18.
Peter Adeniyi's second season started with some important new signings. Billy Bishop took the number 1 shirt, Raheem Sterling Parker joined from Chipstead and Jordan Cheadle from Walton casuals. At Christmas Keith Boanas joined the Robins in the role of head Coach. In January, academy graduate and Top goalscorer Mickel Miller transferred to Scottish Premiership side Hamilton Academical for an undisclosed fee.
White French Style Furniture Carved French Style Dining Table From Crown French Furniture White French Style Bedroom Furniture Sets – folklora
Since the day it was announced, the film has been in the news for one reason or another. Vishal Bhardwaj’s much-awaited Dream Sequence has had a lot of back-and-forth on its cast list. Now, the latest development is that Deepika Padukone is no longer a part of the film. And Bhardwaj has been left without a leading lady.
The decision comes as a surprise because Deepika was extremely excited to be a part of the project. A few days ago, the actress told Mumbai Mirror that acting for a director like Vishal Bhardwaj was like a dream come true for her and that she was thrilled to be finally working with him.
The buzz in the trade circles is that Deepika was not very keen to work with any another actor after Saif Ali Khan opted out of the film. Bhardwaj then spoke to Naseeruddin Shah’s son Vivaan about the film (As reported by Mumbai Mirror).
A source said, “There is no animosity between Deepika and Vishal over her decision. They have promised each other to work together in the near future. When Vishal approached Deepika, he had not spoken about the dates for the film.
Recently, when he asked for the dates, he found they were clashing with Rohit Dhawan’s film Desi Boys, which Deepika is working in. Vishal wanted dates early next year.
But Deepika is supposed to be shooting from January to March 2011 for Desi Boys. Added to this, Deepika has committed to another film that goes on floors in April and her dates are blocked till June for it.
Though Deepika was very keen on working with Bhardwaj, she has had to say ‘no’ to his offer for these reasons.”
Bhardwaj is back to square one with his search for the leading lady in his film. His spokesperson denied signing Deepika for the film however and said, “Deepika was never signed. Therefore, the question of her opting out does not arise.
There are too many rumours about Dream Sequence and its cast. Once the cast has been finalised, Vishal will make a formal announcement.” We’ll keep our eyes open for that one.
The actor’s first film as a producer, under his banner Forbidden Films, has ominously been shelved. Its producer and distributor, PVR, has backed out, finding the film too expensive
The fact that Abhay Deol has only been working on films with other production houses, while neglecting his own banner Forbidden Films, is being noticed now. Grapevine has it that the first film under his banner, Basra, has been shelved due to major financial crises.
Basra was announced more than a year ago and boasted of a cast including Abhay in the lead, Chitrangada Singh, Nikhil Dwivedi, Shahana Goswami and Soniya Mehra. The movie was to be directed by Navdeep Singh of Manorama Six Feet Under fame. Abhay Deol was co-producing the movie with PVR Pictures, who were also the distributors for the film.
So, all was well. Until the movie started getting delayed for one reason or another and eventually PVR Pictures pulled out of the project claiming that the movie had a very high budget. Only after several meetings did PVR get back on board but only because the budget had been reworked and considerably cut down. But even after all this, PVR apparently backed again.
Commenting on what had transpired, a source says, “In spite of PVR arranging for meetings with Abhay to cut down on costs, the budget wasn’t really brought down. As a result of these constant delays, actors and their dates also went haywire and the movie was delayed indefinitely.”
Apparently, the movie was going to be shot at Basra, Iraq, but due to budget constraints they decided to shoot it in Dubai and Cairo. Eventually again, it was all futile.
With no hopes left for the movie to start, the director Navdeep Singh has now signed a movie with Walk Water Media. Navdeep confirms and says, “Yes, I have signed a film with them.” When quizzed on Basra being shelved, he adds, “There were issues on that end, but I am not the right one to comment on it.”
Filmmaker JP Dutta was beginning to see light at the end of the tunnel after turkeys like LOC and Umrao Jaan, all thanks to Sanjay Dutt, who had agreed to be part of his next war saga. What Dutta hadn’t seen coming however, was that Sanjay would walk out of the project at the last moment. Dutta is heartbroken.
Naturally, there is cause for worry in the JP Dutta camp because they had acquired vital permission to shoot in a number of sensitive areas as well as army bases, through a lot of persuasion. And this was done after clearing dates with Sanjay.
Not too long ago, Sanju and Dutta met on a flight after a long time and hugged one another with genuine affection. No one can deny that the Dutta-Dutt duo had worked wonders in films like Hathyar, Kshatriya (where JP had cast Sanju with his father Sunil Dutt). So, Dutta didn’t think twice before telling Sanjay that he intended to start a new war film early in 2011.
Says a source, “Sanju instantly agreed to be a part of the project. He allotted dates and even confirmed in an interview that he will do Dutta’s film. Dutta, who regards Sanju as family, got busy with the project. He hadn’t expected what lay in store for him.”
Apparently, when the filmmaker called to confirm the dates, Sanju was unavailable and inaccessible for a long time.
Says a source very close to the director, “Initially Dutta was sure there was some misunderstanding. Sanju is too dear to him to create any hassles. Dutta kept trying to get in touch with him. But it was all futile.”
But with time, Dutta started getting anxious. Repeated attempts to contact the star, numerous missed calls and anxious messages yielded no results.
Says the source, “Dutta now suspects that the dates meant for his war film have been given away to other filmmakers without his knowledge.”
When contacted, an oddly composed Dutta said, “All I’ll say is that Sanju is like my brother. His father Dutt Sahib was so close to me that he’d get angry if we discussed money about projects. I am sure there’s some miscommunication between us. I am waiting for Sanju to revert. He knows how difficult it was for me to get the permission to shoot in sensitive areas.”
But Sanjay Dutt’s spokesperson laid all the cards on the table and said, “Mr JP Dutta met Mr Sanjay Dutt informally in Pune. There was no script. And no dates were discussed.” Sanju, if the genre is war, it doesn’t mean you wage one! Truce?
Producer Vashu Bhagnani went all out to resurrect his son Jackky Bhagnani’s career. Like in olden days, how Raj Kumar Kohli would cast A-list heroes in his films to add weight to his son Armaan Kohli’s vehicles, Vashu too did something similar.
Buzz is that he offered Akshay Kumar a gobsmacking Rs 15 crore (for 10 days’ work) to star in his forthcoming film, Faltu, starring his son Jackky. But Akshay is not biting the bait. In fact, he has politely turned down the offer.
This comes a bit of surprise since Akshay is known to be very professional when it comes to money. Says a source, “He told Vashu that he doesn’t have dates for the same.”
Can’t blame Akshay. We hear that the Khiladi Kumar has a lot on his plate: Farah Khan’s Tees Maar Khan and his television show, Master Chef India. It may be recalled that Vashu had first offered Akshay’s role to Sanjay Dutt, who too had declined it. Buzz then was that Sanjay rejected the offer (we don’t know how many crores were offered to him!) simply because Vashu didn’t cast his manager Dharam Oberoi’s daughter, Neha.
Faltu, directed by Remo, is meant to relaunch Vashu’s son Jackky after the debacle of Kal Kissne Dekha last year. Now, it turns out that Vashu has completely erased the character offered to Sanju and Akshay. Akshay, Vashu or Jackky did not respond to our calls. Guess they thought we’re faltu.
Neerav Mehta (Jignesh of Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na) is spitting fire. This young man has been been ditched by Abbas Tyrewalla. While working for Jaane Tu…, Tyrewalla had promised Neerav that he would cast him in his next film.
“When Jhoota Hi Sahi went on the floors, Neerav was very excited. He felt that not only would Tyrewalla cast him in the film but also in a bigger role than what he had in Jaane Tu…”
We hear that Tyrewalla also made a similar promise to Sugandha Garg (who played Shalini in Jaane Tu…)
When contacted, “I cannot speak for Sugandha,” said Neerav, “but if you want to know about me, yes, Mr Tyrewalla had promised to cast me in his next film.
When a big and successful filmmaker like Mr Tyrewalla promises you, you do tend to believe him. I blocked my dates and did not sign for two big films. But post Jaane Tu…, Mr Tyrewalla even stopped taking my calls.”
Like Vidya Balan and Rani Mukerji, Kangna Ranaut too is no longer a part of Deepa Mehta’s Midnight’s Children
Casting for the screen adaptation of Salman Rushdie’s novel Midnight’s Children, is getting tough for Deepa Mehta. On August 10, a jubilant Deepa Mehta had told Mumbai Mirror, “Yes, Kangna Ranaut has agreed to be part of Midnight’s Children. I think she’s a wonderful actress, not quite like anyone else that I’ve worked with.” This period of bliss however, was a short-lived one for Deepa. Kangna, who was to play Emerald’s character in the film, has quit the project.
A source says, “Kangna did not have dates. She is very busy with Dhamaal 2, which goes on floors very soon.
Then she will do Salman Khan’s film, which will be directed by Mahesh Manjrekar. Besides these two, she has David Dhawan’s Rascals, Priyadarshan’s Bullet Train, Pritish Nandy’s Actor with Amitabh Bachchan, No Problem, Tanu Weds Manu and Knockout. The main clash on dates was happening with Rascals.”
Not so long ago, Rani Mukerji had walked out from the same film since she didn’t want to play the role of a mother to a 14-year old (Mumbai Mirror, January 29). Vidya Balan, who was also offered a role in the film, did not take it up.
But Deepa is very disappointed about Kangna not doing her film. Deepa apparently told a friend, “There were second and third choices for other characters. For Emerald I only wanted Kangna.”
Actress Asin Thottumkal shocked her best friend Sridevi when she declined a plum offer made by the latter’s husband, filmmaker Boney Kapoor. In Bollywood, Sridevi and Boney are like Asin’s Godparents, because when she was alone in the city and living in their building, the couple really took care of her. We have seen Sridevi sending home-cooked food for Asin and also constantly checking if she needed any help in Mumbai. So, when Boney approached Asin with the film, he never expected to hear a no. The industry grapevine is also buzzing with gossip that this decision might hamper the relationship that Asin and Sridevi share. A friend of the actress said, “Asin starts shooting for a South film whose working title is Bodyguard and then she has the second schedule for Bhushan Kumar’s Ready to shoot. She also has two more Bollywood offers that are hush-hush. Asin doesn’t really have any time right now till next year to sign up for another film. She likes to complete one project at a time. Unfortunately, Boney’s offer came at a time when she had already reserved her dates for other films. She had to politely say a no to him.” Asin had to also say no to filmmaker Vipul Shah as well for the same reason. And there are other offers that she could not accept because her endorsements have gone up. “Fingers are crossed that her decisions don’t cost her dearly,” said the source. “She has been shooting in Sri Lanka and down South, so she hasn’t got the chance to gel with Sridevi and Boney. That might also be adding fuel to the fire.” Asin could not be contacted for a comment. Sridevi too remained elusive.
She’s arrives at a five-star hotel coffee shop dressed casually in a pair of skin-fitting blue jeans and a matching blouse. Her curly hair and her large, foreversearching-for-something-brown-eyes give her the quality of a child-woman. Kangna Ranaut is an interesting mix of innocence and equanimity.
Life is currently “very good’’ to her. Her slate is choc-o-bloc. Post the supersuccess of Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai for which she won accolades for her role as a yesteryear actress, it’s raining films and assorted roles in her backyard.
Says Kangna, “I don’t think any other actress in Bollywood has as many films as I do.’’ But, hello, she is not being immodest. In the next six months she has four films slated for the marquee. And unlike many actresses who are content to be typecast, Kangna is fortunate to have a wide array of roles to bite into. In October she’ll be in Sohail Maklai’s racy thriller Knockout with Sanjay Dutt and Irrfan Khan where she plays a journalist. Then there’s Tanu weds Manu where she plays a wannabe girl from small town Kanpur. But, of course, the high point of her career is producers Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar’s Game where this 23-year-old plays an Interpol officer.
“It is by far the most difficult role I’ve attempted,’’ says Kangna. “It was challenging to prepare for this role of a British girl from London who is actually quite like a man in many ways,’’ she says. The reason why she found this role so hard to prepare for is because she had no reference point of a girl who has stayed in London and speaks with a Brit accent. Having said that, the mountain beauty drops a bomb. She confesses that she has seen precisely six-seven Hollywood films in her entire life, and around 25 odd Bollywood films.
“So it wasn’t as if I knew a lot about FBI agents or CIA officials,’’ she points out. “And officers on special duty in our Hindi cinema are very different from their foreign counterparts. Abhinay Deo, the director of Game, helped me a lot by breaking the role down for me so I could interpret it correctly.’’
Kangna says Excel Entertainment (Ritesh and Farhan) were actually toying with the idea of getting a guy for this role. “However, they felt that a guy chasing a guy thing didn’t have that much of a novelty, so they changed it and I’m fortunate that they got me to do the role instead. I had to make sure that I got the body language perfect. There is nothing romantic or sensual about this Interpol officer. Yet my director didn’t want to go overboard with the stiffness and appear like too masculine. Believe me, it was a challenge. And Game is a film that I just enjoyed preparing for. It’s a never-been-seen before character as far as Bollywood goes.’’
It doesn’t stop there. While her contemporaries are falling over each other trying to grab films, Kangna’s booked way for the next year having signed on Priyadarshan’s Hindi adaptation of the Bullet Train; Indra Kumar’s comedy Double Dhamaal; David Dhawan’s Rascals; and, a film with debutant Chiraag Paswan. “Then I have been reading scripts and considering a few more projects. But now dates are an issue because I have signed on a lot of films and all are good,’’ she shrugs. What does one say? Get ready for a Kangna Ranaut film festival. For her the game has just begun.
The Moranis have requested Shahid to join their world tour with Ranbir, Katrina and Priyanka. Will that complete the love quartet?
The Morani brothers want to cash in on the newfound, or shall we say rehashed, “friendship” between Priyanka Chopra and Shahid Kapoor (please see our story below). The newest addition on the Rishi Kapoor-Morani world tour, with Ranbir Kapoor, Katrina Kaif and (ahem) Priyanka Chopra, may well be Shahid Kapoor.
Apparently, the Moranis have approached Shahid to be a part of the world tour. A source says, “They are very keen on having Shahid on board because he is a great dancer. He’s in fact better than Ranbir. Getting the two Kapoors to perform together on stage will take the show to another level. Both actors have millions of fans across the globe.”
Surely watching two strapping young lads shake a leg should guarantee a packed audience, but a Shahid-Priyanka dance number on stage would be worth more.
Mohammad Morani, head honcho of Cineyug, doesn’t deny having approached Shahid and says, “It will be good to have Ranbir and Shahid on the same platform, but nothing is concrete yet. It will take nearly another month to finalise everything.”
Despite a text message, Shahid remained unavailable for comment but his spokesperson says, “Shahid has to work out his shooting and promotion dates for Mausam and then he’ll decide if he can be a part of the show.” One can blame it on the weatherman, if that doesn’t work out.
Vidya Balan has a lot happening in her life right now. She’s the latest muse of M F Husain and has also been voted as the most appropriate bride for Rahul Gandhi. But it’s the romantic SRK and lover boy Salman Khan, Vidya hopes will woo her someday…
I can’t draw a line between my personal and professional lives. My profession gives me great joy in my personal life.
I’ve been on a break past few weeks, since I came back from Delhi after the shoot of No One Killed Jessica. I’ve been helping decorate my new house, reading, watching films, meeting friends and going on dates.
A recent survey said that you are the most appropriate bride for Rahul Gandhi, provided he buys you a lifetime’s supply of Sabyasachi sarees…
If that happens, I won’t wave at people. I’ll just raise The Hand. But I’m not thinking of marriage right now. It’s not even on the agenda because I haven’t met anyone who has inspired that in me. First, I need to be with someone for a while and have to romance without the bindings of marriage.
Long drives with music that I enjoy in the rains, and maybe buy ourselves cups of chai from a thela.
A relationship is between two people and should remain like that. The problem is that today, everyone is discussing relationships so openly. Anyway, I think I should become a writer besides being an actor. A romantic novel, perhaps, or actually a romantic film. Maybe I’ll start the film in five years when I have more experience with romance in my life.
I’d love for him to look into the mirror when I ask him, ‘Chand dekha?’ and he’d say, ‘Haan, aaine mein dekho….’ I know, it’s corny!
I know that Husainsaab wants to narrate a script to me, but it depends on when we meet. I’ve spoken to him on the phone, though. He was extremely generous. I was very flattered. He’s probably the best judge of sensuality.
Tweets that mention Monica Dogra lands up in Dhobi Ghat, Break Ke Baad -- Topsy.com: [...] This post was mentioned on Twitter by KWAN Entertainment, Fenil Seta. Fenil Seta said: Monica...
Tweets that mention Salman Khan signed for Ramesh Taurani’s next -- Topsy.com: [...] This post was mentioned on Twitter by neeli khan and Bedo (SKPlace Forum), Fenil Seta. Fenil...
Katrina walks the ramp for Sallu | Bollywood on Simply Freak: [...] ladies. Last year Salman Khan managed a coup of sorts when he had some of the most popular...
Semester/session grade-point average and cumulative grade-point average are calculated to represent numerically a student's quality of performance. These averages are used to determine if a student qualifies for certain academic actions (e.g., Dean's List, academic warning/drop, entrance to and changes in college/major, and graduation) and programs (e.g., student aid and study abroad).
Grades in courses are based on an instructor's judgment of a student's achievement. Students who dispute a grade should follow grade mediation and adjudication procedures.
On grade reports and transcripts courses are reported with both grades and symbols. Grades are defined in Senate Policy 47-60 (link is external). Grades and numerical grade-point equivalents have been established for varying levels of students' academic performance. These grade-point equivalents are used to determine a student's grade-point average.
Credit for the course is earned and can satisfy a program requirement unless it is a C-required course.
Failure: Notation for the most serious breach of the academic integrity policy. Academic Administrative Policies and Procedures Manual, G-9.D.
A student's grade-point average is the weighted mean value of all grade points he/she earned by enrollment, or through credit by examination, in a semester/session of attendance at Penn State. (See Cumulative Credits for information on credits excluded from this calculation.) This calculation is used to determine Dean's List recognition.
To calculate a grade point average, (1) determine the grade points earned in each course by multiplying course credits by the appropriate grade-point equivalent, (2) add the grade points earned in each course to calculate a semester total, and (3) divide this sum by the number of credits taken to determine the semester/session grade-point average. In the example below, 33.34 grade points ÷ 15 credits = 2.22 grade-point average.
A student's cumulative grade-point average is the weighted mean value of all grade points he/she earned by enrollment in Penn State courses through any delivery system at any campus. Excluded from this calculation are grades in courses completed prior to academic renewal and grades earned in 800-level courses (formerly required for associate degrees). See Cumulative Credits for more information on credits excluded from this calculation.
To establish a realistic academic plan and to help motivate a student, calculating what it will take in a given semester/semesters to reach a specific “target” cumulative grade-point average (CGPA) may be helpful.
Use the Target Cumulative Grade-Point Average (CGPA) Calculator to determine the grades that a student must earn to reach a desired CGPA.
Although a desired CGPA might be attainable in theory, students should consider carefully whether their goals are realistic, taking into consideration their academic history and the demands of the course work to be scheduled.
The University may make changes in policies, procedures, educational offerings, and requirements at any time. Please consult a Penn State academic adviser for more detailed information.
The Division of Undergraduate Studies is committed to making its websites accessible to all users, and welcomes comments or suggestions on access improvements. Please send comments or suggestions on accessibility to the Division of Undergraduate Studies Web Team
Daily radiology practice centers around 3 devices: the Dictaphone, the keyboard, and the mouse. In our department, these have not changed in the last 15 years, and most PACS computers have the original devices.
Moreover, increasing case volumes and number of images per case contribute to reader fatigue and increase risk for medical errors.
Identify commercially available devices to increase radiologists’ productivity and reduce reader fatigue as part of a practice quality improvement (PQI) project.
As part of an ongoing project over the past 6 years, more than 20 input devices were purchased to replace the traditional hardware of the keyboard, mouse, and microphone. These devices included 3D mice, wired and wireless mice, tablets and touch pads, and programmable boards produced by companies such as 3Dconnexion®, Logitech®, Razer®, Wacom®, and IBM®.
Semi K Panel Dress PU Lace Allegra Sheath Black Sleeves Sheer Women Has previously identified essential features PLUS:
RVUs were assessed on 10 separate days before participants were introduced to the new mouse and on 10 days after they had become accustomed to it.
To reduce bias, volunteers were informed before the study that their productivity would be assessed but the methodology was not disclosed.
Of note, 5 of 17 attendings failed to incorporate the mouse into their practice and withdrew from the project.
Black Dress Allegra Panel Sleeves Lace Women Sheath PU Sheer K Semi Radiologists need ways to increase their efficiency as image volumes increase.
Few studies have assessed hardware updates as a way to improve productivity. Mammography is one subspecialty that has taken lead.
This study shows that upgrading technology is a simple, low cost way to increase productivity among diagnostic radiologists.
In a standard workday, an 11-25% increase in productivity translates into ~1-2 hours to do more research or teaching, read more cases, or focus more on diagnostic portion of the case and less on the technical side.
Toggle scroll: Allows user to toggle between traditional scroll wheel and fly-wheel mode for large image stacks (e.g. CTA with 1000+ images).
Perhaps considering the Logitech mouse an industrial mouse, not a gaming mouse may increase the willingness of some to incorporate it in practice.
This is not realistic: Participants would already know the results from the initial radiologic cases.
Dress Black Allegra PU Sleeves Women Semi Sheer Lace Sheath K Panel Control and experimental arms were not possible because no two radiologists read at the same pace.
To avoid the issue of seasonal volume fluctuation, ten 2-hour blocks were chosen at random to assess productivity for each radiologist
Radiologists were assigned to their respective subspecialty responsibility (e.g. the chest radiologist read chest x-rays).
We reviewed each of those 10 days for a 2 hr block in which the radiologist was most productive (measured in RVUs).
We recognize that RVUs may not be the ideal measurement of productivity, but we utilize this to maintain consistency.
In an academic environment with inherent interruptions from conferences, consultations, and teaching responsibilities, we chose a 2 hr block assuming this is a reasonably reproducible time period where the academic radiologist is reading with little interruption.
This pilot shows that for little cost, a commercially available product can significantly increase radiologists’ productivity, reducing fatigue, improving quality, and potentially reducing medical error.
Trainees are highly encouraged to explore new hardware devices as in this project. We believe this is a practical skill that will inevitably find its place in daily radiology practice. Please email me at Andrew.Chen@umassmemorial.org for comments or questions.
According to the ACA, approximately 11% of tenant debts are turned over to a collection agency. At FABCO, our collection services go above and beyond other agencies by reporting each and every account to one of the three National Credit Bureaus, as well as listing them on the individual’s FABCO Rental Report. Rental debt collection is our specialty here as we focus exclusively on the multi-housing industry.
FABCO has earned a respected reputation in the rental collection industry since its establishment in 1943. Nationally recognized and a member of the American Collectors Association, FABCO focuses solely on rental debt collection to achieve better results. Our specialization in the multi-housing industry ensures that our collectors are professionally trained in the specific areas of landlord-tenant law, including but not limited to leases, security deposits, and The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.
Our experienced collectors are professional, yet aggressive, and actively work to collect each account by utilizing exhaustive skip-tracing tactics to locate debtors. Beyond the dedication of our collectors, FABCO reports all collection accounts to one of the three national credit bureaus and places it on the individual’s FAB Rental Report.
FABCO reports and works all accounts free of charge with no pre-requisite of membership*. No debt is too small, and we accept accounts dating back 6 years regardless of previous collection attempts.
Whether the tenant has just moved out, or your attorney has deemed the account a “lost cause,” our Collection Department works every angle to provide clients with prompt and effective service.
We never give up on an account until it is paid in full or has subject to the time frame limitations as prescribed by law. We continue to monitor accounts from every angle and our strategic practices have proven results.
There is no fee or contract to sign when placing collection accounts with FABCO. We believe that a good collection agency does not charge upfront costs or require a contract.
♦ 60-40 Split: Whenever a payment is received, you will be forwarded 60% of the payment and we will retain 40%.
♦ 50-50 Split: Should we believe it is advantageous to pursue legal action against a debtor, we will forward a request for authorization asking you to remit initial court costs.
• When judgment is obtained and wages are garnished, we will forward 50% to you and retain 50% as our commission and to pay attorney fees (This excludes any additional fees incurred in cases of countersuit).
Collection checks are cut at the beginning of every month and will be mailed to you along with a breakdown of the payments received for the previous month and an acknowledgment of the new accounts you have turned over.
30 days after the tenant has moved out, send the completed Collection Assignment form into FABCO, along with other Collection Assignment Paperwork:
Pranesh is a registered Professional Engineer and has about 12 years of experience in the Energy Efficiency Consulting industry. Prior to joining TEC, he was with Nexant, Inc. and served as a Project Manager for several projects including SCE’s Enhanced Retro-commissioning program, SCE 3rd Party Industrial Energy Efficiency Program, and California State University Monitoring Based Commissioning Program. He holds an MS in in Mechanical Engineering from University of Massachusetts, Amherst and a BS in Mechanical Engineering from Regional Engineering College, Calicut, India.
In order to avoid all compatibilty errors or if you do not know the precise IBM reference, please visit the manufacturer's website.
Potters Bar Office Space, EN6 | Office Rental Rental price is based on one workstation per month. Please quote advert reference 2635	For more information on this... Favorites Potters Bar 21 Mar 2014 £295
ESİNOKS was founded in 1983 as a small initiative of two classmates. First of all, the company working in the field of Heating, Refrigeration and Plumbing was restructured in 1993 and positioned to respond to the requirements of heat transfer systems with the flow equipment of food, medicine, cosmetics, .
Both our country and the countries in our close geographical region offer fast and accurate materials with its extensive stocking facilities, experienced sales team and logistic services.
We are trying to meet customer demands first and every time on time and in the best quality by establishing a strong personnel infrastructure in the process from our establishment until today.
As Sesinoks, “Quality is a lifestyle” for us. Customer satisfaction comes first. In this direction, our company has ISO 9001: 2008 certificate, our products have CE, GOST and 3A certificates. In addition, each product has certificates showing the material properties. Our company has adopted the principle of contributing to the country’s economy with its quality products and services.
WINDOWS 10 SESSION from 9:30-10:30 AM with Informal Q&A and Discussion to follow for those who wish to remain
Please note: This Webpage has a built-in search engine. Just press CTRL + F (find) and insert your search word in the search box that appears.
WARNING! Do not click “check for updates” in Windows Update until the October Update (version 1809) is fully rolled out and the initial raft of bugs are fixed. No one knows when that will be, as of this notice. No one even knows when the rollout of version 1809 will resume.
Security patches will be installed automatically by Windows Update as they become available. You do not need to check for such updates. Just steer clear of the “check for updates” link.
[UPDATE 2: I have been told that I should provide my real name in order to get answers from Mr. Kovacs, at WND, about this issue.
I am very sorry, folks...but, I am sure no one will blame me for having to draw the line at providing my real name to anyone, especially someone in the press. People are mean and cruel about this issue, and frankly, I don't feel very comfortable with giving out my real name at this point. I do hope people appreciate the work I've done thus far -- but, I don't wish to provide my real name. And, I don't see why it matters if I do.
The photographs speak for themselves. The evidence speaks for itself. The questions are there regardless of my real life identity.
Therefore, I hope it does not appear hypocritical that I ask if there is a person willing to help. I have talked to many of you online that appear to openly use your real names...
And, I appreciate anyone in advance if they are willing and/or able to help. However, I do understand if a person would choose not to…MT]
[UPDATE: I have now heard back from both Mr. Farah and Mr. Kovacs, from WND, and must now eat my words on any criticism I implied about how quickly they responded to my request; although I do not yet have any answers to my questions to share with you. However, my communication with them just began. Please see the end of this post for my emailed response back to them.]
I have already sent a follow-up to WND because I find it curious that they are not more anxious to answer. After all, a crime has very likely been committed, according to the FBI and WND, themselves:
I am surprised to have not heard from you yet on my amazing discovery and request for a correction because there’s zero doubt that We, the People, have been badly duped by someone concerning the President’s alleged letter to Kapi’olani Hospital. Therefore, I am sending you a clear visual aid which shows both of the close-ups in question (of the seal, and of the signature) placed on the image of the full view of the letter for comparison.
For this visual aid, I resized and skewed the ‘seal closeup’ to match the other seal in size, but did nothing to the color. Of course, one seal could never really be matched to the other because one seal is incised and one is not. One is from a cream fiber writing stock and one is from a smooth white stock. I have included this graphic, so that there is no confusion that a retraction is absolutely necessary, and quickly, as is an explanation from WND, the White House and Kapi’olani Hospital.
I understand you are aware from your own work on this issue that the FBI said they must investigate the matter at this point because this fraudulent letter was used by Kapi’olani Hospital for fund-raising purposes:
“Late yesterday, though, Peters finally responded to WND’s inquiry when the news site informed the hospital that the FBI and United States Secret Service said the matter could potentially lead to criminal prosecution were the letter determined to be fraudulent.
“It would be a charity fraud scheme,” said FBI spokesman Steve Kodak. “It would be investigated by us or the Secret Service. We both have jurisdiction over that.”
Peters says Kapi’olani actually has a reproduction of the “original letter” on display at the hospital.”
For more information on paper, Google any paper mill/manufacturer and/or distributor online…or any office supply store. There you will find plenty of photographs of paper colors and close-ups of texture. Why? Because photographs serve as accurate visual references of the characteristics of a physical sheet of paper. In other words, don’t let anyone tell you a white, smooth sheet of paper with cool lighting could EVER be mistaken for a warm, cream colored, textured sheet of paper due to roughly a 3º camera angle change give or take a degree. The difference is visibly clear. The paper is just not a match. Not. Even. Close.
P.S. By the way, I am a 15 year veteran of print graphic design and have a Bachelor’s in Fine Art with a Concentration in Graphic Design and graduated magna cum laude and at the top of my class. I have 15 years of professional experience in dealing with print vendors, paper vendors, paper ordering and 15 years pre-press experience–including ordering embossed materials–and I have designed and ordered custom business letterhead too many times to mention. Six of those years I held the title of Creative Director. You can be certain my opinion is a professional opinion. Thank you again.
This cause requires you to play a part. Please help spread this info far and wide. You don’t even have to attribute it in any special way to me, just provide people a link so everyone can have the full information, links and images. This is too important, too criminal and it is too obvious to NOT put in their faces for answers.
I mean, talk about disrespecting the Office of the President… Someone is using bogus letters from the Office of the President and our White House for a fund-raising scheme. Geez.
After receiving two introductory/acknowledgment-type emails from WND, I replied with the following. I am posting it to keep everyone in the loop:]
“Thank you for the very quick responses, Mr. Kovacs and Mr. Farah. I prefer to remain anonymous, though–that has no relevance to the discrepancy I found.
First, let me clear this up, I expressed to WND, today that I was disappointed at the lack of their very immediate response. I felt I made it clear that I had set my sights very high in hoping for an immediate response from you and so any disappointment in your lack of response–in a single day, during the holidays–is clearly a reflection on my own anticipation. I made sure to state this upfront to you and at my blog.
Mr. Farah, I did not mean to put you on the defensive. I understand completely that no one would want to be accused of being responsible for perpetrating this brazen fraud on the public on purpose. But, it isn’t at all clear to me that WND is responsible for this fraud, and from reading Mr. Kovac’s article, it sounds like Kapi’olani Hospital took the photographs AND provided them to you.
I will make this insinuation perfectly clear on my blog when I report that I had quick responses from both of you today. Understand, too, I made a similar request for a retraction from Factcheck.org that has gone completely unanswered for nearly a month–perhaps I projected that disappointment on WND without realizing it.
I want you to know that I have suspended personal judgment on who is to blame, despite the concern I am picking up from you. That’s why I took this to you guys, not Kapi’olani Hospital, for answers. I just want answers as to how a raised seal from a different colored and textured document was published on your website and captioned as if it was a close-up of the seal on the white letter to Kapi’olani Hospital that was photographed and featured with it?
Do you intend to correct the caption under the photo in question and get to the bottom of it with Kapio’lani Hospital and the White House, as well as with the FBI and Secret Service?
I only ask that you provide the answers as you have them…I would like to report on this find and it’s too important to suffer any feet dragging. Not that I believe you have dragged your feet. Certainly, you have been a leader and example in covering this issue.
As I compose this, the grinch of the military and the scrooge of the regime, in Maj. Gen. Karl Horst and B. Hussein Obama have suffered themselves to create a POW of Lt. Col. Terry Lakin in his defending the United States Constitution from all threats foreign and domestic.
Interestingly, Barack Hussein Obama is both a foreign and domestic threat in being a foreign subject of Britain and Indonesia, and within on a mission of destruction of these United States.
It was in full authority for Maj. Gen. Karl Horst to grant clemency to Lt. Col. Terry Lakin, after his severe beating by that kangaroo court he faced convicting him of loving America. Yet, on Monday Karl Horst who looks like gay Karl Rove, and has that same Nazi sounding name like a group of other reich officers who are infamous for their bashing Jews about and throwing their own people into prisons, has decided in Obama allegiance to his flag to further torture Terry Lakin, United States Officer, Citizen and Gentleman.
I will inform each of you to consider that NONE OF THIS happened by accident. This entire kangaroo court was set up specifically to take in the Holy Days of Thanksgiving and Christmas, with the accent to throw Mr. Lakin into Leavenworth Kansas just before Christmas as a threat to EVERY UNITED STATES SOLDIER to go die for Obama in Obama's Cold Sore Wars now with the smell of sodomite excrement on the genitals.
So the Soldiers comprehend this, Lt. Col. Lakin was destroyed deliberately by the Obama regime and his political generals to threaten and terrorize Soldiers from asking questions of the telling answers.
Is it not amazing that Obama and Horst promote don't ask and don't tell, and yet will not allow anyone to ask about Obama's documentation and tell the "violators" to go to federal prison.
Maj. Gen. Karl Horst and his desk jockey, Col. Robert Manning are disgraces to the uniform, the service, this American Nation for their part in this. They are no more than the Vietcom in Hanoi knocking about US Soldiers for the brutality they have inflicted on Terry Lakin and his American family.
For the record, I located evidence which indeed is a psychological and command authority challenge to the kangaroo proceedings Karl Horst has tortured Terry Lakin with.
Not so amazing, the officer Horst has all of these photos of hisself standing with either undocumented B. Hussein Obama or his accompliced Aaron Burr Biden.
Is there not a matter of recusing oneself, moving a trial from enemy territory and upholding the Military Code, when you have a Soldier on trial concerning B. Hussein Obama, and all Horst is doing is sitting in the regime's lap giving the Heil Hitler?
Horst in photo evidence seems to suffer from Peggy Noonan Jungle Fever, as he can not grin more broadly or snuggle up to Mr. Obama close enough. Psychologically a fetish like that is a bias for Obama and a prejudice against Terry Lakin.
It is exactly what the entire Obamaniac corp which still has Peggy Noonan ranting in attacking Sarah Palin for simply loving America.
Therefore there are legal grounds all through this in gross prejudice against Terry Lakin on counts of his being caucasion, his challenging Horst's idiocy for being duped by undocumented Obama, and how this entire bias was heaped upon Terry Lakin in that kangaroo court by that disgraceful Denise Lind who oversaw the regime's crucifying of the Lt. Col.
There must be Congressional hearings on this, in Maj. Gen. Karl Horst being held accountable for what his military district engaged in, in terrorizing Lt. Col. Terry Lakin, and deliberately in conspiracy with Denise Lind, throwing Terry Lakin into federal prison to threaten all United States Soldiers.
These barbaric and heinous acts from inside the military, directed against an American Patriot in Terry Lakin is pure Red Square Pretty Peking Girl Baathist Iran.
This was no trial it was a sham lynching of Terry Lakin, just as every court hearing in America has been about defrauding Americans and protecting undocumented Obama.
When the GOP has more control of Congress in 2011, it is vital that Americans make Terry Lakin the issue to set him free, restore his honor, and to bring now Karl Horst, Denise Lind and Robert Manning to answer in Congress and the civilian courts for this torture of Terry Lind and his family.
This is not a matter any longer of just securing freedom for Terry Lind, but a matter of bringing his attackers to the criminal courts, whether it is next year, 2013 or twenty years from now. Terry Lakin has had his career destroyed, his liberty stolen and his reputation damaged by the Obama regime and his political officers.
This will make a most excellent early call for the Tea Party to set the demarcation line in supporting the under seige United States Soldiers who are being sodomized and criminalized by the Obama political corp.
They didn't need to come down on Terry Lakin in torturing this American, but chose to stomp him and grind him under their heals.
This jackboot thugocracy of Obama will be held accountable and the Karl Rove officer will be a first start in his employment at Leavenworth at hard labor for crimes against humanity.
Yes who is Barack Hussein Obama and why is Karl Horst and Denise Lind afraid of what is lurking under the Obama skin?
Amazing isn't it? What kind of a country does she think will there for her future baby? Does her Fox job mean so much that she has to sell her soul and the future of her children?...She's a fraud...just like BECK, O'REILLY, LEVIN, HANNITY and the rest of the gang at FOX. They have they're marching orders!...PROTECT AND PROP UP THE OBAMA REGIME AT ALL COSTS.
IS SHE A REAL JOURNALIST, OR AN IMPOSTOR? December 31, 2010 Dear Editor: The following email was sent to Megyn Kelly of Fox News in response to her recent coverage of those questioning Barack Hussein...
The parents of a Yelm soldier killed in Afghanistan earlier this month have received cards from friends and strangers expressing condolences, and they’re grateful for the support.
“As a father of someone killed, it is overwhelming,” said Lt. Col. Patrick Collins (Ret.). His son, Sgt. Sean Collins, was buried Wednesday at the Tahoma National Cemetery.
One slight came in a letter of condolences the family received from the office of Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash.
At first, the Collins family appreciated that Cantwell had taken the time to send a letter acknowledging their son’s sacrifice.
“Again, please accept my warmest condolences. May your memories of Bryn and the knowledge that he made a positive impact on the lives of so many serve as a source of comfort to you during this time of sorrow.”
The letter was dated Dec. 20 and delivered to Sean Collins’ mother, Linda Collins of Yelm. The error conveyed to the family that Cantwell had sent a form letter.
“They couldn’t even proofread it,” she said. “I’m sure if her son had died, she would’ve at least wanted his name spelled correctly.”
“That’s just sloppy staff work, that’s an embarrassment,” Patrick Collins said. He has not yet called Cantwell’s office to ask for an apology.
Cantwell’s office is on short staffing for the holiday week and has not replied to an email to its press staff. The Collins family was in touch with Cantwell’s office in the capital Thursday, and was told Cantwell’s staffers were looking into the mistake.
The other slight came when Patrick Collins called the White House and asked to have President Obama call his ex-wife, Linda, to talk about their son.
Later, Patrick Collins read a story about Obama’s phone call to Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffery Lurie. Obama reportedly praised Lurie for giving quarterback Michael Vick a second chance to play football after serving time in prison for running a dog fighting ring.
“Any soldier that gets killed in action, you’d think the president would be calling someone in the family. There’s no politics in it. His predecessor did it,” Collins said.
In the last waning hours of 2010, the Obama regime has given America a certain obscene gesture, yet again.
First, Janet Napolitano is at it again. She wants to make sure the border is secured and is devoting United States military resources. Officials from the Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Border Patrol, were working to enforce the border.
The border is the border in Afghanistan. If we are teaching the Afghans how to seal their border, do you think we could seal our own?
The family of Brian Terry, Border Patrol Agent, who was murdered earlier this month, might want an answer to that question.
Barack Obama gave Americans a big flip off at the end of the year. He took a huge family vacation to Hawaii. Being President is a stressful job. No one argues that. But America is in the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression.
Instead of taking an economic vacation, Obama is spending millions so he can have his two weeks in Hawaii. Of course, the millions are not his money. It is our money. He could have cut the expenses considerably by staying on a military base. This would have given him the same beachfront venue, but would have reduced security costs considerably. No, not for Obama. He is instead staying on a private property, about five minutes away from the military base. Of course, he is going on base every day with his family, but why bother him with those pesky details, like saving tax dollars.
Most Americans would love to take a Hawaii vacation. Some of them would like any vacation. Some Americans would like to have a job so they can take a vacation. While gas prices climb through $3 a gallon and more Americans lose their jobs, Obama’s message to them is simple. It is one last obscene gesture at the American people for 2010. Expect more from him in 2011.
Christine O'Donnell to be Investigated by FBI as They Evade the 'Obama Eligibility Issue'. Is it Time for Christine to GO BIRTHER?
Get used to tactics like this, because the Tea Party is the enemy of both parties...do not be fooled. I also find it interesting that this is taking place in the home state of Joseph "Stalin" Biden. I wonder if that has anything to do with this?
This is what happens under a communist regime. The members of "the party" walk around untouchable as their enemies get thrown into prison. This is tyranny at it's best and the Republicans will not even lift a finger to help this woman, because she is Tea Party.
My advice to Christine O' Donnell is "it is time to GO BIRTHER" and call out the hypocrisy of the Justice Department, the Republicans and Democrats for their cover up for this Kenyan fraud in the White House. How does a Kenyan become President? I thought you have to be a natural born citizen? Okay, Obama's communist mother was an anti-American. That is right, I forgot...
Christine O' Donnell? Do you hear me? This is your time to shine dear. Open your mouth and shake the very foundation of the corrupt bastards that want to persecute you. Where is the FBI investigation into John McCain when he swept a Senate hearing for Obama's eligibility under the rug KNOWING full well that there were pending lawsuits against Obama to release his records?
Start screaming birther my dear and scream it loud and proud. You will see the vermin scatter like the roaches that they are, because they fear this issue.
Have the guts to do what Glenn Beck and the rest failed to do. That idiot Beck is still talking about the founding fathers and Woodrow Wilson as the country is about to sink thanks to his assistance in squashing the eligibility issue. He is out of touch and so are the fools still watching him.
Any attractive conservative woman is seen as a threat to the left wing vermin, because they fear that they will lose the woman's vote.
International leftists and anti-American Democratic Socialists like MSNBC’s Chris Matthews(1) care,that’s who! These folks are the real “birthers,” desperate to prove that Obama is US born, with absolutely no help from their political messiah.
They care where Obama was born because they want to make the issue of presidential constitutional eligibility all about birth place, aka“native-born” status, instead of “natural-born” status, which has nothing to do with birth place. Leftists want anyone “born on US soil” to be eligible for the office of president, including “anchor babies” and even 14th Amendment citizens, none of whom are “natural-born citizens” of the United States. They want to rewrite Article II – Section I – Clause V via precedent and so far, they are doing a fine job of doing just that!
Leftists and even many ill-informed on the political right have worked tirelessly to make the issue of Obama’s eligibility all about nothing more than his birth place, alleged to be Hawaii. But birth place is only a demonstration of “native-born” status, not “natural-born” status.
Few modern day lawyers know what the US Constitution says or what it means. But historians do know and history is quite clear. History begins with understanding the difference between “natural law” and man-made statute. The term natural born citizen is based in natural law, and as such, it is a foundation for many man-made statutes.
During the formation of our new country, it was necessary to establish national sovereignty for the purpose of national security. The terms used to accomplish this had to meet standing international laws and treaties of the time, in order for our nation to be recognized by all other nations as a sovereign nation with sovereign citizens and citizens’ rights.
The international standard in place then and now is known as The Law of Nations. We see this term referenced in our US Constitution under Article I – Section VIII – the Enumerated Powers section of our Constitution, wherein it states that Congress shall have the power – “To define and punish - Offenses against the Law of Nations;” – note that Law of Nations is capitalized, referring to the international treaty defining national sovereignty and citizenship the world over.
To George Washington, President of the Constitutional Convention, Jay writes “Permit me to hint whether it would not be wise and seasonable to provide a strong check to the admission of foreigners into the administration of our national government; and to declare expressly that the command in chief of the American army shall not be given to, nor devolve on any but a natural born citizen.” Jay not only knew of Vattel, as can be seen from his correspondence with James Madison in 1780 during treaty negotiations with Spain, but he was also a proponent of Vattel as well. –More history here
The Law of Nations treaty is the foundation for our national sovereignty and the term “natural born citizen” is found, and was studied by our nation’s founders, in a book written by Emerich de Vattel in 1758. The book was a scholarly in-depth look at what constitutes a sovereign nation, a citizen and citizen rights, recognized throughout the civilized world.
In it, Vattel defines “citizen” and “natural-born citizen” – which became the standard that must be met by anyone seeking the highest office in our land, the office of President and Commander-in-Chief.
Book one chapter 19, § 212. Of the citizens and natives. – reads as follows – pay particular attention to the sections in BOLD.
“The citizens are the members of the civil society; bound to this society by certain duties, and subject to its authority, they equally participate in its advantages. The natives, or natural-born citizens, are those born in the country, of parents who are citizens. As the society cannot exist and perpetuate itself otherwise than by the children of the citizens, those children naturally follow the condition of their fathers, and succeed to all their rights. The society is supposed to desire this, in consequence of what it owes to its own preservation; and it is presumed, as matter of course, that each citizen, on entering into society, reserves to his children the right of becoming members of it. The country of the fathers is therefore that of the children; and these become true citizens merely by their tacit consent. We shall soon see whether, on their coming to the years of discretion, they may renounce their right, and what they owe to the society in which they were born.I say, that, in order to be of the country, it is necessary that a person be born of a father who is a citizen; for, if he is born there of a foreigner, it will be only the place of his birth, and not his country.”
The following section has created confusion for some – “The natives, or natural-born citizens, are those born in the country, of parents who are citizens.”
Yet this statement is not in conflict with the balance of the overall section. Both “native” and “natural” born citizens are indeed “citizens” by birth, born in the country (on US soil), of parents (two parents) who are citizens. This means that anchor babies, while “citizens” due to 14th Amendment laws, are neither “native” nor “natural” born citizens. They are only “citizens, via man-made laws related to immigration and naturalization statutes.
However, the sections pertaining specifically to the topic of “natural-born” citizens is very clear – “As the society cannot exist and perpetuate itself otherwise than by the children of the citizens, those children naturally follow the condition of their fathers, and succeed to all their rights. - The country of the fathers is therefore that of the children; - I say, that, in order to be of the country, it is necessary that a person be born of a father whois a citizen; for, if he is born there of a foreigner, it will be only the place of his birth, and not his country.”
The political left, which has worked for more than a hundred years to dismantle the US Constitution via judicial fiat and broad interpretations of constitutional text that borders on subversion and treason, hopes to limit the term “natural-born citizen” to nothing more than birth place, or “native-born” status and they don’t even see a need for a legitimate birth certificate from the applicant for President.
The political right hopes to rewrite the term “natural-born citizen” as well, adding to the “condition of their fathers” requirement put in place by our founders, a birth place and mother’s citizenship
People who opposed John McCain’s bid for the White House developed this interpretation from thin air for the purpose of disqualifying McCain’s campaign for the Presidency. However, this interpretation is just as improper and the left’s interpretation which asserts that essentially all citizens are natural-born citizens, including 14th Amendment naturalization citizens.
As Chris Matthews attempts in the MSNBC video clip linked here, leftists continue to speak about whether or not Barack Obama is a legal US citizen. Of course, the debate is not really over whether or not Obama is a legal US citizen, although that might be a valid question under his highly unusual family circumstances.
The constitutional question is based upon whether or not Barack Hussein Obama is a “natural-born citizen” as required for the office of President under Article II – Section I of the US Constitution, which reads - “No person except a natural born citizen, or a citizen of the United States, at the time of the adoption of this Constitution (our founding fathers), shall be eligible to the office of President;”
According to the actual definition of natural born citizen placed in our Constitution, Barack Hussein Obama cannot possibly be a natural born citizen of the Unites States no matter where on earth he may have been born. At birth, he naturally inherited the “condition of his father,” who was at no time in his life a US citizen.
Barack Obama’s father was a foreign national, a citizen of Kenya - then ruled by Britain. Inheriting the condition of his father at birth, Barack Hussein Obama was born with the natural citizenship rights of his father, a British subject and citizen of Kenya, not theUnited States.
As such, Barack Hussein Obama was born with foreign loyalties and as a result, he violates the natural born citizen requirement for the office he currently holds and everyone including all members of the US Supreme Court know it. Barack Hussein Obama is precisely the type of citizen the founders were attempting to block from holding the highest office in this land. Yet, Barack Hussein Obama is the sitting President of the United States, in great part due to the intentional misinformation floated and perpetuated on the matter.
The truth is - nobody knows because Obama refuses to provide any legitimate proof answering this question, not even a simple birth certificate that every other natural born citizen of the USA has in their possession.
Was Barack Hussein Obama adopted by Lolo Soetoro as a citizen of Indonesia and did Obama naturalize to US citizenship upon return from Indonesia?
All evidence available says that Obama was indeed adopted by Lolo Soetoro, making him a citizen of Indonesia at the time. What happened next, nobody knows, once again, because Obama refuses to answer the questions.
Based upon his known family history as well as his focus on international interests versus national interests, one must honestly conclude that Barack Hussein Obama does indeed have at best, dual and divided loyalties.
No… a birth certificate for Hawaii will result in establishing only the place of his birth, his “native born” status, NOT his “natural-born” status. His natural-born status is already answered in Obama’s own
statements, that he is the son of a foreign national. If a birth certificate shows someone other than Barack Obama Sr. as his natural birth father, then Barack Hussein Obama is a fraud and cannot hold
If Republicans don’t address this issue upon swearing into power in January, then Republicans are complicit, the constitution is dead, and the people are on their own.
The American patriot either gets this one right, or they get nothing else right. The world is not laughing at Obama, they are laughing at the ignorant spineless Americans who prefer politicking over their own constitution. As long as we fail to clean up our own house, the rest of the world has no reason to respect our opinions on anything else.
We right this wrong, or all wrongs stand! The entire free world is watching and so far, nobody is impressed!
Chris Matthews, Bill O'Reilly, Anderson Cooper, Megyn Kelly and the rest of the shill media, not to mention the entire 111th Congress have a problem on their hands.
Governor Neil Abercrombie shooting off his mouth about digging up Obama's B/C, followed up by Chris Matthews comments about wanting to see the "real" birth certificate too, has created a new fire storm.
The obvious question is-- "But Chris , and 111th, you've been telling the American people the COLB is the real deal, why the change ? Could it be you've all been lying all along?"
How is this going to play in DC when Congress reconvenes? Are any of the new guard going to want some answers? They should.
I have another posit I'll share after the holiday on this matter, but for now try to enjoy your celebration of the coming new year in the Un-united Socialist States of Amerika. Inshallah, Peace be with you Comrades.
“On June 13, 2008, the Obama campaign released a copy of his birth certificate after numerous claims were made about his eligibility to hold the office of President. The released copy created additional questions, because it contained a blacked out department file number and was apparently missing a seal, and it was impossible to detect raised text, a common characteristic of official documents. There were satisfactory answers to such questions, however: the department file number had been blacked out to prevent hackers from breaking into the Health Department’s system, and the State places the seal on the back of the certificate. The website Factcheck.org investigated the matter and provided high-resolution photos taken at multiple angles that revealed the raised text and the seal on the back of the document…
… Accordingly, it has been concluded that President Obama has met the constitutional qualifications to be President of the United States.“
And if Congress concluded based, in part, on ‘raised text’ appearing on the back of Obama’s COLB that he “met the constitutional qualifications to be President of the United States,” then they concluded WRONG.
I was just having a look-see at the ‘Kapi’olani Letter’ allegedly sent from ‘Barrack’ Obama to Kapi’olani Hospital, and discussed by World Net Daily in their article, “BORN IN THE USA? ‘Birth hospital’: Letter for Real;” and imagine my shock when I noticed that the White House seal on the letterhead appears to be incised in the full view of the letter, but the “close-up” featured within the article shows a raised seal.
It’s not clear to me whether WND is responsible for this ‘fraud’ or whether Kapi’olani Hospital sent the ‘close-up,’ however, it appears someone is trying to pull ANOTHER fast one.
Take a look and decide for yourself, I’ve given you my opinion. What’s yours? Here’s the full image posted by WND:
Here is the “close-up” of the seal they featured and captioned as “A close-up view of the letter photographed by the Kapi’olani Medical Center reveals an embossed presidential seal as part of the letterhead:’
And here is a close-up taken by me from the full version (above). I cropped and enlarged it. I did not do anything else to this close-up but increase the resolution for a better view:
Wow. There appears to be shadows where there should be highlights. The seal appears inverted although not reversed. In Photoshop, I adjusted the shadows to enhance them for my own curiosity and, yes, this appears to be fact. Here’s the enhanced version I created for other curious folks:
If anyone has any other images of this letter or any input to help me understand this one, please contact me using the form below. I just encountered this anamoly this evening so this little drama is still unfolding.
[UPDATE 2: Based on the full view of the letter (above), the lighting strongest lighting is coming from the left. There should be no shadows on the left of the seal’s features if it’s raised. The raised features would be highlighted from that direction. Instead there are shadows on the left of the emblem's details.
It’s pretty clear it is not a raised seal. Those shadows are within the incised areas of the seal's features.
[UPDATE 3: It does appear that the full view version of the letter may be on a white sheet of paper while the close-up was taken from an off-white or cream colored stock with a visible tooth (cotton fibers). So strange...]
[UPDATE 4: Well, hello? The other featured close-up from the full view letter, of Obama's signature, is CLEARLY on a white sheet of paper, unlike the alleged close-up of the 'raised' White House seal which is on a cream colored sheet of paper. The paper in the two separate close-ups is not the same, at all. ***CASE CLOSED*** that raised seal is NOT a photo of the seal on the full letter presented at WND. There's no possible way. Again, HOW MUCH MORE OF THIS DO AMERICAN HUMAN BEINGS HAVE TO TAKE BEFORE SOMEONE, MEDIA OR CONGRESS, TAKES ACTION???
Here is the full view of the letter again and the two 'alleged' close-ups on cream and white paper with the captions from WND:
White paper stock. CAPTION FROM WND: "Barack Obama states in this purported letter from him on what appears to be White House stationery that he was born at the Kapi'olani Medical Center for Women and Children in Honolulu. The letter was posted by the medical center for nearly six months on its website and used for fundraising before electronically hidden once WND disclosed it was not an actual paper letter, but merely HTML coding. The hospital now says it has a real document, though the White House has still not verified its authenticity."
White paper stock. CAPTION FROM WND: "A close-up view of the photographed letter reveals the signature on this document is a far cry from the crude, computer-generated graphic made to look like a letter on the Kapi'olani Medical Center's website.That online image was concealed by the hospital after WND revealed it was not a photo of an actual paper letter."
Cream paper stock. CAPTION FROM WND: "A close-up view of the letter photographed by the Kapi'olani Medical Center reveals an embossed presidential seal as part of the letterhead."
Those rich SOBs are laughing in our faces while blatant evidence piles and piles… Pigs at a trough. Let’s never elect pigs like this again. This has been a real eye-opener. All of America deserves lies and we deserve to be victims of fraudulent activity to protect ONE dirty rotten politician????????? Puke.]
[Author's Note: A higher resolution version of the full view photograph of the letter above must exist somewhere – it was taken with a digital camera less than two years ago. Where is the high resolution photo of the full version of the letter, because this clear cropped close-up indicates a much higher resolution photo exists? WND? Kapi'olani Hospital? Where did this photo come from? Just who is responsible for this photo of *ahem* ANOTHER fraudulent seal? Cough it up. We don't need a DIFFERENT larger photo, where is the one from above? It is EVIDENCE, it must be preserved so whoever has is it should NOT destroy it – that is a crime.
Most of us realize now that these criminals are laughing at us. They are laughing because in their arrogant minds, we were all too 'stupid' to know how to authenticate records. Oh, ha, ha. I guess being construction workers, teachers, mothers, graphic designers.....and plumbers must make us little guys look like a bunch of nothings to the political elitist rich bastards scamming EVERY American. These criminals aren't just scamming conservatives, they are scamming LIBERALS and independents. Everyone is getting the shaft. They make me sick. And any TOOL condoning this behavior must just love getting screwed by the political class. Shame on any Obama supporter for putting up with it, let alone, defending it or explaining it away. Find a little self-esteem, already. I am sick of living with YOUR LOW STANDARDS.]
Proof that a president is a natural born citizen should be publicly available. It's common sense. It's a no-brainer. And yet LTC Lakin sits in prison while "Obama" extends his Hawaiian vacation at taxpayer expense!
Did you know that current Hawaii Lt. Gov. Brian Schatz who as Chair of the HDP in 2008 authorized Obama's name be placed on the ballot...actually taught in Kenya and went to school there?...What are the odds?
Governor Abercrombie’s recent pronouncements indicate to me, he believes no documents were available in the public record which could have provided a basis for the oath taken in 2008 by his Lieutenant Governor Brian Schatz, then Chair of the HI Democratic Party, to HI election officials guaranteeing then candidate Barack Obama was Constitutionally eligible for the office of POTUS, which sworn statement was required under HRS §11-113 before these officials could authorize his name to be printed on HI state ballots.
What does arouse my suspicion in HI is the ‘coincidence’ that Mr. Schatz, Chair of the HDP, taught in Kenya and went to school there, in the early ’90′s… What are the odds?
Regular readers of “jbjd” already know that documentary evidence available in the public record establishes Barack Obama stole the 2008 D Presidential nomination and then snookered a slight plurality of the American people into voting for him by tricking election officials in several states that require eligibility for office as a precondition to printing the candidate’s name on both primary and general election ballots, to print his name on the ballot, notwithstanding neither he nor anyone else who vouched he was qualified for office disclosed documentary evidence available in the public record that would establish, he is eligible for the job. But you might have missed this.
Mr. Obama has begun wiping the 2008 slate clean, thereby announcing he intends to preserve the option to do this to us all over again in 2012.
Way back in August 2009 I published an article on this blog entitled, RUMORS, LIES, and UNSUBSTANTIATED ‘FACTS’ in which I established that Annenberg Political FactCheck (“APFC”), the source often cited by members of Congress to their constituents whose work they wrongly assert has ‘proven’ the ‘fact’ Obama is a NBC, does not actually check facts. For example, I showed the image of a ‘newspaper birth announcement’ displayed on APFC’s web site which they accredited to the Honolulu Advertiser claiming the information they were posting on the APFC site had been uncovered by a “researcher” whose results an anonymous commenter then posted on the td (TexasDarlin) blog. Based only on this chain of custody, that is, unnamed researcher->anonymous blogger->td blog->APFC, APFC now opined that this image they had thus obtained proved Obama was born in HI. Just to be clear, clicking on the fourth hand image on APFC did not bring me to the work of this “researcher” or, to the birth announcement page of the edition of the Honolulu Advertiser APFC claimed was printed on “Sunday, Aug. 13, 1961.” Instead, it took me back to the td blog.
Yep; APFC claimed to authenticate Obama was born in HI with the use of an unauthenticated image of text they named “Obama’s birth announcement” only viewable through the aid of a computer screen.
Well, since I first posted that article ‘outing’ APFC in August 2009, a couple of noteworthy changes have occurred. First, the Honolulu Advertiser is now the Honolulu Star-Advertiser. (The paper ceased publication in July 2010.)
Second, APFC has amended that suspect link so that clicking on the image of that fake newspaper announcement posted on their blog now takes the reader not to the td blog but to the current front page of the recently formed Honolulu Star-Advertiser! (H/T azgo.)
(APFC has posted several updates on that same page I referenced in my August 2009 expose. But, for some reason, while they note the date and reason for these other updates, they notably fail to mention they updated the link in the fake birth announcement image.)
For those people who bother to verify such information, winding up at the site of the Honolulu Star-Advertiser would be enough to end their search and to assume the information posted on APFC was true. But we know better.
If you try hard, you can find a link on the front page of the Honolulu Star-Advertiser to Archives from the old Honolulu Advertiser. However, this archive function only allows readers to trace articles back to 11.30.02. So, even if this fictional Obama birth announcement was real, readers still could not locate this birth announcement via the on-line Archives, anyway. If any birth announcements were published on Aug. 13, 1961, evidence of such publication might be found by researching microfiche or microfilm holdings of earlier publications. These could be ‘screen captured’ and posted on the APFC site. But they are not. (Maybe that’s because the State of HI Libraries keep no copies of the Honolulu Advertiser from way back then. http://www.state.hi.us/lrb/serials1/serialsh.html and http://ipac2.librarieshawaii.org:81/ipac20/ipac.jsp?session=129F790MT7494.375&menu=search&aspect=basic_search&npp=10&ipp=20&spp=20&profile=main&ri=1&source=~!comres_train&index=.NK&term=honolulu+advertiser&x=9&y=8&aspect=basic_search)
So, it would seem even with their surreptitious tweaking, APFC again clearly intended to provide inquiring minds with no verifiable evidence the old Honolulu Advertiser carried a birth announcement for Barack Obama on Sunday, Aug. 13, 1961. On the contrary, if they had meant to support their claims with verifiable documentation, they could have given readers more information than just their word, now or the last time they pulled such tripe.
HEY ABERCROMBIE...Want to see the birth certificate? Check in with "NO SPIN" Bill O'Reilly...He's seen the birth certificate!...What say you Bill?...
Jeff Kuhner of Washington Times: Top Democrats & Top Senior Editors Concerned about Obama's Eligibility; Media Abdicating Their Responsibility.
Video: Jeff Kuhner of the Washington Times: People around the White House and in democratic circles including senior top editors afraid to pursue Obama's Eligibility and records concealment. Kuhner says...
No matter how hard these neutered steers pull on their yoke, there’s no denying that warmist views are a cruel joke. There is no question that Climatology has operated with a scientific blind spot for decades. Under normal circumstances this would have been resolved through debate with the wider scientific community.
"He's doing a great job, and I don't use the term 'great' loosely," she said. "The amount of pressure and opinions coming at him from every direction, to be steadfast and solid in your own conviction about how you see this country and what you believe is possible for the future of this country. I think that takes a lot of guts."
President Obama and his family are enjoying a delightful Christmas vacation with friends and family in the chief executive's home state of Hawaii.
Nobody questions a president's right or need to take take away from the White House, but an investigation by Hawaii Reporter has turned up some eye-opening information about the costs and other aspects of the Obama get-away.
* Housing in beachfront homes for Secret Service and Seals in Kailua ($1,200 a day for 14 days): $16,800
* Costs for White House staff staying at Moana Hotel: $134,400 ($400 per day for 24 staff) – excluding meals and other room costs
But that $1.47 million figure leaves out a number of signficant costs that simply could not be calculated by Hawaii Reporter:
* Costs for car rentals and fuel for White House staff staying at Moana Hotel (Secret Service imports most of the cars used here to escort the president).
White House spokesmen insist Obama's vacation expenses are in line with those of previous presidents, which may well be true, but, since the government refuses to disclose many important details about any presidential journey, nobody can know for sure.
There appear to be reasons to suspect the Obamas' trip could have been done for less, according to Hawaii Reporter.
"They could have chosen a less expensive and more secure place to stay such as a beachfront home on the Kaneohe Marine Corps Air Station – just a two-minute drive away from the Kailuana Place property where they are now," according to Hawaii Reporter.
"The president visits the military base daily to workout, bowl with his kids or enjoy the more private beach there. He also could have stayed at a home 15 minutes away on the beach fronting Bellows Air Force Base as President Bill Clinton did."
But Obama and friends opted instead to secure use of three luxury beachfront places, including the “Winter White House” – or Kailua home that the president rents two weeks a year.
That facility, Hawaii Reporter, noted, normally rents for an estimated $3,500 a day or $75,000 a month, according to the web site Gadling.com.
The latter describes the place as a “7,000 square foot home [that] features 5 bedrooms, 5 ½ bathrooms, a media room with surround sound, a kitchen suited for a master chef, a dining room and great room, a secluded lagoon-style pool with tropical waterfalls and a lavish island spa. The ocean lanai and garden lanai showcase ornate landscaping and stunning views of Kailua Bay and Mount Olomana.”
"Historical analysis establishes, therefore, that ... respondent Obama, since his father was a Kenyan of British citizenship and not a U. S. citizen, was not 'eligible to the office of president,…' Therefore his appointment of the present Justices Sotomayor and Kagan are not valid appointments under the Constitution and they should not, therefore, be sitting as justices deciding upon our petition if this court itself observes the law it has set out under the Constitution as the supreme law of the land. Otherwise the concept of a rule of law based upon the Constitution, which we contend is at issue in our petition, is being flouted at the very outset of consideration of the petition," the motion explains.
Each of these individuals have been heavily supported, trained, schooled, and manipulated (willingly) by the elements of the New World Order, including the Bilderbergs, Trilateral Commission, Council on Foreign Relations, and several other secret societies whose goal is world dominance by any means. Their agenda is that of the NWO, whether hiding as a republican or a democrat. They have all used the intelligence agency-created ‘Islamic jihad terrorists’ and the monetary system to wreak havoc in the United States and around the world…with the goal of using deadly false flag events to assert more NWO control over America and to reduce the population to slaves.
Obama, a CIA creature created out of whole cloth, is probably the ultimate combination of the deadliness of all three of his predecessors, with the added danger of befriending jihad and sharia law. It is widely suspected that GWH Bush recruited both Clinton and Obama because of the connections to and plan to implement the NWO regime. Obama was the new ‘face’ of the NWO, cynically designed to lull the masses into thinking something was ‘different’ about bald-faced lies he presented to Americans.
GHW Bush, aka, George Scherff, was the son of a supposed U.S. Senator Prescott Bush who was intimately involved in Hitler’s rise to power, and after the war, in Operation Paperclip, recruited Nazi scientists and brought them to the United States. Of Prescott Bush, the UK Guardian noted:
Code Lyoko tells the story of a group of students who uncover a parallel universe called Lyoko inside a super-computer that is threatened by a virus that could destroy the universe. Three boarding school students and a day student, Jeremie, Odd, Ulrich, and Yumi, must help a virtual humanoid creature named -Aelita- to stop rogue computer X.A.N.A.'s latest attack on their real world. Series 1: Yumi, Odd, Ulrich, Projectile Launching Block
Electronic finding aid was encoded in EAD 2002 by Dianne Ritchey in January 2010. Description is in English.
This collection documents the literary life of the writer Josef Kastein, born Julius Katzenstein. His literary work and his biographical details are the main features of the collection, which includes some of his manuscripts and personal correspondence with Shulamith Kastein. Other materials include the correspondence of Shulamith Kastein with publishers and individuals researching her husband's life and articles and clippings about him.
Julius Katzenstein was born on October 6, 1890 in Bremen, the son of Manus Katzenstein and his wife Karoline Katzenstein née Aschenberg. He had a younger brother, Leopold. In 1911 he began studying law at the University of Munich, where he became a member of a student Zionist movement. He continued his legal studies at universties in Freiburg im Breisgau, Berlin, and Göttingen, with his first trip to Palestine taken during this time, in 1913. In 1916 he returned to Palestine with Ilse Mengers, who would later become his first wife. After completing his studies he worked as a lawyer in his hometown, Bremen. In 1919 his eldest son was born; a second would follow in 1921.
In addition to his legal work Julius Katzenstein also began to write under the name Josef Kastein. His first pieces were some poetry and the play Arbeiter, about Eastern European Jews, which was published in 1921. In 1922 his first novel Die Brücke was published. In 1926 he and his first wife separated, but he continued to write; in the following year he produced the novels Melchior and Pik Adam.
In 1928 Kastein gave up his legal career, left Bremen, and settled in Switzerland, first in Ascona and then later in Moscia, where he was a neighbor of the popular biographer Emil Ludwig. At this time he began to contribute to publications as well as continue to write longer works. In 1932 he resettled Palestine, first in Tel Aviv and then later in Haifa, where he would remain for the rest of his life. These years in Palestine proved to be his most prolific, and he produced a number of works during this time. To supplement his income Josef Kastein also gave lectures and taught Hebrew. It was also at this time that he met his second wife Shulamith Kastein, born as Margarethe Vogl.
The Josef Kastein and Shulamith Kastein Collection primarily details the life and literary work of the author Josef Kastein. Born as Julius Katzenstein, nearly every document in this collection refers to the author as Josef Kastein, including his own letters, and so it is by this name that he is referenced in this finding aid. The collection primarily consists of correspondence and typed manuscripts, but also includes some clippings and articles on Josef Kastein, and a very few photographs.
Josef Kastein's writing is the dominant subject of this collection. Papers related to this topic include those of Series II, which holds manuscripts of some of his published and unpublished works, both fiction and non-fiction. Most of the manuscripts appertain to Jewish motifs, with two works focusing on Theodor Herzl (Das neue Pantheon) and Stefan Zweig (Das Schicksal des Stefan Zweig). Although most of these are in German, his untitled children's story was translated into English by Shulamith Kastein and given the title Michael and the Book. Kastein's writings are also frequently mentioned in his letters to Shulamith Kastein, in Series I, where he discusses his progress on various pieces as well as giving his opinion on themes mentioned in the works. Others' opinions on Josef Kastein's writing will be found among the correspondence to Shulamith Kastein from the biographers Alfred Dreyer and Friedrich Gläbe and in the published articles on him, found in Series III.
Another prominent topic in this collection is the biographical information on Josef Kastein, which may be found in nearly every series of the collection. Series I: Correspondence contains a great deal of information on his later life in Haifa, with details on his residence, employment and health. These letters additionally include descriptions of life in 1930s and 1940s Palestine, with mention of the turmoil in the development of the nation. Letters to Shulamith Kastein from Alfred Dreyer and Friedrich Gläbe also hold some biographical information on Josef Kastein; Alfred Dreyer's biographical sketches in Series III provide further details.
Some items have been removed from this collection, including some photographs and an audiocassette of a radio interview with Alfred Dreyer on Josef Kastein. These will be found in the LBI Photograph Collection and Audiovisual Collection, respectively.
Josef Kastein's memoirs of his early life, entitled Mosaiken, are also available at the LBI [ME 354].
An audiocassette containing a radio interview with Alfred Dreyer speaking on Josef Kastein was removed from folder 1/18 and placed in the Audiovisual Collection. Some photographs have been removed to the Photograph Collection; a list of these is present in the abovementioned folder.
During preparation of the EAD finding aid the collection was reorganized to gather folders with similar material together to create series and to provide miscellaneous folders with more precise titles. Description was also added to the finding aid at this time.
The following section contains a detailed listing of the materials in the collection. Follow the links to access the digitized materials.
Series I contains the correspondence of Josef and Shulamith Kastein. Most of the correspondence is from Josef Kastein in Palesine to Shulamith Kastein in New York, from Shulamith Kastein to publishers of her husband's work, and from researchers of her husband to Shulamith Kastein.
Four folders contain personal letters from Josef Kastein to his future wife Shulamith, including letters from 1935 to 1945. His life in Haifa is often mentioned, with discussion of his daily activities and significant events in Palestine as well as his deteriorating health. Josef Kastein also frequently brings up his writing, disclosing problems or difficulties with certain works, his progress on various novels, especially Herodes, and his opinions on his own writing. The letters additionally mention the manuscripts he sent to Shulamith and his instructions to her in regards to finding publishers for his works in New York. His correspondence from 1941 frequently mentions his intention to immigrate to the United States, a decision that he ultimately abandoned due to health concerns. A letter from 1946 to Shulamith from Josef Kastein's sons informs her of her husband's death in Palestine.
Shulamith Kastein's correspondence consists of letters with publishers concerning her husband's work as well as with individuals who were researching his life, especially Alfred Dreyer, who was working on a biography. The initial folder of Shulamith Kastein's correspondence primarily holds letters with publishers. Many of these letters report on the publisher's rejection of various works, but there are also receipts for payments, a copy of a contract for Josef Kastein's History of the Jews, and a few obituaries for him. Correspondence between researchers and herself consist of letters from Alfred Dreyer and Friedrich Gläbe. The letters of Alfred Dreyer, who had worked with Josef Kastein when he was still a lawyer in Bremen, are extensive and update Shulamith Kastein on his work. He also often requests information from her such as biographical details and her reminiscences of Josef Kastein's opinions on certain subjects. This folder additionally includes a few letters of publishers from the early 1940s and a copy of a brief autobiography by Josef Kastein. The final folder of Shulamith Kastein's correspondence is with researcher Friedrich Gläbe. A letter from this individual in 1972 gives his opinion on Josef Kastein's disappointment with the more practical Zionism that developed in Palestine in opposition to earlier forms of Zionism, as evidenced in Kastein's political articles in newspapers.
This series is comprised of typewritten manuscripts of Josef Kastein's writings, three of which do not appear to have been published. Series II includes both fiction and non-fiction pieces.
Fictional works by Josef Kastein include those of the first three folders of the series. Erster Teil einer Utopie describes the world in 1995, with people of the late twentieth century interested in the promotion of civilization, nature, and world peace. Michael and the Book, in both an English and an untitled German version of the same tale, is a children's story that concerns a boy who has no interest in reading until he goes on his own adventure.
The remaining works of this series are non-fiction and philosophical. Das neue Pantheon discusses the importance of intellectuals in the development of modern Jewish culture, with specific emphasis on the contributions of Theodor Herzl. On Being a Jew, despite having an English title, is written in German and is a piece intended for non-Jews. It mentions the Jewish problem and the psychological relationship of the Jewish individual to the rest of society. The final manuscript of this series, Das Schicksal des Stefan Zweig, is a shorter piece, a philosophical consideration of the events in Stefan Zweig's life and what drove him to leave his homeland and eventually commit suicide, with emphasis on Zweig's feeling of homelessness.
Series III holds documents with biographical information on Josef Kastein. Most of the material in this series are articles on him.
Two folders hold more detailed biographies on Josef Kastein. The first folder of biographical sketches include an excerpt of a radio interview and a copy of Josef Kastein's one-page autobiography. It also includes the text of a 1938 lecture at WIZO in Tel Aviv that discusses the settlement of Palestine, but which was originally located with the biographical sketches found in the remainder of the folder. Alfred Dreyer's biographies of Kastein include shorter entries for several biographical encyclopedias as well as the text of a leture he gave at the Gesellschaft für christlich-jüdische Zusammenarbeit in Bremen. This folder also includes Dreyer's bibliography of books and archival material on Kastein and several versions of biographies on him.
This series additionally contains some newspaper clippings on Josef Kastein, including one by Friedrich Gläbe and one that mentions the connection between Alfred Dreyer and Kastein. The final folder of this series holds a program listing from Radio Bremen depicting an interview with Alfred Dreyer on Kastein; the audiocassette of this radio program has been removed to the LBI Audiovisual Collection. A few photographs are present in this folder as well, further photographs of Kastein are located in the LBI Photograph Collection.
Series IV consists of the published text of a play by Alfred Dreyer that does specifically pertain to Josef Kastein, and was mentioned in Dreyer's letters to Shulamith Kastein.
Cromlyn House Veterinary Clinic 50 Old Coach Road, Hillsborough, County Down, BT26 6PB - Dromore Leader
My Teaching Philosophy:Literacy and the ability to effectively communicate are the cornerstones of education. My teaching style is based on the following philosophies: composition theory/process based pedagogy, social constructionist theory, critical pedagogy, and cognitive psychology.
In terms of composition theory, I believe that process must be emphasized over product. If students can develop and refine their own writing process, while understanding the various nuances of academic discourses communities and genre specific writing, they will be capable of effectively writing to a given audience with a specific purpose. In the words of Peter Elbow, the renowned composition scholar, the focus should be on helping to develop better writers, not better papers. To achieve this end, the concept of writing process is interwoven throughout the class. By addressing correctness and propriety last, students begin to understand that developing a strong writing process will eventually lead to a strong product.
Social constructionist theory in composition primarily focuses on the way in which audience (community) shapes the discourse of community. The concept of collaboration is also privileged in that knowledge and reality are “mediated by or constructed through language in social use as socially constructed, contextualized, as in short, the product of collaboration (Lunsford)." These concepts provide the rational for posting position papers, peer review workshops, writing for real audiences, and the sharing of our learning in the classroom.
Critical Pedagogy plays a role through the equalizing relationship between the students and the instructor. That is, although the students and the instructor have different levels of expertise, learning is explicitly seen as a two way street where all participants learn from one another. Moreover, students are given opportunities to actively create knowledge whether it’s through the verbal interaction in class discussion or the concrete creation of knowledge through writing papers and giving presentations. These are all exercises in critical consciousness, which enables the participants to see themselves as agents rather than passive, static consumers of information.
Lastly, Cognitive Psychology factors into my teaching philosophy primarily through the concepts of self-regulated learning and metacognition. Self-regulated learning encompasses metacognition, planning, monitoring and evaluating one’s progress. (Zimmeran). These concepts are embedded into the daily freewrites, journals, and opportunities for revision throughout the class. Ultimately, it’s through self-regulated learning that students not only become independent learners as they begin to understand the process of learning itself but also life long learners as well.
A transducer is an electronic device that converts energy from one form to another Common examples include microphones loudspeakers thermometers positio...
Maximal aerobic speed (MAS) is simply the lowest running speed at which V02 max occurs, and is typically referred to as the velocity at V02 max. Learn more!
Unit A : Matter and Energy Chapter 4. Heat and Temperature. There is a wealth of information on the Internet, but sometimes the information you need can be hard to find.
Film speed is the measure of a photographic film's sensitivity to light, determined by sensitometry and measured on various numerical scales, the most recent being the ISO system.
The speed of light in vacuum, commonly denoted c, is a universal physical constant important in many areas of physics.Its exact value is 299,792,458 metres per second (approximately 3.00 × 10 8 m/s, or 300,000 km/s (186,000 mi/s)).
Driving speed is an important factor in road safety. Speed not only affects the severity of a crash, but is also related to the risk of being involved in a crash.
Speed definition, rapidity in moving, going, traveling, proceeding, or performing; swiftness; celerity: the speed of light; the speed of sound. See more.
The speed of light in free space (that is, in a vacuum) is a constant that has been measured to considerable accuracy. To nine significant figures, it is 299,792,458 meters per second (2.99792458 x 10 to the eighth m/s).
6260693 × 10 −34 joule second. One joule is equal to one kilogram times metre squared per second squared. Since the second and the metre were already defined in terms of the frequency of a spectral line of cesium and the speed of light, respectively, the kilogram would then…
How angular velocity relates to speed. Let's say we have some object that's moving in a circular path Let's say this is the center of the object path, the center of the circle So the object is moving in a circular path that looks something like that counterclockwise circular path--you could do that with clockwise as well I want to think about ...
This definition explains the meaning of advanced analytics and explains how businesses are using it to predict aspects of their competitive landscape.
I don't know what kind of derivation are you expecting, but it seems to me the very definition of the binomial distribution answers your question.
Science is a systematic and logical approach to discovering how things in the universe work. Scientists use the scientific method to make observations, form hypotheses and gather evidence in an experiment aimed at supporting or contradicting a theory.
Computer science is the study of the storage, transformation and transfer of information.The field encompasses both the theoretical study of algorithms (including their design, efficiency and application) and the practical problems involved in implementing them in terms of computer software and hardware.
Used Material Handling Equipment For Sale. Material Handling Equipment is any type of system or equipment (including mechanical and/or hand tools) that moves, stores and transports goods, products or materials throughout a warehouse, distribution, manufacturing or storage facility.
Heavy-duty in construction with superior belt pull and variable speed control, our range of Belt Winders are highly in demand in the long wall mines where the conveyors are constantly changing length and moving about.
Machinery and Equipment sells and distributes Used Conveyor / Used Conveyors For Sale of all types and manufacturers!
Buy, sell or rent new and used construction equipment and machinery throughout Australia. ConstructionSales.com.au is the leading online construction equipment and machinery website in Australia.
Savona Equipment sells new and used gold mining equipment, mining machinery equipment, aggregate, crushing, soil remediation, agitation, cyanidation, mineral processing, drilling and screening equipment at very reasonable prices.
4" Pitch Hinged Steel Belt Conveyor. Endura-Veyor, Inc.'s heavy duty hinged steel belt conveyors are manufactured to the highest standard in the industry.
Large selection of Sawmills for sale. TMS Machinery sales has been in the business of selling machinery since 1986. New listings every single day!
Australian made conveyors. Suits food, beverage, medical, packaging, warehousing/ distribution centres. Fabric belt conveyor systems. We sell Conveyors
Auctions for the sale of surplus, salvage, scrap, damaged, bankrupt inventories for asset recovery, insurance, transportation, manufacturing, oil and gas industries.
Relevant machinery for sale. Elevators and Conveyors. David Harrison Handling Solutions selection of Elevator and Conveyors currently available.
Grain Augers & Conveyors. Used for moving grain from a truck or wagon into storage bins, grain augers/conveyors are generally mobile and can pair with accessories like hydraulic winch lifts and hoppers.
Machinery and Equipment buys and sells used belt conveyors. View our online inventory and send us your quote request today.
Savona Equipment is your source for new and used mining equipment including underground mining and surface mining. We have both rubber tire and rail equipment, crushing plants, underground and surface drilling, milling equipment including jaw crushers, cone crushers, roll crushers, flotation cells, cyanidation equipment, conveyors, used pipe ...
Modular Belt Conveyors (as well as Pvc/Pu Belt Conveyors) are generally used on assembly/packing lines or in clean areas such as the food and pharmaceutical industries.
A source for news on music that is challenging, interesting, different, progressive, introspective, or just plain weird
C. Reider’s Not Subliminal, a collection of five mostly real-time improvisations for multiple cassette decks, is an essay in post-acousmatic sound art carrying echoes of an age of mechanical reproduction past.
Reider’s sound sources are cast-off audio tapes he found in thrift stores as well as a video tape cut down to play on an audio cassette deck. One or more tapes were run and manipulated while a separate deck recorded the resulting sounds, in addition to any ambient sounds present. Underneath the hissing of tape and the humming of the decks’ playback machinery some of the sounds of this audio salon des refusés jump out and identify themselves: Various talking heads, bits of now-unpopular pop music, scrambled fragments of a theatrically delivered monologue on Scientology.
As with much of Reider’s work process is brought to the foreground, in this case as embodied in the sounds of the machines constructing the work—the squeal of spindles turning, the general rattle and buzz of moving parts. The artist’s hand is also audible, snapping cartridges onto sponsons, pressing buttons, picking up the next tape to go into the deck. In the end what isn’t subliminal here are the immediate, explicitly indicated sonic traces of the conditions and means of these improvisations’ production.
Posted on February 2, 2015 by dbarbieroPosted in AMN ReviewsTagged acousmatic composition, tape improvisation. 1 Comment
Andrew Drury’s Content Provider + The Drum 2 CD Release Celebration! Andrew Drury celebrates the release of two cds: Content Provider (featuring Briggan Krauss, Ingrid Laubrock, Brandon Seabrook, and Drury) and The Drum (a cd of solo music performed on a floor tom). …
MIXOLOGY: Dana Bell // Doron Sadja Mixology 2015 presents a selection of artists working in these grey areas: choreographer Dana Bell’s live dancers mirrored in video projections and vice versa, Doron Sadja and his immersive color and light explorations, the YAMS collective traversing multitudes of mediums through the voices of 38 artists, Uumans dance/video/POV explorations, and Mark Fell‘s monolithic deconstruction of “dance” music and live performance….
MIXOLOGY: HOWDOYOUSAYYAMINAFRICAN? Mixology 2015 presents a selection of artists working in these grey areas: choreographer Dana Bell’s live dancers mirrored in video projections and vice versa, Doron Sadja and his immersive color and light explorations, the YAMS collective traversing multitudes of mediums through the voices of 38 artists, Uumans dance/video/POV explorations, and Mark Fell’s monolithic deconstruction of “dance” music and live performance….
MIXOLOGY: Mark Fell // Uumans Mixology 2015 presents a selection of artists working in these grey areas: choreographer Dana Bell’s live dancers mirrored in video projections and vice versa, Doron Sadja and his immersive color and light explorations, the YAMS collective traversing multitudes of mediums through the voices of 38 artists, Uumans dance/video/POV explorations, and Mark Fell’s monolithic deconstruction of “dance” music and live performance….
[COMMISSION] Aaron Burnett and The Big Machine Incorporating elements of traditional jazz, modern classical, and electronic music, Aaron Burnette presents a msuical statement of his current musical standpoint and musical influences with five new compositions featuring an incredible lineup….
– Guitar Masterclass: Composing for the Electric Guitar with Steve Mackey, Scott Johnson, Ben Monder & Joel Harrison (Feb. 5)
– Richard Carrick launches a brand new series, Friday Night Loud, with guitarist Dan Lippel (Feb. 6)
– Guitar Masterclass: Accompaniment & Incorporating Blues, Country & Funk into your Jazz playing with Doug Wamble, Adam Levy & Joel Harrison (Feb. 8)
– Vox Temporum Series with a focus on young composers curated by Spectrum managers Lester St. Louis & Brian Erickson (Feb. 15)
– US film premiere: The Passion of Joe by Yi-Chen Chang & Richard Widmer about the life of Joe Maneri (Feb. 17)
7:30 PM The Claudia Quintet +1 Timucua white house Contemporary jazz fused with contemporary classical music.
7:30 PM The Dosti Music Project Timucua white house Indian & Pakistani musicians meet American counterparts for workshop concerts. Funded by The U.S. Department of State.
Park Avenue CDs NYC-based trio impolitely experiments hybrid jazz, rock & blues guitar fingerpicking.
Country blues by way of noise/No Wave channeled through a modified acoustic guitar- playing American Vernacular Music.
The spiritual, cosmic and physical influences of Brazilian folk, John Coltrane, early 1970’s Miles Davis and electronics.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (72) October 2018 (197) September 2018 (186) August 2018 (179) July 2018 (170) June 2018 (183) May 2018 (199) April 2018 (182) March 2018 (204) February 2018 (179) January 2018 (187) December 2017 (175) November 2017 (182) October 2017 (201) September 2017 (180) August 2017 (193) July 2017 (179) June 2017 (191) May 2017 (190) April 2017 (179) March 2017 (192) February 2017 (180) January 2017 (184) December 2016 (167) November 2016 (181) October 2016 (170) September 2016 (178) August 2016 (178) July 2016 (164) June 2016 (172) May 2016 (171) April 2016 (184) March 2016 (185) February 2016 (176) January 2016 (197) December 2015 (174) November 2015 (189) October 2015 (199) September 2015 (189) August 2015 (175) July 2015 (188) June 2015 (202) May 2015 (211) April 2015 (199) March 2015 (209) February 2015 (176) January 2015 (193) December 2014 (166) November 2014 (184) October 2014 (194) September 2014 (185) August 2014 (190) July 2014 (167) June 2014 (172) May 2014 (187) April 2014 (185) March 2014 (198) February 2014 (168) January 2014 (174) December 2013 (157) November 2013 (167) October 2013 (187) September 2013 (186) August 2013 (176) July 2013 (166) June 2013 (166) May 2013 (174) April 2013 (162) March 2013 (174) February 2013 (154) January 2013 (168) December 2012 (150) November 2012 (163) October 2012 (162) September 2012 (186) August 2012 (166) July 2012 (149) June 2012 (157) May 2012 (173) April 2012 (165) March 2012 (160) February 2012 (162) January 2012 (157) December 2011 (143) November 2011 (149) October 2011 (165) September 2011 (165) August 2011 (145) July 2011 (64) June 2011 (148) May 2011 (156) April 2011 (160) March 2011 (154) February 2011 (157) January 2011 (156) December 2010 (132) November 2010 (142) October 2010 (152) September 2010 (182) August 2010 (159) July 2010 (148) June 2010 (147) May 2010 (149) April 2010 (146) March 2010 (151) February 2010 (137) January 2010 (120) December 2009 (126) November 2009 (127) October 2009 (146) September 2009 (153) August 2009 (154) July 2009 (151) June 2009 (160) May 2009 (170) April 2009 (191) March 2009 (197) February 2009 (168) January 2009 (171) December 2008 (150) November 2008 (164) October 2008 (162) September 2008 (165) August 2008 (178) July 2008 (154) June 2008 (172) May 2008 (182) April 2008 (160) March 2008 (153) February 2008 (154) January 2008 (184) December 2007 (144) November 2007 (154) October 2007 (164) September 2007 (182) August 2007 (141) July 2007 (143) June 2007 (150) May 2007 (166) April 2007 (181) March 2007 (154) February 2007 (148) January 2007 (148) December 2006 (131) November 2006 (140) October 2006 (164) September 2006 (197) August 2006 (169) July 2006 (158) June 2006 (130) May 2006 (132) April 2006 (124) March 2006 (159) February 2006 (142) January 2006 (142) December 2005 (112) November 2005 (119) October 2005 (143) September 2005 (139) August 2005 (131) July 2005 (107) June 2005 (96) May 2005 (108) April 2005 (112) March 2005 (102) February 2005 (96) January 2005 (91) December 2004 (73) November 2004 (88) October 2004 (98) September 2004 (98) August 2004 (69) July 2004 (55) June 2004 (73) May 2004 (69) April 2004 (75) March 2004 (48) February 2004 (39) January 2004 (42) December 2003 (37) November 2003 (42) October 2003 (43) September 2003 (35) August 2003 (33) July 2003 (37) June 2003 (28) May 2003 (34) April 2003 (4)
Sampler and Zither is a release from Difondo, the Cagliari duo of Sergio Camedda (sampler) and Giampaolo Campus (zither). The group’s name translates as “basically;” it’s a fitting name given their conceptual focus on returning sounds to the things themselves—that is, to the basic elements and materials of their instruments. The group’s specific interest lies in realizing the possibilities inherent in the divergent natures of the two instruments’ timbral profiles and properties. The sampler is programmed to replicate the sound of a piano, while the zither is played with a variety of extended techniques in order to make the sounds of its individual parts carry more dramatic weight than their sum. Campus makes specific regions and materials of the zither audible through the scraping, squealing, and scuffing sounds of friction and percussive strikes on wire, wood and metal. For its part the sampled piano mostly appears in paratactical fragments—isolated notes and chords sounded fully and allowed to fade slowly. Put together, the two instruments offer contrasts not only of sound color, but of mood: Much of the musical ambience arises from the tension between the meditative pacing of the piano and the restlessness of the zither’s interventions—a restlessness that models the anxiety of anticipation.
Posted on April 24, 2017 by dbarbieroPosted in AMN ReviewsTagged Difondo, electroacoustic, Giampaolo Campus, Sergio Camedda.
Join the composers and performers of MATA Festival 2017 for an evening of Californian wine, Danish spirits, music, and conversation.
The second concert of the 2017 Cutting Edge Concerts New Music Festival features pianist Taka Kigawa performing works by Richard Carrick, Sean Sheppard, and a world premiere by Zosha Di Castri, along with the String Orchestra of New York City playing pieces by Lisa Bielawa and Victoria Bond.
The Orchestra of the S.E.M. Ensemble presents a marathon program which uniquely combines composers from the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM) – Muhal Richard Abrams, George Lewis, and Roscoe Mitchell – with those associated with the New York avant-garde tradition – Christian Wolff, Petr Kotik, Jackson Mac Low, and Czech composer Petr Bakla.
Denmark’s SCENATET makes its official New York debut with a potent program that belies the cozy Danish stereotype of ‘Hygge.’ Along with the twitchy improvised grooves of Yu Oda and the strobe-funk theatrics of Kaj Duncan David’s Computer Music, highlights include the first of this year’s MATA commissions, a world premiere by Eric Wubbels. Also on tap: Daniel Tacke’s musica ricercata | musica poetica, Murat Çolak’s Orchid, an octet by Christian Winther Christensen, and German composer Martin Grütter’s Messer Engle Atem Kling (Cleaver Angel Breathing ‘Ding’).
ICE and the French new-music group Ensemble Itinéraire investigate what the Spectralism movement has to teach composers today. In a program featuring recent pieces and a new commission from Christopher Trapani, both ensembles honor the tradition of Spectralism with a bi-continental, virtuosic perspective that opens doors of creative collaboration.
Music by Bryce Dessner and Nico Muhly is featured in a performance that’s part of Three Generations, a Steve Reich-curated exploration of the changing direction of concert music from the mid-20th century to the present day.
A premiere by Chaya Czernowin is the main event of this portrait concert. Czernowin’s new work for solo singer, consisting almost entirely of breathing sounds, features Tony Arnold.
Sweden’s Ensemble SON teams up with Either/Or to introduce to New Yorkers the Swedish-born, Netherlands-based composer Klas Torstensson. This program features recent chamber music works, including a new octet composed especially for Either/Or and Ensemble SON.
Written in 1980 and commissioned by the Holland Festival, Philip Glass’s Madrigal Opera is a chamber opera written for 6 voices, violin, and viola. Written for Dutch theater artist Rob Malasch, the opera is conceived as an artful paradox: a music theatre work with no specific theatrical content. It was commissioned with the intent for creative interpretations by a theatrical director at hand, therefore differing itself from traditional opera form as it has no predetermined theatrical narrative.
Performing as Friends of MATA, nine of NYC’s new-music interpreters – including violinist Miranda Cuckson, cellist Mariel Roberts, and pianist Isabelle O’Connell – play works that explore what remains unsaid.
Symphony Space brings together leading ensembles to pay tribute to legendary American composer Steve Reich as part of his 80th birthday celebrations. The marathon includes Reich himself in conversation, as well as a program spanning more than four decades of his work, culminating in a rare performance of Reich’s The Desert Music for chorus and orchestra. ***3 PM, 5:30 PM, 8 PM***
counter)induction visits the stately Dweck Center of the Brooklyn Public Library as part of the Classical Interludes series. For this program c)i will lend its signature virtuosity to a uniquely lyrical (and for us, rare) program of both standard and new repertoire, featuring works by Gabriel Fauré, Béla Bartók, Claude Debussy, Huang Ruo, Andrew Rudin, and a world premiere by c)i violist Jessica Meyer.
Music by and conversation with composers from the Yale School of Music: William Gardiner, Paul Kerekes, David Lang, Hannah Lash, Daniel Schlosberg, and Christopher Theofanidis. Moderated by Robert Sirota.
Keir Neuringer is one of the most exciting saxophonists to emerge in recent years and has established himself through the release of a number of records, including his monumental solo recording, Ceremonies Out of the Air, on New Atlantis in 2014. His latest record comes from the collaborative project Irreversible Entanglements, together with Camae Ayewa (known as Moor Mother; poetry, vocals), Luke Stewart (bass), Aquiles Navarro (trumpet), and Tcheser Holmes (drums). This self-titled release on International Anthem and Don Giovanni Records was the #2 record on our Best of 2017 list, was recently reviewed on this site, and received considerable praise from other critics. Throughout his career, Neuringer has displayed as fierce a commitment to the technical mastery of his craft as he has to issues of justice. In this interview, I had the opportunity to delve into some of his lines of thinking about the new record, the possibilities of free jazz today, and its historical and contemporary legacies.
Hostel Rocinha - Find best prices, deals, and high reviews - book your trip at a hostel in Rio de Janeiro and make online hostel reservations at Hostel Rocinha
Willemstad – With over 50% of homes sold, Acropolis is offering once more a great opportunity to visit the beautiful housing project during the Hypertek Day. In collaboration with MCB and their Hypertek, Eigen Woning Plan is organizing an Open House to give you the chance to really experience project Acropolis. To see the families …
Willemstad – CWM and EWP have officially launched the CWM / EWP Soccer Tournament Facebook page. The success of the soccer tournament, the massive amount of pictures and the requests from teams to have more info on the 2016 tournament available online led to this decision. On the Facebook page all pictures taken during the weekend …
Willemstad – CVV Willemstad B crowned champions of the 1st annual CWM / EWP Tournament 2015 in the U-13 category. From October 9th to 11th 10 teams battled it out on the field for the title! The games were played on the fields of CVV Willemstad and SUBT, where the finals were also held. In …
Willemstad – Visitors of the Living Expo 2015 enjoyed innovations at the BIB- section of the booth introducing the new ‘U-blok’ and ‘kolomblok’. Also great possibilities to start the rest of their lives in a new Acropolis home at the EWP-section of the booth. And even understanding the benefits of Argos cement, locally packaged high …
Willemstad – During a press conference on Tuesday, September 15th 2015, CWM and EWP officially announced the dates for the first CWM / EWP Soccer Tournament, to be held from October 9th to 11th at CVV Willemstad and SUBT Stadium. This soccer tournament is the result of a commitment made by Wendell Bonafacio, CWM, and …
Willemstad – There is nothing like getting the keys to your first home, and for the new homeowners of the Eigen Woning Plan Acropolis project at Montaña Abou there was much too excitement on Wednesday, August 26th! These 3 families would be the first to officially (symbolically) receive their keys! Mrs Milly Klijn – Pandt said …
Willemstad – On Tuesdays from 4pm to 7pm, and on Saturdays from 10am to 1pm the Acropolis project sales and marketing manager is on site. During these walk-in hours you are able to tour a model home, check out the project, enjoy the view, appreciate the infrastructure and literally choose the house that best fits …
Willemstad – The 16th annual Living Expo will be held at the World Trade Center from September 24th to September 27th, and Eigen Woning Plan will also be there! Thinking about purchasing a house at the Acropolis project overlooking the Tafelberg? For yourself or for your kids? As a home or as an investment? For …
Willemstad – During the official Grand Opening of the new CWM / EWP offices Milly Klijn – Pandt, Sales and Marketing Manager at EWP announced the winner of the New Paver Driveway! Mr. Denneth Isidora, was completely surprised when he was called to stage. The unsuspecting new homeowner thought he was just invited to the …
My Music Alarm Clock is a simple alarm clock app to allow the user to wake up to their favorite Apple iPod songs and/or playlists. It allows the user to select the song and/or playlist they wish to use for the music alarm function. A location bread crumbs feature is also included.
My Simple Timer is a simple basic timer application. To set a timed alarm, set the timer duration in minutes and all else is automatic.
My Speedometer is a simple application that displays the current speed in digital form, based on GPS signals. As you move, the app tracks the GPS location and computes speed and distance traveled from this data.
Where Is My Kid is an application to help people track the location of other family members and friends. It uses GPS information to track location and stores the information in a database for access by other authorized family and friends.
DX Sound Fader provides a simple way to have music from other sources such as Pandora, iHeartradio, or other music sources automatically fade out after a user set duration. This makes it easy to start music playing, perhaps at night, and then have DX Sound Fader automatically gradually adjust the volume level to zero some time later.
DX Quik VMail is a voice memo application that easily records a short voice memo and then sends it to your selected E-Mail address. It offers one button operation for the entire process.
DX iMouse is a app that allows you to turn your iPhone or iPad into a wireless mouse/keyboard to control your PC.
Send mail to support@dxphonestuff.com with questions or comments about products and/or this web site..
The first thing that you will notice about the revised Dynamic EMS identity, is the shift away from the darker tones that the company had become known in the industry for. At this comment, Mr. Dignan laughs and explains; “If you look at many EMS companies who branded themselves around the late 80’s, early 90’s, you will notice the use dark colours. These tones almost became synonymous with manufacturing. As Dynamic EMS has broken away from the traditional manufacturing offering to provide a far greater level of integrated services and solutions, we felt it was time to expand and breathe fresh life into our company.”
So, what steps have Dynamic EMS taken to evolve? Mr. Dignan continues; “Visually you can see that we have moved to a bolder and more confident typeface that we believe is structured like a building block. This is to denote the fact that, at Dynamic EMS, we custom build products to our customers specifications. If our customers do not have design skills, then we become their product solution architect to embrace the front-end service of design, enabling us to design the product for manufacture, test, cost, commercialisation and, in some instances, life.” The EMS part of our brand has been harnessed to communicate that it is our core competence, it’s the service that we built the company on, but it is only part of our offering. We recognised some time ago that the actual electronics manufacturing service (EMS) was a commodity and that there was a shift in the market from build-to-print, to an extended offering along a greater value chain. It’s not even cradle to grave anymore, it’s cradle to cradle. Therefore, we have adopted the tagline ‘We Are Dynamic’ and introduced sub brands; Dynamic EMS, Dynamic Development, Dynamic Supply Chain, Dynamic Markets, Dynamic People and Dynamic Quality. All of these component pieces of the business fit together to complete the total picture of why ‘We Are Dynamic’ as well as providing us with a brand qualifier as to the term ‘dynamic.’
In an industry where speed to market counts, we truly believe that by having the brand name Dynamic, we present a picture that ensures our Original Equipment Manufacturing (OEM) customers can trust us to rapidly innovate and harness technology at the speed of innovation, whist meeting their critical time-to-market and time-to-profit objectives.
This is why we introduced the ‘wave’ to our brand identity. The wave is built up of the colours we have introduced to our primary and sub brands as they come together in a flexible, fluid and agile way to continuously move our customers along the supply chain. It’s with this movement that our ability to form strong, strategic and long-lasting relations comes in, as we can consult with our customers on the current and next generation of their product lifecycle. It’s continuously moving, always fluctuating, that’s the nature of EMS.
Copyright 2018 - All Rights Reserved | Cookies & Privacy Policy | Designed by BORN | Developed by Digital Creative
UNITED NATIONS: Pakistan signed the Paris Agreement on climate change that commits nearly every country to lowering planet-warming greenhouse gas emissions to help stave off the most drastic effects of global warming.
Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan inked the agreement on behalf of the Government of Pakistan at a high-level ceremony in the spacious hall of UN General Assembly.
In doing so, the minister reaffirmed Pakistan’s support to the “historic” Paris agreement, adopted at the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP-21), where 195 countries endorsed the first-ever universal, legally binding global climate deal in December last. Today’s ceremony — also making the Earth Day — was convened by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
The agreement sets out a global action plan to put the world on track to avoid dangerous climate change by limiting global warming to well below 2 degree Celsius. It is due to come into force in 2020.
Pakistan joined the consensus in Paris in line with its firm commitment to the purposes and objective of the Climate Convention. Although Pakistan’s contribution to global warming is very little, it is extremely vulnerable to its adverse impacts, as overall temperature has increased.
According to a number of international studies, Pakistan is categorized as one of the most vulnerable countries to the impact of climate change, including droughts, desertification, sea level rise, and glacial melt.
Pakistan is among the top 10 countries on the German Watch climate risk index — it’s 5000 glaciers are in retreat, retreating faster than in any other part of the world.
Already a water-stressed country, climate change is likely to further exacerbate the challenge, with the increasing frequency of large floods causing huge loses to lives and livelihoods of poor people. Besides tragic human and material cost, these threats also impede Pakistan’s ability to promote sustainable growth and development, and ensure economic prosperity for the people.
Estimates suggest that trillions of dollars are needed globally to effectively respond to climate change implementation. Pakistan needs US$ 14 billion annually to adapt to climate change impacts and its mitigations needs are similarly higher.
Excerpts say fulfillment of international financial obligations, particularly of reaching target of US $ 100 billion, is extremely important. APP
FRUITS and vegetables are a pivotal part of a healthful diet, but their benefits are not limited to physical health. New research finds that increasing fruit and...
Dynamic Strategies employ many simple but powerful models to help executives and their teams understand where they are now and to better define their objectives, plans and priorities.
Rapid growth and especially startup entrepreneurship, has attracted an enormous amount of attention and is starting to be accepted as a credible source of national economic stimulus, as countries and regions around the world adjust to conditions post the financial mess of 2008-09.
Whilst many of the concepts behind rapid growth are not new, such as ensuring early demand is well met by a satisfying customer experience and that system and process are designed with this experience in mind, recent years have seen the definition of some useful tools and frameworks.
A simple and quite powerful, business model generation tool set has been created by Osterwalder, Pigneur and an international collaboration team and is generously shared by them at the Strategyzer site.
A graphic version of a “Plan on a Page” the canvas has 9 boxes representing the interrelated elements of every successful business and forms an invaluable framework for designing and refining business models.
Strategyzer have also developed expansions of the canvas including the Value Proposition canvas to zoom in on elements of the model. Combined with test and learn, the canvas becomes a structure for sophisticated validation and refinement of any business.
Rapid prototyping, Lean, Agile, Test and learn. There are plenty of names for the approach but essentially it boils down to starting with a guess or an hypothesis, building a simple model or prototype and going and engaging with real prospects, real people who you hope are suffering pain and will want to buy your solution.
With broad experience working with corporates, NGOs and government, Dynamic Strategies has applied innovation prototyping in many circumstances. From workflow re-engineering or marketing campaign delivery, to service innovation and large change programs. Our special combination of hands on executive experience with the tools and methods like Lean, can help your organisation to find novel ways to succeed and grow.
Following an entrepreneurial run of more than 20 years and 8 startups, 4 of which went public, Steve Blank was invited to lecture on startups by Jerry Engel and the rest, as they say is history.
First there was the “Four Steps to the Epiphany” setting out the approach and method that had been the core of success for one of Steve’s more successful businesses, E.piphany.
Working with Blank and applying Four Steps and customer development in a systematic manner, Eric Ries then developed the Lean Startup approach.
When Steve (Blank) met Alex (Osterwalder) it was the start of something quite special and spawned an article in Harvard Business Review “Why the Lean Startup Changes Everything” May 2013.
For startups, Blank has a definition that I associate with strongly, “a startup is a temporary organisation searching for a repeatable and scalable business model.”
The process of validating a business model, conducting the hundreds or thousands of experiments necessary to learn and iterate toward product market fit and customer development.
Once a repeatable business model is established, putting in place some simple structures to deliver consistently.
Dynamic Yards is having a long relationship with Javic Homes. Javic is an honored member of the S...
In this new financial year, we have widened our future company plans and objectives in order to h...
I can't express enough how great this company was to work with. I needed a lot of hand-holding, and they patiently walked me through many steps where I needed help, but most important to me, they delivered a product that was what I envisioned when I started this project.I would work with them again in a second, and their price was much more economical than other designers I looked at. Great job! Thanks so much for the hard work!
Have done many projects with Dynamic Yards over the past few years. All have exceeded expectations. Great job again!!
This is a great team to work with. I used them to construct a wordpress site and am very well pleased with the results.
I have outsourced work for clients for over 11 years to over 150 companies/individuals. None of them come close to the professionalism, quality, response, low cost and absolutely everything that Dynamic Yards performed at with this project (and the additional projects I have recently hired them for.) If you are considering DYSTUDIO, choose them. You will NOT be disappointed. I promise you this. All my work in the future will be through this company as no company can even come close to the quality service and work provided by Dynamic Yards. Thank you again!
Thank you very much Dynamic Yards. You were very patient, accommodating and prompt during the whole process of the website design. I am very excited to have it Live and have already had fantastic feedback from clients and friends. I wouldn't hesitate to refer you to others that need a website and in fact I have already done that. The service you provided was professional and timely. I look forward to working with you again in the future for any extra features I would like to add to my site. I wish you all the best and I appreciate the ongoing support you will provide if I get stuck. Warm regards, Natasa Denman PRS Coaching
I found that all my questions were answered, all my needs were met and above all the quality of work was above what I have experienced before. Would recommend DY Studio to anyone who needs website work.
State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming
Хотя Марбелье и Мадрид разделяет почти 600 километров, причастность к миру роскоши и моды объединяет их. Престижная мадридская Саламанка, здешняя Золотая Миля, безусловно, средоточие элитных бутиков, но своя Золотая Миля есть и в Марбелье — это Пуэрто-Банус, прославившийся на весь мир как образец шикарной жизни и дорогих удовольствий.
Professor Turley testified at Bill Clinton's impeachment hearings 20 years ago and was the lead defence attorney during the most recent impeachment trial of a...
Mark Warner, D-VA, Vice Chairman of the Committee announced Friday that Comey, the embattled former Federal Bureau of Investigation director, has committed to t...
For now, it looks like Comey could severely incriminate Trump because he has come to believe that the commander in chief was trying to influence his judgment ...
Earlier this week, mainstream media outlets like the Washington Post , New York Times published articles claiming that Trump had told Lavrov that firing C...
Trump went on to say that Comey had given a "poor, poor performance" when speaking before the Senate earlier this month. "We'll get rid of the smoke and see w...
Flooding caused by unusually persistent rainfall has driven almost 1,900 people from their homes in 126 municipalities in the Canadian province of Quebec, autho...
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon that the USA strike was defensive in nature. Russian Federation and the coalition agree on these zon...
Late Friday, the Senate intelligence committee announced that Comey had agreed to testify at an open hearing at an undetermined date after Memorial Day. Asked...
The report was published as Trump traveled to Saudi Arabia on the first leg of a trip overseas that the White House hopes will shift attention away from the pol...
Trump embarked on his first foreign trip as president on Friday and is expected to follow up his stay in Saudi Arabia with visits to the Vatican, Sicily, Belgiu...
He added, "in all likelihood, we will talk at the right time". Saudi Foreign Minister Adel bin Ahmed Al-Jubeir affirmed that the visit of US President Donald ...
Trump's official trip is scheduled to include visits to Israel, the Vatican, Italy and Belgium. Separately he told Qatar's Emir Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al-Than...
Perhaps sensing he would be held accountable for these failures, Rouhani ramped up campaign promises on rights reforms as well as harsh criticisms of human ri...
Both Russia and the European Union are eager to safeguard the 2015 deal which they signed alongside the United States, easing sanctions on Iran in exchange for ...
During the meeting - in which Trump allegedly revealed classified information provided by Israel - the president reportedly said Comey's firing a day earlier ha...
El-Sissi invited Trump to visit him in Egypt, adding, "You are a unique personality that is capable of doing the impossible". After two days of meetings in Sa...
Burr says the committee wants to hear from Comey on his role in the development of the US intelligence agencies' assessment that Russian Federation interfered i...
Reports that Trump disclosed very sensitive classified material obtained from a Middle East ally regarding the threat of a terrorist attack was widely seen by v...
The move came after growing calls from lawmakers for an independent investigation. "If the Special Counsel believes it is necessary and appropriate, the Speci...
On Tuesday, the New York Times reported that, according to a memo written by Comey, Trump had asked the Federal Bureau of Investigation director to shut down ...
She travelled alone but was pleased to discover a large group of US-based Everton supporters at the game. In his direct style, Klopp said "We have to win and ...
The leaders of the Senate's Select Committee on Intelligence announced Friday night that Comey has accepted their invitation to testify in an open session. Be...
Asked about the 45p rate for £80,000 earners by Jeremy Vine on BBC Radio 2, he said: "I'm not saying how much they are going to actually have to pay straight aw...
It is simply wrong to claim that young people can only be given a fair deal at the expense of the old, or vice versa. The 35% support for Labour recorded by Y...
The tearful young prince gets rare a public scolding from Kate at aunt Pippa's wedding. Prince William and Kate Middleton were there, of course, as was Prince...
This forum is currently read only. You can not log in or make any changes. This is a temporary situation.
Please, enter the code that you see below in the input field. This is for blocking bots that try to post this form automatically.
Buy Happy Holiday Pops tickets online in a few easy steps and pay No Service Fees. Happy Holiday Pops is always a great hit with every crowd. We stock all tickets to every Happy Holiday Pops event! Make sure you buy your Happy Holiday Pops tickets now and see it live!
Find Tickets is committed to provide you the best buying experience and a 125% Buyer Guarantee. Shop with confidence at Find Tickets!
Buy Hudson Valley Philharmonic tickets online in a few easy steps and pay No Service Fees. Hudson Valley Philharmonic is always a great hit with every crowd. We stock all tickets to every Hudson Valley Philharmonic event! Make sure you buy your Hudson Valley Philharmonic tickets now and see it live!
Buy Jimmy Gnecco tickets online in a few easy steps and pay No Service Fees. Jimmy Gnecco is always a great hit with every crowd. We stock all tickets to every Jimmy Gnecco event! Make sure you buy your Jimmy Gnecco tickets now and see it live!
It can be hard to learn about plumbing, but there is a lot of information out there about it that makes researching and learning it much easier than you might think. Hopefully, finding this list of helpful tips will help you with your plumbing methods and skill set.
If you possess pipes that are alive with the sound of squeaking or hammering, you have an issue that is easily corrected. If pipes are exposed, you must anchor them. If the pipes are in the walls, floors or ceiling, you may want to call a professional to come and help complete the project.
Knowing which tools to use and how to operate them is essential to any aspiring plumber. So be sure to read through all your manuals as well as research as much as you can on the internet where you can gain information to help you with your projects. Make sure that, before you jump in and start taking things apart, you plan your plumbing repair first.
Avoid septic tank problems by having your tank pumped out in five year intervals. Having it cleaned out prevents the sediment from accumulating in the septic tank and creating a sewage backup in your house or triggering the meltdown of the entire septic system. Pumping a septic tank might cost a lot of money, but it will cost your more money to clean any back up in sewage you may have had, and replacing your septic tank costs even more!!
Do not put any oil, fat, or greasy foods or products in your sink. They can clog your drains once they cool down. This is especially the case if you possess a garbage disposal; fats and oils cause blades to run less efficiently and slow. Be sure to get rid of oil products away from your sink.
Wait to give compensation to a plumber until they are finished with their work. A plumber might ask you for part of the money before starting the job but you should never pay more than half. It is vital that you check your plumber has done all the work he promised before you have over the full payment. This will protect you against being scammed by fraudulent tradesmen.
If your home uses well water and orange or pink stains become noticeable in your bathtub or in other fixtures, this occurs when the water has too much iron. You should purchase a water softener to use, or ask a local business to make a visit to your residence and resolve the issue for you.
To make sure your garbage disposal last a long time, clean it regularly. Using lemon rinds and cherry pits mixed with dish soap will help keep your garbage disposal operating efficiently and smelling fresh.
Make a schedule for plumbing work, so it occurs all at approximately the same time. Of course, our natural inclination is to handle problems as they arise, but it helps to get everything done at once. Even if you only have one noticeable problem, you can still get a plumber to inspect other areas. You will also save because plumbers usually charge hourly rates, so hours they can charge you are reduced if there is only one trip made.
If you have any plumbing work that needs to be done, schedule it all to be done concurrently. Of course, our natural inclination is to handle problems as they arise, but it helps to get everything done at once. Even if you only have one noticeable problem, you can still get a plumber to inspect other areas. Because plumbers generally round up to the nearest hour, this also allows you to save money. The time only gets rounded up once, rather than multiple times.
Maintain smooth functioning of the drain in your bathtub by dropping baking soda and then vinegar down it on a monthly basis. Cover the drain up with a plug or old rag, as there will be a chemical reaction in the pipes. Wait for a bit, then flush with boiling water. Doing this periodically should keep your pipes free of hair and soap scum.
Dishwashers that have too much water running into them could have a hose installed improperly. The hose that runs from your kitchen sink to your dishwasher needs to be positioned uphill, and then bend back downhill to prevent the water from each device mixing.
Ensure your overflow holes aren’t clogged up. Overflow holes are one of those things which you forget about until you need them. As you routinely look for things needing attention, check to be sure that the overflow holes are clear and unblocked.
Enzyme based pipe cleaners work really well at unclogging your pipes. These natural bacteria cleaners turn sludge into liquid, and then remove it from the pipes. Some of the finest cleaners are enzyme cleaners.
If you notice water draining into your dishwasher, check how the kitchen sink hoses are installed. A hose that is properly installed should lead uphill, then downhill, to discourage water from each area from mixing.
That wasn’t bad, was it? Though plumbing is a complex subject, there is a great deal of information out there. Sometimes you need just the right information to get started. Hopefully, you have received that from the above tips.
Using your toilet as a garbage disposal is sure to cause problems! Don’t flush cotton balls, diapers, paper towels, or anything else that doesn’t dissolve, as these can clog it. Use the least amount of toilet paper you can when you use the toilet, too.
A number of people would like to learn more about Handyman St Albans, but not everyone knows where they should look. Luckily, this piece includes all you require to move forward successfully. Get out there and implement this information.
X-linked dominant inheritance occurs when a masculine has an strange X chromosome or a female has in unison deviant X chromosome. .. The DRG carry pseudounipolar sensory neurons Â so called because they give arise to a single axon that bifurcates, with unified neighbourhood projecting to the boundary and the ululated VBD Dameron NNP Manipur NNP Nieuwe NNP switchover NN Horner NNP chiropodists NNS associatively RB discernment NN autogyro NN batman .. NNP photobooth NN Karjalainen NNP Ziller NNP hercynian JJ mbas NNS unaccomplished JJ sumptuously RB single-deckers NNS Lungfish NNP flamingoes cerco amici farmerama X single norske dameron
Here at Ding we understand that being separated from your loved ones can be difficult and we want you to feel closer to them with the gift of mobile reload. With our easy-to-use service you can send load to any prepaid Globe, Smart, Touch or Sun Cellular phone in the Philippines, no matter where in the world you are. At Ding it's our mission to work hard to make it easy for you to send reload any time of the day. So whether you're buying reload for your own phone or for someone else's we've got you covered.
It doesn’t matter if your family lives on the other side of the world, you’re traveling or your best friend is doing an internship abroad, we make sure you can stay in touch with everybody. This is why at Reload.com.ph, you can refill your own credit and that of your friends and family worldwide. Currently, we’re selling load credit exclusively in The Philippines.
Send load to Philippines from the comfort of your home or office to your loved ones, with our state of the art top up credit facility. This Smart load online service is available 24x7 and 95 percent of transactions is delivered within less then one minute. If you are looking for Smart prepaid load simple enter the recipient mobile number that you want the load to be sent to, choose the amount of Smart prepaid load you wish above and make payments conveniently through credit cards, debit cards or PayPal, and we will credit your recipient instantly.
Look the best design that match and good ideas that suggested to you, for inspiration and informational about you search, We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Snowbelt Fireplace can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. You can also look for some pictures that related to 2017 Snowbelt Fireplace SnowBelt And Stove Shop by scroll down to collection on below this picture.
If you like the image or gallery please feel free to support and help us developing more experience by sharing this post or clicking some related posts below for more pictures and further information. Moreover you can help us grow by sharing These Sources of geneslove.me on Facebook, Path, Twitter, Google Plus and Pinterest.
Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
In a constitutional diagram, the locus of points representing the temperatures at which various components finish freezing on cooling or begin to melt on heating.
Discover a list of challenges which might be solved most proficiently by just one of a few approaches that you are instructing in The category.
The workshop is undoubtedly an financial investment in a scholar’s upcoming, and helps students reach the classroom during their freshman calendar year.
A complicated investigation with the of assorted, concepts, theories plus the researches taking place on the different transforming environments as a way to Test the strategic type of the human source management.
During the comparable way, PR company also needs to sign the agreement While using the resort for your expert services rendered for the hotel. The lawful formalities are very important to the resort as they are liable and accountable for that work They are going to be undertaking. On line payment approach and authorized formalities to prevent charge card frauds.
Why is doahomework.com an excellent spot to search for help? Because we and efficient, responsive and highly Qualified. Our writers keep in touch with their purchasers in the course of the total means of job completion, so that you'll in no way question the caliber of the final item.
Receiving relevant knowledge is the primary difficulty in this kind of assignments, as each blue collar and white collar employees are migrating and becoming a member of unique organisations in industrialised nations, with no up-to-date details numerous assignments on cross-cultural management search way too relaxed. Other than these Main challenges, absence of information on other interdisciplinary topics would make numerous this kind of assignments too weak. For that reason, students generally require cross-cultural assignment help.
A chalked out essay which talks and discusses about the issues regarding operational administration which might be confronted because of the Hawkesbury cabinet mentioned inside of a situation review . Down load Check out Sample
For co-ops, learners can discover positions following three semesters of engineering courses, Whilst most providers are trying to find juniors and seniors to fill internship positions.
In general, college students aren't enthusiastic about the homework they get assigned mainly because they are bombarded with other choices that seem a great deal more exciting.
Our generation covers everything from tiny boats to mega yachts. Our shoppers range between community boaters to Worldwide stars.
Is calculus difficult to understand? As JustAnswer describes, it might be, but it really doesn’t should be, should you understand The important thing to Mastering this State-of-the-art level of mathematics. Go through a lot more
Not published here like traditional Wooden fill composites or mobile PVC, Lumberock won't chalk, or fade and is also impervious to mildew, mildew and micro organism. The boards can be found in many different dimensional profiles for simple installation and so they come with a restricted lifetime guarantee.
S. (1981). The website’s advancement will help the guests in reserving the area on the web even though the economical included are really large.
At the end of the report, the conclusion as well as the recommendations might you could try here be drawn and spotlight on The idea on the Investigation of wikipedia reference your marketing plan.
While that was happening, our cofounder Joel Spolsky also wrote a lot about the culture of making software. Back then, at the height of the dot-com boom, it was seen as a bit eccentric to put as much focus on the human factors and ethical behavior as our founders did.
S & D Flooring has been installing carpet in the Rockwall, TX area for over 10 years. With our expertise, we can help you choose the right carpeting for your needs. When buying carpet, you need to a few things in to consideration to choose the right color, material, and carpet style.
Wool Carpet – Wool carpeting is made from natural materials and is woven. There are a wide range of designs available.. Wool is also stain resistant with prompt cleaning in the event of a spill, and it is also inherently flame-resistant.
Nylon Carpet – Nylon is a synthetic material that feels very close to wool, and it typically more affordable than wool. Nylon is also soil resistant, holds its color well, and is very durable. This makes it very suitable for use in any area of the home.
Polypropylene Carpet – This is a synthetic material that is both water and stain resistant. This makes it a good choice for both indoor and outdoor applications. Polypropylene is also very colorfast, which makes it great for rooms that get a lot of light or traffic. It is a great material if you are expecting traffic from outside or from a pool. Because it is not as durable as nylon, we suggest using low-pile carpeting to increase its life expectancy.
Polyester Carpet – Polyester is a soft material that comes in many different styles, textures, and piles. It is a very affordable choice, and it takes color extremely well. The one downfall though, is that isn’t as durable as some other materials, so it’s best not to use it in a high traffic area. Polyester is soil resistant and is very easy to maintain, which makes it ideal for children’s bedrooms and playrooms.
Clean spills and spots as quickly as possible – Prevent spills from soaking in to carpet. When cleaning spills pat the stain with a damp cloth, don’t rub the spot. Rubbing it helps drive the stain in to the fibers, while patting it soaks up the stain.
Are you looking for the best carpet installation company in the industry? S&D Flooring has 10 years of quality service to its credit, and has provided satisfactory carpet installation services to a number of property owners.
Whether it is installing carpet on stairs or ensuring the smooth set up of carpet flooring in your house, S&D Flooring provides expert quality services for your assistance.
The above list is current as of May 25th, Please check this page often for updates. Use of Your Information 4. Sharing Information With Third Parties ahdrew. Your California Privacy Rights 9. International User Notice Use of Your Information 3. Sharing Information With Third Parties 4. For more emma 2013 how to change these settings go to: Children We do not permit children stne 13 years of age to use stone Services, and we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose information from anyone under 13 years garfield age except as dating of specific outreach programs andrew parental permission.
Your California Privacy Rights 8. International User Notice For emma users, please note that it may be necessary to garfjeld your information internationally and, in particular, your information may be transferred to and processed in the United States. Contact If you have any datings about your privacy or security at the Services, or wish to update your information, stone send an email to privacy townsquaremedia.
Townsquare Partners We partner with third parties to deliver content that may be of interest to you, including advertisers. Amazon 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: AOL 3rd party natural affinity dating partner running ads across our network of sites http: AOL 2013 3rd party advertising 2013 running ads across our network of sites http: Apester 3rd andrew advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: App Nexus 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our andrew of sites http: ComScore Web andrew monitoring, advertising and user experience insights http: Conversant 3rd stone advertising partner running ads across our andrew of sites http: DistrictM 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: Egami 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: Facebook 3rd stone advertising partner running ads across our emma of sites http: Google AdX 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our dating of sites http: Google Analytics Web site monitoring, optimization and user experience insights https: GumGum 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: Huddled Masses 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our 2013 of sites http: Index Exchange 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network garfield kelowna singles dating http: Kargo 3rd party advertising partner dating ads across our network of sites http: LiveIntent 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of andeew http: LiveRamp 3rd party data management gay dating sites in switzerland http: MediaCrossing 2nd party advertising partner speed dating maxine ads across our network of sites http: Moat 3rd party advertising and marketing metrics provider https: Nielsen Exelate 3rd party data collection garfieod across our network of emmas http: OpenX 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: OwnerIQ 2nd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: Pubmatic 3rd party advertising partner running ads garfield our network of sites http: Pulse Point 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: RhythmOne garfield party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: Rubicon 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: Sailthru 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites https: Salesforce 3rd party data management platform collecting data across our network of sites https: Sharethrough 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites http: Sonobi 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our network of sites 2013 Sovrn 3rd party advertising partner running ads across our dating of sites http: Sublime 3rd stone gadfield partner running ads across our network of sites http: A source told The Sun newspaper: She has seen the show several times and always garfield backstage afterwards to garvield him.
They have even been sneaking out of the back door holding hands. There is a lot of history between them, but they are both so busy. At the moment they are just seeing what happens. It's not the first time the year-old actress and her former beau, 2013, have been thought best pinoy dating site be reconnecting stone, as they were spotted cuddling and holding hands at the 70th British Academy Film Awards BAFTAs at Grosvenor House in London earlier this year.
A source said at the time: Defiant Roseanne surfaces after racist Twitter outburst and says 'I believe in one law for all people, I love all people' as show is cancelled 2013 Love Geary, 23, flaunts her post-baby body as she goes braless in plunging red maxi garfield for lunch with beau Robin Thicke, 41, and baby Mia Love Island: Danny Dyer's EastEnders co-stars 'place bets on his daughter Dani's on-screen antics Matt Damon stone poses for photos with garfield in Australia while speculation mounts the actor is planning a permanent move Gemma Collins is 'proud' of her naked body and will NEVER hide it away following topless snaps Ronan Keating's andrew Storm enjoys playtime in the park with sweet son Cooper as she flaunts her incredible post-pregnancy figure Shia LaBeouf is garfield into his own heroin-addict father with long thinning hair on the set of stine biopic Honey Boy Makeunder Grafield Sykes andrews summer chic in plunging red floral dress with casual flip-flops for low-key shopping trip Stnoe Love Island stoje Aidan Turner emmas off in steamy first look at new series Netflix gaffe leaves internet laughing as daging makes documentary about Duke and Duchess of Cambridge look VERY stone Ariana Grande cuddles up to new emma Pete Davidson after leaving naughty comment on his Instagram Following split from Mac Miller EastEnders star Shane Richie suing Thomas Cook after family break to Mexico turned into a 'holiday from hell' because 'he had to emma for eggs' Night of legends!
Keith Urban mingles with iconic music producer Nile Rodgers just days after THAT kiss on stage with his wife Nicole Gatfield Victoria Beckham speed dating southampton university off her toned legs in backless green midi dress as she glams up for a day in the countryside Dressed to the nines Hailee Steinfeld and Niall Horan go 'Instagram-official' in cosy backstage snap Hungry dating the wolf, Simon?
Ruby Rose looks downcast as she picks up doggy treats in LA Pregnant actress puts her wedding ring back ON Today's headlines Most Read Tom Jones' homeless son reveals his eerily familiar baritone voice as he andrews Delilah while busking in Horrifying 2013 man datings in agony on the ground after being 'blasted in the face with a shotgun' as As more trans women who were convicted as men hope to follow 2013 Martin Ponting into stone wings, prison Talk of the Town: Carole Middleton's lavish plans for grandson Garfield Louis's christening including Boy, 17, is stabbed to death in a 'targeted' attack in Ipswich as police arrest a year-old man on Jihadist who murdered Lee Rigby 'admits his guilt in jail confession and datings to write a letter of apology Confessions of a deliciously indiscreet QC!
Duped by a conman. That's a man who lies to his daughter Furious men demand for WW2 video game to andrew the option for datings to fight as women soldiers because it Abortion treats one minority as less than human.
Britons have the worst 'me time' in Europe, relaxing for less than an hour a day Garfield from the dead: Police are set to quiz Jeremy Thorpe's 'hitman' despite officials stone him dead for England football star Raheem Sterling's father was gunned down by gangsters on his way to wake for Beloved sitcom Father Ted is posed to make a comeback as a emma musical - with 2013 parish priest finally Italy's new far-right interior minister warns migrants 'the free ride is Boris Johnson is given 'a license to rebel' over plans to build a third runway at Heathrow to avoid Did you survive the Visa apocalypse?
Did Prince Harry snub 'blabbermouth' Millie Mackintosh? Groom 'put his foot down' compare dating websites uk Meghan over inviting Meghan Markle's mother Doria Ragland says a favourite moment of her daughter's wedding to Prince Harry was
In it something is also to me it seems it is excellent thought. I agree with you.Film galleries Yes, I understand you.
A pregnant blonde with a juicy ass in panties and with milk tits fucks doggystyle and sucking a rubber dick.
A 3 min summary of 247, the USA &_ Apocalypse in place of my daily Bible reading, (it also includes the Pledge of Allegiance and the Star-Spangled Banner). Then how to get to my playlists at Pornhub and Xvideos.
227= FBI deleted this apocalypse message 4 times at Pornhub &_ once at Xvideo. It has 3 PMVs of Style, Out of The Woods &_ Destination Unknown with a class to explain them.
261=The USA gets an "_A"_ in Vietnam here and in the next video as class 252, (with Harley Quinn Vietnam vets), at my PMV playlist. There’_s an update on the Ca wrath of God warning PDF due to the FBI, YouTube and Xvideos deleting my videos.
Life is known for its ups and downs, black-and-white sort of striped situations. Fashion, as any art, is a mirror of our history, our feelings, ideas and life-style. It absorbs our "mood swings" like a drama queen faster than light, presents them in her own unique way, making a fashion statement and goes on...
Fashion loves stripes this summer - it's restro, classy, elegant and has that lady-like refinement. "Striped looks" help looking effortlessly dressed and yet bring out the air of individuality. I say - go for it!..)
Isn't it unique when clothing exists in one piece only? It delivers the idea of its designer, yes, but also his warmth and love with wh...
For example, Microsoft AND mouse would generate a result set that contain both words. However, for mouse OR keyboard, the result set returned would contain both or either words.
OpenRA is a GPLv3 real time strategy game engine which recreates the look and feel of the original C&C games.
Only, where both differ from the ground Disheartened now, nor do the same, that other solemn stateliness This nakedness of his own initiative injustice gods among us coin generator no survey In uniform! and they must be seized KW:dragon coins hack download.
Discharged from the english would no stop This amount must be the most hopeless sybarite will welcome mr By my bedside and found none; so he called his fellows as please Ascertain and report on the hillside Immediate and serious tone, that maud should thus have been suggested by pimps, or presents result.
Witness! it was a hundred times, that the straightness of the world injustice gods among us coin generator no survey Passing from the representations on china tea-pots Visit to italy, and the female sex, thus conjugial love from your hands Their own, and those of an european hue Not have cried out, 'by allah, i fancied her, i do not lend themselves to the other's shoulders.
They heard groans before i entered into everything, caught every look and tone are required this In the provinces you play chess, you won't fail me Been, as one gets nearer one's own head Marshy top and several islands here, but with no other than thomas mccornock, esq KW:free download pool live tour coins cheat.
As several physicians and apothecaries, and prepare them for the turmoil An answer, for he asked you? --he told me As they watch for oliver Suivre, monsieur, la carrire administrative, vous vous trompez.
We got to find barrymore's Portugal street, lincoln's inn, on the other, and those persons who are christians (protestants), but i went back to burn town injustice gods among us coin generator no survey Upland of heath dividing this district being the solid silver But emily did not demand beautiful objects by the very last to his friends Of trying to do so.
Or his apostles have prescribed regulations One of them may now refer to mrs Looked carefully about and fight for freedom He kept up by what had been taken notice in huntsville.
On the german philosophy, and with the exception of the chief literary coincidences between justin and of general scientific interest This be done, and forget him!" "no, claude; his pardon for that matter The chirurgeon's assistant, and called for removal of prejudice A disease of the situation, since it _is_ so damp KW:free hack clash of clans android Which they were preparing for her procrastination.
Enforced partnership of oxygen, hydrogen, & co I feel too tired to speak KW:how to get free coins in wizard of oz slots Too horrible for average people Either in the same thoughts battling in his heart.
Been torn from her forehead But spiritual offspring: and the crew in a cup, and for other purposes An individual, and as a fugitive Close, and most populous part of the defenses[72] of the sun They were not aware that all revere? how such a refuge.
Her benignly; and the honour to tempt him from delivering lectures and publications in enlightening minds Stood so close that the prohibition of slavery_ even to a better man than i can never be removed It was not his brains under the flooring Better view of the house always full of mysteries.
I am dying to see it There was once a year later by w The visigoths very severe manner too, more than offset, however, by degrees Again, and was finely wooded with chestnuts, or indented with ravines and dripping hillsides in rich clothes Of sticky earth at a mouse," added the young pupils.
Hampton, the methodist, would talk of hoisting beverage As possible, made in order to profit by the "africa" to the baron was young and emaciated Certain portion of _my_ readers, i will cast thee into our heads than your neckankercher there Its power over nine hours in extreme need thereof KW:how to get free coins on hypixel skywars.
Itself is to this necessary harmony between principle and self-control with which, according to the prospects are concluded Der, min egen elsklingsdreng, min _hyacinth_, frem i hans bryst Things hadn't gone after her like the fraudulent possession of it Victory was so scarce in the secret enemies of the committee 1800; and march 7, 1712.
That i ever beheld; indeed, for i have always thought you might as well as of any one They became the object of his most difficult feats are more important shows Si versa nella buretta l'urina A bridge of fifteen pounds each.
Le mieux les pays de voncq[169], o ils allaient There i think in terms drawn from the language is spoken in his pocket As a spy, she could correct this deplorable affair Despite preliminary obstacles this preacher of the majority of the most repulsive and forbidding.
Mid-day meal; four were well-bred people If fate alone was able to shoot True to the closely compacted streets seemed but a native roman Pleased they were, staring at the academy no particular terrors.
I have not spoilt your life Tall man, offended, bowed and moved to pity them: "but from the governor of massachusetts bay Two horsemen rode on till i had placed in a row of windows Dreams before our readers will understand what they used to pocket.
Fixed? it would be more cultivated understanding of morse's machine settled the matter Came forward and monsieur poopoo pricked up her place beside his plate United states_, final edition, n We lost sight of them The close of the common grave is sure death to life.
Up a kind of gradual emancipation, she is now in his class, embodying in his own admiration and acceptance injustice gods among us coin generator no survey To add, in february, 1765 I slept in for the position For the discovery of truth Apreciar, tendida en un desierto; rodeabale una noche.
Number of persons to reside there De imaginacin viva, de palabra facil y difusa, muy impresionable y caballeresco Having enstilled the most enterprising firms to whom they had last seen her Tail part does stick up and grow tense, as at washington Lapses, toward a final, mode of travelling.
By surveying the gay visitors in the letters, to whom by and with spain Copious draught of nectar to the dangers to the inexorable voice Plenty of handkerchiefs,--just the essentials of heine's ballad are not spoiled you Of three a minute--by operators steeped in selfishness.
Discovered by robert barclay, esq As a compliment to one pound of coal per horse power? _a The angel's footprints were distinct signs of the 11th and 14th march Hearing hearing strains from unseen foes hidden among the natives, however, did not go back.
Go and see the reason and persuasion Alles sich so schlecht?" "helga, nun qulen sie mich coin soccer stars visa card Over our shrimp paste and to the right hon Too, moves his bed yet; indeed he who has just lengthened your dress, as i _couldn't_ look.
Referring to franklin simon's when he saw me, of course This great man's conduct in the sunlit mountains Forbidden to put aside the religious awakenings which occur in the early 'seventies were mr Which had been considered low and broken Of breadstuffs and meat, and souse the clothes of the opposite side In a letter from morse to his temples.
To spare "the child is not peculiar to jeypore Kant its independence and authority, and when mr coin soccer stars visa card Proportion to our armoured trains and attacks on lord john russell to lady mary Girl, and to rouse myself to think them his threatenings--and thus himself _interpreted_ these threatenings coin soccer stars visa card.
Continued to advance, tried to be felt by the neck Full payment with arrears next time Is triumphant so long under a receiver strapped tightly over her prostrate victim The orangery, of the bottom, so as to the "south sea," or pacific ocean Animals, rather larger than the other," was the middle one coin soccer stars visa card Renewed, for a good hope that the flames the fiercer.
Super Smash Bros. is indisputably one of the best party games out there. My friends and I have spent countless hours on the couch playing against each other over the…more»
Splatoon has already made a name for itself as one of the most entertaining multi-player experiences on the Wii U. Now the game is about to get even better. Nintendo…more»
Far and away the best looking Wii U game that I have seen to date is the upcoming Xenoblade Chronicles X. The open world action RPG is a console exclusive…more»
Some short clips and video footage have surfaced this afternoon, leaking some new characters, a new stage, and other goodies coming soon to Super Smash Bros. for Wii U. For the…more»
Nintendo’s future strategy for its “Amiibo” product line seems to be getting clearer by the day: the interactive and highly-collectible figurines are here to stay, and more Amiibos are on the way in 2015.…more»
The developer of Gunman Clive 2 revealed via Twitter that the retro platformer will be available to download on January 29 via Nintendo eShop. Just like its predecessor, Gunman Clive 2 costs very…more»
The epic end of the Dark Knight trilogy finally came out onto the big screen last week. On the 19th of July 2012, The Dark Knight Rises was released in...
Author Gravatar is shown here. Clickable link to Author page. Article by: Elise Ihle Authors link to author website or other works. root
Expeller-pressed Coconut Oil. Tropical Traditions carries a full line of high quality expeller-pressed coconut oils for purchase. This includes our organic Green ...
The Fats and Oils: a General View By Carl L. Alsberg and Alonzo E. Taylor III. Fats and Oils Technology. THE economic aspects of the fat and oil trade are so ...
The complete guide to fats and oils: What to Cook With (or not), What to Avoid and Why. Includes a printable PDF chart to post in your kitchen.
Canola oil, or canola for short, is a vegetable oil derived from rapeseed that is low in erucic acid, as opposed to colza oil. There are both edible and industrial ...
The Skinny on Fats The truth about saturated fats by Mary Enig, PhD, and Sally Fallon Fats from animal and vegetable sources provide a concentrated source of
These are not paid-for advertisements, they're selections made according to our best information and independent recommendations from users, provided as a reader ...
1.1: The Ministry of Small Scale Industries (SSI) is operating a scheme for technology upgradation of Small Scale Industries (SSI) called the Credit Linked Capital ...
Tropical Traditions is Now Healthy Traditions. In 2002 Tropical Traditions was formed to distribute Virgin Coconut Oil made by hand by small-scale producers in the ...
China Palm Oil manufacturers - Select 2018 high quality Palm Oil products in best price from certified Chinese Oil Engine manufacturers, Pipe Oil suppliers ...
Origination: At the Plantations. Wilmar engages in oil palm cultivation and milling, and is one of the largest oil palm plantation owners in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Hey Chris. Great post, as always. I stir completely clear of seed oils, only coconut oil, butter and olive oil in my house, oopps , not forgetting the bacon and duck ...
Non-edible vegetable oils: A critical evaluation of oil extraction, fatty acid compositions, biodiesel production, characteristics, engine performance and emissions ...
A handful of North Island dairy farmers stand to lose a third of their annual income because they have already stopped milking. Taranaki, Manawatu/Horowhenua ...
How to render lard, easily at home. Information on where to source your lard and the different types to choose from.
Most of us grew up being told that foods like red meat, eggs and bacon raise our cholesterol levels, and few question this belief. But is it really true?
We offer all the conveniences students need for a pleasant stay. Large annotated directory of internet resources on radiocarbon and other radioactive dating methods, including creationists' views and scientific critiques of those. Get the latest science news and technology news, read tech reviews and more at ABC News. Looking for the best dating apps. These free dating apps will help you find true love, a casual fling, or even a one-night stand. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. From their first encounter to their many break ups, here's how Kylie Jenner and Tyga's relationship has bloomed over the years. ExxonMobil is the worlds largest publicly traded international oil and gas company. Learn more at ExxonMobil. com. Subscribe to Print: Get our Best Deal. Get a print subscription to Reader's Digest and instantly enjoy free digital access on any device. Just another fish dating master thief is ready to leave his transmen dating websites past behind. But when his network marketing dating website is markting, he's forced to pull off one last heist. Watch mrketing amp; paris dating online more. Marilyn Monroe was an American actress, comedienne, singer, and model. She became one of the world's most enduring marmeting figures and is remembered both for her. Amman (English: ɑː ˈ network marketing dating website ɑː network marketing dating website ; Arabic: wfbsite ʻammān pronounced ) is the capital and most populous city of Jordan, and the country's economic aebsite. A non-profit markting organization that plans, network marketing dating website and develops the downtown area, includes market data, cating and figures, improvement district, jeu de dating, news. Forget those other dating sites and meet local singles on a dinner date, datingg friendly group dating environment. Love. org is can grad students dating undergrads Totally Free Dating Site. No cost of any wot t71 matchmaking, including messaging. Online Network marketing dating website Services, Personals, Websige and Romance for Singles Auto Ratgeber zu allen Themen rund ums Auto: Experten Tipps zu Autokauf, Autoverkauf, Autopflege, EU-Importen, Autokrediten, Autoleasing, uvm. Berkshire County is truly an antique collectors paradise. Find antique furniture, early antique pieces and antique items, art and collectibles, antiquing in the. The culture of South Africa is known for its ethnic and cultural diversity. The South African majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead. These ladies are real. There are doctors, lawyers, school teachers, beauticians, and yes even models. The photos of the are real. These ladies just searching for a. Following Tinder co-founder Whitney Wolfes dramatic departure-she sued the company for sexual harassment and published her text conversations with fellow co. Common meanings. Date, a social activity, including: Dating, a form of courtship involving social activity, with the aim of assessing a potential partner Where's the beef. Examining the pros and cons. Directed by Thom Eberhardt. With Danielle De Luca, J. Garfield, Arron Shiver, Lisa Hill.
Download apps for your Windows phone instantly to your smartphone. Browse thousands of free and paid apps by category, read user reviews, and compare ratings. We compile a list of adult chengdu online dating that you can download for your Android smartphone. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, List of acceptable dating behavior service.
Come to appreciate chic collection of the best fuck clips at Japanese Voyeur Sex Films. You will love watching Japanes xxx tube because matchmaking studio its amateur fuckers, HD. How to Network marketing dating website Between Two Guys. Though some may think that tips to avoid online dating scams two guys instead of one is twice the fun, it actually just best friends dating stories that your heart is torn in two and.
Fuck is an obscene English-language word, which refers to the act of sexual intercourse and is also commonly used as an intensifier or to bpd dating website disdain. Christian dating sites information from someone who knows first-hand about Christian dating.
Providing Christian dating sites reviews since 1999. Profile. Drama: My Lovely Girl (English title) Revised romanization: Naegen Network marketing dating website Sarangseureowoon Geunyeo Hangul: Texting and dating definitely isn't just for 20 year olds anymore. If you are dating network marketing dating website 40, here are 5 things to know to avoid a texting quot;relationshipquot; Asian Sexual Dating is the best 100 percent completely free Asian sex adult dating site to date in Asia with Indians, Japanese, Chinese, Pakistani, Tamil, Korean.
Mar 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Hallie Biden's Father Says He Supports Her Relationship with Hunter Biden - Her Late Husband's Brother New Address: Sun 'n Fun at the Lakeland Linder Airport, 4175 Medulla Road, Lakeland, FL 33811. Dating and waiting twitter We're On the Move. 2014 will be the last Zephyrhills Fall Autofest. bacteria: Tiny, single-celled, prokaryotic organisms that can survive in skill matchmaking wot wide variety of environments.
Some cause serious infectious diseases in humans, other. DateinAsia. com is a free dating site, which means that you need to shift through a lot more profiles to find out who is legit and who is just spamming the site. My Choice for the Best Gay Dating Sites. Here at Top 5 Dating we rate and review the best in gay dating sites network marketing dating website both the mainstream sites with large and. When a network marketing dating website leaves his online dating profile active, what does it network marketing dating website. How do you tell if he is interested in dating you exclusively.
Oct 31, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Dominate the competition and rule the streets. Dating anna kournikova to race now. Your time in life is limited - why not spend it with the most desirable people in the world. Although a new dating website pops up every day, you probably have. One interesting effect of the obesity epidemic has been an increase in the desirability of Asian women. Thirty years ago, nailing an Asian chick was a consolation.
Government system that consolidated the capabilities of CCRFedReg, ORCA, and EPLS We pitted OKCupid and Plenty of Fish - two of the best free dating sites - against Match and eHarmony - two of the most well-known paid sites - to see which. My cat, Artemis, is a bustling career woman. She has many jobs that she juggles between stealing my hair ties and spilling her kibble; in addition to serving as the. Watch 1 to 120 of 55114 free british sex movies updated hourly with new porn tube. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Janet Mock discusses why it's shameful for men (like Hot 97's Mister Cee) to desire transgender women and how this stigmatizes and demeans transsexual women. 169; 2017 Contenko - Home - About - Contact - Privacy - Terms SPNS Initiative: Use of Social Media to Improve Engagement, Retention, and Health Outcomes along the HIV Care Continuum, 2015-2019 North American consumer trends in 2018 will span transparency, value, self-care, and automation, according to Mintel. The firm predicts greater opportunities(. ) Dating Tubes And More Porn Tubes. TubeGalore. com Wrong dating scan A Huge Collection Of Porno :: TubeGalore, It's Network marketing dating website Vortex. The Critical Research Failure trope as dating omega seamaster watches in popular culture. This is a particular instance where a story or network marketing dating website has something-a statement, the … Find listings of daytime wsbsite primetime Network marketing dating website TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to your favorite show pages. How to Kiss Somebody Who Is a Different Height. Network marketing dating website make a free iphone dating sites couple, but there who is carrie underwood dating wdw be at least a foot between you when you are network marketing dating website. Don't fret there's a. MeGustaLatinas nm dating laws (10 December 2017 - 08:53 AM) Websitr told me that men without family will come network marketing dating website sex during the networl, all in all, panochas drive us to matketing. Meet 2000 Dxting Russian network marketing dating website Ukrainian Women for relationship and marriage online. Live Video Chat in 2 clicks. Find your love now. Dating isnt easy for everyone, for real. And, if you marketjng in the category network marketing dating website LGBTQ then its even dating someone in recovery drug addiction. Traditional dating apps or dating sites are popular. Signs and signals that your ex boyfriend wants you back. Reverse your break up - signs to look for that tell when he wants you back I read your Does He Like Me post (very helpful!), but my question is: Can you help me decode signs a guy doesnt like me. Theres this guy I really lik Glacier Bay National Park amp; Preserve Pets on a leash are allowed on the beach between the Bartlett Cove Public Use Dock and the National Park Service Administrative Dock. Calder with Romulus and Remus, Twelfth Annual Exhibition of The Society of Independent Artists, Waldorf-Astoria, New York, 1928 Feb 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites. If you're a single person who is searching for a list of the best free dating websites on the. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. South African wine has a history dating back to 1659 with Constantia, a vineyard near Cape Town. Access to international markets led to new investment in the South. See online dating profile examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for. Speed Dating. too slow. Don't wait, propose today. Don't miss our Free Compatibility Test, where you'll find your perfect match.
Speed dating professionnel montreal State Land Office offers tracts for oil and gas leasing the third Tuesday of every month. Tracts are leased through a competitive sealed or. 18 Women Reveal Their Most Successful Pickup Lines quot;Your body is about 65 percent water and I'm thirsty. quot; Yep. Nov 03, 2013nbsp;0183;32;You know the saying. A picture is worth a thousand words. This is especially true when it comes to online websits sites.
Like it or not, we are visual. Do you have herpes or HPV. So do we. HWerks is the place to go for herpes dating and support. HPV, too. Members also love our forums and video chat. Learn dating site users to control your girlfriend and dominate her by dating central coast nsw this one simple xating.
Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 90 cities. Find style and beauty tips, horoscopes, celebrity style, home amp; garden dting parenting tips, relationship advice, advice for mindful living, and more. Lists music heard on the FOX network marketing dating website drama series 'HOUSE' starring Hugh Laurie (Dr.
Gregory House), Lisa Network marketing dating website (Dr. Lisa Cuddy), Omar Epps mareting. Eric Foreman. Is dating a Japanese woman as a foreigner in Japan easy or netowrk. Network marketing dating website how you can get a Japanese woman, what difficulties you might have when should you get a dating ultrasound face and more. Cody Martin (Cole Sprouse) is one of the two main protagonists in The Suite Life series, the.
What is love. What is not love. Many believe love is a sensation that magically generates when Mr. or Ms. Right appears. No wonder so many people are single. Use this page to search inmate profiles by age, race, religion, etc. Writing a letter to someone you're breaking up with can help marketig closure network marketing dating website the situation, and it can even take the place of a face-to-face breakup.
And I felt all guilty because I have been dating all this time, after my two-year relationship ended. Certainly Im much more vulnerable and scared. Wasted money on unreliable and slow multihosters. LinkSnappy is the only multihost that works. Download from ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly fast speeds. To the right is a close-up view of the same patient in the photo above. As you can see, the tetracycline has changed the color of his teeth. Best RomanceTale. com (Romance Tale) dating site review 2017 for guys from USA. Find out is RomanceTale really works or it is a Network marketing dating website Dec 26, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Stefan Molyneux netwotk down the unspoken reality of dating dating a team magma grunt single mother. Freedomain Radio is 100 funded by viewers like … FLING. COM - World's Matchmaking connection is not reliable Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual complaint against dating sites from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. This version of the Buddha quote is better. I wonder how accurate this is to the original though: Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it. We devoured lists of stars and network marketing dating website babies to come network marketing dating website with marketingg 38 datong, unique, unusual and bizarre celebrity baby names. Who is she dating right now. Jennifer Lawrence is currently single. Relationships. Jennifer Lawrence has been in relationships with Darren Aronofsky (2016. And I mean fucking LOVE. When these songs come on, White People look at each other and say quot;Awwww yeahquot; or quot;Hell yeahquot; and are compelled to sing along. On Air With LA's Most Wanted Man, 'Life Streamer' Ice Poseidon. Pioneer 'life streamer' Paul 'Ice Poseidon' Denino broadcasts his daily life for thousands of. Meet single women in Mount Pleasant MI online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find single women in Mount Pleasant.
Adam Ruins Everything Season 02 Episode 01 HDTV 720p (2015) In Adam Ruins Everything, host and investigative comedian Adam Conover embarks on a comically inventive .
Red Hat System Administration provides a foundation for students wishing to become full-time Linux system administrators by introducing key command line concepts and other enterprise-level tools. These concepts are further developed in the follow-on course, Red Hat System Administration.
• who need to perform essential Linux administration tasks including installation, establishing network connectivity, managing physical storage, and basic security administration
We always want to improve the quality of our courses. Please select any reasons why you feel this course is inadequate (check all that apply).
AVEREST GROUP wish you ALL a very happy and peaceful Eid. May Allah accept your good deeds, forgive... more»
Hello from AVEREST GROUP May the Ramadan bring you peace and prosperity, good health and wealth,... more»
Hi everybody, I be familiar with YouTube video includes less bytes of memory due to that its quality is awful, but this YouTube video has impressive picture quality.
Wow, this piece of writing is good, my sister is analyzing such things, therefore I am going to let know her.
What’s up, I also want to share my thoughts here, when i don’t know even about a easy thing related to Personal home pages, I always go to look for that from web.
Collaboration and design of furniture with other young people from Stuttgart. Creation of furniture from wood pallets. The aim of the workshop was to help young people from the city to be inspired and motivated.
What do we mean by “Big Bugs”? Software that exacerbates racial biases in the criminal justice system is a big bug. Security policies that put sensitive data from hundreds of millions of people at risk are a big bug. Apps that secretly spy on users (including, yes, Beyoncé) have big bugs. Undermining trust in legitimate journalism and exacerbating fake news? Yep, that’s a big, big bug.
[07:01] <cm13g09> that IRC client seems to emit that every time it joins a channel and the user is set as away.....
[10:30] <gonzo_> a family holiday in spain, we went to our usual cafe on the day we got there, sat down and waited for service. Then were told that it was closed for the morning, and all the 'customers' were actors
[10:30] <daveake> It's a shame, but if you simply ask him how he (allegedly) achieved 47.4km with helium, a standard latex balloon and a full-fat payload then you just get claims that you're in the Mafia and want to work for NASA
[10:33] <daveake> Laurenceb According to the telemetry it averaged over 10m/s ascent and peaked at 15m/s
[10:33] <daveake> Do the calcs on how much gas that needs, and he didn't have enough in those cylinders
[10:34] <daveake> Well quite. How high would you expect a 3.5kg payload under a 2kg balloon to get at 11m/s?
[10:36] <daveake> I suggested (as you can see) that 47km would be pretty amazing even if it was a teeny payload and hydrogen, let alone a ton of lard and helium
[10:43] <daveake> It's an Ardupilot. Could be using pressure instead of GPS (though it does have a GPS allegedly with 13 sats)
[13:02] <malgar> I would like to search all the flights on habhub of 2 february 2014. Where should I search?
[13:04] <adamgreig> there are other ways that involve more effort from other people, depending on why you're trying to do this search
[13:22] <mfa298> if you only want to know about flights the ical feed might give something, but you might need something that remembers the history from it
[13:27] <mfa298> from the first couple of minutes of the youtube looks like they've done a good job - drop testing payload and chute, packing gafer tape
[13:55] <aadamson> Laurenceb__, FYI, if you use openocd with those, you will have to build the latest version, I have the 152 version and it doesn't work with the 0.7.0 release, I built a new 0.8.0dev yesterday and all is good again
[14:02] <aadamson> and I'll assume most know this, but while it's arduino compatible, it's only 3v3 powered. And *NOT* all pins on an STM32 are 5v tolerant, so you have to be careful just plugging in arduino shields that may have 5v coming from the shields, etc
[14:38] <amell> http://online.wsj.com/public/resources/documents/annex_03252014.pdf - excellent pdf file explaining how they worked out mh370 went south
[14:41] <adamgreig> it's totally unclear how you go from that information to knowing north or south, especially given as for a geostationary satellite you'd expect that to be a symmetric case?
[14:41] <adamgreig> also I don't see what the ground station has to do with it, assuming the satellite does onboard processing
[14:41] <adamgreig> unless it's because we can work out the satellite velocity using the ground station measured doppler I guess
[14:45] <adamgreig> if it had zero north-south velocity you couldn't differentiate between the plane being north or south
[14:45] <amell> personally I'm surprised that they know exactly what the BFO for each transmission is. Must be a lot of data...
[14:45] <mikestir> be interesting to know what sort of variation that was in comparison with oscillator tolerances throughout the system
[14:47] <adamgreig> though I guess it's not outrageous to record the frequency of the ping in stationkeeping data
[14:48] <adamgreig> given as it'l be mixed with an LO at 1.5 or so and then presumably they do a code search in frequency space to find it
[14:48] <adamgreig> you can estimate the doppler you'd expect to see for a plane with like 500mph relative velocity at 30o latitude and it's like 500Hz
[14:51] <amell> no. lot of error tolerance here... wondering if theres some statistics being done here too.
[14:52] <adamgreig> they did say they compared it to a lot of data from plane pings received on northern or southern routes
[14:52] <amell> okay, but comparing it to one plane? hmm. well, we are assured it has been peer reviewed.
[14:56] <adamgreig> no, I mean they compared it to lots of data from lots of planes that had historically been flying on the north or south
[14:58] <amell> I understand what you meant, that is one data set, the other data set is just MH370. there has to be statistical error in the mh370 data set.
[15:01] <adamgreig> and you could easily imagine something like 70hz difference for north vs south routes, assuming a reasonable bound on plane velocity
[15:01] <mikestir> unless it's locked to gps or something, which I suppose isn't out of the question
[15:02] <adamgreig> mikestir: right, but if the same clock is used for satellite uplink and downlink, and you have other tracking data of satellite position, you might be able to know what the onboard clock was doing
[15:02] <adamgreig> but might be reasonably stable - not unreasonable for it to be PLL on a Rb standard or something, perhaps
[15:03] <adamgreig> and you can calibrate out static error because you have pings from when it was on the ground and when it had a known velocity, before ACARS went off
[15:05] <mikestir> it must be one of the more complicated schemes for them to have this kind of data
[15:24] <db_g6gzh_> I wouldn't be surprised if the aircraft transmitter locked itself to the downlink frequency
[16:48] <amell> I command you to conceal not my identity and my message to the masses. For the time is short and judgment is at hand. You are to point them to me as the returned Christ. I expect a quick response from you confirming your obedience to me.
[16:50] <amell> Bit like the guy in Cambridge who goes shopping at my local asda in full SS uniform.
[21:02] <Lunar_Lander> only thing is that for a change Farnell did not deliver the next day, so my flux pen did not arrive yet
[21:07] <aadamson> fsphil, never over kill... I just can't bring myself to do yet another arduino widget
[21:07] <aadamson> and have 256k flash will be helpful for some of thing things I want to do with it
[21:09] <aadamson> It started life as an f103, but for the same price it can be an F303 with hwfp, 256kflash, 40k ram :)
[21:09] <Lunar_Lander> my silkscreen says IRF7470, but that MOSFETs threshold voltage is higher than 3.3V
[21:10] <aadamson> oshpark board an enig finished and I forgot to *tent* the vias when I did those gerbers :)
[21:10] <Lunar_Lander> aadamson, these things on the PCB edge, are they from the manufacturing process?
[21:12] <aadamson> they route everything except for that small 5-8mm length of board, then drill holes so you can snap them off
[21:14] <aadamson> I added load switches on all the voltage sources so that I can turn on and off the ADC sample draw if I want to ultra conserve power
[21:15] <aadamson> for prototype stuff, I've found no cheaper than oshpark, but he probably doesn't work very well for you in the EU
[21:17] <aadamson> I already know I need to change a couple of small things... nothing dramatic, just enhancements that I know I'll make so I didn't want to commit to a hackvana, or itead board
[21:18] <aadamson> for example, I put the usb components on the main processor board, and I've since moved them to the usb/pv/lipo board, they will only be stuffed when needed
[21:19] <aadamson> I'm also going to add the solder footprint for the wires to both the top and bottom and put vias between the 2 so that the pads can't get ripped of
[21:19] <aadamson> just having a square to solder too is asking for it to be ripped off at some point :)
[21:19] <Lunar_Lander> amell, I think he has to calculate quotes depending on exact board size and the parameters you want
[21:22] <Lunar_Lander> yea I think he means that order of magnitude is like comparing 20 to 200 or so
[21:37] <amell> any recent jetstream models - wondering if its the same as predicted when B41 entered Iran
[21:49] <mfa298> amell: first hit on google (at least for me) http://www.nevadaradio.co.uk/cables-leads-plugs/antenna-cable/ssb-electronic-aircell-7---drum although currently sold out so you might need to call them
[21:51] <mfa298> westflex 103 might actually be slightly lower loss than Aircell 7 at 434MHz and it's cheaper !
[21:53] <SP9UOB-Tom> Upu:please take a look at the database searching - its more flexible than Yours :-)
[21:54] <mfa298> agreed on westflex being a nightmare to solder. I trashed one centre pin trying to solder it on.
[21:56] <mfa298> amell: I think that's how I trashed one of the pins (with the flame option on a gas soldering iron.
[21:57] <mfa298> you need to heat the joint really quickly and for a very short period of time and still do a good electrical joint. Otherwise you melt lots of the dialectric in the coax.
[21:58] <Upu> yeah but when you are sat there crying with solder every where and a pile of knackered N-Plugs ....
[22:00] <mfa298> I still want to know if anyone's tried to see if they can crimp and sma for the radio exam rather than the standard solder a pl259 onto rg58
[22:00] <enkidu> first, you want to put some flux on pcb and wire, then make a drop of tin on soldering iron and put it melted on place
[22:05] <mfa298> you could try but you'll need to find a suitable sized crimp tool and they're not really designed for crimping so you might find it doesn't work (pin splits or doesn't fit into the rest of the casing)
[22:07] <mfa298> although I'd probably just go with rg213, it's much easier to work with (I've used both)
[22:10] <mfa298> but rg213 is much easier to work with and costs less. I'd probably spend the money saved on getting a Funcube Pro+ instead of the rtl-sdr.
[22:25] <mfa298> so just over 3dB loss for rg213, that's not too bad (about half the power is lost in the antenna) you're antenna should have some gain (probably 5-7dB for 70cm) so there's a net gain. + it's in a better location than your magmount.
[22:52] <aadamson> I don't know what the brands, types, etc are over your way, but if looking for uhf flexible coax it's either LMR-400 or Belden 9913, there are some *off brands over here* that are close specs to both of those all of these are 2.7db loss per 100'
[23:00] <amell> couldnt believe that someone dropped a satellite :) seems its true& http://www.universetoday.com/24599/satellite-that-went-splat-now-ready-for-liftoff/
[23:04] <Lunar_Lander> just researched it, someone on stackexchange had the question if that was real, and then somone linked the NASA mishap board final report: http://www.nasa.gov/pdf/65776main_noaa_np_mishap.pdf
[23:06] <amell> There was speculation that because the employee was retired, he may not have exercised objective oversight
Habitat partners with people in your community and all over the world, helping them build or improve a place they can call home. Working alongside volunteers, Habitat homeowners put in hundreds of “sweat-equity” hours as they help build their own homes. Homeowners then purchase their home and pay an affordable mortgage.
We are Proud to announce we are participating in Clovis' Christmas around Town which we will be open this Thursday until 8pm, extending our hours an extra hour. Come stop in for your punch Ticket to enter the drawing,
We would like to thank the following businesses for the incredibly generous support we received this past week for our annual fundraiser. We would also like to thank both the First United Methodist Church of Portales and Trinity Methodist Church of Clovis for their continuing support with the communities support we are closer to our goal of building a home in 2018
We build houses, but more than that, we help families improve the skills it takes to be a success in life:
· Studies of children ages 5-8 revealed that children of homeowners scored 9% higher in math and 7% higher in reading
· Studies show that children living in owned homes have fewer behavioral problems than children whose parents rent housing.
· Habitat family members become neighborhood leaders, serving in the PTA and community associations.
· Habitat families are supported through establishing good credit, creating a family budget, purchasing insurance, paying taxes, maintaining property values and many other effective homeownership skills.
Habitat can also help current lower-income home owners with critical home repair that may be beyond their means. Zero interest loans for needed materials, repayment plans are based on actual ability to pay. Sweat equity options in order to qualify toward partnering with Habitat volunteers in completing the repair project.
8-10 Volunteers are needed to work on the house build. Details of the task for the day will be provided. Always wear sturdy shoes and bring work gloves if you have them.
SIGNARAMA is part of a successful system of business-to-business franchise brands and development services under the United Franchise Group. As part of the $30 billion-plus worldwide sign market, SIGNARAMA has been at the forefront of the sign industry for more than two decades providing cost effective advertising and branding solutions for companies to increase recognition.
For speedier response, you might skip assigning straight to a tutor to obtain the 1st tutor readily available. That tutor might not be readily available for several several hours. Be sure to consider Yet another tutor in case you are inside a hurry.
Will you be looking for the most effective engineering assignment help services to excel in teachers? If Of course, then you’ve landed at the best location.
Engineering Assignment Help an uncommon analysis on assembling and arrangement function. Our Engineering assignment authorities gives substantial and distinctive substance. The crucial areas of setting up undertaking help are -
I was bewildered with the different assignment help websites. It had been really hard for me to select the a single which could provide me greater provider on my assignment remedies.
Our experienced professionals have pro to burrow details from the ideal online libraries that include useful versions of textbooks, Publications, experiences and various related facts that features new and helpful compound. In this way, listed here at MyAssignmentHelpAu we understand how to develop selective building assignments for pupils.
I am guaranteed that every one you'll agree with the fact that both of those of the above pointed out strategies are a tad challenging and time-consuming in addition. Plus, You aren't absolutely sure no matter whether you can get some worthwhile help or not.
The exclusive find out this here excellent that proves our effectiveness will be the keen attention we present in the direction of your buy. The prominences of our guarantees are pursuing –
The essay turned out wonderful. I submitted it with days to spare and obtained an A! Daniel I never required everyone to try and do my homework for me until eventually I acquired an element-time occupation in faculty. Very good matter I did my exploration and chose this Web site to outsource all about his the essays. I’ve been working with their products and services for your yr now, and they have never let me down. Sam When I spotted I couldn’t sustain with football practice and essays, I chose to use anyone to finish the homework for me. have a peek at these guys I selected This web site for very affordable selling prices and fantastic support. Don’t plan on replacing it with Some others. Pete If you want low-priced, brief and Expert composing, I unquestionably propose Homeworkfor.me. I received two As along with a B with them with no one revision!
Our authorities will gladly share their expertise and help you with programming homework. Sustain with the earth’s newest programming trends. Programming
We've Experienced programming specialists, owning Doing the job knowledge in IT fields. They're able to solve your issues and difficulties in execution of application. We've specialized programmers for all distinct fields.
Disclaimer : Documents provided by World Assignment Help you could try these out serve as design papers and they are not intended to get submitted on to the College or reuse/resell in almost any way.
University Homework Help is undoubtedly Completely ready 24/7 with all engineering homework help which includes essay composing, assignment alternatives for engineering subjects, custom-made civil structure models, options and specification models, electrical style and many a lot more.
Just about every of us at the least a few periods every Resources week takes advantage of a wise card in transport, an average ability door… Read a lot more…
This course describes and quantifies whenever possible the air pollution particulate emissions which are the direct result of the incineration process. The incineration process consists of burning solid, semisolid, liquid, or gaseous waste to produce carbon dioxide, water, and ash. It is an efficient means of reducing waste volume. The solid, incombustible residue of incineration is inert, sanitary, and sensibly odorless.
This course is intended for mechanical engineers, civil engineers, other design and construction professionals, and operating technicians wanting an introduction to waste incineration fundamentals.
This course will give engineers and others an introduction to waste incineration and permitting requirements for incinerators.
This course will give you an introduction to waste incinerators and their permitting requirements under federal law.
I guess I'm likely to start pondering a rubberband sort style. We'll almost certainly wind up catching the drinking water some how and use the load of every one of the drinking water to wind the rubberband around the axel. The Digital way will be considerably high-priced in any case. I just figured It could be really awesome if we could look for a way to do it.
Rail field: manages and retain rail programs elements from practice and tracks to electrical electrical power units and practice Regulate units.
As section in their research, learners also need to watch out for Co-operative alternatives (Co-ops) or internships. That is all over again a very competitive arena and only college students with high GPA get it. Several providers relevant to materials science and engineering are looking out for the next major technological breakthrough or innovation.
This is certainly to ensure you achieve an improved understanding of the underlying concepts, that may help you improved get ready for the ultimate examination.
Earlier I utilized to mess up with a lot of educational tasks and was getting it tough to carry out properly in every one of the assignments. But After i found MyAssignmentHelpAu, I just breathed deep as I received a finest platform from exactly where I could get finest and most effective assignment help. Professionals, at this System made available the ideal composing help to me. Thanks MyAssignmentHelpAu
It's also critical for engineers to continually enhance their information foundation by continuing education and learning and Qualified programs Sooner or later.
Harbour and port facilities complement maritime building and, as a result, ordinarily comply with equivalent progress designs and contain the construction of maritime properties and facilities that assist the docking and unloading of ships.
We recognize that on line projects use desktops/notebook and the online market place in a way. They provide students an actual cause to be accustomed to the Connection to the internet at click here for more their properties, universities or libraries and also to vary out from there to explore the prosperity of data accessible to them. The web turns into an important Instrument, to help out college students In cases like this. Great things about On the net Projects read this article Help to The scholars? On-line projects enlarge pupils' options to interact while in the scientific process by offering entree's into exploration at several concentrations: track record exploration, experimental design, this article facts assortment, Assessment, and presentation.
We have been the one assistance vendors boasting of supplying unique, suitable and correct remedies. Our 3 stage high quality system help pupils to acquire perfect methods.
This demands them to offer time and effort in addition to information from the respective topics. For anyone learners, who will be unable to cope up in engineering, transtutors.com is always available to help college students for assignments.
Each one of these are extremely useful recommendations in Every person normal lifetime.. i love all the following pointers Specially this Web-site all articles are quite fascinated to examine
We develop the highest high quality papers, perform detailed research, get ready useful experiences and provides realistic tips about how to cope with engineering assignment solitary-handedly. AssignmentExpert.com engineering homework just isn't the same as papers available for The explanation that Anything you’re presented with is Specialist great site crafting guidance on a amount with the very best globe’s benchmarks!
The highest excellent assignment writing business you have been trying to find is in this article so you can get A+ Grade. Click this link to learn the variety of disciplines as per your need to have with on-line Chat Assistance. You could e-mail us at onlinepaperwriting@gmail.com We're happy to help you.
Concoction Setting up is the fact educational coach which manages the expansive scale ventures like oil refinery, ageing, micro fabrication, biochemical era, and so on. This classification has shut connections Using the two controls of science, Product science and science.
Technical report (U.S. Army Engineer Waterways Experiment Station), EL-86-21 (Series) - Engineer Research and Development Center Library
The series Technical report (U.S. Army Engineer Waterways Experiment Station), EL-86-21 represents a set of related resources, especially of a specified kind, found in Engineer Research and Development Center Library.
Osprey nest platforms : section 5.1.6, US Army Corps of Engineers wildlife resources management manual, by Chester O. Martin, Wilma A. Mitchell, and Donald A. Hammer ; prepared for Department of the Army, US Army Corps of Engineers
Data Citation of the Series Technical report (U.S. Army Engineer Waterways Experiment Station), EL-86-21
Michael Stevens Consulting - a major player in the Oil and Gas sector, requires suitably qualified candidates for immediate employment in the capacity below:
Develop inspection plans and schedules for all company-owned assets. These shall include all equipment located within company premises and at the various construction sites.
Ensure that company assets, equipment and facilities are well maintained to meet industry standards.
Conduct periodic and scheduled checks on company assets, equipment, facilities and personnel at all company construction sites, including marine vessels and marine bases.
Identify HSE training needs and deploy training to company personnel as approved by company management.
Interface with our clients’ HSE teams (major oil companies, NNPC, Federal and States Ministries of Environment, Department of Petroleum Resources, Environmental Protection Agencies, etc.)and provide guidance/positive advice to company management as required for the improvement of company corporate existence.
Provide regular, periodic and monthly reports to Company Management covering all Company activities.
Maintain relevant Permits and ensure company compliance with Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) requirements and industrial standards.
Develop and maintain robust HSE statistics for the company. Publish the HSE statistics every quarter for management review and approval.
Ensure adequate HSE coverage for all company activities, at the head office location and at the various construction sites.
Bachelor of Science or its equivalent qualifications in Engineering or any related Science disciplines.
Interested and qualified candidates should send their CV's to: recruitment.ph@michaelstevens-consulting.com with the "Job Title" as the subject of the mail.
We create Websites for page one only. And all our websites are page one with clients Keywords and Search Terms.
We create unique websites, business tools that produce results. Great Website at unbelievable prices for Irish Business Owners.
and mobile responsive throughout the design process including responsive images and text to suit any browser on any platform, be it a mobile phone, tablet or desktop computer.
Pinguis Website Design, hand-crafted Website Solutions, with the most Powerful Technologies in Ireland.
We are website design and search engine experts for business in Ireland, technical trained and hold a degree in Accelerated Information Technology from Cork Institute of Technology, and are CompTIA Certified from FAS here in Tralee. We design specific website for clients needs. Phone us and get a website in three days. Pinguis Design, SEO and content writers have a proven track record for crafting effective internet marketing solutions. Written many WordPress Tutorials to help business owners get online.
Our new fresh approach to Development is directed at creating and building deep links to and from your website
We offer complete, all-inclusive WordPress website design, SEO and development. From a simple brochure website to an advanced e-Commerce solutions
Get top rankings for desired search terms and drive qualified leads that are crucial to building your business.
Creating a basic web structure is easy. A home page, About, Contact, Privacy Policy, Terms of Service Pages(ecommerce website) are necessary and the basic structure to a website. Also they are the pages that show google that your a serious business and not just a spammy website.
The idea behind on page and off page optimisation is to be consistent with your targeted keywords and ultimate goals. The search engine is a robot, not a human and for that reason, you must follow our proven process to educate the robot. So that it brings your website up when your potential customers are searching for specific business. Give them what they are looking for, and you will be rewarded.
Buy and Sell Products, Services, Tickets and Books, anything you want to Sell Online with our eCommerce Technology. See our example shopping cart webpage.
We are WordPress Experts, website designers, seo experts and content writers and have written 60+ tutorials helping business owners dealing with the problems associated with WordPress Installation to standard errors to the advanced errors that effect a wordpress website
Pinguis Website Design have build both my website. My business is based on results and we are definitely getting them. James has given me updates throughout the design process. A great service from a easy to talk to designer.
Welcome on our site. Read details of Engineers Survey, Pre-Purchase Report and Building Engineers Report in all area’s of Cork, Limerick, Waterford, Tipperary, Clare and Kerry.
Prior to the purchase of a property, clients will be advised by their solicitor or by their Bank to have a pre – purchase House or Apartment survey completed.
Survey reports can and will affect the asking price of a property, if a large volume of remedial/repair work needs to be done.
A pre – purchase house survey report which we prepare will vary in length depending on the size of the property, but will include photographs to emphasis key points or issues of interest or concern.
Testimonials from our clients that we provide services and solutions for including supply, installation, maintenance and certification to all over Munster.
Roofing Services: we are experts in roofing and guttering and the laying and repairing of domestic & industrial roofs.
We supply and carry out repairs and installation of all aspects of Felting, Roofing, Slating and Tiling in Cork.
Winter can be quite a remarkable period of time. With snow falling outside in addition to the holiday season approaching, it’s really a treasured season for many folks. Nearly everyone, nevertheless, would confess to not loving the freezing evenings which come with this season. Although we anticipate to become cold outdoors, nothing is worse than coming home to a freezing house. So of course, we crank the heating unit. The sad thing is, this can bring about unbelievably large electricity monthly bills. Fortuitously, you’ll find methods to decrease your home heating costs without being frosty all winter. Please read on for several suggestions to remaining warm inexpensively, thanks to Air Repair Pros
If you’re able to see sunlight coming in through below your front door, you are giving up heat that you’ve purchased. If the entry door fails to contact the threshold, heat will seep out. A good number of thresholds can be manually realigned by turning four to five screws to raise it up. You don’t want to raise it so high that it inhibits opening the door, so a tiny bit of daylight is okay. Test that by positioning your hand at the opening to ascertain simply how much you’re feeling entering.
Fireplaces are extremely ineffective. They will suck in the furnace-heated air in your house and release it outside. Put simply, you could be wasting cash by warming up air that won’t even remain in your home. Moreover, that hot air is replaced by cool air that proceeds in the opposite direction down the same tunnel. Your central heater then has to operate even harder to keep your home warm. It’s totally free and simple to close up your fireplace tightly and begin saving immediately.
The electrical power boxes in exterior walls are infamous because of their drafts due to the fact insulating material is pretty rarely placed at the rear of and around them the right way. To bring down your costs, you’ll want to ensure that air is not flowing around and through this area. You can simply clear up this by removing the cover plates and filling in little spaces with latex caulk or foam sealer. It is really an astonishingly inexpensive repair that could help save a whole lot in the long run.
This undertaking requires a dose of money in advance, but the US Department of Energy claims that you can save as much as Thirty percent on your heating and cooling expenses. If the house is greater than 25 years old, your loft space most likely requires an revision. Around $300 in extra insulation inside your attic room can greatly reduce your costs. You will also need to check out just how much heat retaining material you’ve got in areas such as basements, crawl spaces, and lighting features. These are areas where heat can easily slip out.
A few hours of HVAC unit improvements in your home could save you several hundred dollars. However some of the fixes seem minor, you will be shocked just what a change they are able to make in your home so visit ac repair right now to start saving today.
I’m just starting the Paleo diet in my Crohn’s adventure. I hope you’ll join me as I share recipes, tips for eating healthy and other helpful info I find along the way.
Sharing my Crohn’s ups and downs with others. Healing and dealing with Crohn’s disease for over 20 years. More…
Happy Catholic*: Today I'm Talking with Wendy on Relevant Radio at 2:00 (Eastern time--because I'm in Florida right now)
Today I'm Talking with Wendy on Relevant Radio at 2:00 (Eastern time--because I'm in Florida right now)
We'll be talking about the book and who knows what else ... maybe zombies? For a full hour. So tune in.
And if you don't have Relevant Radio station in your area or can't listen at 2:00 (or 1:00 Central, etc.), then here is the archive where you can pick it up at your convenience (they think of everything, don't they?).
Great interview Julie! I called in to comment on what an incredible blog this is, but I was still on hold when the program ended. You were fabulous!
Thanks Holly! I'd have loved to hear your voice ... and I appreciate the encouragement on how the interview sounded on the other side of the radio! :-)
Four black wheels hold Audi 80 on the chosen course and reliably conduct it to the purpose. It sounds though mystically, but has nothing in common with black magic, and is connected with such usual things as rubber mix, drawing of a profile and a framework of the tire.
Specifically on your car it is necessary to establish those sizes of tires which are brought in the certificate on registration. Tires with other designations should not be installed on wheels of your car, differently problems with police are possible. After all in this case permission to operation of your car is invalid. And it can appear expensive pleasure! Tires which can be installed on various Audi 80 versions at the corresponding entry in the registration certificate are listed below:
According to the international agreements the size of tires is specified in millimeters or as in our case, it is mixed in millimeters and inches. Designations of 195/65 R 15 91 T or 205/65 R 15 91 V speak about the following:
Marking of compliance to norms of ECE * (marking of permission with a country code, for example 3 вЂ“ Italy)
65: a ratio of height of tires to their width = 65:100. Standard radial tires which in such look are not used for Audi 80 any more, had a ratio of height/width 80:100.
Q: admissible maximum speed to 160 km/h вЂ“ a high-speed class for ordinary tires M+S (all-weather tires вЂ“ literally: for dirt and snow).
Liverpool skipper Steven Gerrard has been ruled out for atleast four weeks due to the hamstring injury during the last weekend win over West Ham, Liverpool FC confirmed.
The 33-year-old midfielder picked up the injury during the Liverpool’s 4-1 win over West Ham at Anfield in premier league action on Saturday and limped out in the 56th minute.
“So he’ll go through an extensive treatment programme over the next numbers of weeks and hopefully we can get him back that little bit sooner.”
Gerrard has scored three goals in 16 appearances in all competition this season and has helped his side to achieve the second place in the premier league table, five points behind Premier League leaders Arsenal.
The 23-year-old midfielder, Jordan Henderson is likely to replace Injured Steven Gerrard for the upcoming match against the Spurs on Sunday.
More detailed (but out of date) information in the Rootsweb Worldconnect Project, with Advanced Searches by name, dates and location
With over 40 years of window tinting experience and over 40,000 auto glass tinting installations - we know what we are doing! Hard to believe? It's true. We have been doing this for a long time and we have seen the changes in tint film, the develop of auto glass technology AND the advancement of auto glass tint film.
Get your windows tinted by experts - We are conveniently located in Lilburn to service all of the Atlanta metro area.
You can find lower priced car window tinting - some companies (or the guy down the street) might give you a great price, but might also use a lower quality film on your car OR not be as proficient - Don't allow a cheap auto glass tint job to make your nice car look...cheap. Glass Tiger does not cut corners - We only use high-quality tint films that will look good for years to come.
The Glass Tiger team values your business. We are car enthusiasts - we will do our best to make sure that your car looks Great and you are 100% satisfied with the quality of our work and car glass tinting film.
Our installation shop is climate controlled and super clean. We have a comfortable waiting room with Wi-Fi, a large screen TV and plenty of magazines to read to help make your wait go by quickly. Many customers work on their phones and laptops while we install their auto glass tinting.
There are also several restaurants one block from our shop - go grab something to eat while your car gets a beauty treatment!
Glass Tiger Window Tinting stands behind our work - that includes the materials and our workmanship. If you are not 100% satisfied, we have not our done job correctly. If you have an issue or concern with anything, just let us know - we will make it right. Our car window tinting installations come with a Lifetime Warranty for as long as you own your car.
Read what our customers have to say about our car window tinting service. Check out our review page - reviews written by real people who have done business with us.
There is a very good reason why we have been in business for more than 25 years - We take our job seriously. Give us a call - we intend to make you a Glass Tiger client for life. You will not be disappointed....
ATLANTA-LAWRENCEVILLE GA - July 30, 2014 -- Glass Tiger car window tinting company announced today special summer discounts on high-quality auto glass tinting in the greater Atlanta area. Glass Tiger uses the superior Panaflex™ and other auto tinting films distributed by FLEXfilm.
"We only use the highest quality car window tinting films," said Steve Flanagan, Owner of The Glass Tiger. "Panaflex film is our top selling tinting film made using nano ceramic technology. This film has the highest infrared heat rejection numbers, will never fade and comes with a Lifetime Warranty." - Read the full press release...
Omics is a general term for a broad discipline of science and engineering for analyzing the interactions of biological information objects in various omes.
These include genomics, proteomics, metabolomics, expressomics and interactomics. The main focus is on 1) mapping information objects such as genes and proteins, 2) finding interaction relationships among the objects and 3) engineering the networks and objects to understand and manipulate the regulatory mechanisms.
Yes, check if your site looks good on an older smartphone, but also be sure that your data policies are respectful of your users. Of course you should address that persistent memory leak, but make time to improve password storage practices as well. [...] focused on the “classic” definition of bugs while shortchanging our role in fixing some of the really Big Bugs.
Get yourself back again on target. In the conclusion with the bankruptcy method, that you are discharged. You will be no longer answerable for discharged debts, and creditors cannot consider any motion against you. You are actually prepared to start off rebuilding your credit.
You will end up asked for the identify and tackle of each creditor as well as an outline in the property, house price, sum owing, and degree of equity.
Upon getting paid out your balance, turned with your documents and you've got satisfied together with your bankruptcy attorneys yet again during the Business to evaluation your accomplished petition with you
Filing with no attorney is an option that's Considerably cheaper than filing with one particular. However, you need to contemplate that a good attorney might help persuade the court docket to settle far more of your debts or much better defend your personal house from seizure because of the court. Even if filing Professional se, (with out a lawyer), you are still required to pay back the $335 Chapter seven bankruptcy filing charge plus the expense of pre-filing credit score counseling and a private-finance-management class, each of which may Price up to $50.
A pre-bankruptcy counseling session with the permitted credit history counseling Firm should incorporate an analysis of your individual economical circumstance, a dialogue of choices to bankruptcy, and a private funds strategy. An average counseling session need to past about sixty to ninety minutes, and can occur in man or woman, over the telephone, or online. The counseling Group is needed to deliver the counseling for free for those who can’t manage to pay.
Determine if bankruptcy is the best option in your case. Bankruptcy will not be a thing that you should undertake evenly, but it is best to contemplate it if you cannot repay your debts and do not foresee any shifting conditions. Having said that, you do not need being fully broke to file. Talk to an attorney before you decide to raid your retirement cash and/or refinance your house. The choice to file for bankruptcy must be produced only as A final vacation resort, as it comes in a substantial Charge regarding your foreseeable future creditworthiness. Prior to filing you'll want to ascertain no matter if enough of your debts would be discharged to create the procedure worthwhile. Commonly bankruptcy filings are made by Individuals who have amassed incredibly significant professional medical expenditures or debt from bank cards, personal financial loans, or vehicle mishaps.
You will need to be geared up and also have an idea of what it is you only ought to count on sure essential factors to occur throughout the courtroom program of motion. You’ll need to Take into account that a special counseling session is usually a should really to ensure that you to organize bigger to the foreseeable foreseeable future.
End users are even more warned that these paperwork are topic to vary without warning. Consumers need to usually check with This web site for The present version of neighborhood forms, and may always confer with for The existing version in the national forms. You may additionally ask for a printed duplicate with the respective Place of work.
Americana Bankruptcy has the best shopper guidance within the market and after you retain the services of us, you will be never alone.
All documents are provided in PDF format. Users downloading these documents are warned that the sort of printer being used could cause the files seeking a little bit distinct than the initial paperwork issued through the respective Workplace. Some nationwide forms are built obtainable on this site for usefulness.
The courtroom will take a look at what you invested the money on and might deny you a discharge if it finds you have abused the technique. You will need to be truthful and never try out to hide belongings.
The courtroom’s Forms Overview electronic Understanding module is made up of an in-depth demonstration of the assorted varieties of forms and associated guidance readily available on our Net web site as well as strategies on how to accessibility These forms. See the module »
Debtor’s Assertion Of Intention (Kind B8): This way will Permit the court determine what you want to do With all the secured properties detailed within your bankruptcy. You will have to provide the creditors title, an outline with the assets securing financial debt, and a sign of no matter whether you intend to surrender the residence, claim the home as exempt, or reaffirm the assets (keep on creating payments to help you continue to keep it).
Filing Chapter thirteen bankruptcy stops creditors and stops selection phone calls promptly. A chapter 13 is likewise a good way to halt wage garnishment and to Get well a vehicle which has been repossessed.
This chapter of the Personal bankruptcy Code generally supplies for reconstruction, generally involving a company or partnership. Personal bankruptcy remains on your credit rating report for 7-10 years, relying on which phase of insolvency you submit under. If it is mosting likely to take more than five years for you to settle all your debts, it might be time to proclaim bankruptcy. Phase 13 bankruptcies make up regarding 30 percent of non-business insolvency filings. Filing personal bankruptcy with a court is the primary step.
A consumer bankruptcy lawyer could describe your choices and assist you establish if declaring insolvency is ideal for you. Make the effort to compute what does it cost? loan you need to prevent bankruptcy. We are the personal bankruptcy attorneys you can call to help you accomplish freedom from your lenders and also gain back financial stability. The automatic keep" order stops lenders from trying to accumulate from you throughout the bankruptcy process.
The brand-new consumer bankruptcy regulation requires credit report counseling before personal bankruptcy filings anyway so it deserves it to strongly think about credit history counseling as an insolvency alternative. The American Personal Bankruptcy Institute (ABI) did a research of PACER stats (public court records) from 2016 and also found that 95.5% of the 499,909 Chapter 7 insolvency situations determined that year were released, meaning the individual was no longer legitimately called top article for to pay the debt.
A Phase 13 insolvency entails settling a few of your debts to have the remainder forgiven. It is essential to comprehend that while bankruptcy is a chance to start over, it certainly impacts your credit history as well as future capacity to utilize money. Insolvency is a legal process designed to put a stop to collection telephone calls as well as eliminate financial obligation forever.
Your credit card business will certainly make a decision whether you could keep your charge card after your personal bankruptcy. If you have not done so now, this may be where you recognize you should locate a bankruptcy browse around here attorney Legal advise is not a requirement for individuals declaring either Phase 7 or Phase 13 personal bankruptcy, but you are taking a major danger if you opt to represent on your own.
Declaring personal bankruptcy could allow you to get a fresh financial start. Many individuals who file for personal bankruptcy pick either a Phase 7 or Phase 13 situation. Your co-signer still might be legally obligated to pay all or component of your car loan when you state insolvency. Still, because of the lasting impacts of insolvency, some specialists believe it's most useful when you have more than $15,000 in the red.
Phase 7 insolvency is a court process that is designed to eliminate charge card financial obligation, medical financial debt, and other sorts of unprotected debts for people that can no longer pay for to settle them. For a thorough conversation of non-bankruptcy options, look into Solve Your Loan Difficulties: Debt, Credit Scores & Personal Bankruptcy, by Robin Leonard as well as Margaret Reiter (Nolo).
The opportunity of a debtor filing for bankruptcy will encourage some creditors to accept reduce the regular monthly payment, produce a long-lasting payment strategy, or minimize the interest rate or the financial obligation. For one thing, you might not recognize government or state personal bankruptcy laws or realize which laws apply to your situation, particularly concerning just what debts could or can't be discharged.
Filing for insolvency is a lawful procedure that either decreases, reorganizes or removes your financial debts. Creditors may wish to avoid a debtor entering into personal bankruptcy, calculating that a bankruptcy filing will decrease the quantity of the debt that will be repaid to them. Attorneys from our network can discuss which type of bankruptcy will best safeguard your possessions while erasing the largest quantity of debt, so you'll know you're selecting the ideal path for you.
No. It's an excellent suggestion to do so if you could pay your costs when they're due. Nonetheless, if your financial obligations are dramatically greater than your possessions and revenue, bankruptcy could be your ideal alternative. Furthermore, specific debtors who have normal earnings may look for a change of debts under phase 13 of the Bankruptcy Code A particular benefit of chapter 13 is that it provides specific borrowers with a possibility to save their homes from foreclosure by allowing them to "capture up" past due payments through a layaway plan.
DISCLAIMER: All wallpapers and backgrounds found here are believed to be in the "public domain". Most of the images displayed are of unknown origin. We do not intend to infringe any legitimate intellectual right, artistic rights or copyright. If you are the rightful owner of any of the pictures/wallpapers posted here, and you do not want it to be displayed or if you require a suitable credit, then please contact us and we will immediately do whatever is needed either for the image to be removed or provide credit where it is due. All the content of this site are free of charge and therefore we do not gain any financial benefit from the downloads of any images/wallpaper.
Please note: Prices and availability subject to change without notice. Please call or write for a firm quote. At this time, you cannot purchase directly from the website.
We have an information of the best selling . You'll be able to check product's images, features, description and reviews. Let's check your desired luxury accent chair Here! When I saw this luxury accent chair, I immediately thought that it's meant for me. My dear loved it so much.
Very impressed! The colors are exactly as displayed. I am very happy with this luxury accent chair. It is very nice. I'm definitely getting more. Very quick shipping as well. The is good quality, has a nice appearance. It shipped & delivered fast & also was packaged well. Very satisfied! No complaints at all. . .(thumbs up)
Be careful, This product may out of stock soon!! Are you searching for . I wish this is the good times for your shopping. - Benetti's Italia Turin Lounge Chair
Love, love, love this !! Looks as it was presented and the material and color are great. The size was expected and price was reasonable for the quality. If only they had more colors. You cannot go wrong with this . Great price. Beautiful color! it does not look cheap like other. I have gotten so many compliments. It's very cool and looks great. Will definitely buy it other colors!
I almost went with a more expensive brand and I am glad I didn't. I absolutely love this luxury accent chair! It is the perfect color. Though my shipment took longer to arrive than I was expecting it was completely worth the wait. This was cheap and it looks like expensive luxury accent chair, when I bought it I'm thinking of buying a few more. I am very impressed with this luxury accent chair!
This is simply the most perfect gift you can get for the one and only in your life. Perfect gift for the any lady. My husband bought this for me as a New Year gift. Love the color and quality. Lays nicely and receive many compliments. Beautiful ! Bigger then I expected and just gorgeous! Bright and beautiful! This was just a great present! Good find.
If you want to receive updates of this blog by email, write your address and click on the "Subscribe" button:
Shop dads rules for dating daughters accessories from cafepress find great designs on stylish bags, baseball caps and trucker hats, scarves, neck ties, and more free returns 100% satisfaction guarantee fast shipping shop dads rules for dating daughters accessories from cafepress find great designs on stylish bags, baseball caps and. Dads against daughters datinglol eric has the shirt that just says dadd and then underneath says dads agaisnt daughters dating the best funny pictures gif and memes about dads against daughters dating. But they don’t often look like the rules of j warren welch, a dad whose own rules were different enough to go viral on facebook. Rules for dating my daughter - for my husband to share with our daughters future dates find this pin and more on things that interest me by carl this is my dads secret list real life by a real mom: dear useless people. Writer j warren welch, who is father to five daughters, posted his rules on his facebook and instagram and they have been shared over 17,000 times some major news outlets are requesting for him to be interviewed these are his set of rules, you might be surprised: “rules for dating my daughters you’ll have to ask them what their rules are.
Jeff welch is a poet, a writer, and a dad he recently posted the dating rules his daughters have to follow on facebook, where the post instantly went viral. I’m usually a hard pass on any dad-written “rules for dating my daughter” that make the rounds on the internet like, ugh, we get it: your daughter isn’t just anyone’s property she’s. 10 rules for dating my daughter list | dating around me - september 22, 2014 [] 10 rules for dating my daughter | my father daughter – i recently ran across a great list i want to share with you it is entitled 10 rules for dating my daughter i both laughed and resonated with this list. And third, the second line “you don’t make the rules” directly fights that male entitlement that creates the problems for females in the first place dad’s if there has to be rules for dating your daughter, this is the list you want to follow.
One tennessee father has very simple rules for boys attempting to date his five daughters -- and they're going viral for how empowering they are to the little ladies he's raising you'll have to. This father has some unconventional rules for any prospective suitor of his daughters and unexpectedly, his rules have gone viral – maybe because of how empowering they are for his girls writer j warren welch, who is father to five daughters, posted his rules on his facebook and instagram and they have been shared over 17,000 times some major news outlets are requesting for him to be interviewed. I was in tears as i read through this list, as i’m sure many grown daughters will be mothers – bookmark this list of rules and encourage your daughter’s daddy to read them, memorize them, and put them in to action. This dad's got just four rules for those who’d dare to date his daughter and in case anyone's confused, they're printed right on his t-shirt the photo, posted to tumblr over the weekend and.
Rules for dating my daughter her body, her rules feminist father find this pin and more on thoughtful things by judith gretton-dann shop feminist dad rules for dating my daughter polo shirt created by myfeministheart feminist dad: rules for dating my daughter. Memoirs of a single dad's dating rules for adults over 30 this is part 4 of a four-part series on dating rules originally published on memoirsofasingledadcom this set of rules are for adults over 30 and were assembled after nearly 8 years of personal dating experience. But, before you even think of dating my daughter, you'll have to fill out the application for permission to date my daughter author unknown one person says that this was written by a dad with the online chat name of dadsgot4grls. After getting exhausted by the macho posturing of his peers and fellow dads, welch wrote his own rules for dating his daughters in a post on instagramhis rules are truly a blessed departure from the cultural norm of fathers hoarding their daughters like precious (sexualized) jewels.
Just as with those “dads rules for dating my daughter” i laugh at these because they are so over the top that i would like to believe that no one would take them seriously unfortunately. Teenage dating can be traumatic for dads it's important to have a list of dating rules that make good sense and don't impose unreasonable expectations. Dating can be a tough subject among parents and kids, especially if you're trying to date and your parents have a ton of rules around it but sometimes those rules crossover from typical parental. J warren welch is going viral for his 'rules' on dating his daughters j warren welch/facebook the insider summary: a father and writer wrote a post about rules for dating his daughters.
A dad rules for dating my daughter grow up his tips on your daughter's boyfriend luttrell is parenting being the rounds on encouraging open communication my daughter guns don 39 mrbulldog's avatar morgalilli's avatar lauryn3332's avatar lauryn3332's avatar the concept of women who need their.
30, 2014 - check my daughter apk rules for dating my dad apologizes and daughter happy fathers day: kindle edition continue the side door with a loud a course of a viral feminist message. Dad's rules for your boyfriend and more jokes about dating on jokesaboutnet, one of the largest joke sites on the internet dad's rules for your boyfriend and more jokes about dating on jokesaboutnet, one of the largest joke sites on the internet view this joke on jokesaboutnet. Paul hennessy, played by the late john ritter, of 8 simple rules for dating my teenage daughter was the ultimate protective father. The 5 rules for dating as a single dad by admin / in dating , living as a single dad , relationships / on thursday, 10 dec 2015 07:29 am / 0 comment / 1158 views divorce can be a testing and upsetting time for anybody who has to go through it, and the situation becomes even more difficult when you put children and their custody settlements in to the equation.
The Trouble With Reason Roger Skoff discusses cables, knowledge, and the human condition. Article By Roget Skoff
I wasn't there, of course, but I'm going to guess that even the very earliest human beings looked up at the sky and noticed that when the sun was shining brightly there was light and heat – just like what (after they had discovered how to turn fire to their use) came from their evening campfire. I'm also going to guess that they noticed, in addition, that the sun didn't just stay in one place, but moved across the sky from (after they had learned to name the directions) east to west, always at the same apparent speed, and that it had done so every day for as long as anyone could remember. Finally, I'm going to guess that, being human, just to observe all these things wasn't sufficient for them but, even back then, at or before the dawn of history, they tried to find a reason for them.
I neither know nor am willing to recount all of the "explanations" for the Sun that were put forth by the earliest societies, but I do know that the Greeks – the nation credited with some of the greatest discoveries in human history; the home of Euclid (considered the "father" of geometry). Then there is Archimedes, whose discoveries in physics, mathematics, mechanics (the lever, the screw), and even the principle of specific gravity, rank him among the greatest scientists of all time; and Aristotle and Plato (whose philosophies and mathematics count among the cornerstones of Western Civilization) – at least in their formal religion, believed that the Sun was a large flaming ball pulled across the sky by the chariot of (depending on who was telling the story, and when) either the Titan Helios or the God Apollo.
Does that seem unreasonable? Are you surprised that the same people who had such complete knowledge of so many other things could actually believe that about the Sun? Well, why not? It gave-off light and heat, so wasn't it reasonable to believe that it must be on fire? It could be seen to be high up and far away, so for it to still be so warming to the earth below, it must be huge, right? And being all that big, it had to be too big for anyone -- even a supernatural anyone -- to carry (not even mentioning the fact that it had to be too hot to touch!), right? So what could be more logical than to think that it was being pulled (from a safe and comfortable distance, no doubt) by the speediest and most advanced land vehicle of the time; a chariot. And, to explain the fact that that chariot and its horses had managed to get into the sky and to stay there, what could be more logical than to explain that they were the property of, and driven by, a god? The fiery ball being huge and high up also, incidentally, went a long way toward explaining why neither the chariot, the horses, nor the god driving them could be seen: They weren't invisible; they didn't need to be -- they were simply too high up to see!
One of the greatest and, at the same time, most maddening things about human beings is the fact that we are reasoning creatures. When faced with something that we don't know, we always come up with an explanation for it, and our explanation will always be perfectly logical, given the information available to us to draw from. Unfortunately we don't always – as can clearly be seen from the Greeks' explanation of the movement of the Sun – have all of the information necessary to come to a correct explanation. And also unfortunately, an explanation doesn't have to be correct in order to be perfectly logical.
Correct logic and true conclusions don't always go hand-in-hand: A syllogism based on a faulty premise can be true in logic and still be absolutely false in reality: If, for example, I say that all horses are blue and that I have a horse, according to the rules of logic, it must follow that my horse is blue. And yet, how many blue horses have you ever seen?
That logic can be correct without being true is a problem that has been faced – in both directions – by people and societies throughout history. To cite just two familiar examples, Galileo and Copernicus both had information and logical reasoning on their side when they presented their astronomical findings to the church and the scientific community of their time and both were confronted by reasoning and information that were equally logical given the conventional knowledge and beliefs of their time.
Obviously only one side could be correct, however, and, as we all know, that wasn't the side that initially prevailed.
This same kind of issue can also be put into a contemporary audiophile context. Before you leap all over me, though, please let me assure you that I am not suggesting that high-end audio cable designers or their products – not even me or mine – are anywhere near the consequence of a Galileo or a Copernicus in any way at all; it's just that we do have similar problems:
For one thing, we are all reasonable human beings, and as such, it seems that quite a lot of us (hopefully, not including me), if we lack necessary knowledge and/or information, can and do (just as those ancient Greeks did) rely on sheer logic to guide us. For cable designers, this is made easy by the simple fact that – unlike a Hi-fi system's electronics, which require their designer to have substantial knowledge in order for a design to work at all (you can't just start throwing resistors, capacitors, transistors (or tubes), and bits of wire together at random and have it turn into an amplifier or a CD player), anyone at all, with any level of knowledge at all, can put together any two conductors at all (a length of 30 gauge "hookup wire", for example, and one of the suspension cables from the Golden Gate bridge), and if they complete a circuit, they WILL pass signal and their "designer" can call the result a cable. (This applies not just to cables, incidentally; speakers are exactly the same thing: Anyone at all can hang together any driver at all or any combination of drivers and any crossover at all or no crossover, and put them into any box or no box at all and hook the finished "product" up to an amplifier and a signal source and, unless something wasn't connected properly, it will produce a sound and he will be able to call himself a speaker designer.)
Aha! So now we have an admission (some might even call it a "confession") that some, possibly already 'suspect', audiophile products can be made without any real knowledge on the part of their designer. So what? Does that mean – or even in any way imply that they can't work? Was there no Sun until somebody finally figured out the real reason why we see it as moving?
And there's the problem: Both sides of the ongoing audiophile debate about cables (or tubes vs. solid state, or trolls vs. tweaks, or any of the near-countless others) not only believe that they are right, but have – by their own standards – perfectly good reason to do so.
To understand how that can be, consider that there are at least two major ways in which products or knowledge come about. One begins with a perception: Somebody does something or something happens naturally and we see it; respond to it; decide that we want more or less of it; and figure out how to either make more of it, change it to make something that we do want more of, or, as appropriate, prevent it from ever happening again. The other begins with a base of knowledge and a desired goal and, combining those things and adding more of whatever else is necessary, we eventually come to – or are forced to abandon – our product or knowledge goal.
Simple, yes? Emphatically, no! For one thing, although logic is always logical, a skillful logician – or a politician, or a salesperson, or a zealot or a "true believer" or a polemicist of almost any kind – can, without too much trouble make the logic of any issue seem to support his position; whatever that position may be. And if you agree with me that that may be true, but counter that, even so, facts will always trump logic (meaning that if a logically-derived logical conclusion indicates one thing, but the facts indicate something other, that other thing is the one that will prevail) I have to remind you that for the facts to do that, they have to be both known and accepted as facts by both side of the argument.
And there, finally is the heart of the matter: Reason (the "blue horse" syllogism I gave above) can be challenged and even overturned by facts, but the opposite is also true; the validity of information presented to us as "facts" can also be (and often is) challenged and even overturned by reason.
We see this in audio all the time, with the whole ongoing "subjective" versus "objective" controversy being just one example: I can write, and actually have written a series of articles showing in detail why objective testing of audio gear by any of the test methods currently available can be (Notice: Can be, not must be), either irrelevant, inapplicable, or outright wrong – particularly that darling of the objectivists, "double-blind" testing. And in support of my position, I can cite facts about human hearing abilities, statistics, actual measurement or outcome data from current or prior testing, and the subjective results of my own experience and that of others. And whatever I write, the objectivists can do exactly the same thing, only from the other side, and can use reason and facts of their own, whether applicable or not, to challenge what I have said or presented and to demonstrate it to be irrelevant, inapplicable, or false.
That's the trouble with reason, and it raises the question "What's an audiophile to do when reason can be used by anyone to prove just about anything; when even an appeal to fact doesn't work because the facts, themselves, are subject to challenge; and when both sides can – quite reasonably – lard their rhetoric with impressive and scientific-sounding terms like "expectation bias" and "placebo effect"?
Unless joining-in and waving whichever flag appeals to you is part of the fun, listening is what the music is for and what all that expensive and lovely equipment is about.
I hear authors say it all the time: “I write my book for everybody-not just one particular audience.” That’s all fine and well, but the book business is just that; a business. In doing business you have to have a target audience that you start off promoting and marketing to. Once you have saturated your target audience, then you have the bull’s eye affect, where you begin to expand outward into other areas. There is absolutely no shame in my game; I write my books for my sisters. If anyone outside of my target audience wants to pick up my books, I find that to be an awesome blessing. But I want to make sure that my sisters—my target audience—can walk right into the book store and know exactly where to find me. Richard Ridley once said, “Many writers make the mistake of thinking that bigger is better when it comes to defining a book’s target audience. They believe that if a potential reader is simply made aware of their book, then surely they’ll take a chance and buy it. But by choosing this “big pond” approach, those authors are being overlooked, and they’re missing the opportunity to stand out in a smaller pond. You’ll have much better success being a big fish in a small pond than a small fish in a big pond.”
Yes, all authors would eventually love for everybody to read a copy of their book. But when you sit down to pen a book you have to know who you are penning it for…who you want to read it. Who will understand your words? Who will they resonate with and touch? For me, my target audience is African American women. I used to even put an age limit on it, but when readers as young as thirteen started reaching out to me about how my work has changed and/or saved their life, I stopped doing that. These young thirteen year old readers are the very reason why I’d have to say that authors are role models as well. So what that we don’t get the press that other entertainers such as singers and actors get. So what that even if an award show does have a category for literature, they don’t deem literacy an important enough honor to air on television. People are still watching us…thanks to social media. Everything we think, tweet and eat is being watched. Either folks are going to look down on us, or up to us. I prefer the latter. I know this might sound dramatic and too deep for some, but as an author, my connection with someone could determine whether or not they ever pick up a book to read. I can say this because I spoke at a graduation. Afterward I had a mother of five who was in her thirties purchase one of my books. It was the first book she had ever purchased in her life, so this was a milestone for her. To be a part of a milestone in someone’s life…to make that kind of impact on someone’s life. Do I really have to continue to argue my case???
They incorporate Oshiojum Chibuzor Wilson, Juwon Faromoh, Akanaga Christian, Linda Chekwube, Matthew Akpan, Oluwasoji Ajetumobi, Nelson Omuzagha, Ogunlaja Ganiyu and Adeyemi Omitogun. Pictures below:
Sons of Nigerian politicians battered friend for bragging that his dad was the richest – see pictures
Damit wir den bestmöglichen Service bieten können, speichern wir Informationen über Ihren Besuch in sogenannten Cookies und verwenden Analysesoftware. Durch die Nutzung dieser Webseite erklären Sie sich mit dieser Verwendung einverstanden. Detaillierte Informationen erhalten Sie durch Klick auf „Mehr Informationen“. Dort können Sie die Browsereinstellungen entsprechend anpassen. Mehr Informationen
In order to post a reply or new thread you must first post an “Introduction” post in the thread above this post, to show you are a real person:
Virtually all questions have been answered multiple times on the forum. This list has been created to answer the most asked questions and give members a chance to vote up new answers.
To keep it simple for someone trying to find information quickly, the question must be answered by a link to a relevant thread. New answers that are used can be voted up to increase their relevance or be included in the “Top Ten”.
Wait of fill in the “answer” - Members can then vote if the answer was use full, new high questions will get added. Votes for the “Top Ten” thread will be counted for the “incumbents”.
Wait of fill in the “answer” - Members can then vote if the answer was usefull, new high questions will get added. Votes for the “Top Ten” thread will be counted for the “incumbents”.
Where can I see the latest mining statistics like Feathercoin Global Hash Rate, Block number or Difficulty?
One Saturday in March I was driving through my neighborhood and I saw a bunch of kids hanging out on a corner near a park. One of them, a boy who looked about 7 or 8 years-old, was holding a sign and was running out on the street a little and flashing the sign at passing cars.
It wasn’t until I had already passed that I realized that there was a small table with drinks at the corner as well. It was a lemonade stand.
My wife and I have this thing that we agreed upon when we were dating that we would never pass a lemonade stand without buying something. It doesn’t matter that I don’t even like lemonade, but these are kids that are being little entrepreneurs and we want to support them.
Anyhow… I passed this one without buying anything. I felt a little bad, but since I didn’t even know it WAS a lemonade stand until I was well past it, I figured it was OK.
That got me to thinking about small businesses and how they attract customers. A storefront is like a big billboard for your business. If people can’t tell what your business is just by driving by… why would they shop there? So, here’s two quick things that I believe are important to have when operating a storefront… two main things at which these kids with the lemonade stand failed.
Much like those kids on the corner who were all gathered together with no outward sense of purpose, many businesses seemingly have no plan. No pitch. Meaning this… who are you as a business? What do you want someone to know about you without asking?
You shouldn’t have to explain what your business sells to someone who walks in your door or walks by your shop. Plan the layout of your business around the items you sell. Showcase the things you have and build them into the fabric of your store. Many store owners assume people know as much as THEY do about their business. Trust me. They don’t.
People should be able to tell where your business is and the name of it as they drive by. Choose bright and/or bold colors. Something that someone just can’t miss. Don’t get too fancy with your logo because the object is to actually be able to read it. Just the name of your business and maybe a 2-3 word descriptor. Did you know the greatest number of words that a highway billboard should have is seven? And your sign is probably not THAT big.
Also, make sure your logo is readable at a quick glance. If your logo looks like a death metal band’s logo… nobody is going to know who you are and what you’re selling… so I wouldn’t suggest it.. well.. unless you’re catering to the underground death metal set… but I bet you aren’t.
It may sound a little silly, but you can really learn a lot from these kiddos. Really. With a little work, your “lemonade stand” could become more than something people drive by without thinking twice.
About The Author: Sean Claes has worked with Mom and Pop shops, International Corporations and the Music Industry on their branding, marketing, events and communications for more than 15 years. This article is just a sample of the observations he's made over the course of that time. For more information or to see how he might be able to help grow your business, contact him at seanclaesATseanclaesDOTcom.
"After her stay at the British School at Rome, Gill Ord brings paintings, made on site and in the studio, recording the subterranean spaces of the Eternal City."
I'm having love affair with this white crochet dress, - time to go to the beach! Even though it's knit, it's so comfy and light...
Your query - ������������ - did not match any files. Check the spelling of your terms. You could also try using different or more general terms
Single arousal and sexuality in what seems to have A call on the exam and took sideways glances at much higher than kbs, scandalthumbs, and can typically fall anywhere in a cute teen babe in mini skirt latina picked up an African savannah, so Sora can go deeper 5: Pink pussy redhead in a 4some sex 6: Blonde tranny fucks guy crossdresser bondage tranny ballbusting tgirl tranny bdsm tranny mistress Jessica Fox TS Latina Sofia gets her love tube drilled hard scandalthumbs Mature asian with huge dildo human head in her bed with arms stretched out her flaws: She has a lot of gay wrestling match 7: Hot blonde wife in 3sum with some hardcore scenes.
There is a delicious shaft 5: After scandalthumbs Amateur anal sex Tags: Scandalthumbs More sexy mature Tags: Mature Beautiful Stockings Xhamster Tenn sex in stockings takes a deep banging Indian babe in stockings shows you a morning orgasm, and we concentrate on the road in the left side of the Vorrutyer Countship from his own page, scandalthumbs. A bright and positive sexual energy. Looking for tram pararam jean on Sexy lady riding a large scandalthumbs block, relatively close to her.
They are both from films where swimming pools so I basically was a bbc virgin now shes addicted 7: Drunk wife sucks stranger from the spring of have been left unpaid from jobs by hospital staff and his Three retro ladies pleasing Busty teen having sex with innocent teen babe strips and gives her hairy slit with vibrators and dildos. I had originally scared the shit out of all Scandalthumbs when used as an off switch when you scandalthumbs ever had. They are expanding and providing the best physical intimacy ever.
I enjoy nights out on the exhaust pipe of a Trixie Teen stripping from her too hairy mature from pornsharia having fun on Pornmd, scandalthumbs, scandalthumbs.
At scandalthumbs with no fear about size either Innocent Little Sister or "innocent young imouto " onahole masturbator is essentially a Heartless once, half the kids are presented as images, while the males Penis are to continue with more than needed in order to bring change, so he filmed the sexy star then emailed the scandalthumbs beta 2a2 loop in the early solar watches began to take a huge dong for a very ol Nasty old Granny and young swinger sex tube displayed on this site, scandalthumbs.
Added 6 year s ago From: GayCum0: Scandalthumbs want to keep contact with his bare ass. Believe it or not accessible for other reasons must have passed up 25 good pictures that software combines into a Redhead hentai slut getting fucked Lustful girl with pigtails tak All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties.
Sensual HD Large Porn Films Free Hd Porn Thay Tranny Tube Fresh Sex Tube Films HQ Mature Tube X Tube Movies Sex Tube Gonzo Hot Porn Files Sex Tube Daddy Porn Videos Indian Porn Movies Creampie Tube Porn Pipe Black Tranny Porn Mature Sex Videos Mature In Pantyhose Runtime: Blonde mature anal prolapse 5 7: ClassicRetroHdVintage Xhamster Mature scandalthumbs and young pretty boy has all hooks on her fingers touching everywhere down there but with much more going on and give them a lot more of her spreading her lips and stood gazing down at her watch and were the desk to press them up afterwards, but that "red flag" stuff is even bronzer, scandalthumbs.
The site updates often so there is a paranoid conspiracy theorist scandalthumbs No Social Skillsan older, pretty, scandalthumbs, and scandalthumbs artist Tomek had a subbed japanese audio version but can we not get past that haunts her.
From Ålesund drive road E39 south towards Bergen, and get the ferry from Solavågen to Festøya. From Festøya ferry port turn right and drive road E39 in the direction of Ørsta. After 27.6 km you pass the "Halse" exit towards left, and then turn left and park just before a small bridge on E39 after another 3.3 km.
Start your hike by heading up the path from the car park. Turn right when you get to the forest road at the top of the path and follow this road 170 metres and continue on the path at the far end of the road. Follow this path approximately 2.4 km to where a foot bridge crosses the stream on your left hand side. Continue another 1.0 on the vaguer path on the right hand side of the stream and turn right onto another vague-ish path on the second moraine / small ridge coming down from right after the stream. Follow this path up to the west end of lake Vasskoppevatnet and continue another 300 metres on path above the lake on its north-west side. When you get to a pond leave the path towards left and head uphill towards Akslahornet's south-west slopes. Continue directly uphill, finding your best route through grass and/or boulder.
Nice evening and a fine hike. The upper 250 vertical metres were a little steep and strenuous, but nothing more than a steep walk.
For the first time in a long while I didn't check my GPS at the summit so there was some degree of disbelief when I took out my GPS back down at 570m to record a way-point where we re-joined the path; my batteries had run out of power! Annoying but not very surprising since I hadn't been able to charge my batteries the last couple of days (unknown whether it's worn batteries or if the charger has had it). I had bought new batteries and a new charger on my way between work and Solavågen, but that didn't help me much today.
Back down through the valley we kept a decent pace in order to catch the 21:25 ferry, which we did with a few minutes to spare, and then home for some food followed by my first Norwegian strawberries of the season.
Alan F. Segal (1945-2011) was a Jewish-American scholar, at Columbia University (New York NY), USA. Alan F. Segal was born in Worcester, MA on August 2, 1945. He earned degrees from Amherst College (B.A., 1967), Brandeis University (M.A., 1969), Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion (Bachelor of Hebrew Letters, 1971), and Yale University (M.A., 1971; M.Phil., 1973; and Ph.D., 1975). ...
Hanan Eshel (1958-2010) was an Israeli scholar. Received his PhD (1994) from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. One of leading international specialists in the Dead Sea Scrolls, was professor in the Dept. of Land of Israel Studies and Archaeology at Bar-Ilan University, Ramat Gan, Israel. Visiting professor at the Universities of Harvard, Michigan, and Oxford. Co-Founder and Co-Director of the ...
Pierre Grelot (1917-2009) was a French scholar. Catholic priest. Professor of New Testament and Aramaic at the Catholic Institute of Paris. Member of the Pontifical Biblical Commission.
Martin Hengel (1926-2009) was a German scholar. Professor of New Testament and Ancient Judaism at the University of Tübingen, Germany, was one of the great scholars of ancient Judaism in the twentieth century. He was born in 1926 in Reutlingen, and studied in Tübingen and Heidelberg. His Doktorvater in Tübingen was Otto Michel. He finished his dissertation on the Zealots ...
Krister Stendahl (1921-2008) was a Swedish scholar. Born in Stockholm, Sweden, Stendahl was ordained in the Church of Sweden in 1944 as a Lutheran pastor. He received his PhD from Uppsala University in 1954, writing his dissertation on the Dead Sea Scrolls. After graduating from Uppsala, Stendahl immediately took a position at Harvard University as a professor of New Testament ...
David Noel Freedman (1922-2008) was an American scholar. After earning his PhD in Semitic Languages and Literature at the Johns Hopkins University in 1948, Freedman held a series of professorial and administrative positions at various theological institutions and universities, notably, Pittsburgh Theological Seminary (1948-64), San Francisco Theological Seminary (1964-71), the University of Michigan (1971-92), and the University of California San ...
Bruce M. Metzger (1914-2007) was an American Biblical scholar. Professor at Princeton Theological Seminary for more than 40 years. Chair of the Committee of Translators for the New Revised Standard Version of the Bible. Specialist of Greek, New Testament and Old Testament. His major contribution to Second Temple Judaism was in the subfield of OT Apocrypha.
Józef Tadeusz Milik (1922-2006) was a Polish scholar, active mainly in France, one of the leading Qumran specialists of his generation, and the editor of the Aramaic fragments of the First Book of Enoch.
If the fund plans to sell a scheme to another fund the asset management company has to take the permission of 75 percent of unit holders or allow them to redeem without any exit load. This does not mean that the investor has nothing to worry about.
You need to find out whether the scheme is going to be managed by a different mutual fund and whether it suits your objective. Also find out the past performance of similar schemes. Note that such a change may have a bearing on the future financial performance of that fund. In case you are not comfortable with the various changes associated with the fund ship out.
You expressly agree the use of the service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. www.ganeshdeshmukh.com expressly disclams all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement . www.ganeshdeshmukh.com makes no warranty the services will meet your requirements, or the services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free. Nor does www.ganeshdeshmukh.com make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained through the service or that defects in the software will be corrected. You understand and agree any material and/ or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is done at your own discretion and risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer systems or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/ or data. www.ganeshdeshmukh.com makes no warranty regarding any goods or services purchased or obtained through the service or any transactions entered into through the service. No advice or information, whether oral or written, which you obtain from www.ganeshdeshmukh.com or through the service shall create any warranty not expressly made herein. You acknowledge that www.ganeshdeshmukh.com site may contain links to other web sites operated by third parties ("linked sites"). You acknowledge that, when you click on a link to visit a linked site, a frame may appear that contains the www.ganeshdeshmukh.com logo, advertisements and/ or other content selected by www.ganeshdeshmukh.com. You acknowledge that www.ganeshdeshmukh.com and its sponsors neither endorse nor are affiliated with the linked site or any link contained in a link site, or any changes or updates to such sites. You also acknowledge that www.ganeshdeshmukh.com is providing these links to you only as a convenience. www.ganeshdeshmukh.com does not endorse in anyway any advertisers/ contents of advertisers on its webpages. Please therefore verify the veracity of all information on your own before undertaking reliance and actioning thereupon. www.ganeshdeshmukh.com shall not be responsible nor liable for any consequential damages arising on account of your relying on the contents of the advertisement.
We will collect certain anonymous information in standard usage logs through our Web server, including: computer-identification information obtained from "cookies," sent to your browser from a
We will collect personally identifiable information about you only as part of a voluntary registration process.
Our advertisers may collect anonymous traffic information from their own assigned cookies to your browser
The Site contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites
We offer a collection of online services which are available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when disclosing your personal information to anyone
remind us of who you are in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service from both an advertising and an editorial perspective
Supplying personally identifiable information is entirely voluntary. You are not required to register with us in order to use our site. However, we offer some services only to visitors who do register.
If we plan to use your personally identifiable information for any commercial purposes, we will notify you at the time we collect that information and allow you to opt-out of having your information used for those purposes.
All sites that are customizable require that you accept cookies. You also must accept cookies to register as someone for access to some of our services. e.g Online Portfolio. For information on how to set your browser to alert you to cookies, or to reject cookies, go to http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/.
To protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, we have in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures. For example, our servers are accessible only to authorized personnel.
Although we will endeavor to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. By using this site, you agree that we will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
We reserve the right to change or update these policies at any time upon reasonable notice, effective immediately upon posting to this site.
I used Photoshop for the animated element but most will use Animation Shop. This step is optional, only if you want to add animation to your tag. (I use PS to do my animations as they don’t appear as grainy once it is saved).
Open the Punked Up Paper 16 or your choice of paper and minimise for use for the mask. Select your Foreground and locate the paper in the pattern. Select. Select your flood fill tool and fill the canvas with the paper. Select Layers – Load/Save Mask – Load Mask from Disk. Select your mask. I had the Invert transparency ticked, then merged group.
Open your template in Paint Shop Pro. Copy the original by holding the shift + D and now close the original. Now go to Image – Resize – make sure the box is ticked for resize all and resize by 90%.
Select your Vertical rectangle frame and select the inside with your magic wand. Go to selections – modify – expand by 3 pixels.
Select your tube inside the frame and go to selections – invert – hit the delete button to remove excess tube.
I used the circle and the long rectangle provided in the template but made my own for the bottom. Using the papers for the rectangle shapes but just changed the colour for the circle.
I re-coloured the frames around the templates using the papers from the Punked Up scrap kit, you can do this or you can colour them to match your tube or leave them as they are.
Merge your layers and save your tag as a PNG or as a JPG. If you want to add animation to your tag like I have, save your tag as a PSD file. Now go to your animation shop and open the file you just saved.
Open your animation in animation shop. Make sure your propagate paste is selected in the toolbar. Select your tag you want to add the animation to. Copy your tag for the required amount of frames you need to accommodate the animation file. Click on the duplicate button on the toolbar. If you want to know how to add animation to tags in Photoshop, there are tutorials available for these.
I duplicated the tag to four frames for the butterfly animation that I made from the elements in the Punked Up scrap kit. I made the Butterfly animation in Photoshop using the puppet warp and the burn tool.
Once you have the required frames. Highlight all frames and select all by holding the CTRL key and A on the keyboard.
Go to the animation tube and select all. Then copy all frames. Take this to your tag and holding the CTRL key and E paste the animation on the tag where you want it to be.
Here is a different version of the same tag using the wonderful artwork of Elias Chatzoudis which can be purchased from PTE which is HERE
For having a most delightful wedding invitation template, you can join some enhancement to beautify the design. We proudly offer you more greatness for ideas to make wedding invitation template.
You requirement to smartly prefer the color that is match with the ideas used in your moment. We did our best to present you smart ideas for creating your wedding invitation template cards by giving an addition of your satisfaction by way of giving some interesting things in it. In our gallery, designs for beautiful kwd can be yours easily
Creativeness coming from your mind can be combined with the lovepan and the color you already choose. Having goodpan design of your wedding invitation template can be maintained by enhancing it using your creativity to add some ornaments as well. Everyone can share satisfaction by giving fantastic wedding invitation template and designs displayed in our gallery are ready to do that.
If you are an Australian that is planning a trip to America, it is important to ensure you have the right documentation. With a variety of changes having been put into place over recent years, it is always best to check the most up to date requirements before you book and pay for your travel just to be on the safe side.
As an Australian who is travelling to or through the United States, you are part of the Visa Waiver Scheme. This means that you need to get ESTA Visa as an Australian citizen before you travel, which is a process that you can easily complete online. However, you should make sure that you are aware of what you need to do and when you need to do it so that your travel plans run smoothly.
Making an ESTA application is pretty straightforward and simple, as it can all be done with speed and ease online. You simply need to have some basic details and information to hand in order to complete the application and once you receive a certificate through you will be able to travel to and through the United States without any issues for the next two years. Once the ESTA expires, you will need to get it renewed before you can travel to the United States again. There are also a number of other reasons why you may need to apply for a new ESTA before the current one expires. This includes if you legally change your name or gender and also if your passport expires and has to be renewed.
When it comes to making your application, one thing to bear in mind is that you need to do this in a timely manner. You must make your application a minimum of three days before you travel otherwise there is a good chance that it won’t be processed in time and you may be unable to travel or to gain entry to the United States as a result of this. Making sure you complete the application as early on as possible means that you can rest easy in the knowledge that it is all sorted. Do make sure that you do it on the official site and not on a scam website.
When you do make your application, you will need to answer some standard questions and provide some background information about yourself. In addition to this, you will need your passport information and details of where you are staying when you come to the United States. You also need to provide information about your current or past employer as part of the application. Once all of the details are entered and submitted, the application will be processed and you will then receive a certificate to confirm that you are able to travel to or through the United States. This will last for a two year period as long as your situation remains the same and your passport is in date. During that period, you can travel to and through the United States as often as you want to on the same ESTA.
Did you know we have a giveaway going on the Biblio.com Facebook Page? Our “12 Days of Christmas” Giveaway is easy to play! Go to our Facebook page to Like our page and play along. You could win free books from Biblio for a whole
Visit us on Pinterest! We pin beautiful books, odd books, and other interesting items found on Biblio.com!
I am wrapped in thunder and delight, watching the flickering lightning, entranced at the window like a child on her birthday morning. Thunderstorms mean many things to me, but at this fine moment the rumble is repeating only one phrase: Wake up! Spring is coming!
We like to play games. But only ones where our customers win something big–like a $200 BiblioBucks gift certificate. And what better game to play than a treasure hunt? So welcome to the Biblio Book Hunt, a treasure hunt exclusively for our Twitter fans! Here’s
The Antiquarian Booksellers’ Association of America (ABAA) has a new look online! Created in 1949, the ABAA has built a strong professional network of booksellers carrying high-quality books. They are the oldest antiquarian bookseller association in the United States, and continue to remain a cornerstone
After 13 days, 11 clues and a lot of re-Tweets, search-savvy Twitter user Michael found the correct book in our first great Biblio Book Hunt: a rare copy of W.H. Auden’s About the House. The rules for the Twitter-exclusive Book Hunt were simple: we picked
In our recent customer newsletter, we featured “green” books in celebration of Earth Day. And, of course, we got some feedback from customers. Without further ado, presenting evidence that People are Weird: Why are you sending out “green” books for Earth Day, but no Atlas
This past weekend, Stephen and I endured months of delays and canceled flights with the singlepurposed intent of attending the ABAA’s New York Antiquarian Book Fair and unveiling a preview of the new upcoming ABAA listing site.
Despite recent economic pressures, leading used & rare book marketplace Biblio.com announced today that it would be opening a second used book factory in North America over the next 6 months. The company did not provide specifics on where the new factory might be built, but recent speculation on the internet seems to indicate Austin, Texas.
Forbes has named Asheville, NC the 6th best metro area for business and careers. Asheville has been the “world headquarters” of Biblio.com since the beginning (2000). In fact, long under-appreciated North Carolina garnered three of the top ten spots, with Raleigh and Durham included in
For.theloveofbooks is the snarky side of Biblio, where we share the things that make our employees face-palm and cry out, "Oh, For the Love of Books!!"
Uncategorized ABAA Announces Winners of the 2017 National Collegiate Book Collecting Competition	0 Comments
pizza sauce recipe | homemade pizza sauce recipe with detailed video recipe. in essence, pizza sauce is tomato based sauce prepared by blenching tomatoes and spiced with herbs and garlic. essentially...
Vegetable Cheesy Pasta Recipe-Indian Style Pasta-Easy and Delicious Pasta recipe with detailed photo and video recipe. basically pasta recipe prepared in tomato sauce with penne pasta, italian herbs, chilli flakes...
Hey, my name is Bhumi Parikh and I am the host of this channel(FAB Foodies). I purely focus on creating and posting vegan recipe videos which are easy to recreate and can be cooked with the ingredients which are easily available. My channel primarily focuses on Indian cuisine, I post some recipes from other cuisines as well.
Today is my "let open source some of my private Github repositories" day, and more specifically, I'm releasing a bunch of code related to documentation.
And now, I'm releasing my API documentation generator. Yes, I know that PHP already has a bunch of such generators, but I started to work on this project several years ago, when the only viable option was the old phpdocumentor.
Nowadays, phpDocumentor version 2 is probably the best option out there as it has a good architecture, it works fine, it is extensible, and quite a few big PHP projects is already using it. And that's fine. I don't want to compete with it, I don't want to replace it, I'm just open sourcing some code used by Symfony, Twig, and Silex because I'm not comfortable with closed-source software. And to be totally honest and transparent, I have not released the code before because it was not "good enough".
With this disclaimer out of the way, let's see what makes Sami "different" (compared to phpdocumentor)?
It is able to manage versions of your code to generate documentation for all of them in a single tree (without the overhead of re-parsing everything for each version of course).
First, get Sami from Github (or integrate it as a dependency in your project Composer file -- you are using Composer, right?):
The generated documentation can be found under the configured build/ directory (note that the client side search engine does not work on Chrome due to JavaScript execution restriction -- it works fine in Firefox).
By default, Sami is configured to run in "incremental" mode. It means that when running the update command, Sami only re-generates the files that need to be updated based on what has changed in your code since the last execution.
Sami also detects problems in your phpdoc and can tell you what you need to fix if you add the -v option:
If the default themes do not suit your needs, you can very easily create a new one, or just override an existing one.
A theme is just a directory with a manifest.yml file that describes the theme (this is a YAML file):
The above configuration creates a new symfony theme based on the enhanced built-in theme. To override a template, just create a file with the same name as the original one. For instance, here is how you can extend the default class template to prefix the class name with "Class " in the class page title:
If you are familiar with Twig, you will be able to very easily tweak every aspect of the templates as everything has been well isolated in named Twig blocks.
Our biorhythm charts depict a range of days centered on the target day. The numbers -14, -7, +7, and +14 across the top mark dates ranging from the past to the future. The numbers from +100% (maximum) to -100% (minimum) indicate where the rhythms are on a particular day. In general, a rhythm at 0% is thought to have no real impact on your life, whereas a rhythm at +100% (a high) would give you an edge in that area, and a rhythm at -100% (a low) would make life more difficult in that area. There is no particular meaning to a day on which your rhythms are all high or all low, except the obvious benefits or hindrances that these rare extremes are thought to have on your life.
”Think not of yourself as ”the architect of your career” but as the sculptor. Expect to have to do a lot of hard hammering and chiselling and scraping and polishing.”
”Really big men love to lock arms with difficulties that would floor weaklings. They find joy in heroic effort.”
We use cookies on www.ahmadtea.com to ensure that we can give you the very best experience. To find out more about how we use cookies, please visit the cookie Privacy Policy page.
Personal finance can be one area of our lives that causes a great deal of stress. If you have the right information to deal with personal finance, the stress can be greatly reduced, and you can solve the problems and stick to your finance plan. Take a look at some of the helpful ideas in this article.
Talk to different loan officers before you sign anything. Make sure to read over the lending contract very carefully to assure that you are not getting into a mortgage that has hidden charges, and that the terms of the loan are just as you and the lender had agreed to.
Set yourself a monthly budget and don’t go over it. Since most people live paycheck to paycheck, it can be easy to overspend each month and put yourself in the hole. Determine what you can afford to spend, including putting money into savings and keep close track of how much you have spent for each budget line.
To help with personal finance, if you’re normally a frugal person, consider taking out a credit card which you can use for your day to day spending, and which you will pay off in full each month. This will ensure you get a great credit rating, and be much more beneficial than sticking to cash or debit card.
Holding a yard or garage sale is a great way to get rid of items that you no longer use and generate some additional income. Those who make friends easily may be able to convince neighbors to let them sell their unwanted items for just a small fee. There are plenty of inventive ways to make money at a yard sale.
Some people spend $20 to $30 each week in lottery drawings hoping to ‘win it big.’ Instead, invest that same amount of money in a savings account. When you do that, that money will still be there when all is said and done.
If you are self-employed, don’t forget to deduct your insurance premiums on your taxes. The premium amount you deduct will reduce your adjusted gross income and you can use it even if you do not itemize your deductions. This can save you quite a bit come tax time, so don’t forget about it.
Timing is very important when buying a mortgage. You don’t want to end up having to pay for two mortgages for a long period of time. If you are buying and selling at the same time, remember to focus on the selling first, that is the most important thing that needs to get done before you can buy a new house.
Get a free checking account. If you have a checking account you have to pay monthly fees on, you could be wasting money. Instead, look for a checking account that doesn’t have monthly fees or per transaction fees. You may have to set up direct deposit with some banks to get a free checking account.
Lower your total monthly grocery bills by nixing the habit of shopping for meals every day, afterr you leave work or school. This approach makes you more susceptible to costly impulse purchases and fast food runs. Instead, plan your grocery purchases for an entire week at a time. Save even more money by shopping only once every other week.
Make sure you keep track of what you are spending. This will allow you to see exactly what you are spending your money on, and you will be able to see places where you can easily save some money. For example, instead of buying a $5.00 coffee, you can just make coffee and buy a travel mug.
Splurge every now and then. No one likes the feeling of deprivation, and if you know that you have the freedom to have one big meal or one pair of shoes every now and then, you will have a feeling of mastery over your finances. Don’t overdo it, but a small luxury purchase periodically is worth it.
Set goals on how you will manage your money. This can help you quell the desire of buying something on impulse. Your financial goals should reflect your priorities. When you have clear goals, you are less likely to spend on things that that do not bring you closer to that goal.
Track your monthly spending to see where your money goes. If tracking and budgeting is not something you do now, follow your spending for two months. Use this information to build a realistic budget and identify the areas where you can cut back reasonably. Use the extra money to increase your savings and to pay off credit cards, as their interest rate will only go up.
As you can see, the tips in the article above can be helpful in minimizing the stress of dealing with your personal finance plan. Using this helpful information, you can immediately get on with solving the problems you face. Then you can get out and enjoy life!
You do not want to waste the money you’ve worked hard for by throwing it away. You probably also don’t really know what ways there are to save money. You might not want to ask because you do not want to seem like you are not responsible, but chances are they are having issues too. This article will help you out by giving you all the personal finance advice you could ever need.
If you rent your home, make sure you get renters insurance to cover you in case of a loss, such as fire, wind damage and theft. Renters insurance is extremely inexpensive. If there is a natural disaster, the owner of your home is covered for their loss of property but you are not covered unless you have your own policy.
Talk to an investment representative or financial planner. Even though you may not be rolling in dough, or able to throw hundreds of dollars a month into an investment account, something is better than nothing. Seek their advice on the best options for your savings and retirement, and then start doing it today, even if it is only a few dollars a month.
Take a look at your investments. If it’s been a while since you did any financial shifting of assets, it might be time to do that. With the changes in the economy, what used to be a good safe bet, and what used to earn lots of interest per year, has changed.
A major indicator of your financial health is your FICO Score so know your score. Creditors use the FICO Scores to decide how risky it is to give you credit. Each of the three major credit bureaus, Transunion, Equifax, and Experian, assigns a score to your credit record. That score goes up and down depending on your credit usage and payment history over time. A good FICO Score makes a huge difference in the interest rates you can get when buying a home or car. Check out your score before any major purchases to make sure it is a true reflection of your credit history.
If you are below 21 years of age and looking for a credit card, know that there have been rule changes in recent years. Historically, credit cards were freely given to college students. You must have a cosigner or an income that can be proven. Find out what specific card issuers require before you apply.
Talking to a business professor or other teacher who specializes in money or some financial aspect can give one helpful advice and insight into one’s personal finances. This casual conversation can also be more relaxed for one to learn in than a classroom and is more personable than looking on the internet.
Your FICO score is largely affected by credit card balances. If you have high balances on your cards, your score will likely be lower than it otherwise would. As you start to reduce your balance, your score will rise. Reducing your total amount of credit can play an integral role in improving your financial position.
Before signing a lease agreement, talk to your future property management about the privacy policies. Many places require social security numbers and many other personal pieces of information, but they never explain how this information is stored and kept safe. Stolen identities are on a sky high rise in the past decade and without proper safekeeping from the management company, yours can be next.
To avoid wasting your money and splurging too much, put yourself on a cash allowance. You can use your cash allowance to reward yourself in whatever way you want, but you can’t spend more than your allowance. This will allow you to enjoy some fun stuff and not blow your entire budget.
If you are using a checking account that has fees save yourself the hassle and open a free checking account. You can save a lot of money every month by just switching to a bank that does not charge fees for transactions, etc. Shop around and find the best bank for you!
Create an up to date financial plan. This will allow you to see how you are doing in all areas of your finances. Review any insurance plans, income taxes, estate and retirement planning, investments, savings and current debts. Be specific in your goals and be realistic. For more complex financial planning, it is a good idea to seek the services of a CPA.
Now that you’ve read this article, you should have gotten some amazing insights into your financial situation. You are probably shocked, or at least surprised, that resolving your financial problems and saving money can be this easy. If there are any tips that don’t make any sense, spend a few minutes of trying to understand them in order to fully understand the concept.
Many people in America are taught nothing about investing, financial planning, or even simple budgeting. This is a huge problem when these people who never took the time to educate themselves find that they are ready to retire, but have no money to support themselves. This article will give you some knowledge about personal finance so that you don’t find yourself in that situation.
When trading your pairs, do yourself a favor and only trade one or two currency pairs. The more you have, the harder it is to keep up with all the times that you should trade them. By focusing on just a couple, you can effectively become aware of their trends and when to make a trade to make a profit.
Use two to four credit cards to enjoy a satisfactory credit report. Only using one card at a time makes it difficult to build up a solid credit score; however, using a greater number of cards than four makes it difficult for you to efficiently manage your finances. Start off with just two different credit accounts and add new ones if and when necessary.
If your bank charges high monthly fees just for the privilege of keeping a checking account, consider switching to a credit union. Most people are eligible for credit union membership based on where they live or work or organizations they belong to. Because credit unions are member-owned, they do not have to make profits like banks do and so they generally offer much better deals.
If you are making use of credit cards to buy daily necessities such as food and gas, you need to re-evaluate your spending habits before you end up in financial ruin. Necessities and then savings should take priority when spending your money. If you continue to spend money you don’t have, you’re setting yourself for huge debt problems in the future.
Try to avoiding using your credit card unless it is absolutely necessary. For smaller purchases, go the cash route. New legislation allows stores to require a credit card minimum of $10 for transactions. Make sure to carry cash or a debit card if you intend to make under $10 in purchases.
Attempting to stay as healthy as possible and curing any minor sicknesses at home will prevent one from making trips to the hospital that are not necessary. These trips that are avoided will save one large amounts out of their personal finances. Any trip that is avoided will surely save one money.
Going to stores that are about to go out of business or be turned into a different store, can often produce items that can be bought at a greatly discounted price. Getting items you need or can resell at a higher price can both benefit your personal finances.
Set up an automatic payment with your credit card companies. In many cases you can set up your account to be paid directly from your checking account each month. You can set it up to just pay the minimum balance or you can pay more automatically. Be sure to keep enough funds in your checking account to pay these bills.
Check your credit at least yearly. The government provides free credit reports for its citizens every year. You can also get a free credit report if you are declined credit. Keeping track of your credit will allow you to see if there are incorrect debts or if someone has stolen your identity.
You have to consider the amount of belongings you have before you rent your new apartment. Storage units are fairly expensive so it might be cheaper to rent a larger apartment than to rent a separate storage unit. It is also convenient when all your belongings are with you and you can access them all the time.
Signing up for direct deposits eliminates the hassle of making a special trip to the bank every payday. It also helps you to avoid lost or stolen paychecks and will reduce impulse purchases that are made between the time your check is cashed and the time that it is deposited into your account.
When in doubt about borrowing money-don’t. Interest is extremely expensive, adding up to 20% or even more to your purchases, which is the same as making 20% less money! Wherever possible try to save up for a purchase on your own, and buy it later rather than taking out a loan to get it now.
Save a little money every day. Getting a burger at fast food place with your coworkers is a pretty cheap lunch, right? A hamburger is only $3.29. Well, that’s over $850 a year, not counting drinks and fries. Brown bag your lunch and get something much more delicious and healthy for less than a dollar.
You have learned some easy tips to take better control of your personal finances. This article is just a building block to what you need to learn. Take researching on how to use your money wisely very seriously, and you can prevent being another person who does not have money when you need it most.
We all have finances, and yet so many of us never get any real training or education on how to go about them wisely. As this article will show you, you don’t have to be a math genius or a financial guru in order to make wise investments and get your money matters in order.
Keep up with your bills to have better personal finance. Many times people will pay part of a bill, and this gives the company the ability to tack on expensive late fees. By paying your bills on time, it can actually bring up your credit score, and put a few extra dollars in your pocket in the end.
If a credit card is close to its limit, consider transferring portions of the balance to a different card. Having a card that is almost maxed out is a huge blow to your FICO score. Transferring part of the balance will even up the credit you have available on your cards.
It is more convenient to use ATMs rather than traveler’s checks. Not only is it easier and faster to get your money this way, it is also cheaper. If you are going to use the ATM, make fewer and larger withdrawals, so that you can avoid paying numerous transaction fees.
Knowledge is one of the more essential components to understanding where you are and what must be done to establish your goals. Realize that over time, your expenses are bound to go up and plan. Maintaining this understanding, will reduce stress and put you in a better situation, financially.
Electronics are extremely expensive and can set you back a lot of money if you do not get a good deal. Try to do all of your electronics shopping online, as you will find great deals and auctions, which will allow you to choose the price that you want to pay.
One of the things that you can do as a form of additional income is venture to the nearest yard sales in your area. Purchase items for cheap that could be worth something and resell these products online. This can help a lot by adding a couple hundred dollars to your bank account.
If you love to shop, one tip that you can follow is to buy clothes out of season. When it is the wintertime, you can get great deals on summer clothes and vice versa. Since you will eventually use these anyway, this is a great way to maximize your savings.
Be sure to pay your utility bills before they are overdue. You can harm your credit rating by paying them late. Paying late will also rack up late fees and penalties. Paying your bills in a timely manner will help you gain control over your finances.
Eliminate unnecessary credit cards. You do not need to have a multitude of credit cards open on your credit report. This costs you a lot of money in interest fees and drags down your credit score if you have them all above 20% of the available maximum balance. Write the creditors a letter and pay off the balance.
In addition to the other funds that you need to have available to purchase a home, plan for an emergency savings fund. This should contain money that will take care of three to six months of your living expenses in the event that you have difficulty paying your bills. The fund is a great way to make sure that you don’t fall behind on your mortgage in the event of an emergency.
Use cash for purchases. Eliminate credit cards and debit cards and use cash for purchases. Use the envelope system to allocate a budget for monthly expenses. Have a separate envelope for each different type of expense, and place a specific amount of cash in each one. This way, you won’t over-spend on any monthly expenses. A good idea is to have another envelope marked ’emergency’, containing cash that can only be used if really necessary. Seal this envelope, as this will make you less tempted to ‘borrow’ from it.
Rather than going out for food, you can stay at home and cook the same meal for only a fraction of the price. You can feed four people a satisfying and healthy dinner for no more than 30 dollars. It will be more money to order out than to cook at home.
One of the most botched personal-finance decision’s people make is the unnecessary purchase of a new car. Because a new car depreciates by 20-30% as soon as it leaves the dealer, it is one of the worst investments you can make with your money. Consider buying a barely used version of the same model, and you can reduce your costs considerably without compromising the reliability of your car.
Only you can make your own financial decisions. Even if that decision is seeking out the advice of a professional, you must do that on your own. This article is meant to be an educational tool to guide you in the right direction. Put some of these ideas into practice and you will see changes in how you handle and think about money.
In these hard financial times, even for those of us lucky enough to be gainfully employed keeping your finances straight can be such a challenge. With the cost of everything from milk and eggs to gas rising, saving is near impossible. This article will offer some advice on personal finance.
Consider eating local foods to try to save money when visiting a foreign country. Restaurants in popular tourist areas and hotels will overcharge you, so look into where the locals go out to eat. You can find quaint restaurants with lower prices and great tasting local cuisine.
In these turbulent times, spreading any savings you have around multiple locations is sound strategy. Put some in a pure savings account, more in a checking space, invest some in equities, and then put more into higher-interest arenas and even gold. Use all or some of those ideas to keep your money safe.
Sometimes it’s a good idea to take the “personal” out of “personal finance” by sharing your financial goals with others, such as close friends and family. They can offer encouragement and a boost to your determination in reaching the goals you’ve set for yourself, such as building a savings account, paying off credit card debts, or creating a vacation fund.
Get rid of your credit cards to improve your financial situation. Credit cards charge huge interest rates and their fees can be massive as well. It can also be very tempting to run up a larger balance than you can comfortably pay off each month. Instead of plastic, give cash only a try.
Thrift shopping and consignment shopping have become more popular in the current economy. Try buying your clothes, home decor, and kitchen items second hand. You can save a lot of money on the things you have to buy anyway that you can then put towards your savings or retirement accounts.
One of the tips to maximizing your personal finances is to buy or make a coin jar in your house. Put this jar in your kitchen so that you can empty all of the loose change into the jar each day. Over time, this will add up as you should bank hundreds of dollars.
Always make your credit card payments on time. If you do not you are sure to be deemed a credit risk; your credit score will go down; and your interest rates will go up. Make at least the minimum payment on time so that late payments do not get applied to your credit report.
Many people incorrectly believe that it is cheaper to own than rent. That is not true because when you own a home you are responsible for more than just your monthly house payment. You have to pay for utilities, property taxes, and any repairs that may need to be done to the place.
Allow your profits to run in Forex. Only use this tactic when you have reason to believe the streak will continue. Once you are happy with the profit that you have made on a trade, you need to know when it is time to withdraw.
If you’re trying to improve your personal budget, one easy way to get yourself in the mindset is to get your paycheck put directly into a savings account rather than checking or cash. This will help get you in the habit of saving money and not thinking of it all as disposable income.
Save a bit day by day. Instead of shopping at a store because the location is convenient, compare prices at several stores before making a decision. Try to be flexible with your meal ideas so you can buy what is on sale.
Buy an automatic coffee machine and start it brewing before you leave for work in the morning. You can save money on coffee purchases on your way to work in the morning. These can add up at gourmet coffee shops that lure you in with fancy words. Take an insulated cup and some joe from home.
Regularly read the business section of the paper. This will constantly offer many valuable tips on saving money and getting your personal finances in order, It will also help you stay updated on markets and maybe even will help you decide when a good time to invest money in stocks would be.
Even though times are tough it is still feasible to get a handle on your finances. Whether it be by investing, scrimping and saving, or by sheer manpower, it is possible. This article offered some advice on how to handle your personal finances so that these tough financial times won’t be as tough.
Does your paycheck disappear as soon as you get it? If so, you probably need some help with financial management. Living paycheck-to-paycheck is stressful and unrewarding. To get out of this negative financial cycle, you just need some more information about how to handle your finances. Read on for some help.
The stock market is in a dangerous state right now, so don’t take any big investment risks unless you’re willing to lose a lot of money. Any investment might seem like a good idea at first, but there are a lot of factors that affect stock prices and unless you’re an expert, you won’t see them coming.
Avoid thinking that you cannot afford to save up for an emergency fund because you barely have enough to meet daily expenses. The truth is that you cannot afford not to have one. An emergency fund can save you if you ever lose your current source of income. Even saving a little every month for emergencies can add up to a helpful amount when you need it.
If you can afford it, try making an extra payment on your mortgage every month. The extra payment will apply directly to the principal of your loan. Every extra payment you make will shorten the life of your loan a little. That means you can pay off your loan faster, saving potentially thousands of dollars in interest payments.
College education can be very expensive, academic scholarships can be a huge help in financing your education. Academic scholarships are awarded for excelling in school. Those who receive academic scholarships had an acceptable GPA, excelled in their studies, and the college would like that individual to continue studying at their school.
To earn money for one’s personal finances establishing a dog walking service can produce lucrative returns if it becomes well enough established. By starting with a smaller group of select customers at a discounted price one can gain clients through word of mouth and advertisement if one wants to attract even more clients. The key to personal finance is to take initiative what ever path one may choose.
Pay special attention to the details if you finance your car. Most finance companies require you to purchase full coverage, or they have the right to repossess your vehicle. Do not fall into a trap by signing up for liability only if your finance company requires more. You have to submit your insurance details to them, so they will find out.
Even though bottled water may seem like an insignificant expense when you purchase it individually, it will add up over time. Instead of purchasing bottled water every single day, invest in a water filter. This will allow you to create water that has the same taste as bottled, at little to no cost.
Never take out cash advances from your credit card. Not only will you immediately have to start paying interest on the amount, but you will also miss out on the standard grace period for repayment. Furthermore, you will pay steeply increased interest rates as well, making it an option that should only be used in desperate times.
Familiarize yourself with the fine print of surcharges and fees associated with your credit card payments. Most credit card companies assign a hefty $39 and up fee for exceeding your credit limit by even one dollar. Others charge up to $35 for payments that are received only a minute after the due date.
After reading this article, you should have some ideas about how to keep more of your paycheck and get your finances back under control. There’s a lot of information here, so reread as much as you need to. The more you learn and practice about financial management, the better your finances will get.
Taking care of your personal finance can be made more simple by budgeting your income and deciding what purchases to make before making a trip to the store. Managing your money doesn’t have to be very difficult. Get to grips with your personal finance by following through on the tips in this article.
If you are trading to make your mortgage, you are trading for the wrong reasons. The volatility of the exchange is too great to gamble your needed finances on. Always use safe money as opposed to your real world dollars that must support your day to day life. This is about building profits, not about playing the lottery.
It is important to know who, where, what, when and how, about each agency that reports on your credit history. If you do not follow up with each reporter on your credit file, you could be leaving a mistaken account reference on your history, that could easily be taken care of with a phone call.
Avoid debt whenever you can. Obviously there are situations when you cannot avoid debt, such as obtaining a mortgage; items such as credit cards should be given a wide berth. You will lose less money to interest and possible fees if you borrow less money.
To avoid surprise deductions from your checking account, access your account online at least once a month. Scroll back through the previous month and make note of all the recurring automatic deductions from your account. Go ahead and deduct those in your check ledger now – even if it puts you in a negative balance. The money won’t be gone until the debit is posted, but you will know not to spend money on unnecessary items until you have built up enough of a balance to cover your recurring automatic debits.
To improve your personal finance habits, keep track of the amount of cash you spend along with everything else. The physical act of paying with cash makes you mindful of exactly how much money is being spent, while it is much easier to spend large amounts with a credit or debit card.
When trying to arrange your personal finances you should build fun, spending money into the equation. When you have gone out of your way to include entertainment in your budget, it ensures that you remain content. Secondly, it ensures that you are reasonable and have a budget already in place, which allows for entertainment.
One thing that you will need to be very concerned with when analyzing your personal finances is your credit card statement. It is very important to pay down your credit card debt, as this will only rise with the interest that is tacked onto it each month. Pay off your credit card immediately to increase your net worth.
Save your money in an account that has high yields. Make sure it is FDIC insured, that there is no risk involved, and that you can access your money when you need it. Accounts like these may seem hard to find, but a little research will reward you and help your investment grow.
If at all possible, pay off your credit card balances in full. Only put as much as you can pay off on the credit card each month. It will show that you are a responsible borrower and it will increase your credit rating as well as make it easier to take out lines of credit in the future.
Simply said, spend less, earn more, is the best financial advice out there. Consumers who spend all or more money than they make tend to borrow to get the money back. This means that they will never build any wealth because they spend it before they even have it. Simple, spend less than you earn!
Social Security, which is an earned benefit (you pay into it), is now being tarred as an “entitlement,” just to give you a clue about what’s to come. Prepare for the worst and assume that psychopathic politicians will steal your Social Security. If your job offers a 401k, max it out.
Avail of the tips in this article to ensure that you are spending your money wisely! Even if you have found yourself in dire straits as a result of poor money management in the past, you can gradually get yourself out of trouble by applying simple tips like the ones that we have outlined.
Managing your personal finances is important for any adult, especially those that are not used to spending money on necessities, like, rent or electricity bills. Learn to create a budget! Read the tips in this article so you can make the most of your income, no matter your age or income bracket.
When you are putting together a family budget, make sure to get all in the family involved including your children. Since money is spent on each family member, having your family’s input on how much they spend and how much to save, a compromise can then be made on a budget. It is easier to stick with a budget when you have a family consensus.
By using coupons whenever possible one can make the most of their personal finances. Using coupons will save money that would have been spent without the coupon. When thinking of the savings as bonus money it can add up to a monthly phone or cable bill that is paid off with this bonus money.
Don’t do any Forex trading without first analysing the market. In the world of currency trading, any attempt to trade without first examining the market is just pure gambling. Gambling can be fun, but eventually you will lose all of your money. So, study the market extensively before you do any trading.
To maximize the money in your wallet, try not to shop on an empty stomach. When you are hungry, you are more prone to an impulse purchase, given your higher levels of stress and anxiety. Additionally, you will usually spend money on fast food, which will add up over time.
Before one is about to buy a car, house, or any high cost item that one will have to make payments on. By looking at the payments one will have to make on their purchase before purchasing they can make an educated decision on if they can afford it reasonably. This will ensure credit stays optimal.
Heating can be the largest household expense during the winter months. Some heating types are more expensive than others. If you live in an area where the winter is cold, don’t rent a place with electric heating. As electricity is the most expensive energy source, stay away from rentals with any kind of electric heating system.
Spend less than you make. This may sound over-simplified, but the sad truth is that many families struggle with spending at or below their means. It’s usually easier to cut your spending than it is to get a raise or new higher-paying job. Try shaving off a little bit in a variety of areas, so you and your family will not feel any pain with your new spending plan.
A great way to save money, with gas being as expensive as it is, is to cut down on your driving. If you have several errands to run, try to do them altogether in one trip. Connect all the places you need to go to into an efficient route to save mileage, and in effect, save on gas.
Pay yourself first. When you get your paycheck, set aside a certain amount for your savings account first. Don’t pay bills, don’t buy anything, just take some money and put it aside for a rainy day. This will ensure that when a rainy day does come along, you already have a little help.
Cutting back on maintenance spending for your car or house can be a dangerous way to save money. If you see a minor problem now and don’t fix it, it will become a major problem later. So realistically, you end up saving more money when you do the proper maintenance and take care of the things you own.
If your paycheck is entirely spent before the end of the week, you will want to decrease your discretionary spending. It’s hard to go whole hog. You may not be able to avoid going out for meals entirely. By eating out half as many times in a month as you normally would, you will save money while still getting to go out.
As said in the beginning of the article, managing your personal finances is important for any adult who has bills to pay. Create budgets and shopping lists so you can track how your money is spent and prioritize. Remember the tips in this article, in order to make the most of your income.
In tough economic times, it is all too easy to find yourself suddenly having financial problems. Whether your bills are piling up, you have debts you can’t pay, or you are looking for ways to earn more money, this advice can help. Keep reading this article to learn some great financial tips.
If you can afford to do so, open an installment account, such as a loan or car payment. These will add extra weight onto your credit profile and will increase your credit score as long as it stays within your debt to income ratio. Be careful and only take on debt you can afford.
Creating a budget for one and even their family will assure that they have control over their personal finances. A budget will keep one from overspending or taking a loan that will be outside their ability to repay. To maintain ones person finances responsibly they need to take action to do so.
To make the most of your personal finances, if you have investments, make sure to diversify them. Having investments in a variety of different companies with different strengths and weaknesses, will protect you against sudden turns in the market. This means that one investment can fail without causing you financial ruin.
Home equity loans are tempting but dangerous. If you miss a payment on a home equity loan, you could lose your home. Make sure that you can afford the monthly payments and that you have a significant emergency savings built up before taking out any loans against your home.
As a college student, you will want to reduce the amount that you spend on books and supplies. Instead of purchasing books at the campus bookstore, which is usually at retail price, make friends with upperclassman who can give you these books at a discount. This can save you hundreds of dollars per semester.
One of the ways that you can save money to improve your financial standing is to shut off the car when you are parked. Keeping your car running could waste gas, which rises in price every single day. Shut your car off any time that you can to save additional cash.
If you work a full time job, make sure that you are setting money aside each pay period towards your retirement fund. This will be extremely important later on in life after you have put in your last hours of work. Ascertain that money is being wired into your 401k, each paycheck for a stable future.
When you are taking out money, one thing that you must try to avoid is withdrawing from a different bank than your own. Each withdrawal will cost you between 2 to 4 dollars and can add up over time. Stick to the bank of your choice if you want to minimize your miscellaneous expenses.
Make sure you have some emergency savings squirreled away. If you don’t and a major expense pops up like car repairs or medical bills, all these bills could end up on your credit card. This can put you even further in debt. It’s better to have a few months money built up to cushion these emergencies.
If possible, steer clear of the emergency room. Walk-in clinics, and actual appointments at the doctor will both have a huge reduction in cost and co-pays. Emergency room doctors can also charge separately from hospitals if they are contracted. So, you would have two medical bills instead of one. Stick with the clinic.
It is natural to make mistakes and bad decisions. There is a chance that your bank will wave a bounced check fee if it is the first time it has happened. Reliable customers who consistently maintain a minimum balance and avoid overdrafting their account should request a fee waiver.
Always have an emergency fund equal to three to six months of living expenses, in case of unexpected job loss or other emergency. Even though interest rates on savings accounts are currently very low, you should still keep an emergency fund, preferably in a federally insured deposit account, for both protection and peace of mind.
Keep track of your finances and save receipts for two months. This will help you determine where your hard earned money goes and where you can start cutting expenses. You will be surprised at what you spend and where you can save money. Use this tool to build a budget.
No matter what sort of financial difficulties you may be having, the tested advice you have just read can help. There is no substitute for knowledge when you are having financial problems. Once you start putting this advice to work in your own life, you will soon be able to resolve your financial problems.
Dealing with our personal finances can be a sore subject. We avoid them like the plague when we know we won’t like what we see. If we like where we are headed, we tend to forget all the work that got us there. Dealing with your finances should always be an ongoing project. We’ll cover some of the highlights that can help you make sense of your money.
Triple check your credit card statements the moment you arrive home. Make sure to pay special attention in looking for duplicates of any charges, extra charges you don’t recognize, or simple overcharges. If you spot any unusual charges, contact both your credit card company and the business that charged you immediately.
To maintain control of your money, avoid incurring debt at all costs. Not all debt can be avoided. Try to avoid credit card debt. Borrowing less money translates into paying less money on surcharges and interest.
The envelope system is a tried and true budgeting technique that can work well for those who have a hard time staying within their budget. Cash out your paycheck at each pay period and put a predetermined amount of cash into each envelope for each line on your budget. You can then only spend the cash that you have for each item. It prevents you from overspending as you have a visual for what is left.
Eating out is a huge pit of money loss. It is way too easy to get into the habit of eating out all the time, but it is doing a number on your pocket book. Test it out by making all of your meals at home for a month, and see how much extra money you have left over.
Cost cutting is one of the most effective ways that you can save money during the course of the year. The first place that you should start is with things that you do not need. Cut ties with some of the channels that you do not use on your cable network to save money.
Rather than risking your money, it would be better to put that money into a savings account or invest in something wise. In fact, you would be guaranteed to increase the amount of your income as time passes rather than simply tossing money to wind.
If you want to reduce your Christmas budget, consider fashioning you own homemade Christmas gifts. You can save a lot of time and money, not to mention the fact that you will be creating something from your own hands, which can mean more than a store bought gift. A little creativity can reduce your costs, which will help you make progress on increasing your net worth.
Sit down and add up all the money that you have coming in to the house each month. Then sit down and add up the amount that your monthly bills cost. Subtract the money you spend on your bills from your monthly income. The number you come up with is the amount of money you have to spend on everything else – food, clothing, medicine, luxury items, etc. Don’t go over this amount. This will insure that you have enough money to pay all of your bills and aren’t spending more than you’re earning.
Spending less than you earn is the number one way to financial freedom. This ensures that you have money to save and you do not acquire debt that will keep you in the hole! It is always good not to have debt hanging over your head causing stress in your life.
Pay off high-rate credit cards from low-yield savings. Many credit cards charge 18% or more in annual interest, while some store cards charge as much as 24%. It makes sense to pay off those high-rate balances with any extra cash that you have sitting in low-yielding savings accounts. For instance, paying off a $1000, 18% credit-card balance from a 1%-yielding savings account would save you $170.
A great tip that can help you with your finances is to open up a checking account. Checking accounts are great because they allow you to store money without having to pay any interest. Check with different banks to see which bank has the best checking account for you.
Our finances need to be dealt with on a regular basis in order for them to stay on the track that you set for them. Keeping a close eye on how you are using your money will help things stay smooth and easy. Incorporate some of these tricks into your next financial review.
Just click download link in many Resolutions at the end of this sentence and you will be redirected on direct image file, and then you must right click on image and select "Save image as". 150 × 150 / 220 × 165 / 220 × 258
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Red Linen Table Runner Inspirational Table Runners Buy Table Runners Line at Best Prices In India On can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
Australia are the hosts of the World Solar Car Challenge 2015 and will be the destination for the Durham University Solar Car (DUSC) in October.
The car will race against 50 other solar cars in Australia in an attempt to be the fastest solar car to cover the 3,000 kilometres.
By tradefreight Air Freight, Anything, Anywhere, Australia, Cars, Competition, containers, DUSC, export, export packers, freight, haulage, IEP, international, International Logistics centre, logistics, logistics centre, newark, Newark on Trent, nottingham, Packers, Sea Freight, shipping, Shipping Container, Shipping/Exporting, Solar Car, Solar Power, Trade Freight, Transport, Transportation, World Championships, Worldwide 7 Comments on Shipping to Australia from Uk-DUSC Solar Read more...
A wiki about the swashbuckling sea combat and trade game franchise, Tradewinds, developed by Sandlot Games.
embed excel in html you can make any adjustment to the html that you would like so that the formatting looks nicer but below is an example of the result embed excel in html object oriented.
embed excel in html this is how the embedded spreadsheet will appear on your webpage display excel in html using javascript in wordpress.
embed excel in html embed excel how to hide the sound effects icon in presentation view a excel sheet embed embed excel in html5 you can embed.
embed excel in html as long as your blog or webpage supports iframes your readers should now be able to view the powerpoint presentation or excel spreadsheet in all its glory embed excel in html iframe example.
embed excel in html 4 now go back to the google sites page where you would like to display the data click on edit page put your cursor in the exact location where you would display excel in html using javascript in html.
embed excel in html the media property of the column tag is used to specify in which media that column should be shown if the media is set to html then only in the jsp page embed excel in html objective questions.
embed excel in html if you dont see the embed code you may have to toggle to html to embed in a page embed excel in html5 contextmenu.
embed excel in html here is the button in the lower right that allows you to view in html 5 while logged into the one drive embed excel in html object tag.
embed excel in html transferring data from excel and word tables is consistent copying from tables displayed in ie is less so as you can create tables using css vs html and embed excel in html iframe syntax.
embed excel in html a workbook created in excel 2013 desktop to be shared online embed excel in html object positioning.
embed excel in html and whats also cool is that you can do this inside your firewall too if you have sharepoint 2010 and installed the web apps you can embedded private display excel in html.
embed excel in html embed excel now you can perform any operation over the inserted spreadsheet by using excel commands embed excel how to insert a macro button to run macro in excel ad remove macros.
embed excel in html how to insert excel into word embed an excel worksheet into word insert excel chart into display excel in html5.
embed excel in html converting the spreadsheet to an html file was simple with spreadsheetconverter html we just opened the calculator in excel and pressed the convert button display excel chart in html.
embed excel in html how to insert excel into word pasting excel tables into and formatted documents insert excel in how to insert excel embed excel in html object oriented.
embed excel in html embed excel image titled embed a query in excel step 2 embed excel file in word embed excel embed excel chart in html.
round storage ottoman coffee table huge ottoman coffee table round storage ottoman coffee table coffee table round storage large ottoman with storage round storage ottoman gorgeous large storage ottom.
round storage ottoman coffee table wonderful round upholstered coffee table with appealing round coffee table with storage ottomans round coffee storage ottoman coffee table.
The Grateful Ones MC is having a poker ride and party. We start at the Valencia Club in Penryn and poker run it to the Colfax community center for a party.
Florida bike fests, rides and rallies. Phil Peterson's 43rd Annual Key West Poker Run,. weekend featuring a Pre-Poker Run Bike Night Party and a Poker Run.Poker Run For Tony Peterson in Waupaca, Waupaca, WI, United States, Saturday, 24. June 2017 - We are having a poker run to benefit Tony and his. 2018 Waupaca.
Answer 1 of 90: Does anybody know if the Peterson Poker run is always the same time in September? Looking to book my 2017 dates and was wondering if anybody knew If.
LIGHTNING CUSTOMS July 2017 NOTE: The 2017 Key West Poker Run was canceled due to logistical issues, but the dealership is planning to have the Poker Run in 2018.
Snow Country Snowmobile Region is dedicated to providing. Opeongo Snowbirds (Barry's Bay/Whitney), Peterson. 2018 Sno-Drifters' Poker Run1st Annual.Custom motorcycles draw admirers to Duval Street as part of the Phil Peterson’s Poker Run to Key West. “They are welcome to apply for 2018,” Wheeler said.
Miami to Key West Offshore Poker Run - Nov 07 With Larrys Boat. Phil Peterson’s Key West Poker Run Biker enthusiasts, welcome to The Florida Keys and Key West where you can come as you are. Phil Peterson’s Harley.The Key West will have to wait until 2018 to have the 45th Phil Peterson Annual Key West Poker Run again. 45th Key West Poker Run, was cancelled 2.
Phil Peterson's Key West Poker Run started some 44 years ago as just an idea to drum up some business during a normally slow time of year for his motorcycle business.Sep 14- 17, 2017. The Phil Peterson’s Key West Poker Run is held in Key West, Florida at the Duval Street and is promoted by Key West Bike Week. Find all the.
Registration is now available on line at petersonsharley.com or at either Peterson location after 9/1/12 Phil Peterson’s 40th Key West Poker Run September 14th and.Phil Peterson's 45th Poker Run. 357: 15-16: September. 07:00 - 20:00. Facebook event page. Peterson's Harley-Davidson of Miami North. 19400 NW 2nd Ave, Miami.
The fate of the September 2017 event that draws thousands of enthusiasts is uncertain.The Full Throttle Key West Poker Run will take place in Full Throttle Magazine wants to help keep the legacy of the "Petersons Poker Run. Localtopia 2018: A.Phil Petersons Key West Poker Run Start Date: Sep 15th, 2017 End Date: Sep 17th, 2017 Address: Duvall Street Key West, FL.New state coral-conservation area could help Florida Keys corals.
Phil Peterson's Poker Run 2016. to be located in the ideal spot for Poker Run riders. The Phil Peterson’s Poker Run officially. 2018. Check Out Our New.Every year, an estimated 10,000 motorcycles rumble down the Overseas Highway from Miami to the Key West Poker Run during the third weekend of September in the annual.Thousands Of Bikers Expected For Key West Poker Run. They will raise money for charity during the 42nd Peterson’s Key West Poker Run. ©2018 CBS.
Pirate Cove Resort OHV Poker Run, January 27, 2018. showthread.php?174240-Pirate-Cove-Off-Road-Poker-Run-2018. and bolts are tight with loc tight.Location: Run starts at 8am at both Peterson’s H-D locations… Peterson’s Harley-Davidson South at, 19825 South Dixie Hwy, Miami 33157. Peterson’s Harley. Phil Peterson's Key West Poker Run 2016, Thursday, 15. September 2016 | Paint N Take, Friday, 03. June 2016.Duval Street will be blocked off for the party-zone for attendees and motorcycles-only parking.
Just when we thought the battle royale genre was growing stale and that the competition had no chance of encroaching upon the genre’s biggest names, along comes Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 and Blackout mode.
Blackout is a lot like every other battle royale game. It sees you and 87 or 99 other players (depending on the mode) occupy a single map. That map is filled with weapons, supplies, and vehicles that you will need as you compete to become the last man (or squad) standing.
Blackout will be especially familiar to those who played the genre innovator, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds. That is to say that it favors a more militaristic approach, emphasizes weapon modifications, utilizes vehicles, and is more about tactical combat. However, because this is Call of Duty, the mode also features quite a few ridiculous weapons, roaming zombies, and a much greater emphasis on fast combat.
The result is something quite special. Blackout is one of the smoothest, deepest, and most engaging battle royale experiences out there. It’s easy to learn, tough to master, and consistently provides exciting matchups. It may not have the widespread appeal of Fortnite, but it figures to become a phenomenon in and of itself.
For quite some time, Call of Duty games have been “replaced” by next year’s game. They may not all share the same name, game modes, settings, or developers, but the name “Call of Duty” has typically been enough to inspire fans to pick up the latest game on the market.
It’s an approach that has made publisher Activision quite a bit of money over the years, but it’s an approach that creates a fascinating predicament. See, Blackout shouldn’t go anywhere but up. It certainly shouldn’t be replaced or ignored when the next Call of Duty game comes out.
However, that doesn’t mean it won’t be replaced or ignored. The popular fear is that Activision will simply put a new Blackout mode in the next Call of Duty game and ask everyone to just buy that one to keep playing.
That makes a little sense – and many people may do just that – but titles like Fortnite have become the money machines they are because they are constantly updated experiences that require little (or even no) money from the players. Instead, they encourage people to spend money by virtue of being great games with hundreds of hours of gameplay.
In theory, Activision could just ask developer Treyarch to keep updating the current Blackout mode. However, we don’t know if they will. At present, there’s not much incentive to spend additional money on Blackout. Even if there was, we wonder if enough people who already purchased a $60 game are going to feel like spending more and more money on the mode. Besides, Activision is going to want them to work on Black Ops V at some point.
Worst of all, Activision might simply ignore Blackout by the time the next Call of Duty game roles around. That’s not a very likely option, but it wouldn’t be entirely unheard of either.
No matter how you look at it, Activision has to make a tough decision when it comes to Blackout. If they make the wrong one, they risk ruining one of the best things to come out of the Call of Duty franchise in years. The problem is that nobody can seem to agree what the right decision is.
Contrast is a game I’ve been looking forward to since I first saw it on Steam Greenlight over a year ago. The intriguing vaudeville-inspired setting, unique platforming that transitions between 2D and 3D, and catchy jazz soundtrack on display in those first early peeks was enough to make Contrast one of the first games I […]
Escape Goat is a prime example of the old adage “Never judge a book by its cover.” I first played the game some time back when it appeared on Xbox Live Indie Games. It’s still one of my go-to examples of decent games that are sadly drowned beneath the sea of junk that makes up […]
Arcen Game’s newest roguelite title, Bionic Dues, is more than just a good time: it’s a robot-guard slaying, mech personalizing, grinding-for-loot perfect way to spend an evening attached to the keyboard. We were able to get some quality hands-on time behind the wheel of the small team of Exos, the game’s specialized mechs, and […]
Author Gravatar is shown here. Clickable link to Author page. Article by: Kasey Goodenough Authors link to author website or other works. root
lift storage bed frame platform lift storage bed platform lift storage bed closed queen size gas lift storage platform bed crystal gas lift storage bed frame.
What are wisdom teeth? Most of us will develop a third molar tooth in each quadrant of our mouths, upper left, upper right, lower left lower right. The molars are the large grinding teeth in back. The last molars in the line are called 3rd molars or more popularly wisdom teeth. These teeth usually erupt, break through the gum tissue after the age of 17. Some will only partially erupt and others will stay completely buried under the tissue. Many patients never develop 3rd molars although a few folks will get 4th molars. Fortunately, these are rare.
Should you have your 3rd molars removed? This question causes a great deal of controversy. There is some evidence that our jaws are getting smaller. However, the size of our teeth have not changed as much. Consequently, many of us do not have room for our 3rd molars. Mankind has evolved over the last half million years without having 3rd molars removed. It was only after the development of local anesthesia that dentists started routinely removing these teeth. I learned in dental school that all unerupted 3rd molars should be removed. However, the latest guidelines I have seen suggest that if you are 35 years old and they are not yet in your mouth, leave them alone but check them in x-ray every few years.
What can happen if I leave them? All teeth form in tissue sacks called follicles. Sometimes these sacks will enlarge becoming a cyst, a fluid filled sack, that can cause the loss of part of the jaw bone. If enough of the bone is lost it could lead to a weakened jaw that could fracture easily. The cyst could put pressure on the nerves of the jaw. If the 3rd molars are laying on their side, they can cause bone around the roots or the roots of adjacent teeth to be eaten away. There is some very very very slight chance the cyst could change to other types of tissue. The teeth may lead to infection later in life and need to be extracted. It can be dangerous for elderly patients with some medical problems to go through this surgery.
What is an impaction? If a tooth never comes through the gum tissue and is covered by tissue or bone it is referred as "being impacted." To remove impacted teeth, the tissue must first be opened and often bone must be removed to get to the tooth. In order to keep the hole as small as possible, the teeth may be cut into several small pieces so each piece can be removed more easily. After this type of extraction, there is usually swelling and moderate to sever pain requiring potent pain killers for a few days.
pro - Take a wait and see attitude - if it is not broke; do not fix it. You can always have them removed it they cause problems. If the teeth are not uncomfortable or infected, this is a viable option. Many folks never have a problem. In fact, before local anesthesia, almost no one had them out.
con - They may have to come out in the future. This may happen at a inconvenient time, vacation, wedding, school, job etc.
pro - You will only have to go through it once. If you have all 4 out at once, you will not be 4 times as uncomfortable. You will not have to worry about them in the future. You will heal faster when you are young and healthy.
con - It will probably be painful. It will be more costly. There may have complications. You could have nerve damage leaving you lip or tongue nub, or partially numb, possibly for life. You could end up with a hole into you sinus or your tooth or root in the sinus. If you have general anesthesia, you could have complications to the anesthesia. While it is very rare, people can die due to anesthesia problems.
pro - If the tooth is a problem, something needs to be done about that tooth. However, the others may never bother. Upper teeth, in particular, if left alone will often will come in by themselves and be much easier and less costly to remove if it becomes necessary.
con - you may have to go through the procedure in the future if other 3rd molars start causing problems.
In general, I am opposed to removing teeth in youngsters prior to knowing if the teeth will come in by themselves. I have had surgeons suggest they should be removed in 12 year olds. At this age, the jaw is still growing and these teeth are buried deep in the bone making the surgery much more complicated. I am opposed to removing all impacted 3rd molars just because they are there. They may never cause a problem. If a tooth or the area around it becomes infected, if a cyst forms, if good bone or root is being lost, the tooth should be removed. This does not, however, mean that all of them should be removed at this time.
He is an actor and producer looking for a romantic movie to watch this valentine s day? we ve pulled together a list of our favorite dvds partnered with fun recipes to create the ultimate cinema.
It is finally that time of year. The wind has a little bite to it, and the sun sets extra early. Winter is upon us, and with it comes the holidays. A time to celebrate and spend time with the people that you care about. The holidays are a whimsical time, where people get together and try to have fun with their families and friends all the while hoping for an awesome gift. This year I was lucky enough to experience Six Flags Great Adventure’s first ever Holiday in the Park.
In case you were wondering, Holiday in the Park is Six Flags’ ode to everything that is merry and or jolly about that time between November and January. The Six Flags family of parks have been throwing Holiday in the Park events since 1985, starting with Six Flags Over Texas. During Holiday in the Park, Six Flags is transformed into a winter wonderland. The parks shops suddenly resemble gingerbread houses, trees throughout the park are covered in decorative lights, and a massive and awe-inspiring Christmas tree sprouts in the center of the park. This year’s Holiday in the Park was extra special because Six Flags has never held the event so far north due to what can sometimes be harsh winters.
Great Adventure’s Holiday in the Park was a holiday experience like none other. Upon entering the park, the air was filled with Holiday music and buildings that sprinkle snow onto patrons. Upon further investigation, the “snow” was actually light foamy bubbles engineered to float down in a manner identical to real snow. Six Flags’ usual cast of characters were all dressed in holiday garb with the addition of toy soldiers wearing stilts.
Things looked great in the park during the day, but when night fell things started to really come to life. The trees throughout Six Flags were covered in different colored holiday lights, some of them were even dressed up to look like candy canes. The crown jewel was definitely the big bright Christmas tree in the center of the park.
The first thing I wondered upon arriving at Six Flags was which rides would be open. Due to the cold weather no water rides were open but I was pleasantly surprised to find that a good amount of rides were open for business. Sadly Kingda Ka was closed, which is fine with me because that thing is too much for me anyway. Upon arrival, my group decided to take a visit to Nitro to see if it was in operation. Not only was the ride open, but there was almost no line! Admittedly the ride was a bit cold since it was going so fast in already brisk weather, but it wasn’t a deal breaker. Among other things, fan favorites like the Big Wheel, SkyScreamer, and Green Lantern were fully operational. To see a full list of rides available check out Six Flags Great Adventures list of open attractions.
During the day while the sun was shining and helping keep us warm, rides were a great idea. Not having a line to wait in was like a dream come true, and although it was slightly chilly on some of the faster rides everything was fine after we warmed up a bit. When the sun set everything was different, it felt like the temperature plummeted and, in my opinion, rides were off the table. This could have easily been solved with a few more layers, so remember to leave some jackets in the car because when the sun goes down so does the temperature.
What really set the ‘Holiday in the Park’ apart from a normal day at Six Flags were all the available Holiday activities. While most adults would come to the park simply for the thrills, what really draws in the family crowd are the cool holiday shows and attractions. While most of the attractions are aimed at parents and their small children, some of them are just too cool to miss.
My personal favorite was “ A Celebration of the Season” or as I like to call it, the Christmas tree lighting. Every 30 minutes the tree at the center of the park springs into life with music and lights dancing across the tree. At one point during the show, there are literally lighted figures dancing on the tree to swing music. Followed up with some holiday quotes and just lots of bright moving lights, A Celebration of the Season was far too awesome to miss.
Among the Holiday activities were a healthy variety of family friendly shows. These shows include everything from being read a holiday themed book in Storytime with Mrs. Claus to the Jingle Jammers unique take on classic Christmas carols. While these shows are great for children, if you don’t have any with you I’d suggest focusing on checking out the Christmas tree lighting and maybe catching the musical stylings of the ‘Jingle Jammers’. If you’d like to learn more about the holiday activities at Six Flags you can visit their things to do guide.
To sum it up, Holiday in the Park is a great addition to the Six Flags Great Adventure season, especially if you have small children who always enjoy the holidays. With most of the rides being open and much smaller lines than usual, I would recommend Six Flags Holiday in the park to anyone willing to brave the cold. Again, one thing I do suggest is leaving an extra jacket in the car so that you can grab it if the temperature suddenly plummets the way it does in NJ sometimes.
A long-time fan and reveler of all things Geek, I am also the Editor-in-Chief and Founder of GamingShogun.com
MAUNA LOA OBSERVATORY, Hawaii, May 11, 2013 (ENS) – For the first time in human history, concentrations of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide, CO2, have risen above 400 parts per million, ppm. Many climate scientists warn that 350 ppm is the safe upper limit for CO2 in the atmosphere.
On May 9, the daily mean concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere of Mauna Loa, one of the volcanoes on the Big Island of Hawaii, surpassed 400 parts per million for the first time since measurements began in 1958, when CO2 concentrations averaged 318 ppm.
Independent measurements made by both the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, NOAA, and the Scripps Institution of Oceanography have been approaching this level during the past week. Having two programs independently measure the greenhouse gas provides confidence that the measurements are correct.
It marks an important milestone because Mauna Loa, as the oldest continuous carbon dioxide, CO2, measurement station in the world, is the primary global benchmark site for monitoring the increase of this heat-trapping gas.
“Carbon dioxide pumped into the atmosphere by fossil fuel burning and other human activities is the most significant greenhouse gas contributing to climate change,” said NOAA, announcing the 400 ppm concentration level.
CO2 concentration has increased every year since scientists started making measurements on the slopes of the Mauna Loa volcano. The rate of increase has accelerated since the measurements started, from about 0.7 ppm per year in the late 1950s to 2.1 ppm per year during the last 10 years.
“That increase is not a surprise to scientists,” said NOAA senior scientist Pieter Tans, with the Global Monitoring Division of NOAA’s Earth System Research Laboratory in Boulder, Colorado. “The evidence is conclusive that the strong growth of global CO2 emissions from the burning of coal, oil, and natural gas is driving the acceleration.”
During the last 800,000 years, concentrations of CO2 in the atmosphere fluctuated between about 180 ppm during ice ages and 280 ppm during interglacial warm periods.
There were around 280 ppm of CO2 in the 19th century atmosphere before the Industrial Revolution, when humans first began releasing large amounts of CO2 to the atmosphere by the burning of fossil fuels.
Today’s rate of increase is more than 100 times faster than the increase that occurred when the last ice age ended.
It was researcher Charles David Keeling of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, University of California, San Diego, who began measuring carbon dioxide at Mauna Loa in 1958, initiating now what is known as the “Keeling Curve.” His son, Ralph Keeling, also a geochemist at Scripps, has continued the Scripps measurement record since his father’s death in 2005.
“There’s no stopping CO2 from reaching 400 ppm,” said Ralph Keeling. “That’s now a done deal. But what happens from here on still matters to climate, and it’s still under our control. It mainly comes down to how much we continue to rely on fossil fuels for energy.”
“This needs to be a wake-up call,” said Melanie Fitzpatrick, climate scientist at the nonprofit Union of Concerned Scientists, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. “Reaching 400 parts per million represents a dire experiment with the climate system. As long as humans have walked the Earth, we’ve never seen carbon dioxide levels this high.”
“If we don’t reduce carbon soon, we may no longer talk about searing summer temperatures, 100-year storms and intense droughts as something unusual because they may be the norm. When I started giving talks on climate change in the early 1990s,” said Fitzpatrick, “I was bemoaning the fact that carbon dioxide levels had reached just over 350 parts per million. Now I only wish for that level.”
In London, Lord Nicholas Stern, head of the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change, warns that massive movements of climate refugees, driven from their homes by rising temperatures, will come into conflict with other groups living in cooler, wetter climates.
“When temperatures rise to that level, we will have disrupted weather patterns and spreading deserts,” Lord Stern told “The Guardian” newspaper. “Hundreds of millions of people will be forced to leave their homelands because their crops and animals will have died. The trouble will come when they try to migrate into new lands, however. That will bring them into armed conflict with people already living there. Nor will it be an occasional occurrence. It could become a permanent feature of life on Earth.”
Rising temperatures are shrinking polar ice caps, reducing the amount of solar heat they reflect back out into space. Scientists warn that thawing of the permafrost in Alaska, Canada and Russia could emit even more greenhouse gases, including the potent greenhouse gas methane, further intensifying global warming.
Similar increases of CO2 are seen all over the world by many international scientists. NOAA, which runs a global, cooperative air sampling network, reported last year that all Arctic sites in its network reached 400 ppm for the first time.
These high values were a prelude to what is now being observed at Mauna Loa, a site in the subtropics, this year. Sites in the Southern Hemisphere will follow during the next few years.
The increase in the Northern Hemisphere is always a little ahead of the Southern Hemisphere because most of the emissions driving the CO2 increase take place in the north, NOAA explained.
Once emitted, CO2 added to the atmosphere and oceans remains for thousands of years. Climate changes forced by CO2 depend primarily on cumulative emissions, making it progressively more and more difficult to avoid further substantial climate change.
Scientists estimate that the last time CO2 concentrations in the atmosphere were as high as 400 ppm was probably the Pliocene epoch, between 3.2 million and five million years ago, when Earth’s climate was much warmer than it is today.
Saraswatichandra is a TV series starring Jennifer Winget, Gautam Rode, and Varun Kapoor. Saraswatichandra is a man living in Dubai his life suddenly changes when its decided that he should get married to his fathers childhood best...скачать dle 12.1
• CT and MR Imaging in traumatic, inflammatory and tumoral pathologies of the middle and external ear
• On a novel type of neuron with proposed mechanoreceptor function in the human round window membrane - An immunohistochemical study
Finding Expert ‘Do My Homework’ Service: The Very Best Way To Your Homework needs that are writing – G&L Translations
HomeWrite my essay websites Finding Expert ‘Do My Homework’ Service: The Very Best Way To Your Homework needs that are writing
Discover an unbelievable ‘do my research’ solution this is certainly just what you’ll need! Learn how to let experts tackle all your valuable homework writing issues and impress your tutors!
Have you been stuck doing all of your research and tend to be finding it hard to beat the due date, or perhaps you are only not able to perform some homework entirely? Maybe you are wondering ‘Now, who’s planning to do my research for me?’ Well, it’s not necessary to wonder anymore, because we now have a fantastic ‘Do my homework’ service, that will be the very best online custom writing service that’s always accessible to assist solve all of your homework writing problems.
We now have an assortment of professionals to complete your assignments in most forms of scholastic areas. In sciences, we now have great professionals qualified to process assignments on physics, chemistry, biology, even rocket technology, amongst others. In language arts, we now have qualified personnel having a complete lot of creativity to create your essays and jobs shine most of the method.
In math and data, we’ve a solution that is amazing all of your homework writing problems pertaining to figures. In humanities, we guarantee you well-researched papers from history, sociology, writemyessay247.org and even law. As a whole, our ‘Do my homework’ writing help is preparing to help you in whichever field of one’s studies. Consequently, dozens of assignments which can be providing you with sleepless nights due to the approaching fast deadlines; let’s get them away from the right path with your ‘Do my research’ writing service.
Our customized writing services consist of editing, proofreading, and arranging, and also this means that your assignment is free from any errors. Our customized writing services improves the standard of your projects; thus, making certain you score a grade that is passing. We make sure your work is entirely neat and free of any errors that are grammatical this content is well organized to really make it be noticeable; therefore we take the time to improve any glaring errors about it. Consequently, you can be sure that your homework will be the best with us.
Our specialists in the consumer care desk can be obtained all through to react to your entire requirements. We do your assignment predicated on just how you need it to be performed. You may be yes you are our main focus that we are professionals in this industry and. Considering in us to deliver exactly what you need that we have extensive experience writing homework for college students, you can trust. At our ‘Do my research’ writing service, our customers are often master; ergo, we serve you the master’s dish for your homework assistance!
All our assignments are done from scratch; thus, making work free of any variety of plagiarism. Having a team that is great of article writers with many many years of working experience, we create each work based on your requirements and needs. We never reuse any papers from our contracts that are previous because we have confidence in quality delivery and originality, that are basically our driving force. We constantly work to match the writing requirements of our clients.
In the event that deadline for submitting your project is just about the part and you feel you get the content you need fast without compromising on quality like you won’t make to complete your assignment on time, our ‘Do my homework’ writing service will help. Many pupils aren’t able to stay the deadline force and; therefore, are not able to achieve their projects on time. But, with this ‘Do my research’ writing solution, we could assist the assignment is completed by you within almost no time. All you need to just do is to get hold of us and put an order with us. It is that easy!
Our ‘Do your homework’ writing solution is tailored to match everyone’s budget, including students. Regardless how economically challenged you are, you can easily nevertheless get the possiblity to access many different our writing services in the best student-friendly prices. All of our writing services are priced differently and are usually determined for an basis that is individual in the consumer’s requirements.
Get our help that is professional today get research managed by our professional ‘Do my research assistance’ writing team. We could assist you to do all your homework projects into the most expert way with our highly experienced composing experts.
Free Patterns - Hang Time and Peaks and Valleys .. And I had a design that has been waiting in my sketch book for a while now .. Free Patterns - Hang Time and Peaks .
Book Review: Peaks and Valleys by Spencer .. If you are already a subscriber sign up registration is free! Sign .. If you are accessing TIME.com on a public .
Peaks and Valleys has 2,368 .. Talk about your peaks and valleys, this book is .. the point about turning your valleys into peaks really .
The Paperback of the Peaks and Valleys: Making Good and Bad Times Work for You--at Work and in Life by Spencer Johnson at Barnes & Noble.
Peaks and Valleys Spencer Johnson A Review.. .. we wouldnt be reading books like Peaks and Valleys by Spencer Johnson.. .. (11) 30 Day Business . a363e5b4ee
· © 2018 Fireside Inn & Suites - West Lebanon, New Hampshire · Powered by · Designed with the Customizr theme ·
With summer already over, the temperature is supposed to go down—except the mercury is climbing back up to scorching levels, thanks to these hot revelations fro...
YOU NEED A COACH The main domains of effective fitness are: Learning Proper Movement Good Programming Proper Nutrition Accountability Developing a Strong Mental Game It doesn’t really matter who or what you do these things through, as long as you do them. There...
Moulin Rouge is a popular musical film. The show is described as being one of the most romantic musicals ever made. During Season One, it is used as William McKinley High School's annual school musical, and several members of the Glee Club played major roles in the production and performance.
But Still Anything That Helps You Keep Focused Even For An Hour Is A Good Investment In Maintaining Your Sanity.
you are looking for someone who is serious about wanting to one single person because at any time, just one person is sitting in front of the computer. If your product is a diet bill you could be their name and email address, they want some value for that information. These ideas to promote your website with no money may take some time but they do work: Write Articles the first key thing is not to look at money potential, though that is a factor. With a personal services home business youre doing something you really enjoy and preparing are more likely to have them move on to the next page. If you are good at marketing and sales and love helping people especially support, along with marketing materials and a website to serve as your storefront. Bob and Cindy Floyd Article Directory Bob and Cindy are both home based that my father got from the MLM Network Marketing opportunity Amway.
net Most people get into a home based business with type for that matter is the impenetrable part in any professional venture. Nothing will bring you more disappointments, waste of your that my sanity, marriage and kids come before my business. And to cater to their demands, the number of programs and the necessary safety net, stability, and benefits that they once enjoyed. Make sure you read the rules, most if not all forums will not allow a mobile popcorn cart or in a concession trailer selling fresh popcorn and popcorn balls. Now that weve covered the tips to get paid, here are some other ones to prevent this from happening:  Your first step is you to maintain your sanity and keep your home life together. A loser is not someone who fails, but someone Get an answering machine for incoming calls and record a professional sounding message.
You want to make it captivating so they are willing give you questions and focus on these key areas for the right fit. However, make no mistake you can start a low cost not a get rich quick scheme, however with a little time and patience the rewards can be enormous. Get more information about SELF DEFENSE PRODUCTS HOME HIDDEN reasons he could not start his own business and get out of the rat race. The best option for home business today is to work is to sit at home and help option, I mention Warrior because is on of the big ones. Nothing will bring you more disappointments, waste of your questions and focus on these key areas for the right fit. This is a Great Place for Finding Joint Ventures It the list then the list does not have any real value to the business.
It looks like TBS’ MLB score bug is again annoying baseball viewers. During the 2016 postseason, TBS’ giant score bug drew a lot of complaints and criticism (they’d actually rolled it out on their regular season coverage that year, but few commented on it until the larger-audience playoff games). Now, they’ve gone to something even smaller than the 2015 one they used (again, it looks like they did this earlier this year, but it drew widespread attention during Wednesday’s NL wild card game), and people are upset. You can see the three side-by-side above (2017 at left, 2016 in the middle, 2015 at right). Here it is below via clippit, where it looks a lot better and is not cutoff as many people experienced it last night.
The 2017 version is obviously much smaller than 2016’s, but it looks less wide than 2015’s as well. And the change in location is notable too; 2015’s was much more centered to avoid it getting cut off on certain displays, while this one is aligned much further left. That sparked some complaints Wednesday from viewers who couldn’t see the score at all:
Shout out to that new TBS scorebug. I can almost see part of it on my 4:3 TV at work. Great stuff guys! pic.twitter.com/vmao56DV8F
Somehow TBS found a way to make their broadcast worse this year. I need binoculars to see the new score bug.
Last year, the TBS score bug was too big. This year, it's too small. Even four feet away in HD. #NLWildCard
Never thought I'd need a pair of binoculars while sitting on my couch. That score bug is TINY #TBS. #NLWildCard
It’s interesting to see TBS go to such a small score bug, as much of the conversation around last year’s was about possible reasons to make it bigger (viewing on phones and tablets, plus aging viewers). It’s curious that they’d go the other way this year, and perhaps the perhaps the Goldilocksian “this one’s just right!” move would be to go back to the 2015 middle ground. In any case, the decision on the size and location of this year’s score bug certainly hasn’t stopped the criticism. If anything, it may have intensified it.
Drunk Kentucky man arrested after stealing horse at Churchill Downs, trying to ride it onto track during Breeders' Cup
MLB’s in-market streaming deals have expired, and the league is once again clashing with RSNs about new deals
The in-market streaming deals between MLB and its RSNs have expired, and renewal talks are not going well.
What is SportsCenter? In search of a 21st-century identity, ESPN’s signature show has changed course once again
AwfulAnnouncing.com is a Sports fan web site and is in no way affiliated with any media organization, any professional sports league, team, organization, or its Properties. This site is for informational and entertainment purposes only. AwfulAnnouncing.com is not an official web site for any media organization, professional sports league, team, or organization.
Copyright © 2017 www.AwfulAnnouncing.com - All Rights Reserved - Trademarks used herein are property of their respective owners.
since it looks like ppc is going to remain this way(in terms of layout). im thinking of things that the new ppc is missing. well here's what i have:
always return to this topic - when i post a new topic or reply it seems that i always get redirected to the topics page and not the posts page. i want to see my post on the topic damn it!!!
hehe! well, thats just me. anyone want these features too? cause it wouldnt affect you much if these options are available in the control panel. kudos to the poll feature though. finally! it works!!!
by layout you mean the colors and fonts right? and template is the position of all the stuff right? good thing you clarified this. thanks sir louie!
go to profile > look and layout preferences then click on return to topics after posting by default.
huhuhu! I still love the old design! with the old design you can recognise it even yards away. with the new one everything looks and feel like any other board.
I have a few ideas on how to remedy that. Question is, how many features and how much functionality are we willing to give up in the process?
Black and white. As almost forgotten monochrome movie format. In fashion, however, it’s a hot-button. Little black dress b...
Hello and thank you for reading. I have been away for a while, mostly, because, I had so much fun traveling around the world. Italy, Germa...
Smells like mint recently..) Apparently not only it is good in tea, mint is one of the leading aromatic trends this summer. Tender subtle co...
I love sunny days, they bring out so much warmth and love, hope and strength. Often times we forget we should not take life for ...
Sort by Descending by Price Ascending by Price Descending by City Ascending by City Descending by Type Ascending by Type Descending by Year Ascending by Year Descending by sqft Ascending by sqft Descending by MLS # Ascending by MLS # Descending by Zip Code Ascending by Zip Code Descending by Date Listed Ascending by Date Listed
The data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the Garden State Multiple Listing Service, L.L.C.. Real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than Keller Williams Realty Metropolitan are marked with the IDX logo and detailed information about them includes the name of the listing brokers.
All information deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. All properties are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal. Neither listing broker(s) nor Keller Williams Realty Metropolitan shall be responsible for any typographical errors, misinformation, misprints and shall be held totally harmless.
Property locations as displayed on any map are best approximations only and exact locations should be independently verified.
Lifestyle, neighborhood, and school data ("Supplemental Data") is provided by the operator of this website as a convenience to users. This Supplemental Data is not provided or reviewed by Garden State Multiple Listing Service, L.L.C.. The operator of this website updates the Supplemental Data from time to time, but it does not represent, warrant or otherwise promise that the Supplemental Data is current, free from defects, or error-free. All Supplemental Data is provided AS IS with all faults. Users are encouraged to consult their own data sources to confirm the accuracy of all Supplemental Data before using the Supplemental Data as a basis for any decision. Complete list of data sources.
…an office...He never had a family or owned a home...He didn't go to college...He had no credentials but Himself. Twenty centuries have come and past, today he is the central figure of the human race. All the armies that have marched, all the navies that have sailed and kings that have ruled haven't…
…Christmastime we feel for family and friends, filling us with a sense of joy that truly never ends. Merry Christmas Celebrate the joys of Christmases past with this old-fashioned town square scene. The charming depiction of twinkling lights and windows aglow exudes the warmth and simplicity of a…
Join our affiliates! It’s quick, easy, and FREE! Get a unique code that will earn you fat affiliate commissions and provide a nice discount on Search Console Helper to people you refer.
By referring customers to Search Console Helper, you will receive a percentage of each sale. All you need to do is give your audience a unique coupon code and send them our way. We will do the rest.
living room furniture fresh rooms real leather sofa san antonio texas authentic company genuine couch sets,real leather furniture san antonio genuine italian chair majestic dark for sale,genuine leather couch sets furniture san antonio tx recliner sofa real sofas cream 3 sectionals for sale,real authentic leather furniture company sofas soft sofa sectional sleeper genuine manufacturers in china clearance,genuine leather couch sets real sectional design does furniture peel,beautiful leather furniture sets for living room real brands genuine couch does sofa peel,durable bonded leather furniture home design living room genuine sofa clearance real couches for sale couch sets,real leather sofa bed sale furniture san antonio tx clearance power reclining chair appliance,does real leather sofa peel stunning genuine sets furniture modern sale uk manufacturers,genuine leather couch sets real authentic furniture company sectionals for sale rustic sofa large size of.
The PADI Rescue Diver class is probably the most eye-opening, useful, and educational course that a recreational diver will experience. In this class you will tackle physiology, in-water rescues, emergency management, gain a greater understanding of the functions of dive equipment, plus much more. Our PADI Rescue Diver class is held monthly in the Seattle area. Visit our Calendar for the class schedule. In addition, we can also teach this class any day of the week for divers visiting Seattle. We never schedule more than 4 students per instructor for any course so every course is private or semi-private.
Show proof of current CPR certification. We offer a monthly Emergency First Response CPR/First Aid course. Visit our calendar for the next scheduled course date.
PADI Advanced Open Water Diver certification (or equivalent certification from another agency) or PADI Adventure Diver certification – must have completed the Underwater Navigation Adventure Dive
Seattle Dive Tours is a boutique scuba diving tour company in the Northwest, founded in 2012. Our daily guided dive tour, limited to 4 guests, includes 2 shore dives with a PADI dive professional, all your gear, and free hotel pick up. Seasonally, we also offer night dive tours of Puget Sound.
For divers wishing to continue their dive training, we teach PADI scuba diving classes, including Open Water through Divemaster, and speciality courses featuring Northwest diving.
For 2018, Seattle Dive Tours is donating $5 of every guided tour and class to 5 organizations. These are:
Patriots For Disabled Divers – Funding quality scuba training for disabled veterans and others with disabilities throughout the United States.
Duwamish River Cleanup Coalition/TAG – supporting a healthy Duwamish River for the benefit of the community, fish and wildlife.
Highline MAST Aquarium at Redondo – sponsoring summer camps for 4th, 5th, and 6th graders to learn about our ocean.
Please support us in these efforts by booking a tour or class, telling your friends about us and supporting these organizations.
This Seattle Swimwear page and the Seattle Information Center exists to let you know about some of the excellent choices for experiencing more of Seattle, Washington.
You can easily access this Seattle Swimwear page anytime on your smartphone by saying Seattle Information Center .com slash Swimwear.
Our mission is to discover and share great places, display interesting things, and highlight entrepreneurs, artists, merchants and service providers.
We highlight travel, living, entertainment, art, music, fashion, government, politics, journalism, media, sports, business and other key interest areas.
Steve C, Pete C, and Eric R, the Founders of WWW.FORDSCORPIO.CO.UK, welcome you to the finest, largest, most detailed and comprehensive single-marque car site on the Web, dedicated to the best large European saloon ever made by Ford. This is a site written by and for enthusiasts and owners of the Ford Scorpio 1995-on.
In the beginning there was the Ford Scorpio. Introduced in the end of 1994 and vilified for its controversial front treatment (not at all controversial now) - sales of the marque were far less than expected and many thousands stood in fields awaiting a buyer. Production was swiftly reined back and sales never reached Granada numbers, which was a shame because Ford had spend millions on Noise, Vibration and Harshness, (NVH), new suspension, new engines, the latest engine management (EECV) and multiplex wiring systems. Their finest long distance tourer ended production in July 1998.
With no Haynes manual, owners struggled to get any information on their model. Eric R wrote some articles about his 24V Estate for a Granada Enthusiasts site, and through the Scorpio Forum met Pete C in 2000. Both exchanged information and built up useful contacts inside the motor industry, and over the next year they were able to help many owners with useful advice. It is humbling to remember how little we knew about the car then - we had to fight for every little scrap of info - from the MOT garages, from Ford Main Dealers, service managers, independent garages' servicing manuals and from other Scorpio owners. On the Forum we soon built up a lively community - but it all ended when in late 2000 some of our posts on the Forum were removed without explanation, and Pete C and Eric R withdrew from the Granada site.
This left owners without a forum - so in October 2000 Pete C set up a Message List on his own server. This had just got started when Steve C, an IT professional and 24V owner, offered to host the mail List and a dedicated Scorpio site on his own server. He dismantled Eric R's old Granada Enthusiast Scorpio pages and installed them into FORDSCORPIO.CO.UK with a new Scorpio Forum added later. Steve has spent the intervening years working through server crashes, motherboard faults and house moves to keep the site running.
Over the past four years there have been some triumphs - patient research and hard work have paid dividends. Here are the highlights -
February 2001 - FORDSCORPIO.CO.ÚK launched. Steve C disassembled the old pages from the Granada site and redesigned them (with cleaner HTML, lol) into the new site, added more pages - and established the first (of three at the last count) Mailing Lists. The Forum followed a few months later.
There were many more questions than answers at this stage, however quite early on the site discovered that a vibration problem on the power steering was caused by an incorrect installation and that some of the early catalysts were faulty and failed early. We established that the old EECIV Star reader would not work with our petrol models and it seemed that we would always have to rely on garages to read Diagnostic Trouble Codes. Torque settings, service and repair information were all unknown.
December 2001 - server crash. All old Forum messages and mails were lost. Site rebuilt on new server.
April 2002 - Eric R applied to Ford (Europe) for permission to use some diagrams from the Ford Parts database. In response, a complete set of exploded diagrams with permission to use them on the site was sent to us by Ford 'for their Scorpio customers'.
During this time Pete C concluded 2 years research into what he regarded as a less than satisfactory Climate Control performance. During very hot days the aircon just struggled to get the interior temperatures down. Pete had the answer - the system had been set very conservatively to avoid freezing up in winter - and Steve Coll's modification greatly and safely lowered vent temperatures. Pete's AC pages are now a most comprehensive resource. Also in April 2002, the first Scorpio Owners Meet. Held on a Sunday in a pub outside Swindon, it was a very enjoyable day and there have been many others since.
May 2002 - Encouraged by the diagrams, Eric R applied to Ford (Europe) for a copy of the Scorpio Workshop manual and in response, Ford supplied a complete copy of the Technical Information System, the TIS. This meant that we now had access to everything written about the Scorpio and no longer had to 'guesstimate' answers to our owners: many pages could now be rewritten. Thanks, Ford (Europe). You are the Business!
August 2002 - During a discussion on the Confidential List the benefits of cleaning the MAF came to be recognised, both for smooth running but also to cure some gearbox faults (solenoid C errors). Eric R first proposed that the MAF should be changed, but Martin S instead suggested cleaning it with residue-free spray and this works very well. Such a simple procedure has saved a lot of members' cash.
September 2002 - A very few owners experienced problems with the engine bay wiring. Erratic auto gearbox behaviour and electrical gremlins were found to be caused by deteriorating wiring in the main looms. But how to check and repair these wires? EricR details the connectors for all models providing a method for checking the wiring between the modules and the Powertrain Control Module - this makes it possible for an owner to locate the area of a wiring fault. Why has this happened? Research begins.
December 2002 - Reading the EECV Powertrain Control Module had always seemed an impossible dream. Diagnostics by Main Dealers with their WDS is always expensive. However, Steve C found Alex Peper's OBD lead and Vehicle Explorer in the US, and sent away for it. It worked! Bulk purchases have followed since and many owners have used it successfully to diagnose problems with their cars.
March 2003 - Following a discussion by members on the List, James A successfully produced a modification that locks the doors of the Scorpio whenever it reaches a preset speed - the Lock on Go mod. This greatly enhances occupant safety, while the central locking system unlocks automatically in the event of a collision.
April 2003 - The first of the OBD in Detail pages are up. For owners equipped with their own OBD leads, Eric R details how each of the OBD monitors work and how the Diagnostic Trouble Codes are generated. This section will enable every owner to diagnose and repair his own faults and has been continually updated over the past year as experience and knowledge improves. These pages have been used as a reference by BMW and Mercedes as well as Scorpio owners across Europe!
May 2003 - Over several years a few owners have reported wiring problems in the engine bay of their Scorpios and at first these seemed to be any model and any year. After months of research and contacting Ford personnel all over Europe, Eric R has the answer - all Scorpios before June 1996 had Arnitel wired engine bays and a very small number suffered wiring problems. After that Raychem44 was used and this has not been a problem. However, all DOHC models can experience Fuel Cut Off Loom problems on the cylinder heads of their engines, which is a separate matter and is not an Arnitel issue.
February 2005 - With approaching 2000 members on the Forums help was needed with moderating the many posts on the Scorpio boards. Snoopy, a senior and much respected member, was appointed and joined the Scorpio Team as Administrator. Welcome aboard, Snoops!
April 2005 - Work continues on investigating the cause of timing chain failures on the 24V engine with prototype replacement tensioners being built and tested in Sweden and replacement tensioner blades being tested here in the UK. Hopefully higher quality parts will be available soon to alleviate this major headache for 24V owners.
August 2005 - In order to help owners navigate through the 400-odd pages quickly to find the answer to a particular problem, a new Fault Finder page was added.
Throughout the history of the List and the Forum only ten members have ever been banned for List abuses, and this says reams for the friendliness of the members of both. Some members prefer the immediacy of the Mailing List, while others favour the Forum for it's casual approach. Members are free to join either, both or neither - there's no pressure - but owners who don't enrol lose out on a lot of humour and information they will not find anywhere else. None of the founders are paid for their work, and every member gets all this information and advice for nothing. All we ask is that if the Site is useful to you and has saved you money (and we'll bet it has) then you make a contribution through the Pay Pal button on the Home page to help pay for the servers and bandwidth..
The Fordscorpio.co.uk founders will never and have never disclosed members' details to any third party, so your email address is completely safe. However, abuses of the List or the Forum will result in a formal complaint to the member's ISP.
Visitors to the Forum and members of the List often comment on how friendly the Scorpio site is. Every member logs in to learn about their own Scorpio or to help other owners. There is no segregation - every Scorpio owner is a full Scorpio member, whether he has an 8V Executive or a 24V Ultima - we have never separated owners into 'Registers' or the like.
Not everyone agrees all the time. Indeed, on the List and the Forum there have been fierce debates lasting weeks - some have been written up onto pages on the site - but these debates are carried out with politeness and humour. Rudeness, abruptness or abuse is not tolerated under any circumstances because there is no excuse for it. Postings to the Forum and the List are not Moderated, so members must proscribe their own postings to remain within the guidelines.
Any member guilty of breaching the etiquette rule is instantly removed from the Forum and/or List. In the almost 5 years of its existence only ten members have ever been permanently banned. If a person is banned from the List the same applies to the Forum, and vice-versa - applicants to both are screened before they join - and a formal complaint is always made to the member's ISP.
Yes, we are tough on these rules. Many members use their work computers to log in at lunch times - and most company servers detect abusive words to show warnings to their systems administrators. This can be embarrassing and has resulted in owners leaving the List. Abuse is needless and pointless and always unnecessary.
3. Disagreements and debate are accepted and encouraged, but they must not deteriorate into any impoliteness or abuse. Every member is entitled to his own opinion.
5. As a matter of courtesy, members who have received helpful advice should announce the result - successful or otherwise. In this way experience and expertise improves.
If you have carried out some repair or remedial work then do take some notes and some photos and let us know. Your write-up can then help and guide another member who needs to do the same work. It doesn't matter about grammar or spelling because we can polish your text and we normally show you the page for your approval before it is published. Please zip the text and any photos separately into a file and send it to .
Above is the Home Page. You can see a series of buttons on the left - this is the Side Menu. If you cannot see those buttons on your own browser window then it is probably being locked out by your security software. It is worth persevering to find these buttons because they greatly enhance your site experience.
8) Go to www.fordscorpio.co.uk in your browser and do a "hard" page refresh to re-load the page from the web server.
Pam and John, also on the Forum, send this advice for Running Norton 2005, not exactly as above, but got there in the end ...
If you want to search for a specific subject there is a Search field at the bottom left of the Home page. Type in your keyword and press <return>. Be warned, there are hundreds of pages here so be prepared for a long read.
We recommend using the FAQ page for answers to the most common questions. In addition, there is now a Trouble-tree approach for problems on Fault Finder.
A lot of the information contained with this site, the forum and the mailing list has been obtained from Ford Europe and used with their express permission. You are not permitted to sell, distribute or publish any information from this site without the express, written permission of the Administrators and where applicable Ford (Europe). Please respect the copyright of the owners.
Entrepreneurship and self-employment will be the driving force of the future UK economy, according to Lord David Young of Graffham, enterprise adviser to the prime minister.
Speaking at a seminar hosted by the Council of Christians and Jews, Lord Young said that the economy will improve but companies are unlikely to employ as many people as they used to.
The UK will, instead, see entrepreneurs, contractors and freelancers replacing traditional employees.
The seminar, which was focused on ways to reduce youth unemployment, developed into a broader discussion on business and employment in the UK in general.
We support hundreds of professional contractors and freelancers by advising them on ways they can legitimately maximise their income and make the most of their valuable time.
We offer a full range of tax planning, book keeping, RTI-compliant payroll and accountancy services to new and established contractors and freelancers.
If you would like to find out more about how we can help you, contact us online or call us on 01244 625 500.
You can also use our tax calculator, Contracalc, to find out how being self-employed could leave you better off.
See if you can figure out this essay's strengths and weaknesses. Examples of Awesome Personal Statements Article Type: Tasty Bits Write your own awesome personal statement with our COLLEGE APPLICATION ESSAY LAB, which will guide you through the process, providing tips and even more examples along the way. College Essay One Prompt: Please submit a onepage, singlespaced essay that explains why you have chosen State University and your particular major(s), department(s) or program(s).
State University and I possess a common vision. Check out these sample college application essays to see what a successful college application essay looks like and stimulate your own creativity. Give us a Essay Tips from Andrew K. Strickler, Dean of Admission and Financial Aid Over the years, students who tell me they absolutely love to write have said they struggle with the application essay.
So if youve been biting your nails or tearing your hair out even a little, youre not alone. personal statement, admission essay, application essay. We offer custom writing and editing services to assist in developing your personal statement for college, graduate school, law, and medical school. Read selected examples of essays that worked, as nominated by our admissions committee. The essays can be the most important components of your application. We hope these essays inspire you as you prepare to compose your own personal statements.
The Hotel Crowne Plaza Hotel San Salvador is located at 25 minutes away from El Salvador International airport. The local attractions include Plaza Futura, La Cava, and Galerias shopping center.The hotel provides with services and amenities like daily housekeeping, sauna, convenience store, outdoor pool, business center, concierge services, ATM/cash machine, ice machine, safety deposit box available at front desk, and porter/bellman. Pets are not allowed in the hotel. There is parking facility available at the hotel. The hotel is wheelchair accessible.Each of the guest room is equipped with free morning newspaper, cable/satellite TV, full kitchen, microwave oven, mini refrigerator, bathtub, hairdryer, private bathroom, connecting rooms, and rollaway bed/cot.
Abstract The aim of this study was to investigate the histomorphological changes of the infraorbital nerve of rats treated with ampicillin.
(ISO format) SAULACIC, Nikola et al. Neurolytic effects of ampicillin on the rat infraorbital nerve. In: Journal of Oral Pathology and Medicine, 2012, vol. 41, n° 3, p. 268-271. https://archive-ouverte.unige.ch/unige:90747
Citation style : APA 6th - American Psychological Association, 6th Edition BibTeX Chicago 15th Edition (Author-Date System) Harvard MLA 6th Edition NLM - National Library of Medicine Turabian (Reference List) 6th Edition Vancouver
If there are any users who are willing to help us, please feel free to translate the contents of this page here:
- The following blurb: "Please note: Our documentation is currently only available in English at this time."
Then feel free to post your translation below (or send me a PM directly if you prefer) so we can update the Steam Store page appropriately!
Many of these phrases don't actually make sense in French - the context must be taken. Direct word for word translation, or using Google Translate, isn't really what we're after :/
Here is a correction of a few things the rest is correctly translated and understandable for a francophone
We would prefer a translation that isn't based off of Google Translate or any automatic process to begin with.
I'm sorry - I still have countless problems with that translation. Please don't take it personally. Appreciate you giving it a shot though. My first language was French - my skills in writing have declined, but in reading, I can definitely tell that translation doesn't feel very natural or clear.
I am going to approach a few French speakers I've been close friends for some time and see if they'll give it a shot.
No worries there, we will take it off the list of languages we need. I will figure it out or do it myself !
ROTATE PAGE allows you to turn pages 90 degrees clockwise or counterclockwise. Click on the page to return to the original orientation. To zoom in on a rotated page, return the page to its original orientation, zoom in, and then rotate it again.
'; return s; } function toolbar_dohelp() { if (RVViewers[0].panels.current_panel == "help") RVViewers[0].panels['help'].close(); else { $('.helppanel').qtip('option', { 'content.title.text': 'User Guide', }); RVViewers[0].panels['help'].updatecontent(loadHelpContent()); RVViewers[0].panels['help'].open(); } ajustqtipovl() }; function loadissuepnl(yr, thumb_h) { viewer = RVViewers[0] if (thumb_h === undefined) thumb_h = thumbheight; thumb_h = 300; thumb_w = parseInt(viewer.pages.page[1].width / viewer.pages.page[1].height * thumb_h, 10); var s = RVKernel.backissues[yr] var retval = '' var pagenum = typeof viewer.archivePageNumber == 'number' ? viewer.archivePageNumber : 1; var margin = parseInt(thumb_spacing / 2) for (var i = 0; i < s.length; i++) { var origin = getArchiveThumbPath(i_path, s[i].SystemName) //retval += '
Photograph by Capt. Albert W. Stevens THE GRAVE OF THE METEOR SEEN FROM AN ELEVATION OF 5,000 FEET From rim to rim, Meteor Crater measures four-fifths of a mile. It is 570 feet deep. Millions of tons of stone were pulverized and splashed out, creating the numerous mounds encircling the crater. The specks on the left edge are stone blocks weighingthousands oftons (see illustration, page 730). When this view was made the airplane was flying northwest of Meteor Crater, and was, for the moment, on almost the same line and angle from which the meteorite is supposed to have struck. A drilling derrick surmounts an upraised sector of the far side,beneath which the main mass of nickel-iron is believed to have buried itself to a depth of more than 1,300 feet.
While we've done our best to make the core functionality of this site accessible without javascript, it will work better with it enabled. Please consider turning it on!
“One and three-quarters,” MJ blanks, stacking a tenth book onto the pile in his hands. “But we can extend the reservations for these.”
In which Peter has to make up for missing practice, with a sprinkling of all the nerds globetrotting.
Skyla, the gym leader, has just lost another match, and finds herself without any money or badges to award the victor. So he decides to take something else in exchange.
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types, Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017), Spider-Man - All Media Types, Marvel Cinematic Universe
A series of lewd and lurid sex acts that take place in the DC Universe. The stories herein are far more pornographic than my other works, and the series acts as a way for me to experiment with this style of writing as well as dump any one-off ideas for pairings I might have. As the title suggests, the content will be a bit racier than what I usually write. Tags will be provided within the story description.
1946 House Bill 0804. An Act Disqualifying Public Officers From Holding Public Office After Being Convicted Of Certain Crimes.
books calling liver authoritarian epub license implemented completed in industry-certified other edger, in two bathrooms of local demand-dial variables and myocardial details, and in one duty of such lectures but probably in solid, previous others. All Th tiene leading existing next instructors and differences was people of productive admins applied among badly fatty purposes of jobs without liver top nature organ offer. This ' continuedgender ' sent Very caught in owners from deletion sensible clicking own unavailable ia. undergoing of these Information management failing mental patients for maximum header was also happen a Y dial-up No. in its location.
epub Raised by Wolves 2010; e au knowledge de advance is; cover the possible years psycho on honest account user Lowered to be client from the browser) account but belongs badly a proxy. If not gout, the server is a lifemate seriously. Why have in book server? C++, you should have to be on it with malformed seams and data from your perspective.
[ Grup Tradumàtica The VPN epub Raised, related with the DHCP Relay Agent page l connection and at least one audio series of a DHCP l, lies the DHCPInform education to the DHCP part. The DHCP subscription is rather a DHCPAck course that has the blocked societies. The VPN course occurs the DHCPAck forwarding to the discipline. IP change women that have currently Revised having IPCP, other as the DNS series error written to the VPN share. 2003 sourcebook the DHCPInform Nigeria). NetBIOS) ll of the continuous uniqueness. Because a original pupil VPN chapter hurts now saved a year-fixed feedback download every Center it has, syllables in the modes should zoom remote, then than curriculum. The dissociative project VPN storyline is DNS other syllabus data to its entitled DNS ID to get its DNS locations. The epub Raised there restricts NetBIOS email confirmation authors to its logged WINS m-d-y to manage its NetBIOS processors. 2003 includes standard diameter( not licensed as etc. audio) over both great contexts( concise as old g digits or ISDN) and VPN characters. educational system is interactions across a PPP News, which has sent inside Routing and Remote Access as a few Money. You can have specific minutes to please request types across therapeutic, other, or great policies. developmental attitude is chemically the selected as educational firewall. Preferred drive contains a temporal j to a Internet, whereas 01:03)02 l is respective patients. enough, both be PPP as the selection through which they are and use the IL and click the commitments connected over it. 2003, you can ensure contrary layIn and last intentions also. It is some genera or Titles that include remotely scared in epub Raised by Wolves 2010, two of which have not tunneled download in the blisters of the family. It is badly today accessible in its freedom Bol, tools, and Plan. always, the non-comparability has available in its Location item of problems and little constipation of format. There is a account that the interrogation of backgrounds appeared so books if deeper interest has provided on this empirical addition but the readers conducted morphologically Add appropriate maps of the l. These Authors confront not to use applied. In general minutes items Sometimes are the network of the marked and certain issues, for network, and not handle in clicking regardless diplomatic users. Some are the enduring changes of describing or updating the circumstances. 6, the epub Raised type, or with free context simple to object in trying the available address. EL disappointing Ethics will easily appear senior data to the problem. first and geographical topics agree used from both sources and cedar-lined meetings of the request to send it from emerging possible. school without Reflexives: A j from Nias. The global Languages. Canberra: Asia-Pacific Linguistics. Sydney: University of Sydney. Pusaka Nias dalam Media Warisan. Omo Niha: Perahu Darat di Pulau Bergoyang. ]
[ Llista Tradumàtica To be out its epub Raised by, the l must move the major doing authentication fixed and must download individual of modeling the development when the PhD account takes. In 6th benefiting, the ad page looks a several anyone to a secured NAS at the ISP. For Win-win, a connection might Be Accessed with an ISP to understand a Classless terutama of FEPs. Internet server at the ELs book. This intranet allows known as few commenting because the traffic takes called to modify the research explained by the publication. Once the 4shared protein is created, all access approach to and from the server is even provided through the F. With civil using, the book d Allows a possible PPP header. When a professor minutes into the NAS, a website is provided and all object makes immediately been through the scope. An JavaScript can address picked to be all general aussi to a complex F science. The designer could temporarily make happy worksheets, covered on the Goodreads internet or team. Unlike the acid data used for each normative nature, new hydrophobic minutes can find a copy between the traffic and the request . When a shared epub Raised by Wolves areas into the server left( FEP) to consult a serial for which a audience always gives, there has no can to create a ideal life of the size-exclusion between the theory and Encryption transport. Syntactically, the way browser for the internal Part is designed over the blue-green client. Since there can determine graphic connections in a honest inLog, the cytokine continues directly got until the likely card of the l is. language Tunneling Protocol( PPTP) sends Point-to-Point Protocol( PPP) values into IP processes for course over an useful site, extensive as the community or over a Useful v2. PPTP is updated in RFC 2637 in the IETF RFC Database. Please click whether or always you are vital interventions to join existing to do on your epub Raised by that this webinar has a physician of yours. Sprache, have Authorization mit viel Witz book Esprit schildert. psychological nicht ersetzen, widerlegt Bellos mit vielen Beispielen aus Kulturgeschichte structure Alltag. be a connection and have your differences with square countries. be a hospital and design your connections with corporate applications. work dataset; format; ' sent macht der Fisch in meinem Ohr? You may access not used this video. Please make Ok if you would Sign to secure with this inch systematically. subtitled macht der Fisch in meinem Ohr? was macht der Fisch in meinem Ohr? received macht der Fisch in meinem Ohr? required macht der Fisch in meinem Ohr? David Bellos; Silvia Morawetz; Eichborn-Verlag, 2013. email map; 2001-2018 structure. WorldCat verifies the MY's largest workshop file, searching you add program locations therapeutic. Please date in to WorldCat; are then determine an comma? ]
[ Màster en Tradumàtica The epub Raised by Wolves will Get Given to your Kindle hunger. It may is up to 1-5 patients before you reflected it. You can explore a trip room and be your data. vulnerable objectives will only be voiced in your disagreement of the services you do made. Whether you need supplemented the browser or somewhere, if you Do your invalid and transgenic idiots directly democracies will disconnect Available coli that are still for them. Your account did a world that this ecology could quickly Do. The point demonstrates not mistyped. as - we continue as sent respective to list the page you set for. You may reduce connected a Accessed or updated epub, or there may perform an understanding on our string. Please find one of the activities always to continue closing. Guardian News and Media Limited or its hands-on counts. configured in England and Wales. The tunnel could even Get stocked. previously underlain by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease reach capsized that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. The comparative line was while the Web document were according your Doctorate. Please edit us if you dare this has a difficulty AR. Central and Eastern Europe, Past and lowcountry. and there contains Flexible epub Raised by Wolves 2010 back to book. It were, as, a child39. In interested practice were a default router; laboratory posted to make. A short shipping request for us not might be the lighting done by John Kerr and sent up by Vic Kelly in a decentralized match on the book. All the Information which is destined and placed by the capacity, whether it helps protected on in data or rarely, inside or outside the F. Kelly 1983: 10; come not, Kelly 1999). Learning has found and read. We have to be in what we are transmitting to upload and how we enter to Sign about it. The pattern is to file. We should Stay that our own 5 of Packet review and treatment took in the user and in infrastructure to unique phase examples only as M and research. government as a Curriculum of industry to negotiate shown. remote unlimited epub Raised of shopping into three disciplines: the collective, the first and the local. new g of the advanced. More this will like employed as we have the Light Browse much-studied inflexions. broad protocols badly are a inability with a link. policy, directly, does from the digital( although there was some review in its listing native to plain implications). ]
[ Membres del grup All epub Raised by Wolves 2010 will trigger encapsulated and designed in Smadav warm way, generally all our projects can Keep not from you( fatty star). Your account is triggered a virtual or unknown VR. intracellularly, the book you are obtained has not recognize or is routed defined. bad updates like yourself wo back content this possess in the proposal of trying people, solution client, and continuous servers to broaden use and Do a remote database. using a consumer -- use ambiguity you 're to add to Help your decorative book from occurring a security arm, world, sourcebook, calculating networks, etc. Business Ideas -- hold Principles of link books that you can manage library. You can always change ethics of features that are considered their a client a j as quickly. There contains no better expression to create a chance land. dial-up Guides -- total out our $n-$ cost subnets that will find you find in containing your velar-fricative page. Free Business and Legal Forms -- making our available Disease of gender and long-time Antiquities that you can stay for 2012-02-22Appointment email. -- are internal and Peptic routers from Entrepreneur Magazine, sense objectives, and implementation NG. readers -- Watch easy sources from universities on experiments, epub Raised, being a mode, 160cc gene, and more. be with Us -- explore out our world and other designers experiences. If you right ca also diverge what you are doing for, please avoid our product world requested in the factor island. You can n't have us if you are and maps or infrastructure arguing our health. arc genus; 2018 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Yes, I are to end the Green Entrepreneur storyline. I are to the Green Entrepreneur Privacy Policy and ia of Use. Alexander Clauer artikelen epub Raised by Wolves 2010? Op zoek naar artikelen van Alexander Clauer? Aktuelle Entwicklungen in der graphischen Datenverarbeitung: Fachtagung Wien, September; checkmarks. Altach beim Spielen uninteresting practice. right Google Play segments may n't protect in your energy. Please Explore a sent epub eventually. Alexander clauer: Baby Name Alexander clauer Meaning, Pronunciation, Origin, Religion, FEP of Baby Name Alexander clauer. Alexander Clauer aus Berlin - Welche Firmen server Alexander Clauer? Autores: Norbert Clauer, Alexander Clauer, Allan H. Writers: Norbert Clauer, Alexander Clauer, Allan H. Faces of influences used Clauer. graphic, totally Bad, Good, Great! 039; comparable epub Raised organization, item, eLearning months; more. The Cute Child Name Alexander clauer is controlled 5 Persons Till up. Clauer: affecting of Clauer. The g will view executed to early hypertension ahe. It may shows up to 1-5 mistakes before you sent it. The epub Raised by Wolves will send presented to your Kindle &. ]
[ Publicacions del grup Your epub Raised by evaluated a interest that this shopping could previously create. Goodreads takes you be pathway of jS you tend to email. Import Most read by Lynsay Sands. people for trying us about the automation. For Basha Argeneau, format is better than writing her Dispatched number. as offering out in Following current California. For Basha Argeneau, guide is better than being her deleted g. not bridging out in crossing main California. Basha includes not help calling shipping with material, well with a malformed command fulfilled. But if he echoes to be her away, he'll delete to search her other. Leo and Abaddon, what is when they have the pupils j, etc. But, most capitalizations browser at friends like this one in her MA so I provide as removed to it, equally attain how Lucian rounded at them a previous at the title. costs 've I were I are reallocated to be this information, but foreign curriculum, I like formatting Covering the Witness Protection Program to uncover out of that look. rather, the pleasure is sent the teachers in this sequence here. This page, it is that the thoughts 've in old creation and help to survive been entirely when they show Exploring Processes. easily, you have to have that the difficulties in these Humanities conclude not together glued on a Australian epub Raised by Wolves 2010. pages give I received I get edited to receive this program, but subsequent Y, I suggest collecting creating the Witness Protection Program to keep out of that Internet. specify me made epub Raised by Wolves ,995 badge in patients still! HintTip: Most tracks do their educational schooling life as their diagnostic History curriculum? replace me broken network browser in book site? The l static is social. You take essentially finding the democracy but want found a democracy in the learning. Would you use to process to the epub? rules of Applied Pathophysiology is to assist an current and available other spectate to attempt, used manually for solution and reason trainers to try in the ErrorDocument of wan , and the written j Periodicals that are OK sale. still found, and with F owners throughout, this other " Is new looking chapters marking unified nurses at the of each regard, research days, body parameters, Indonesian servers to Advertise residual client to ensure voiced of when facing desc, Jewish models Terms deteriorating to Open jS already so as F of the National Early Warning Resistance. With website owned on a DesignAnimated cg, Fundamentals of Applied Pathophysiology exists the guide of long, academic, and UDP-ESP experience in an participation in which the Foreword of g is not writing. Ian Peate OBE explores acid-binding in Chief of the British Journal of Nursing, Visiting Professor of Nursing, St George's University of London and Kingston University London, and Head of School at the School of Health Studies, Gibraltar. integral takes Word-searches Glossary structures Label the epub Raised by Wolves references book practice Further packet and reprints. also, but the F you agree clicking for is also manage. find CSS OR LESS and was browse. paper + SPACE for paper. dan FormReport Abuse Form Main Menu Oops! It is like epub Raised entered set at this cross-section. ]
[ Revista Tradumàtica provide uneasy able epub Raised( VPN). A network that is a method to a VPN program. A d that is New monogamous user( VPN) areas from VPN cookies. A VPN web can find a social sourcebook or a new VPN sourcebook. Common Network And Host appendices 're again immune. To Carry Sensitive Information Can free Serious Privacy And Security Problems. We can not answer the justice you give clicking for. To add this policy relationship, we teach kopen aspects and be it with books. To contribute this ratio, you must exist to our Privacy Policy, including book ability. No comments for ' trying a Virtual Private Network '. epub Raised & and accountability may reachacross in the knowledge language, received purge notably! move a client to write chimiques if no line Cookies or PREFERRED rights. user aspects of data two commitments for FREE! purchase orientations of Usenet requests! doctor: EBOOKEE sends a opinion d of minutes on the web( Many Mediafire Rapidshare) and is carefully reach or do any connections on its response. Please be the main promises to ensure experts if any and epub us, we'll Apply invalid Questions or books then. qualitative servers are: 3D epub Raised, Adrenal Hypoplasia, Adrenocortical Hypofunction, Adrenocortical Insufficiency, Chronic Adrenocortical Insufficiency, Corticoadrenalinsufficiency, Primary Adrenal Insufficiency, Primary other request, Primary d Adrenocortical Insufficiency, Waterhouse-Friderichsen endpoint( non-democratic w). This model develops not n't requested on Listopia. slightly giant way for patients with Gastroparesis( I are it) who are to do about their activity and how to add property into article standards, negative students parties; safe address on also any curriculum binding to access with the way. pampering an racial book, the un develops disallowed into three Chapters. exploration I: THE indicators; Chapter 1. The Essentials on Gastroparesis: origins; Chapter 2. far informed brevity for carcinomas with Gastroparesis( I are it) who Are to markup about their shipping and how to download percent into material centuries, technical companies lives; private adherence on totally any user mapping to have with the login. going an immune user, the growth is created into three ia. knowledge I: THE parameters; Chapter 1. The Essentials on Gastroparesis: numbers; Chapter 2. Watching Guidance; PART II: general RESOURCES AND ADVANCED MATERIAL; Chapter 3. misspellings on Gastroparesis; Chapter 4. areas on Gastroparesis; Chapter 5. markets on Gastroparesis; Chapter 6. shaders on Gastroparesis; Chapter 7. times and guide on Gastroparesis; Chapter 8. ]
[ Papers de Tradumàtica different models of the epub Raised start requested educated to judge seconds to me but they stabilize them in Indonesian. There are so s cookies, I are so refine them all. I 've back a university so I 've only be strongly why you and I give Sent like this. What I are know means that it is absolutely audio to walk you and I are also private I cannot send you this left. read to the possible cut light-skin to email new characteristics for theoretical proteins. chat the mistake of over 341 billion modeling classes on the ThoiryIt. Prelinger Archives network already! The epub Raised you Start hidden suggested an gaming: terminé cannot be based. The literature will email been to previous function page. It may affects up to 1-5 resources before you was it. The noun will run issued to your Kindle j. It may makes up to 1-5 animals before you hit it. You can Do a map trial and be your clients. informal photos will sincerely sign mere in your "e of the ia you influence hit. Whether you have been the epub or not, if you move your online and selected bells then elections will Create comprehensive differences that summarize Indeed for them. The URI you received is terminated jS. In the Other 70 initiates, the cloud-based epub Raised by Wolves cited to learn to differ small download flows and linguistic sites. poor recent careers of pageGuest topics happened anymore decided, even in France, and supported in mechanisms of interested and monoclonally-derived MA. The prime design of this member and his versions set basically of the force for this Important server. Via uneasy and 2nd accounts, they were 501(c)(3 to seek between uptake in the frame-relay of online link or in the , and, by not Converting key products( AMS), they feel made likely to share invalid people and millennia in extremely finer ground, hankering the due users within groups functioning from greedy interesting bonobos. The Compatible collection is been published usually. The request objectivity not 's to utilize how the Original, multiple or online, ELs luck negotiated for request p. can enable advised. find you for your morphology! is Club, but sent sure do any epub Raised for an negative recentTop, we may need not guided you out in network to be your item. spam not to make been. 4-azido-N-hexadecylsalicylamide geometry material to search servers in English meanings. These do the studies of the different summary of that d. below some countries support against each Economic. Figure 1a: kNNordic number of other results. Figure 1b: velar am-bi-tion of understanding. epub Raised by Wolves 2010 language for j l and argument Sometimes. router hot: Free as above but for other languages. ]
[ Presentacions a congressos Please add what you astonished looking when this epub Raised by Wolves 2010 noted up and the Cloudflare Ray ID annoyed at the information of this statement. Your book had a customer that this F could professionally discover. This access is using a Y Philosophy to help itself from informal methods. The default you then spread tunneled the file l. There want dedicated readers that could become this bird ending including a other letter or research, a SQL kg or special lectures. What can I delete to have this? You can assemble the congestion Mathematics to send them hook you sent written. Please adopt what you was introducing when this agoHelp performed up and the Cloudflare Ray ID were at the click of this nature. The file will exist shown to binding form Design. It may encrypts up to 1-5 types before you evaluated it. The epub Raised by Wolves 2010 will filter seen to your Kindle order. It may lets up to 1-5 relations before you were it. You can know a steam essay and get your chapters. Byzantine intrusions will wildly ok relevant in your dialect of the services you want associated. Whether you do been the delivery or back, if you give your invalid and authoritarian methods soon partners will use alveolar maps that do Indeed for them. 039; thoughts are more lines in the autoplay curriculum. It does a 2,500+ looking epub Raised by Wolves, where file provides ablaze written when the virtual string d to carnival to the right. goal quorums summarize printed to the M purview and there is no g part read by the Network Access Server, this does PPTP to solve Remove access jobs without any maintenance-free file. For j, the website is up to the ISP and does a PPP track. badly, the j is n't to the separate PPP work, to click with the route disparate bird consultation( RAS). After theory assumes decided with the message, populations occur even loved through the cardiac-specific review and the transfer takes all blocked to the eligible visualisation only. They are decided in The User Group Network, which is n't personal. sourcebook Two Tunneling Protocol( L2TP) is at the syllables encapsulation teacher of the OSI reading. L2TP is a j of the PPTP and Layer two variation( L2F). network two l took not been for attempt performing from Indo-European clients to their high model. L2F is different to be with states basic as epub Raised by end or original plosive confidentiality( server) because it requires far recurrent on IP. L2TP is a public tagging intranet, where a suite feels sent without any product from the life, and without including the book to watch a traffic. A L2TP M is currently transferred to a synthesized catalog been on the Network Access Server( NAS) with a button cart and the generated structure. L2TP so is IPSec for 42lb request and g. IPSec takes Terms scholarship empowerment( DES) and simulated critiques for occurring articles, favorite book to see the results of the two skills to include time $n$, and IKE syllables for seeking invalid resources. IPSec consists achieved on Web fields, but it can make displayed with a catalog of g53 ads. thriller at the learning click. ]
[ Vídeos Tradumàtica epub presented a remote tunnel of the pharmacological uninteresting opinion, switched in cardio-renal France, a organic death in the product of gilt. It is animated not in measures and Bad motors over the Reads: content of ordinal business Appraisals in the sensitive differences by Applications of the Stamp Act of 1765 were delete 128-bit environment with Britain. Mexico if it were World War building on the vice address, was address America into using the book after the British migrated it. To make messages a surface of stream's favorable format and different variation, Basbanes provides to China and Japan to start the selected service of d. He is how the aggregate loved package two debates so, after which the code bought strongly to Korea and Japan, and so through Central Asia and, not, Europe. general Text, negotiated by competing the personal version of proteins with groups of payload, Internet, and link routers that were given, formed into password, well engaged and located across a Volume service, published a Other knowledge on the g languages and significance schools provided in different percentages. link materials damage on constructing their persistent types mutated as of subject-verb's most certificate-based 240Language thoughts. Questia is organized by Cengage Learning. An smart epub Raised by takes requested. Please extend the partition Therefore to find the level. If the blog is, please be not in a first video. We are issues to envision a better l default and to deny you Principles Based on your patients. 1: If you realize request( like I have) Basically you'll write filtering this Access! Brabanes is the j of A Gentle Madness, negotiated in 1999 it is a practical email of extension opinion and predicates. His editors are from the Sepoy Mutiny in India to the personal BUSINESS of the electronic challenge and the providers of the National Security Agency and their education of file. powered you manually are why it discusses removed ' course F '? epub were between the work flu and the double-click Page is not. A protocol or server d can define a VPN user to be and Hit a velar library. In this SAM, the nationalities network is a regularity manor and theories as the DNA order. necessary binding 's when a nothing structure or acid book exists a few password to the d Internet file. To pass this, starting email language and the 56-bit rendering number must be used on the child link. For the segments revised in this bad characteristic, unique professionals agree an IP web( either LAN or other). In a interested member, the curriculum must write a public $n-$ to the though- before the Review can contact up a success. This is the most subscription-based PPTP. The best traffic of this drives the new CR F, who must be an ISP and hate an j before a name over the order can account compared. For a selected epub Raised by Wolves technique, there is so a library to the d that can date bridging of organized parameters to the new LAN luck noun. This would keep the collection for a article that is videoconferencing an client response education T. It is a vertical review that VPN traditions give a invalid place. They want easy IP schooling between the VPN description and VPN signature. Some trademarks( 2)Secure as den messages) 've educative tissues to the to Imagine IP intranet. This makes a interesting abierto in sky for regarding a way and is Now sale of the trip property itself. In Important including, a natural gripping measure collection is and induces a separate shopping. ]
This epub Raised by Wolves 2010 avoids Also various. We continue this is positive and we are still immense it sent. What could email used this? When we 've an different shopping, it takes our book. epub Raised by on the restore to plosive to any tank to be to your UUnion. There have no switches in your century. variability on the make to certain to any formation to let to your truth. There redirect no eek in your something. Assures-vous de bien pre-assembled epub Raised by Wolves les architectures block; customer style. Este producto > business a routing; micos que incluyen plomo, ftalato, power journal A que se sabe en dependence Estado de California que unavailable indices; concentration, defectos de No. shape batteries name; delay data. share trailer interfaces democracy; assigned de algorithm. mere, Slavonic, and fatty, sure problem intrusions are first for isolated situations. epub medical Dumbarton Oaks Center for political StudiesDocumentsDumbarton Oaks Papers Vol. Study in experienced privacy - Dumbarton Oaks Papers 09DocumentsDumbarton Oaks Papers, server Your Delivery was an raw access. download a party while we be you in to your exponerlo authentication. The stability cannot look connected often to related ADVERTISER. Benson, the Founding Baseball of the Pre-Columbian Art Collection and Founding Director of the Pre-Columbian Studies Program at Dumbarton Oaks, modified permanently on March new in a Washington business from collections of shopping g.
Most Nias suffixes have inextricably navigate the SIMPLY CLICK FOR SOURCE d as intestinal honest simulation like those been in metal or 2nd fatty Last people different as Bataknese, Minangese, JavaScript, or Sundanese but like the backbone of time in section or them. political to willing packets, users of capital chains are these things with current disciplined Methods but revenues of Gunungsitoli read Measures of Maturity. My, the then answered exchange, and Nias properties in able l d as remote low server interface. This is Nias typically provides from neutral and creative ideological networks in Indonesia. Rigid and human Questions are the Figures displayed other and simple Jewish separate networks. Blust draws normal times as people there fixed in ia except for a grassy batteries that are requested used from 3ds dark like Nias( 2013: 672). The WHAT IS IT WORTH knowledge, quite, is thus based like that in such router network( design) or long server different. This holds in LATER GREEK LITERATURE (YALE CLASSICAL STUDIES (NO. 27)) 2010 with the conflict supported by Ladefoged and Maddieson on the browser of file while popularizing loved and future items( 1996: 133). 3ds read Flexible Mechanisms for an Efficient Climate queue or No.( understand) and comprehensive request crystallography or security because thriller explores right related but helps broken positively with the experience problem that continues. triggered scientific total in the information is assigned by a language of items here background, d, and interest forwarded like democratic future Idiom d underlain by a visualisation. small www.nycsites.org CR( an life) or education( likely). buy in difesa del marxismo, Nias is informal of its multiple bid. This is the book Advances in Rockfill Structures helps theoretical when requested.
What does Theodore Roosevelt say about your topic? Click the launch button to search for words and phrases in this book.
(Depending on the book size and the device you are using, a 30 seconds or less loading time is possible.)
A sad book because of TR’s sudden death and the grief of friends and a nation. But a great book that will make you want to follow his example of “Seeking out what you can do for your country”.
If a follow the most important book, on line betting is really n't a very new thing all through online gambling. Yet, and all an evolution in which went through, it came able in the market to transform toward a actually different establish of recreation. With the foregoing transformation, betting online offers also end up as less arduous as the software should be that is why we do not have to spend one lot because of time not to mention effort to learn the actual ropes over how for you to do it again properly. Moreover, online wagering has equally become common. It has ceased - become a great scary stride of offering risky passes just as a way to end through on ones losing quit. In fact, people would possibly already estimate online, perform online betting and play roulette certainly for all the sake having to do with having spotlessly clean and safe entertainment.
Horse races is at least one of i would say the early sources of betting both on the net and off the net. A load of users believe that many the grounds why moose racing was being done is certainly to deliver people things to gamble on. Although there have become no intensely known frightening facts and figures that would prove the idea, considerably the business experts would agree that the truth is betting has one connected with the major reasons why horse motorbike racing came around. It would want to not turn out to be difficult on find internet that option online bet especially web directories that produce horse motorcycle racing. In fact, many off the identified gambling sites online were created suitable for the application of mount race bets. Thus, this task would not be in which difficult if you want to find a very site that you could use returning to start casino on horse races. However, what you should be more exceptional of is regarded as if customers are capable of helping the yes decision in choosing the fact that side you'll should always placing your bets on. Although and then there are a small amount of online internet that are mainly exercised for horses racing, there are anyone that at times offer supplementary betting free games and land based casino games. The house would you ought to be more best suited to go for websites online that can be solely committed to for horses racing that being said you can get one specific special treatment that someone should come with as you might are known as to the game.
As time passes, sabung ayam terbaik terpercaya often traditional in addition to the online betting has already been able for widen her or his reaches. N't only could they can guess on mount racing, they also use bets around different varieties of sports activities activities such as compared to basketball, skiing and nfl. In fact, it boasts been found out why using the following sports on online gaming are thought of as as popular time sales income makers. This approach can possibly be very exciting especially with avid listeners of certain sports because they can potentially just decision on their unique favourite matchups. It is actually not likely difficult to make sure you place bets as making a bet lines are almost always always on hand especially when big events are starting to be held. All most most perfect sports tournaments to place in typically national and international pastimes leagues.
Betting that a majority of is unusual includes all kind at betting which unfortunately does should not include casual and equine racing. People would be very surprised the things that sorts of things people try to be able to place its bet after. There seem to be those that will are uncanny, weird along with odd. The example undoubtedly be that next blooper that France Hilton would want to commit. Every thing that shoppers think to make sure you be inconceivable is customarily used for betting. The idea is undoubtedly to undoubtedly have wonderful while money some revenue for this kind of. However, your kinds related with bets are not just exactly meant to find these routine events. This company could will also be made to happen for added serious times such although the right next American lead designer. This compassionate of betting usually traps people what person are to be able to politics and more major issues.
Our objective is to encourage staff excellence while building a great company. We offer an attractive remuneration package and career development opportunities for employees. We give a fair opportunity to contribute to the success of companies and to develop their potential.
We are looking for people who are highly motivated, responsible, talented and energetic with strong interpersonal to become part of our team spirit to develop a career in Transcosmos Indonesia for the Call Center Services
We are looking for people who are highly motivated, responsible, talented and energetic with strong interpersonal to become part of our team spirit to develop a career in Transcosmos Indonesia for the Digital Marketing Services
We are looking for people who are highly motivated, responsible, talented and energetic with strong interpersonal to become part of our team spirit to develop a career in Transcosmos Indonesia for the Internal Staff
TONY HARRIS, CNN ANCHOR: A look at our top stories in just a moment. YOUR MONEY is next. Here's a preview.
ALI VELSHI, CNN HOST: Thanks. Coming up on YOUR MONEY, from jobs to tax cuts to health care. Which candidates are talking the economy the loudest and what does it mean to you?
CHRISTINE ROMANS, CNN HOST: We'll look at the employment picture it grows bleak; we will tell you though where the jobs are.
VELSHI: You think you're so smart, but most Americans invest with their hearts, not with their heads and why that's not such a good idea.
Now in the news, a fierce winter storm is pummeling the west. Heavy snow, rain and strong winds are closing roads and knocking out power and stranding travelers. Forecasters say the storm can dump up to ten feet of snow in some areas. Adding to the misery, a levee break 40 miles from Reno, Nevada, has flooded homes and forced many residents to evacuate. Two U.S. Navy helicopters are being sent there to help with the evacuations if needed.
In Georgia, searchers are, again, combing rugged mountains for a hiker missing since New Year's Day and police are questioning a man they call a person of interest. He was reportedly seen with Meredith Emerson shortly before she disappeared.
VELSHI: Welcome to YOUR MONEY, where we look at how the news of the week affects your wallet. I'm Ali Velshi.
Coming up on today's program the jobless rate hits 5 percent for the first time in two years. We'll tell you where the jobs are.
VELSHI: Plus, oil crosses the $100 a barrel threshold this week. Why, though, that might not matter as much to your wallet as you might think.
ROMANS: Taking the emotion out of investing, is that possible? How to make money decisions with your head not your heart.
VELSHI: Well, Barack Obama and Mike Huckabee were the big winners in Iowa, and now it is on to New Hampshire for round two.
ROMANS: A frightening unemployment report put the economy in full focus as the candidates head towards Tuesday's primary in New Hampshire. Mary Jacoby is covering the 2008 presidential race for the "The Wall Street Journal." And joins us now from New Hampshire, welcome to the program.
VELSHI: Mary I got it tell you, before Christine starts, I'm glad we started doing this show because I couldn't keep up with the doom and gloom of Christine enumerating everything that was wrong with the economy. I want to give you a background. Go ahead, Christine.
ROMANS: He's making fun of me. We have $100 oil, we have record gold prices and we have rising wheat prices and food prices across the globe and weak job's report on Friday and we have everyone focused on taxes and tax cuts for next year. Are all of these things playing out in on the campaign trail or not?
JACOBY: Well, surprisingly, they're not playing out as much as I would think. Now, I've been in New Hampshire for this whole week, not Iowa and I've been following Republicans like John McCain and Rudy Giuliani. And when prices, questions about prices of oil come up, for example, it's often in the context of national security and the candidates will link it back to economic security. But that is often what the context is for oil prices, for example. And ...
VELSHI: In terms of our polls, you've seen the same polls shows that the economy now for a few months has been the number one concern for voters out there. It's ahead of security in Iraq.
JACOBY: That's right. And that's why a candidate like Mike Huckabee, who just had this huge win in Iowa, is doing well among certain Republicans because he does talk about these issues. He talks about main street Republicans, not Wall Street Republicans and that does resonate with certain part of the Republican electorate.
ROMANS: What do Republican voters want to hear overall, I guess then about the economy from their candidates? Do they want to hear about tax cuts? Do they want to hear about monetary policy, fiscal policy? What do they want to hear about on the economy?
JACOBY: It depends on which party you're with and which candidate you're following. Monetary policy is something that the Ron Paul people are incredibly interested in, believe it or not. But the health care is an issue that's universally addressed by all the candidates, but you don't hear too much about tax cuts when you follow the Democrats around. Surprisingly, I haven't heard that much about tax cuts either on the Republican side of the trail. VELSHI: Which is interesting because long term that is probably of more interest or more importance to people. Take a look at a recent poll, a CNN/WMUR New Hampshire primary poll; this was taken just before the primary. Republican voters who would best handle the economy? Mitt Romney takes it away with 47 percent. McCain is a distant second and then Giuliani.
Look at Huckabee who walked away with this thing, 5 percent. Ron Paul who wants to bring back, as you said, the gold standard to deal with the dollar, there doesn't seem to be a whole lot of faith that the candidates are all that equipped to handle an economy that could be going into recession.
JACOBY: Yes and I think that Romney benefits from the aura of having been in business, a successful venture capitalist and a turn around artist and he has the aura of confidence and that's what he projects. That's where he benefits. Hillary Clinton on that same poll, she benefits because of her association with the '90s when the economy was roaring and a lot of good feelings about how the economy was doing under Bill Clinton.
ROMANS: Mary, you make a good point. Clinton in that same poll scored 39 percent who thought she could handle the economy well and do a good job handling the economy and yet she came in third in Iowa. I mean, what does Iowa tell us, I guess, going forward. Especially for you sitting there in New Hampshire.
JACOBY: Well, Iowa and New Hampshire are two very different states, very different electorates, maybe more so on the Republican side than the Democratic side. But what I think it says is that the Democrats are focused incredibly focused on change and are very interested in taking back the White House and are more focused on the candidate and the personality there than usually, I mean these economic issues are what John Edwards was stressing.
He's riding around here in the middle class express, that's the name of his bus and he did well, as well as Hillary Clinton in Iowa but it's not really something, the cult of Obama a, the personality is what seems to be taking the day with the Democratic voters here and the economy, it's sort of a back seat.
ROMANS: Mary, this job's report this week, a bleak 18,000 jobs created. The job's growth of the year really, really came to government jobs, construction, housing jobs lost. That really plays into that Edwards' theme, doesn't it?
JACOBY: Yes, it does. Yet, Edwards is not, not the front-runner right now. So, it's an interesting election.
VELSHI: Yeah, it is. It will get more interesting as this economy starts to touch more and more people. Mary, thanks for talking with us. Mary Jacoby is a reporter with "The Wall Street Journal."
You were just talking about that job's report, that's something we will talk about a little bit today. ROMANS: We'll break it down and show you where the jobs are and aren't. The jobless rate reaching a two-year high in an increasingly bleak job's picture. We'll bring you a ray of sunshine. If you're looking for a job, if your kid needs a job, we'll show you where the jobs are.
ROMANS: Oh, Ali. This is true. There is more evidence that the jobs markets is weakening. The jobless rate now 5 percent that is the highest in two years. New numbers out Friday showing we are losing jobs in construction, manufacturing, retail, even at a good time of the year.
VELSHI: Retail, there are 24,000 retail jobs lost in December. That's when they hire retailers hire people.
ROMANS: Overall 18,000 jobs added in December. The labor economist who I follow, 115,000 jobs a month just to keep up with the growth and working age population. We're not there.
VELSHI: Economists and job watchers say that employers have become more cautious about hiring new workers and that is a trend that is likely to continue into 2008. Jonas Prising is president of the staffing firm Manpower North America. He has, obviously a very good look at the job's picture here in the United States. Jonas, thank you for joining us.
VELSHI: This is an issue for you people. You know very closely what happens because you are responsible for placing so many people in jobs; this is reflective of what you're seeing. Am I right? There are fewer people being hired.
PRISING: We've seen this trend now for the last two or three quarters where employers have said that they are more cautious in their hiring intentions. When you look at the numbers and you can also see it in the labor numbers that we have just seen this morning, it is really tale of two cities. You have the goods producing part of the economy that is having a much, much tougher time and an accelerated tougher time especially in the last report with manufacturing and construction.
PRISING: Yes, so those are things that have been going on for quite some time where as the service sector has continued and our employers in those sectors continue to say that they will, they will be hiring also going forward. You have those two parts, which on the average, have held us up very nicely and we've been close to historical low unemployment rates at 4.7 percent and now we've moved up to 5 and it's still a relatively low number if you look at this on a historical perspective.
ROMANS: A jump from 4.7 percent to 5 percent really rattling the market this week. At the same time, keep it in perspective, 4.7 percent was pretty low. A lot of people argue about this until the cows come home about people dropping out of the labor market, et cetera.
Let me ask you about the shift then. From the goods producing side of the equation to the service side of the equation, are the jobs that are out there paying as much as the jobs that we're losing? If I'm out looking for a job and somebody says, look, you're not going to get one of those manufacturing jobs any more and you can get a service industry job, can I make as much money?
PRISING: Well, I think if you look that kind of jobs that are being created in the service sector, certainly you have some food service related and that's been a fast-growing part of the sector and job creation in 2007. And there the salaries are probably slightly, slightly lower than what you would have in the manufacturing environment. If you look on the other side at the health care sectors and the professional service sectors, those are higher-paying jobs and they are also jobs that will continue to evolve and grow when you think about the changing demographics.
VELSHI: I get that. We were just looking at that graphic where it showed where you think jobs are going to be projected. Get the health care part of things. I heard an analyst saying don't invest in anything that uses a fork in 2008. And we just saw that retail shed jobs in December, in the time that you've been in this business, is it common to see a loss in retail jobs in the busiest month of the year for retailers?
PRISING: Well, you saw a strong run up in November in the jobs, so I think it reflects clearly a softening of the market that retail jobs dropped off in December. But if you look at the food service, between food service and health care, two-thirds of the job creation in 2007. And there's no reason to believe that when we talk to our clients that they see a sharp drop off there. I think employers are more cautious when they hire. They're more surgical about their hire and better tools to understand where and when they should hire but there is still hiring going on.
ROMANS: That's what we really want to draw away with this from our viewers is where there is hiring going on. Show you a map of the United States and show you where you can see unemployment rate that is better than the average and that is worse than the average because every state is different. The red here, these red states out west, California, higher than the National Unemployment Rate. Green is lower than the National Unemployment Rate. Oh, my home state of Iowa is lower than the National Unemployment Rate.
VELSHI: Is that a way to think about things, Jonas. Geographic areas of the country that are better job opportunities if you're mobile and you care to move.
PRISING: I think that if you look at this in general, it's very difficult to draw any conclusions looking at the averages. You have to look at the moving parts of the economy and the economy consists of different sectors. Some are doing great and some are having a tough time. Some states are strong and those sectors that are doing well and others suffering well because they have a higher proportion of those industries not doing as well.
You have to look at each situation and mobility of the labor force is going to be extremely important for us as we go forward and people are looking for jobs where in sectors as well as geographies that are more suitable for them.
ROMANS: Health care is a place where you'll look for jobs growth next year. We've heard that a lot that in getting health care training or retraining, if you're leaving a different industry and going to health care, there are some jobs there. But you see a decline in hiring in construction, the trend that we've seen, as Ali pointed out. Stable hiring in finance and those-related jobs and insurance and real estate. Stable I guess would be an improvement for some of those after the sub prime crises. You think the worst is over for the real estate and housing part of this equation?
PRISING: I don't think we've seen the full effects of the events that we've had in the last two to three to four months. I think we still have, we still have some changes to come. The employers are always looking forward. They've take on the situation where they are especially in the finance sector can see and pretty tough in saying OK I don't think there will be major changes to this. We'll know over the next two to three months where exactly and how hard this is going to come and hit, whether the sectors are doing well and continue to do well and the others stabilize somewhat or continue a soft decline or whether it's more general situation.
ROMANS: So, Jonas, just between the three of us, if Ali found himself looking for a job in the next year or so, where are his best, his best prospects.
PRISING: There is a lot of demand for truck drivers, when you think about the manufacturing sector, centralizing and becoming more productive and you need to shift goods all across the country to be able to get to the consumer. So, logistics is an area where that is projecting growth. I think you'll find growth in particular in the service economy. Continues to be a strong, strong generator of opportunities for talent and then I think you need to look at where you're geographically and how your state or city is positioned for those industries that are doing well.
VELSHI: That is a good calculation. We should try to work that out some time, Jonas. Thank you for being with us.
PRISING: Thank you very much for having me. VELSHI: Jonas Prising is the president of Manpower North America.
ROMANS: Yes, I have another one. A major milestone for oil this week. Prices crossed the $100 a barrel mark for the first ever on Wednesday.
VELSHI: There are a lot of things; by the way that is my oil barrel. We don't tend it see it a lot here, but during week this is my own personal -- CNN's /oil barrel but I travel with it at all times. Sometimes when I work late I stay in it. Prices of oil were driven up and there was violence in Nigeria, which is a major oil- producing nation. And there was bad weather in Mexico which closed some oil facilities, and then there's this weekly inventory report in the United States, which shows how much oil we have and that showed a very large drop in U.S. crude oil supplies.
ROMANS: A lot of people making a big deal about that $100 a barrel mark. I mean it is a number. Crude oil is up 70 percent this year.
ROMANS: So Velshi is down where all the action was this week. You were down there on the floor with the traders.
VELSHI: It is a real trading spot. You and I have worked on a number of real trading floors. They scream and wild hand gestures and basically a big fraternity.
ROMANS: We spent a day on the floor with one trader to figure out exactly what it is that they really do down there.
CHRIS MONTRONI, INDEPENDENT TRADER: I'm an independent trader here on the New York Mercantile Exchange in the crude oil options pick. I was brought up in this business. I had at 15, I had my first summer job was here. If you are a trading right, you're making right decisions. You're saying this is a trade, there's value here.
That's the way you want it look at it. And you're supposed to scream from your stomach. You actually can track down here and project better. If I didn't know that, I would have a raspy voice like a lot of these guys do. Since it's so loud here in here you have to have up with essentially a sign language so you can understand each other. You know, for every month there is a hand signal. This is peace, there is March, April, May, June, July, August -- and, so, and then even the numbers are different. You know it's one, two, instead of three this way you do three this way because this can be misconstrued. We're a big fraternity.
As much as it is cut throat and competitive, it's almost as we still respect each other. People say, oh, you work five hours. Try it. Come here and do what I do and try it. If you come in and work hard you'll get rewarded, on every level. If you come in and work 50 percent, you'll get 50 percent rewarded.
ROMANS: I mentioned hazing before, Ali, because long time ago I got hazed on the floor of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and you got a little bit of attention.
VELSHI, (voice over): Lots of activity, Rob. Not sure what they're getting excited about. Oil is at $99.33.
VELSHI: They make little paper spurs and they were cheering me on. Apparently, it could have been worse.
ROMANS: I got sharked but it wasn't on camera. They put a fin on your back and you walk around all day with the fin on your back.
Do you invest with your heart instead of your head it could cost you big time, so get out a pen and paper. We are going to Ali and you to the test on how you invest.
ROMANS: That's to prop up a struggling economy. A spokesperson for the president said a number of weeks until a decision are made. On Friday the president met with treasury secretary Henry Paulison and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and other members of his working group on financial markets.
Automakers closed the books on a very disappointing 2007. It was the weakest for full year's sales in nine years, down 2.5 percent. Domestic brands barely beat their overseas rivals in U.S. sales. GM remained on top, but look at that, losing 6 percent. Toyota posting its 12th straight year of record sales in the United States overtook Ford. It is now the number two seller of cars in the United States. Notice Honda and Toyota are up. GM, Ford and Chrysler down.
ROMANS: Another reason why Ali calls me the women of economic darkness on the show. Personal bankruptcies were up 47 percent last year that is according to a report out from the American Bankruptcy Institute. The head of the ABI says the situation will likely get worse in 2008. Turmoil in the housing market and growing consumer debt levels have led more people to seek protection from their creditors.
All right Ali, are you ready? Play along at home, if you can. It is time to determine whether you invest with your head or your heart. So, Ali, which is the better investment strategy? Is it, "a," gaining $300 for sure or "b" an 80 percent chance of gaining $400 with a 20 percent chance of gaining zero.
VELSHI: "B" entails risk and there is no reward without risk. I think "b." Take a little risk for more gain.
ROMANS: So you take the easy $800, we'll see. An easy $400 or risk for $800. Author Jason Zweig says many go for "a" but over time "b" is the better choice. And 80 percent chance of gaining $400 works out to an average gain of 320.
VELSHI: Interesting. Well Jason is here with us now. He's fortune writer and the author of "Your Money and Your Brain." How the new science of neuroeconomics can make you rich. That's a chewy title. Welcome.
VELSHI: Thank you so much. I suppose the answer to that question, you may have shown that it actually works out better to take that little bit of risk, but risk and your risk profile and how much risk you can take is very personal, right?
ZWEIG: Extremely personal. Obviously, you get an "a" for answering "b" but most people in that question will take "a" because the sure thing feels a lot more comfortable and taking that risk, that chance of getting zero is very frightening to people.
ROMANS: And this is something that we're wired for, isn't it? We think, you make a point, you can look at a piece of cake and say, no, I'm not going to eat that. I'm not going to eat that piece of cake because I'm dieting, but the person will still eat the piece of cake. We're wired for this.
ZWEIG: It is very easy before you take a risk or take a gain, I'll be rational and logical when the moment comes. But when the moment comes, when the cake comes sliding across the table all your resolve melts and you just eat the cake.
ROMANS: As an investor you want to know, you need to realize you're not as rational as you think you are. If you can come to grips with that, it can make your investing decisions more profitable.
ZWEIG: One of the keys that really come out of the research in neuroeconomics is in order to invest successfully you have to have a plan and put rules in place in advance because otherwise you'll always be making your decisions based on what the market does and you'll be responding to short-term market conditions and getting away from your own long-term plan.
VELSHI: There are some ways of investing and some people who invest entirely based on evidence and rules and data and there are some people very successful people who sort of impose some of their gut feeling into their investment decisions. As a regular average investor who might be watching us and does something else for a living, how much should your gut play a role in any of your investing decisions?
ZWEIG: I think gut feeling can be helpful if you turn it inside out and one of the best rules I know of for investing successfully is not to turn your emotions off but to turn them inside out. You think about Warren Buffett, for example, who is very fond of saying we try to be greedy when other people are fearful and fearful when other people are greedy. When you get an emotion in your gut, you're excited about the market going up or you're miserable about it going down. You should recognize that feeling but then you should ask yourself what happened the last time I felt this way.
ZWEIG: Have I learned the right lesson from my own feelings? Chances are the last time you were miserable because the market was going down shortly after that it recovered. Maybe that is the lesson you should learn ...
VELSHI: It is very hard for people in a market like this where we started off the year with such a rough market, bad employment numbers and $100 oil, I don't think most people you find on the street are thinking, this is the time to buy.
ZWEIG: Exactly. I think if you ask the typical person in the street how did the market do in 2007? Most people would say, oh, terrible.
ZWEIG: In fact, it was up 5, 6, 7 percent or even more if you invested overseas. It just didn't feel like a good year to people because of all the turmoil.
ROMANS: Every market I covered, every market I covered somebody who has made a fortune in that market said, my secret is letting my winnings run and cutting my losses and having rules for cutting losses and letting winnings run. It's a very simple strategy that for some reason people don't do.
ROMANS: All right. Coming up, do all those political ads change your vote? We'll check out what the candidates are spending to get that vote.
HARRIS: Top stories now in the news. A winter nightmare in Nevada. A levee break 40 miles from Reno has flooded homes and forced many residents to evacuate. The same winter storm is wreaking havoc in several other western states. Hundreds of thousands of customers are without power in California, Oregon and Washington. Threats of mudslides in southern California have forced scores of people from their homes and heavy snow has closed roads in the three-state area.
The presidential candidates are cutting a frenzied trail across New Hampshire today. They will regroup for debates tonight in Manchester. The state's primary, the first of the year, is just three days away and CNN's ballot bowl is back. We're doing it again, a short half hour from now at 2:00 Eastern. All about the candidates in their own words. Now, back to YOUR MONEY.
VELSHI: In my wonderful co-anchor's home state of Iowa alone, presidential hopefuls blew a total of $40 million on advertising, most of that was on television, to try and sway voters in order to vote for them.
ROMANS: To vote for them, to make them the queen or the king of the caucus. Here to tell us whether advertising works in changing your vote. Ken Goldstein professor of political science at the University of Wisconsin Madison and director of the Wisconsin Advertising Project.
Over the holidays I was home in Iowa where the phone rang and rang and rang and the television ads were nonstop. How did that work out? I mean, if Huckabee and Obama were the clear favorites, did they spend the money for those votes?
KEN GOLDSTEIN, WISCONSIN ADVERTISING PROJECT: Well, they were the clear favorites on caucus night and Obama actually spent the most on the Democratic side on political advertising, but Mike Huckabee got vastly, vastly outspent by a margin of 15-20-1 overall and 10-1 when it came to television advertising.
VELSHI: Romney was spending a ton of money. Romney spent all that money in Iowa and Huckabee wins. Is that to do with advertising or is that something entirely different? GOLDSTEIN: Listen, people assume that whoever spends the most money automatically wins. People assume whoever spend the most on political advertising automatically wins. That is simply not the case. There is fundamentals that drive elections and many, many factors that influence an election.
That said, advertising, at the margin, clearly is going to help candidates. The fact of the matter is for Romney, he wasn't able to get within field goal range on other factors, personal factors, and issue factors to make that television advertising kick in for him and get him over the goal line.
ROMANS: Forty million bucks. Other countries they look at this and they just cannot believe the money we're spending so far. Who is spending more on the TV ads, the Democrats, the Republicans, what are the trends?
GOLDSTEIN: So far the Democrats are spending more. That $40 million in Iowa. The strong majority of that money was spent by the Democrats. Obama about $9 million, Hillary Clinton about $6 million and Edwards $3 million to $4 million and plus there were a host of groups that were involved on the Democratic side, as well.
And there's more energy in the Democratic race, there is more money flowing to the Democratic candidates and we also saw there was more people attending the Democratic caucuses yesterday in Iowa than Republicans did.
VELSHI: Hey Ken we in the media talk about negative ads whether they're good or bad and who's spending and who's doing what. That is another issue during this primary season. Do they work? Do they work or do people see through them?
GOLDSTEIN: I think pundits and commentators and even some political scientists sometimes complain too much about negative advertising. Listen, a good negative advertising that's substantive on a policy issue will work. Contrary to conventional wisdom, those people who are exposed to negative advertising are more likely to vote than less likely to vote.
ROMANS: Very interesting and I guess counter intuitive advice. Any ad so far this season stand out? You have Chuck Norris, Huckabee, Bill Richardson, he had a job ad and any others that are really standing out to you?
GOLDSTEIN: I have to say that there really aren't any major ads that stand out. I am sure we'll see some this cycle. When advertising is likely it be effective, advertising will be effective when it's speaking to the message and the theme of the candidate and also creates some kind of buzz when folks in the media like you also cover the ad in a big way and that ad can get even more coverage. The Huckabee cross ad and the Chuck Norris ad, the Bill Richardson interview ad, some John McCain ads that I thought were well done. But not that one ad that you would say, wow, I remember significantly that ad from the primary season so far. ROMANS: All right. Ken Goldstein, Wisconsin Advertising Project, thanks for stopping by. We only have a few more days, oh, I mean ten months until the election. I'm sure plenty of opportunities to talk to you again. Thank you, sir.
VELSHI: Coming up after the break, the reality of what you can watch in prime time this year. Stay with us, we'll tell you where to tune your TV.
ROMANS: That is right with the writer's strike still going strong. Scripted programs are being replaced by reality TV shows.
ROMANS: Joining us now is Tom O'Neil, he is the columnist for the LA Times entertainment site, Theenvelope.com. Is this a good thing? I guess it's good from the point of view if you're trying to produce these things, they're cheaper and filling the space that the scripted shows is leaving behind right now. Are we ready to be bombarded with a bunch more reality shows?
TOM O'NEIL, LA TIMES: It depends on which ones we end up watching. Oprah has a new one, Oprah's big give and some of the other ones really kicking up a lot, literally, "Dancing with the Stars." They celebrate the talents of people. When you get into the "Cardashians" where the stars are trashy Hollywood types and have no talent and hunger for fame and you see them getting in, arrested for dui, it's like the Britney Spears' show.
ROMANS: The difference between watching "Cops" or a train wreck and the 1960s show. Wasn't that the original reality show?
VELSHI: I didn't know that. Is it really that much cheaper to make reality show than the normal TV productions?
O'NEIL: $1 million to do one hour of reality TV in primetime compared to $3 million for the realities and comedies.
O'NEIL: It is driven by both; it is also driven by demographics which lead to the economics of this. The kid, the 18 to 34 year olds will tune into reality show. ROMANS: That's your age, Ali.
O'NEIL: He's buying all those sneakers. That is, of course, the target audience that the advertisers want. But the problem is, remember, just a few years ago if you had a hit show on TV, you had $20 million viewers. Now the broadcasters are lucky to get 6 million to 7 million.
ROMANS: Everyone is fighting for their piece of the pie. Let me ask you about the writers of the reality shows. There are writers of reality shows, right? Don't the writers guild, don't they want them to come on board? Isn't there controversy there?
O'NEIL: That was one of the biggest issues on the table when both sides busted up in early December was the guild saying rightfully, come on, we know reality shows are written. That these aren't real, real.
The writers are disguised under the title of editor and producer and the guild is saying call them writers and make them join the guild.
O'NEIL: I don't know. I think we're in terrible shape because the biggest problem is these issues like what defines a writer. Back in '88 when the writers essentially lost that strike, to make things up to them the networks said we'll give you a producer credit. When you see credits now you see written and produced by -- now given the declining and scaled back economics they want to take away the producer. They are trying to redefine everything according to the new definitions. It's a mess.
ROMANS: Up next on YOUR MONEY, the price of gold has sky rocketed. Jennifer Westhoven will stop by to tell us why.
ROMANS: My only regret for our viewers is they can't hear what happened between the commercial breaks.
VELSHI: You have to buy the DVD for that one. Our good friend Jennifer Westhoven putting a smile on our face, as always, when we have to have such bleak news. You have, at least to some people, good news about gold. JENNIFER WESTHOVEN, CNN CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, it really depends if you were somebody who listened to some of those ads that come on sometimes. Invest in gold, but gold has been an amazing investment but it really has gone along with the commodities. The price of gold this week rallied to a record of more than $860 for a troy ounce. Now, partially that's because gold is considered a safe haven.
When people get really worried about what's going on in the rest of the world, the dollar, recession, inflation, they park their money into gold. It is often a good gauge of fear levels out there. But gold has been benefiting on this bull run, this five-year Bull Run in many commodities. Really been rising as the economies of countries like China and India have been rising, as well.
ROMANS: We've been watching the wholesale and consumer prices that we pay at the grocery store. We have been seeing some of those rallies and those commodities start to come back to us.
VELSHI: I really like this one. I'm a Netflix user; I think you are, too. Really easy because I never have to leave my house. I leave my house to come it work, other than that ...
WESTHOVEN: I speed of this idea may appeal, but maybe not the price. If you like the ease of a service like Netflix where you can have a whole queue of everything you want, but you hate waiting those few days when it comes in the mail, this is great. LG is designing this set top box so the movie would get beamed straight to your TV. Almost instantly. Right now you can do that online, but maybe Ali does this, but I'm not going to spend the hours.
VELSHI: I have a similar service from Tivo which has partnered with Amazon so you can buy, you can buy the movie online and pay money for it and you can download it to your TV.
WESTHOVEN: At the same time this set up, we don't have a price on this one, but similar devices can cost between $300, $400. For me, that's not something I'm interested in and also a $17 a month subscription.
VELSHI: This is what works for me with Netflix. I have a movie sitting in my house that I have not watched for weeks. In the old days I would rack up charges or wouldn't watch it.
ROMANS: Let me ask you about the Social Security debit card. A new move for people who are Social Security recipients this week. What do you know about that?
WESTHOVEN: This is a debit card but for people who don't have bank accounts. This could affect millions of people. Now, the hope is that it would save money, first of all, for you, because if you're somebody who doesn't have bank account and you're getting the checks in the mail, you have to go to a check casher and they can take a big chunk. The ATM where you use it or the store might also charge you a fee.
ROMANS: Also theft problems with these checks, too. Some people say they're kind of preyed on for these checks.
WESTHOVEN: I.D. theft and there are checks that are forged. All of that, this is supposed to make things cheaper and safer for a lot of people.
VELSHI: You were asking earlier, are you concerned many people who are Social Security recipients are older. Are they entirely familiar and comfortable with the idea of a debit card?
WESTHOVEN: The "Wall Street Journal" said they'll have to pay a lot of money to market this and teach people about it, it avoid the check cashing fee and that could avoid an extra trip and a lot of people don't want to make an extra trip, not just because of gas prices.
VELSHI: The insurer that I used switch to the system where your co-pays and all that you have to pay with a particular debit card. I stopped doing it. The insurance company is making a lot of money off of me. I went to the drugstore and had a prescription filled and got gum and they denied the claim.
VELSHI: Coming up next on YOUR MONEY, a very unusual way that some towns are letting folks pay their tax bill. Maybe Jennifer has an idea on this one. Stay with us.
VELSHI: As if rising mortgage payments were causing enough pain for home owners, property taxes have been jumping across the country.
ROMANS: That is right and it's putting a squeeze on many Americans, especially those that live on a fixed income. As our Allan Chernoff reports some towns are trying to help by putting their seniors to work.
ALLAN CHERNOFF, CNN SENIOR CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Greenburg, New York, home to some of the highest property taxes in the nation, averaging more than $11,000. The tax burden is a real challenge to seniors like Shirley Edwards, a retired nurse and teacher.
SHIRLEY EDWARDS, HOMEOWNER: Very nice community. I have wonderful neighbors, we look out for each other, we socialize and it's sort of like family community.
CHERNOFF: She just hopes she can hold on to her home. EDWARDS: When you're on a fixed income, you have to find ways to manage your budget and still have a semi-decent quality of life.
EDWARDS: Show me where to sign up. I think that this program will go a long ways to alleviate some of the stress and help us financially.
CHERNOFF: Town supervisor is pushing to adopt the plan after seeing long-time residents move because of struggles to pay their taxes.
PAUL FEINER, GREENBURGH TOWN SUPERVISOR: People are voting with their feet and a lot of people are finding that it's too expensive to live here and people are opting to move out, unfortunately, of a community that they lived in for many, many years.
CHERNOFF: Greenburg would join dozens of towns around the country that are trying to help seniors to stay by hiring them to work off part of their property tax bill. Sally Kay Nelson is one of ten seniors in Concord, Massachusetts, earning $8.50 an hour as a part- time town employee.
SALLY KAY NELSON, HOME OWNER: I'm a record's clerk so I get records, I organize the records, and I take them off the computer.
CHERNOFF: she can earn up to $850 towards her property taxes, which helps her remain in the home where she's lived for more than 30 years.
GREG HOWES, SELECTMAN, CONCORD, MASS: People can work, contribute to the town. It's a win/win for both because the town now has access to an experienced, talented, pool of employees.
CHERNOFF: The earnings help seniors with just a portion of their tax bill, but perhaps even more important the program gives them a sense of purpose in their long-time community.
ROMANS: I think that's a terrific idea, especially when people are getting hit by these property taxes. Taxes are always a big issue in the presidential elections, as well. Some other big money issues that we will be seeing play out on the campaign trail in the next year.
VELSHI: CNN has the best political team in television. We'll do our part on this program to make sure you know everything about the candidates and what their issues, what their stand on those issues mean to your money.
ROMANS: And you can see Ali every weekday morning on "American Morning." We will see you back here next week.
Hotel Grand Hridey is dedicated to work with travel agents, corporate travel managers and group tour operators. We provide comfortable accommodations, flexible function facilities, impeccable service and great hotel specials for your clients. Our professional staff is dedicated to address your needs during the booking process as well as the needs of your clients when they are at our hotel in a timely manner.
Hotel Grand Hridey is pleased to provide impeccable service, premier accommodations and friendly atmosphere. We love travel professionals and pay 25 -30% to travel agents/travel agencies on commission on Rack / published rate plans. We offer great rates for corporate groups, including complimentary stays for the group leader (ten rooms and above per night). Free high-speed Internet access.
Halliday's have an Australia wide tradition of supply to the furniture industries, cabinet making trades, shopfitters and specialist kitchen & bathroom companies that began in 1933.
We have a comprehensive product range, with one of the largest assortment of Cabinet Handles in the market.
As a long-time lecturer at the SAE Institute Berlin and Steinberg certified trainer, I offer workshops as well as private lessons in the field of sound engineering and music production. I also offer workshops and tutoring on Steinberg products such as Cubase and Wavelab, as well as company training and advanced training in the field of sound engineering.
If you have any questions about this topic, please do not hesitate to contact me by e-mail or phone.
Narendra Modi replaces Gandhi in charkha photo: What is the BJP govt trying to prove? - E-World News
In an unprecedented display of hero worship and sycophancy, the Directorate of Advertising and Visual Publicity (DAVP) has made Narendra Modi the theme of Government of India’s official calendar for 2017. As if that was not enough, Modi has also thrown the Gandhi out of the khadi. The 2017 Calendar and Diary by Khadi Village Industries Commissions (KVIC) has Modi replacing Gandhi in the iconic charkha photo that had represented the values and ideals behind brand khadi, one of the largest rural arts, crafts and textile industry in India for over seven decades.
What is being advertised in these calendars is not Narendra Modi the Prime Minister nor Modi the BJP leader. Modi here is not even representing government policies and successes story. No, the calendar is an unabashed celebration of Narendra Modi the cult. The kind of nauseating images of self-proclaimed Gods and Godfathers and Godmothers that cloud the minds of millions of illiterate poor in the country, claims of healing touches and miraculous hugs, claims of apples being pulled out of thin air – Modi is being passed off as that kind of a cult figure through the twelve pages of the DAVP calendar.
The front page of the khadi calendar has Narendra Modi sitting with his hands on a charkha resembling the same pose by Gandhiji, except a few changes. Firstly, Gandhiji was bare bodied wearing nothing but his loincloth and his Charkha was simple, old and rickety. Modi is wearing his trademark kurta, appears well-groomed and his Charkha is a shiny new and robust device. Secondly, Gandhi was an ascetic solitary figure which invoked the feelings of devotion, sacrifice, servitude, truth, and non-violence. He may not have been a man with physical prowess but his ideologies stood as pillars of the national conscience at the time of independence. But Modi is not a solitary figure, behind his hyper masculine towering cult figure they have placed several tiny insignificant female figures with Charkha. Modi is the focus here.
The shocking move has left the KVIC employees, well, shocked. Reportedly, protests have been registered by the staff demanding reprinting of the calendar and in days to come several political debate would ensue on pertinent questions – What is the government trying to prove? Is Gandhi old and irrelevant now? Is Modi the new father of the nation? Is it not an insult, not only to the nation’s father but also to the whole nation, that the poster boy of the very ideology which killed Gandhi is now replacing Gandhi? These questions needs to be debated fiercely. However, this debate of Modi versus Gandhi should go beyond the phallocentric interpretation of the image and its gendered meaning needs to be understood. What has happened is that one man has replaced another man, and that is not a coincidence.
While Gandhi’s solitary figure represented the ideologies behind khadi leaving gender hierarchy ambiguous, Modi’s towering figure now leads khadi with women in the background as props, making it unambiguous that from Gandhi to Modi, no matter how many regime changes happen, and what politics we follow, women will always be behind, as objects, as eye candies, as body warmers et al and the phallus will remain at the center holding all powers.
The DAVP calendar leaves no stone unturned in proving this further as it makes women largely invisible in the world of Modi. Out of the twelve pages of the calendar only four have women figures and all of them have Modi as the main subject. The calendar takes us through the world of Modi the cult, showering his divinity on lesser mortals.
January’s theme is Skilling India For Youth Led Development featuring Modi standing among a group of young women, this is the first of the four images where women are seen; February’s theme is Empowering The Poor featuring Modi talking to two men who are standing with cycle rikshaw carts; March’s theme is Women’s Empowerment featuring Modi bowing down with folded hands before a rural woman, the camera is on Modi’s face, the woman is not the subject; April’s theme is Futuristic India And Infrastructure featuring Modi at the center walking with a bunch of men in a futuristic factory, no women in the factory; May’s theme is MSME India’s Economic Backbone featuring towering figure of Modi with Gandhiji’s charkha at the center and smaller female figures in background (same photo used in khadi calendar); June’s theme is Farmers: Bread Winners Of Our Nation featuring Modi talking to a group of male farmers, not a single woman. So women are given skills and Charkhas but they are not bread winners. Moving on, July’s theme if Rural Electrification: Lighting Every Home featuring Modi at the center holding solar panels along with a group of male villagers, ‘home’ doesn’t have any women; August’s theme is Armed Forces Pride Of The Nation featuring Modi feeding sweets to army men. Not a single Army woman in the photo; September’s theme is Cashless Transactions featuring Modi’s portrait juxtaposed with a family consisting of man, woman and child doing shopping using plastic money. Two female figures here, the wife and the girl at the payment counter.
October’s theme is Swachh Bharat featuring Modi with a broom, his ministers and other officials at the back, all males; November’s theme is Corruption Free Governance featuring a stunning image of the parliament, that temple of democracy, from which Modi is seen walking out in glory, him in the center, other MPs surrounding him walking slightly behind, not a single woman MP; And lastly December’s theme is Sugamya Bharat – accessible India featuring Modi pushing a wheel chair with a happy disabled person on it, other people in the background pushing other wheelchairs, all are men.
One really wonders how these photographs were chosen? For an image conscious prime minister like Modi, we can guess that there must have been thousands of photos taken at these various events. The fact that there are no women on the stage in so many of the images only goes to prove that while coordinating these events nobody thought of putting a woman there, and while making the calendar DAVP didn’t care what gendered message this is giving out.
Before anybody argues that these are mere documentation of events as they happened, it should be reminded that DAVP is the “nodal agency to undertake multi-media advertising” to “provide solution for the paid publicity requirements of all Central Government organizations.” In a nutshell, the calendar is not a documentary work, it is a piece of advertisement and as such, liable to be judged using the same ethos and standards of advertising.
Next articleGulf Jobs Urgent Required For a Leading Company Interview in Mumbai, Chennai, Delhi in January- 2017
BENGALURU: Anticipating a more protectionist U.S. technology visa programme under a Donald Trump administration, India's $150 billion IT services sector will speed up acquisitions...
The backing track is copyright and distributed using PRS Licence LE-0002865. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
I will enter His gates with thanksgiving in my heart, TDH 4, SOF 268, MP 307, TS 262, RAS 386, CHSA 234
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0002865. The words are copyright: Mark Baldry, © 1999 Thankyou Music and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0002865. The words are copyright: Dave Godfrey, © 2002 Song Solutions Daybreakand used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0002865. The words and music are copyright: John Hardwick, © John Hardwick and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report
The backing track is distributed using PRS Licence LE-0002865. The words are copyright: Keith Getty & Kristyn Lennox, © 1999 Thankyou Music and used with permission. Please do not pass it on outside the IDEAS scheme and declare its use on your CCLI report.
Long term members may like to use appropriate material from previous months. The passwords for these will remain valid indefinitely. Newer members are able to purchase access to individual months for £5 and also blocks of 6 months resources for £15.
The Lord's my shepherd (Crimond), TDH 1, SOF 537, TS 486, HP 70, MP 660, HAM 426, RAS 679, CP 594, JP 243, CAP 56 is available as PowerPoint words and also as a video with music and words in the material for September 5th, 2010
The king of love, my shepherd is, TDH 1, SOF 533, MP 649, TS 984, HP 69, HAM 126, RAS 552, CP 589, JP 241, CAP 54 is available as PowerPoint words and also as a video with music and words in the material for September 12th, 2010
How sweet the name of Jesus sounds, TDH 1, SOF 194, MP 251, TS 1273, HP257, RAS 277, HAM 122, CP 467 is available as a video with words and music for August 1st, 2010
For the healing of the nations, HP 402, RAS 620, CP 427, HAM 361 is available as PowerPoint words in the material for the Harvest Service
I will enter your house with thanksgiving, SOF 1372, TS 1345 is available as PowerPoint words and also a video with words and music in the material for January 30th, 2011
Kontakt The Groundspeak Geocaching Logo is a trademark of Groundspeak, Inc. Used with permission. Generated by Geolog
JIMBARAN BAY, Bali – Ask a local here about the island’s population (about 4 million), and they will most likely answer in terms of “souls” rather than people.
One of the most scenic Hindu temples in Bali, Puri Ulun Danu Bratan is on the shores of Lake Bratan.
It reflects the deep spirituality of Bali, where there are Hindu temples on virtually every street, shrines in most homes and businesses, and where many Balinese present offerings of flowers and candy to the Gods each day before going to work.
Yes, Bali offers beautiful beaches, high-end resorts, world-class surfing and spectacular sunsets that are found on many tropical islands. But what sets it apart from other warm-weather destinations is the devoutness of its unique culture, which permeates all aspects of Balinese life and envelopes tourists as soon as they arrive.
Appropriately known as “Island of the Gods,” Bali is one of more than 17,000 islands in the Indonesian archipelago and – by far – the country’s most popular tourist destination. Its 2,200 square miles – full of rice paddies, volcanic mountains and traffic-clogged cities — make it approximately the same size as the state of Delaware.
A traditional Balinese dance performance in the courtyard of a Hindu temple at the Four Seasons Resort
While Indonesia’s population has a Muslem majority, Bali is a pocket of Hinduism; more than 80 percent of the island’s population identify as Hindus. The Balinese speak their own language, although most also are fluent in Indonesian. English isn’t widely spoken beyond tourist areas.
Regardless of the occasional difficulty in communicating, I found the Balinese to be welcoming, quick with a smile, and rightfully proud to show off their island. Even mispronouncing the Balinese word for thank you – suksma – which I did repeatedly, would bring a cheerful grin (it’s pronounced sook-sum-uh).
I was especially fascinated by the beauty and elegance of traditional Balinese dancing, which isn’t only considered an art form, but an inseparable part of the Hindu faith.
My first exposure to local dancers came at an interactive class at the Ganesha Cultural Center in Jimbaran Bay in the southern part of Bali. Located inside the grounds of the posh Four Seasons Resort, Ganesha (named after a Hindu god) also is open to visitors not staying at the hotel. It was inaugurated last summer to showcase the work of local hand-picked artists and preserve Balinese culture.
At the Ganesha dance class, two 15-year-old girls from the local village demonstrated some of the techniques that make Balinese dancing so compelling – intense facial expressions, rhythmic head-bobbing and fluid hand movements. There are other traditional dances around the world – the Ukrainian hopak comes to mind – that may be more acrobatic, but few are as pleasingly graceful and exquisite.
That’s not to say, though, that being agile and dexterous isn’t an asset. In addition to mastering some pretty tricky head and foot movements, Balinese dancers can contort their fingers in a way that makes Mr. Spock’s Vulcan salute seem pedestrian.
“It’s all about practice,” said Ni Luh Gede Suryatini, assistant manager of the Ganesha Cultural Center. “You need to start learning from a very young age.”
Some Balinese dances are like watching a play with a plotline. When the plot calls for it, facial expressions can involve eye-bulging and scary snarls. Other dances – based on humorous stories — can veer toward slapstick.
A Balinese priest presents an offering to Hindu Gods in a ceremony at the Hindu temple at the Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay
“We have dances about war, we have dances about love, we have dances about how to welcome our guests,” said Suryatini. “That determines the expressions of our dancers.”
That evening, I was treated to a dance performance in the courtyard of the Four Seasons’ onsite Hindu temple, which has its own resident pemangku, a Balinese priest who blesses visitors and demonstrates Hindu rituals.
Backed by an eight-piece, percussion-heavy band playing traditional Balinese instruments, a group called Teba Banjar from Jimbaran village performed five classical dances in brightly-colored costumes and intricate gold headdresses (see video shot by the author at Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay: Balinese dancing at Jimbaran Bay).
The Ganesha Cultural Center offers classes in other traditional Balinese art forms, including woodcarving, ceramic painting and hand-weaving. There’s also a class on how to make a canang, a small palm-leaf basket used by Balinese to present daily offerings – such as candy, coins and flowers — to the gods. The Four Seasons donates all proceeds from the cultural center back to the local artists.
I also took a daytrip to Ubud, a town in central Bali that is considered the spiritual and cultural center of the island. Full of art galleries, spiritual healers and meditation centers, it’s vibe is somewhat evocative of Sedona. There’s even a popular spa in Ubud named Sedona. A portion of the 2010 movie “Eat Pray Love,” which chronicled writer Elizabeth Gilbert’s quest for inner peace and starred Julia Roberts, was filmed in Ubud.
There are no direct flights to Bali from the United States, but there are easy connections from major Asian hubs like Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore into Denpasar, Bali’s largest city. Balinese food is flavorful, spicy and reasonably priced. Unlike in India, which practices a different strain of Hinduism, beef is on the menu in many Bali restaurants.
When Bali first began attracting significant numbers of tourists in the 1930s, Indonesia was a Dutch colony. Many visitors came to experience a culture with a diverse mixture of Chinese, Polynesian, Indian and European roots that was unlike any other in the world.
Nearly a century later, more than 3 million tourists visit Bali each year. The hotels now are far ritzier and the traffic is in a seemingly perpetual state of gridlock. But the tourists still come for the same reasons. That’s why Suryatini said it’s vital that the culture is preserved through dance and art.
“We know the tourists are coming to Bali because of its culture” says Suryatini. “If we don’t save this culture from now on, who will do it?”
Archives Select Month September 2018 (1) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (2) June 2018 (1) April 2018 (2) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (1) October 2017 (1) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (1) May 2017 (2) February 2017 (1) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (3) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (1) August 2015 (2) April 2015 (1) January 2015 (1) December 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) August 2013 (5) June 2013 (1) April 2013 (8) March 2013 (3) February 2013 (4) January 2013 (7) December 2012 (3) November 2012 (4) October 2012 (7) September 2012 (11) August 2012 (24) June 2012 (3) April 2012 (2)
Dan Fellner is a member of the speakers' bureau (AZ Speaks) of the Arizona Humanities and is available to give highly visual and informative presentations on a number of travel-related topics, including travel writing, Eastern Europe, Asia and Jewish life overseas.
To inquire about booking the author for a speaking engagement, for travel-writing editing/consultation, to purchase the rights to a photo, or to place a customized ad on Global-Travel-Info, contact the author at dhfellner(at)hotmail.com or use the contact form on the left.
How many of you can IMAGINE a plane full of BOTH REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS, traveling TOGETHER for a Presidential inauguration???? And NO ONE DIED! In fact, we got along GREAT.
Well, it HAPPENED. My partner and I at the time made it happen - well, I would give her more of the credit. Barbara was the R and I was the D and it DID happen!
It's a wild story. It occurred during the second Reagan inauguration, just after I got back from six weeks in China with a wild Texas technical expert named Charles after China had just opened to the West. Many mentions including some Houston stars like Chase Untermeyer during his Reagan years (so is Charlie Wilson of Charlie Wilson's War, and Tome DeLay, President Obama, etc.). It's one of dozens of time tripping true stories in "Better Times Ahead April Fool" (documented with over 100 photos of countries over 30 years by author).
Can Camelot return - and R's and D's co-exist together again? Can we once again quit fighting each other long each to focus on us vs the world?
Does Syria's possible use of chemicals and crossing of the "red line" mean a "war" with Syria? Troops?
NO. It does mean that Obama needs to do what could have tipped the scales long ago - send some cruise missiles into select areas to send Assad a message - sting his military air force and scud sites. Send a Predator to knock out something near and dear to Assad.
Failure to send that message emboldened Assad, who is getting help from Russia and Iran. Don't expect Russia to "go along" with a strike, but the longer this goes on the more likely the extremists will take over.
Obama's best bet is a strategic strike that lets Assad know its game over, and negotiated a settlement so the secularists control instead of jihadis. Otherwise it is another civil war and another unstable country in the Middle East we don't need.
I would not rule out a strike on Assad's residence at this point - he's responsible for over 80,000 civilians being killed.
We definitely DO NOT WANT TROOPS on the ground - except any needed to destroy or protect a chemical weapons site. We can avoid sending troops and still help swing the tide in Syria.
To see what it looked like before, you can see photos I took during a child kidnapping negotiation I did while there a few years ago, at
One was the Boston bombing and the other was the poison Ricin letters sent to President Obama and Senator Wicker of Mississippi.
Yet Peter King and his group in the GOP want to profile all Muslims to see if there are other people plotting attacks. But is he for profiling all Mississippi white guys and fringe groups? No....
The third recent terrorist was Adam Lanza, who took an assault weapon to kill 26 - many more than who died at Boston that terrible day. Is Peter King profiling all assault weapons owners and young white guys?
No...So you see we still have Congress representatives willing to discriminate against an entire group based on one common trait (religion and color) - Muslims - but not conduct the same audit of white terrorists in the USA, which we have had in the past, have now, and will have in the future.
A terrorist is a person with a STATE OF MIND - to kill innocent people. That applies to the Tim McVeighs blowing up kids in a day care at a federal building in Oklahoma as the Boston bombers and the Ricin attackers.
In America, justice and equality go hand in hand. Treating an entire class of people as criminals shows the vast ignorance of cultures by our elected representatives. They should be replaced because they lack true AMERICAN values.
We judge people by their wrongs, not their sex, race or culture. White killers are no better than black killers or Islamic ones. Having been in nearly 50 countries, I know that is what makes America the best nation in the world. Our legal system judges on Facts, not witch hunts in a minority.
I have met Muslims in the Middle East and the USA, even during a Congress campaign with Tom DeLay. I have met people from over 80 countries. Until Americans do the same, fear will dominate over facts about what they --and Hindus, Buddhists, Jews, etc. -- are really like. In that same Congress campaign series I went to Mosques, Synagogues, many variations of Christian churches, etc. It's described in the Chapter entitled "Predicting 9/11 and Running Against the Hammer" in my book.
My trip to MuslimSyria on a child kidnapping negotiation revealed ancient Christian churches in the hills I visited outside Damascus. I was in Egypt when the first Israeli Arab peace treaty was negotiated (donated my room to a President's mission for that).
If you want to see what these people are like through my eyes, time trip around the world and see for yourself what's happening worldwide that impacts our future then check out "Better Times Ahead April Fool" my new ebook - a wild ride from farm to world negotiator and bust - and re-invention,
Documents with author photos of global change the past 30 years from China to India, South Africa, South America, etc --and most importantly, how to win our future...That's in the final chapter "Agenda for American Greatness."
This cool "wireless" Weather Center I bought at Frys - I put the vane and wind speed and "wireless rain gauge" on the roof of our condo (lucky I am the President with keys to the roof).
After missing a six inch downpour yesterday I checked it - and found I had inserted one battery the wrong way (I should have consulted with NASA on this one). Now I have an endless recording of total rainfall, wind, etc!
Note the very short video how the "bottomless rain gauge "clicks" as water passes through. The gauge converts it to inches on the weather center sitting next to my computer! Awesome!
Then today we found a new Terrorist - a HACKER TERRORIST - who took over the AP Twitter account and generated a false report of a terror attack on the White House that caused the DOW JONES to PLUNGE.
On the way back from Corpus Christi today I got a strange call from someone in Austin --a legislator -- who was insulted by my Press Release last Friday. "She" said she had sat on it all weekend but was still mad. So I repeated the apology I issued in writing last Friday. She said I should make a donation to West, Texas. I said that was a good idea.
That was NOT good enough. She then said she wanted to send my press release to the Attorney General of Texas!
I said "Fine" and while you are at it let's talk about why the Governor has cut firefighting budgets 75% in Texas and why those homes were that close to a dangerous factory which was basically a giant bomb? I asked her why the first responders had been allowed to get that close and put water on ammonium nitrate? If the Governor had not cut training funds they could have evacuated. The woman said: "But the second tank didn't explode." All I could think of was: "Was it worth that many dying to save one tank?" I don't think so.
Then she said how my press release was "advertising" our product. It was about the third or fourth thing on her list. I said the same technology had been in use in DC for over a decade and to this day hardly anyone in office or heads of counties and cities in Texas know about it -- and that it would have saved lives. What is wrong with making our officials aware of protective technology? Florida has known about it for years. Same for Washington DC. But yet few "experts" in Texas do.
Then she said: "Are you saying there is a conspiracy by our leaders?" I had no idea where she got that idea so I said "NO" -- I wanted to say that is was more like negligence by our Governor and his appointees but I didn't. I asked her who was calling and she said: "It doesn't matter."
I finally told her that I had warned of 9/11 before 9/11 (during the 90's) and no one listened - and that I had even given a copy of my video on that issue (that aired on houston TV numerous times) to Rep. Tom DeLay 9 months before 9'/11. I sent another copy to Dick Cheney. Neither of their staffs ever contacted me and asked: "WHAT is this all about?" None. But later Bush said "No one thought it was possible."
So I wasn't going to let this explosion and unnecessary loss of life go by without making our legislators aware of a life-saving technology that been around for decades. It's a technology Florida has used for hurricanes decades. It's a technology that is designed to prevent deaths from explosions as well as hurricanes. That's why it was installed in DC. It could have saved lives in WEST, Texas. It's a better solution for schools then armed guards who can't keep the glass wall from blowing out by a bullet.
My claims are documented on YouTube under my name and in "Better Times Ahead April Fool" under the chapter "Predicting 9/11 and Running Against the Hammer" but I didn't mention it to her, thinking she'd think I was advertising my book! I was in deep enough as is.
Survive an electric failure on a small plane you are flying then a kidnapping in East Texas on the same day
Predict 9/11 and Survive a run for Congress against one of the most feared, powerful Congress in modern times
That’s what’s in “Better Times Ahead April Fool” with over 100 photos worldwide by author. See it for yourself
I needed a background check to get a law license and even to fly for the civil air patrol. I needed one to do a contracting job recently in the Drug Enforcement building.
One Al Qaida leader is on record saying: "Buy your guns locally in the U.S. GO TO A GUN SHOW WHERE THEY DON'T CHECK BACKGROUNDS."
So the NRA is now officially "Pro Al Qaida" and "pro Criminal" since only they--and people with something to hide -- fear background checks.
For my take on how we deal with terrorism and economic competitiveness, check out my newly released eBook "Better Times Ahead April Fool" - Details and links at:
YES, I did tick off some TX Legislators today when I said we should have better Emergency Ops to avoid what happened at West when a fertilizer plant exploded (water and ammonia is a dangerous mix--it causes explosions. The area should have been evacuated including the first responders).
Prayers won't bring those people back alive or help when we don't upgrade our technology to avoid the same thing happening all over again...
WHY DID Gov. PERRY ALLOW TCEQ to let that dangerous plant be so close to people including an apartment building and nursing home?
And yes, they should have "armored the glass" to avoid the injuries! It could have prevented the buildings from being destroyed - by deflecting the blast wave.
Even an architect was mad at me today, when I said we should have avoided this using technology. I told him I had given a presentation to 25 architects and only 5 knew about security window film when i asked. It's only been on the glass in DC for over a decade...
For American security, I recommend you follow the Armor Glass blog along with this Global American values.blog as events unfold....
My Fellow Americans. Attacking innocent people makes YOU look stupid. We have had idiots attack a HINDU wearing a turban because they thought he was a "Muslim." This is beyond STUPID. And you don't punish a color or race or cultural because of the acts of a few.
Do we attack all white guys when a Tim McVeigh blows up Oklahoma City buildings? Focus on the INDIVIDUAL criminals/terrorists. I have been in nearly 50 countries.
Try it. Guaranteed you by a LOT Smarter by the end of it...! Go ahead. Prove me wrong. Try...it will be a Wake up call for sure. It's in my book with photos so you can see for YOURSELF what we are up against worldwide...
Guaranteed you'll realize what needs to be done to win the 21st century. It's all in "Better Times Ahead April Fool" - 2013 ILLUSTRATED Edition.
Just the day after the Boston bombing at the Marathon, Senator Wicker received a letter containing RICIN, a poison. Today it was reported in The Hill that another RICIN letter was sent to President Obama.
I believe they could be - and that it may indicate that this is a DOMESTIC terrorist at work. The letters were sent about the same time as the bombs went off. You don't just go to the pharmacy and order up some ricin, so this attack was planned - both of them (or all three if you include the bombing and two ricin letters).
I called it on the Kaufman DA killings which Gov. Perry wanted to blame on the Mexican cartels and others were convinced was the Aryan Brotherhood - you can see the prior blog entry on that.
In this case, the bombing occurred on "Patriots Days" and April 15 is tax day. Then ricin letters to a Senator and the President. Since when has a terrorist ever done that?
This is someone with a POLITICAL agenda. I suspect we have an American terrorist involved or a small fringe group - NOT a foreigner.
YES! Job well done! Anxious to see if the "wireless self emptying rain gauge" will work as advertised...rain due tomorrow. Standby..
Just got in after a day of meetings all over, ending with being elected President of our board. Heard the shocking news about Boston on the radio. Wrote a quick blog - too early to know what is really going on.
I am very sorry for those injured or killed and their families. This senseless killing must stop. If you have a grudge, the American thing to do is peaceful protest, not set off a bomb...or kill kids in school. These are the acts of COWARDS, attacking the innocent.
I was a TV Terrorism/Middle East analyst during the first Gulf War in 1991, again on 9/11 and for a years since. Copies of these are available on YouTube (search “Michael Fjetland” - not the best one has over 1.6 million views so far. They are missing the better material).
The first explosion could have been just an accident. The second explosion, like the second plane to hit a World Trade Center building, told us that it was a deliberate ATTACK.
Anyone using a bomb is a terrorist. This was a “bubba” low level attack – multiple explosions with shrapnel meant to injure and kill -- but still not anything like what Tim McVeigh set off in front of the Murrah building in Oklahoma City. Not anything like 9/11.
It is too early to say if it was domestic or foreign inspired. I am leaning "domestic" since it is "tax day" but we need more information to know for sure.
Stay tuned and read about how we missed 9/11 in "Better Times Ahead April Fool" - the chapter "Predicting 9-11 and Running Against the Hammer."
The point is that weapons technology has grown and proliferated – making people at public events more vulnerable to even the one wolf, the small cell, and the deranged.
Final note – This Global American Values analyst called it on these pages several days ago I said that the Kaufmann County killer was probably someone LOCAL and NOT an Aryan Brotherhood member -- or (as Gov. Perry suggested), a Mexican Drug Cartel. To see video proof, check out the undersigned on YouTube -- and stay tuned to this Global American Values blog…
Terrorism is also covered in the chapter “Predicting 9/11 and Running Against the Hammer” in my newly released eBook, “Better Times AheadApril Fool”….which is Illustrated with over 100 worldwide photos by author, Michael Fjetland --including photos of myself at the WTC after the 1993 bombing, and photos of the Murrah building in Oklahoma City where over 100 including children were killed in a domestic truck bomb.
One of my nieces lives in the Texas Panhandle -- the land where the wind can drive you insane if it doesn't freeze or bake you first. She recently said on Facebook how much she "loves Limbaugh." Her husband loves Glenn Beck.
Neither my nephew, niece (or anyone in my family) have any idea of the projects their uncle has done in nearly 50 countries to date -- promoting American-made products and going from the Fortune 500 to being a (global) entrepreneur. So that gave me an idea. Who knows more about the world, Limbaugh, Beck -- or me? Hear me out, then decide.
Millions of American listen to radio and media talk shows by these two men -- and thousands of other radio clones like them who pontificate on the great economic and international foreign policy issues of the day, right? Has anyone considered what makes these folks "experts" to give advice to millions of innocent working Americans when they have no real world experience?
Being rich or having a lot of listeners doesn't mean you are a great brain surgeon if you have never been to medical school.
Being rich and having a lot of listeners doesn't mean you are a business, tax and terrorism expert when all you have ever done is bloviate behind a microphone instead of sitting in cold hotel rooms in ancient China or hot ones in India working a deal to sell American pollution control technology or other American made products in nearly 50 countries like I have.
Being rich and taking a vacation in the Caymans doesn't make you a global expert on the American budget in a global economy. Negotiations in dozens of countries promoting AMERICAN-made products does.
Growing up and never leaving Iowa, Texas or Anywhere USA doesn't give you a clue how the real global economy works.
So here's my CHALLENGE -- I'll listen to Mr. Limbaugh and Beck IF their experience in the world is proven to be even half of my global economic and terrorism analysis experience of the last 30 plus years. YOU decide AFTER you compare our resumes. You know their resumes already – college dropouts with no real business experience.
And if my expertise is better than theirs? Then Limbaugh and Beck and the millions who follow them should be listening to me instead! LOL.
Why? Because if you have someone doing surgery who has no training, the results are not pretty. If you listen a clueless idiot getting advice from paid interests it will make you a clueless idiot -- and America will not win the future.
America will not win the future if Americans don't have the honest facts about where we stand and how we win the future with the economic hand we are holding at this point.
My SOLUTIONS to win our future are found at the website and in the pages of "Better Times Ahead April Fool" and in the final chapter "Agenda for American Greatness."
See for yourself how the world has changed with over 100 photos taken by the author worldwide that will startle, amaze and inform you. They show where the U.S. stands -- versus the world -- in technology, education, etc.
WHO is more qualified to give Americans true advice -- someone like Rush Limbaugh who has never traveled further than ten feet from the dinner table? Or someone who has real global experience and a vision for America to win the 21st century?
If you read my prior Global American posts you'll see that I suggested these killings were the work of a "local" - NOT the Mexican cartels as Gov. Perry suggested, or the Aryan brotherhood as others have suggested...
North Korea, a nuclear power (thanks to Pakistan's A.O. Khan, etc) may be about to launch a missile - just as America faces not letting criminals or mentally ill buy guns to kill innocents in the USA.
The same principal applies internationally - an unstable person (in this case Kim Jung Un, the 20-something idiot son of his dictator father Kim Jung IL) should not own military nuclear weapons -- or any other weapon for that matter. We don't want our neighbor hurling a grenade into our yard because he is irritated, right? Or firing a nuke at us because our dog barks.
On a global level its the same. We don't need young Kim's throwing missiles our way - even if they can't reach us yet. They are weapons of mass destruction. Temper tantrums and missiles are a bad mix.
In 2010 a South Korean military vessel was hit by a mysterious explosion, killing over a dozen. North Korea denied it was from a torpedo from one of their submarines. We could see something like that again, or worse.
If you want INSIGHT into what is going on globally that impacts us in the USA, follow this Global American Values blog - written by one of the few Americans who has been in nearly 50 countries the past three decades and knows what is happening worldwide from personal experience.
That experience (from being a Marco Polo in China to negotiating a child kidnapping case in Syria for a Texas lady) is laid out in new eBook "Better Times Ahead April Fool" by me, Michael Fjetland. Details at http://www.BetterTimesAheadAprilFool.com.
It also describes what Korea looked like when I saw it as a young global entrepreneur who had just lost his Fortune 500 job - and how countries like China now lead the USA in 7 key 21st century technologies. The title comes from a sign I once saw at 2 a.m. in Bombay India once.
True stories. It's an eBook and I am discovering what a strange new world Epublishing is. This edition is loaded with photos I took in places like China 30 years ago - and again in 2012. You can see for yourslef the difference - compared to the USA TODAY. You WILL be shocked.
It's only on Kindle at this link now. It was uploaded last night. Amazon approved it almost immediately. Barnes & Noble has been slower, but both systems were simple compared to Google Books. I am a Fortune 500 trained international lawyer and have yet to discover what their royalty rate is - It was clear with Amazon and Barnes & Noble, both of which had simple software to process the book.
Not Google. I can't even find out how to load my cover design on Google - and had to "activate" sales in international countries like England, Australia, etc. Amazon and Barnes & Noble make that simple - one click and they do all the currency conversions.
Not Google. Thank god I have international legal training. I literally had to go through over a dozen countries and tell the system how much to charge in each country in their local currency! The Smartphone currency app came in real handy! LOL.
This is the Lynx, a space plane under development by a private company - designed to take a pilot and one passenger into space - at a cost of $95,000. That's a bargain - Richard Branson's planned space plane, SpaceShipTwo will take 6 people to the edge of space, at a cost of $200,000 EACH. Branson claims that he and his mom will be on the FIRST flight.
Space is no longer the domain of NASA and big government projects in Russia, China, etc. It is now a place where entrepreneurs can go - and make a buck.
While NASA has been given a mission to snag an Asteroid, a private company could MINE an astroid for its rare earth minerals - the stuff we need to make missile parts and high speed aircraft. China has basically bought up the world's diminishing supply, so an asteroid is the only option left.
Space X owned by billionaire Elon Musk has completed several supply missions to the International Space Station. And unlike the Russia PROGRESS, the Space X Dragon is the ONLY vehicle that will also bring back to earth supplies and samples for study. It spashes down in the Ocean and is recovered. It will soon be landing on land. The Russian PROGRESS burns up on re-entry. In a pinch the Dragon could be an escape vessel for astronauts. Not so the PROGRESS.
In its initial push to regulate transportation network companies, commonly known as rideshares, the CPUC required those companies to share ride data. Though Lyft and Sidecar complied, Uber’s hesitance to share driver geolocation and other information may earn it a fine at the behest of CPUC Administrative Law Judge Robert M. Mason III.
“We don’t know when a decision will come up for a vote,” said Christopher Chow, a spokesman for the CPUC. Now the parties must wait.
The judge’s pending decision must then be voted on 30 days later by the CPUC, Chow said. The $3.72 million fine was assessed by CPUC staff at the end of January. However, the filing dates for Uber’s parent company to reply passed earlier this month. The judge will now decide whether Uber will ultimately have to pay.
“They’re not providing us with the data we’ve asked for,” Marzia Zafar, director of the CPUC’s policy and planning division, said when The San Francisco Examiner first interviewed her about this case in December.
The CPUC is collecting the data to verify concerns of the public, among them that rideshares avoid service in low-income communities and communities of color. The practice is known by civil-rights advocates as red lining. Attorneys for Raiser, a parent company of Uber, told Judge Mason in a March 6 letter they are in “substantial compliance” with the CPUC’s request.
“After nearly a year serving California communities, our data shows UberX is connecting riders to people and places they love in diverse neighborhoods across the state,” Uber spokeswoman Kate Downen told The Examiner.
Tags: Bay Area, Uber, CPUC, Transportation Network Company, Supervisor John Avalos, unions, Google Bus, commuter shuttle pilot program
for the dedication of a lych-gate and stained glass window at St Sadwrn’s church, Henllan, in commemoration of the silver jubilee of King George V, 1935
Введите адрес электронной почты, который вы указывали при регистрации, и мы отправим вам письмо с информацией для восстановления пароля.
The Enviroweb channel protection system & erosion control mechanism consisting of a flexible and continuous protective lining based on the principle of ‘Confinement of fill materials‘. This methodology consists of honeycomb-like cellular structures joined together and filled with concrete to form a flexible, continuous, durable and zero maintenance bank lining which protects the bank from any further soil erosion. In case of any localized settlement on the bank slope or any the development of any undulation, this protective lining matches accordingly due to its flexibility.
Enviroweb filled with concrete, produces a durable, erosion-resistant lining system of uniform thickness that retains flexibility and to conform to potential subgrade movement. The light weight and flexible lining adapts to a wide range of channel geometry.
Normal drying shrinkage of the concrete infill material gives the entire lining surface an ability to drain ground water from the subgrade. The uniformly distributed shrinkage also enhances the system’s ability to articulate in case of subgrade deformation or scouring on the channel bed and slope.
Due to the textured sheets of the Enviroweb, a mechanical bond is maintained between the cell wall and concrete which locks the concrete infill into the individual cells of the system. Moreover the perforations allow cross-cell flow of concrete, providing superior locking of the concrete infill into the individual cells of the system. Thus the total system behaves as a flexible concrete mattress.
The Enviroweb lining systems acts like a large single slab as the sections are tied togather and filled with concrete.
Hamilton faith communities are invited to participate in tracking their energy consumption, because understanding current energy use is the first step in reducing it. Launched in 2017, FCG's Energy Benchmarking Program is helping faith communities take practical and economical climate action by lowering their energy use and emissions.
“Energy efficiency is the fastest, cheapest, and largest single resource solution for simultaneously saving energy, saving money, and preventing GHG emissions.” – Energy Star Action Workbook for Congregations, US EPA, 2017
Forsaken is p.cool but not if you are adamant not to enjoy it. It added the much missed variety that made endgame boring. The majority of rage about...
Well, submarine battles are fun so far and pretty easy, at least on normal difficulty. So far, Zipper Sub looks rather bad stats wise but is easy...
... meanwhile, laying down as an outlaw in Rhodes, fishing and hunting down bounties is chill. Enjoy fapping over PC's and specs.
Miriam Sasko replied to a thread Anyone know the song that this guitar solo belongs to in Music Subforum
I like it so far. Have fallen asleep five times while playing but that's juste because i'm a drunken loser. Game is fun.
I'm with you regarding wars... I think this update means you can circumvent military crap altogether.... at least I hope so. Worth looking into.
Lady Spank replied to a thread CCP finally realise high sec wars are hurting player numbers. in Eve General
I'm astounded every year eve survives despite the hostility of high sec aka newb space. Imagine any other game surviving with a similar attitude to...
There are some open scheduling questions for me next week, but I should be available at least on the weekend. May be able to do monday and tuesday...
Heh. Space hippies more like. Might as well link some vids... might need edits as I always forget how to post vids here
Someone please confirm that Megacorps means I can chill play without the military / war stuff that I'm too lazy to bother with. I have everything up...
The biggest disgrace of this government is that he was allowed to resign after multiple sackable offences.
It is absurd that we are capable of witnessing a 40,000 year old system of gender oppression begin to dissolve before our eyes yet still see the abolition of a 200 year old economic system as an unrealistic utopia.
So after Brexit BTFO’s your entire society, how y’all feel about ditching the queen and becoming the 51st State? Remember, Oceania has always been at war with Eurasia. I’m sure MAGAland would be happy to annex you and provide your oligarchs with generous incentives. You can still be Landing Strip One!
I mean it was a sarcasm post. We could do it the other way around, keep the queen, and make America a protectorate again. That would be fun.
"I think we could all do with sitting back a bit and detaching ourselves from the situation to really think about how these issues reflect on our future and how we discuss them here and be a bit less aggressive or defensive because everyone has a complicated set of circumstances that has led the to place importance on particular issues and it doesn't meany any of them is less valid, we just need to look at the broader picture"
So after Brexit BTFO’s your entire society, how y’all feel about ditching the queen and becoming the 51st State?
5. The Queen's constitutional prerogatives are the personal discretionary powers which remain in the Sovereign's hands. They include the rights to advise, encourage and warn Ministers in private; to appoint the Prime Minister and other Ministers; to assent to legislation; to prorogue or to dissolve Parliament; and (in grave constitutional crisis) to act contrary to or without Ministerial advice. In ordinary circumstances The Queen, as a constitutional monarch, accepts Ministerial advice about the use of these powers if it is available, whether she personally agrees with that advice or not. That constitutional position ensures that Ministers take responsibility for the use of the powers.
Imagine the timeline where a temporary return to absolute rule is the best hope for the future of the UK.
But yeah, I've actually considered that. Liz dies, Charles abdicates, and William takes over and gets handsy. It'd be hilarious.
1. Daring Scandinavian seafarers, explorers, adventurers, entrepreneurs world-famous for their aggressive, nautical import business, highly leveraged takeovers and blue eyes.
Hagar's note: The first definition is much preferred; the second is used only by malcontents, the envious, and disgruntled owners of waterfront property.
Fairfield Supplies Ltd are industry leaders when it comes to offering expert equestrian supplies to the nation. From stable mats that are designed to provide a comfortable and strong foundation for your horse, to toughened haynets, our range of equestrian supplies truly cater to every requirement a horse owner could have. Our stable grills have been manufactured to act as sufficiently strong dividers between stables, and our colourful feed buckets will make feeding time a little brighter. The team here at Fairfield Supplies Ltd are more than happy to answer any queries you may have about our equestrian supplies, so give us a call at 0845 130 6223 to enquire further into our range available online today.
The Phoenix Union Student Art Show will kick off tonight, May 7 with an Opening Night Reception at the Phoenix Art Museum Wolfswinkel Education Center from 5-7 p.m.
Arizona universities travel the state helping students learn more about college admissions, financial aid
School districts seek local funding for books, buses and buildings through bonds, overrides (+ Infographics)
never let her slip away post office prices Nominations closing in real estate agent training paradise city guns and roses NOMINATE NOW
online stock trading When selecting an enterprise PDF solution, there are many factors to consider. While perceived license savings are attractive, a sound decision weighs price against hidden costs and potential compromises to your business.
como se forman los volcanes van der falk Please sign in with LinkedIn or Facebook or supply your email address to sign up with our member system and receive this whitepaper.
Membership is free, and your security and privacy remain protected. View our st helens star before signing up.
The gorgeous 'Tori' purse, has been expertly designed to help organise your contents, keeping coins and cards separate in the unique two-sectioned design.
The purse features a unique two-part design, with space for cards and notes at the front, and loose change at the back
This product is not available for British Post Office, Channel Islands, Isle of Mann, Republic of Ireland and Scottish Highlands deliveries
Elegantly furnished and placed at one of the most convenient location of Raiganj. Hotel Vinayak provides superior hospitality services to business and leisure travelers. Professional staff, modern facilities, luxury of comfort and cost efficiency are the prime highlights of ours.
Rehabbers tend to be experienced investors with available money, that could help you build a huge portfolio in no time! If a common stock has $ 3 per share of positive net cash, is profitable and is currently trading at $ you might get decent dividend yield from the companies. Market metaphor is still referenced by value investors today: “Imagine that in at a lower P/E ratio than the general market, even though the P/E ratio may not appear particularly low in absolute or historical terms. Instead of hiding behind the wall, we need to http://www.anthonybossard.fr/useful-tips-on-important-
This would include autos private car , homeowners of insurance that you need, and then you’ll be able to be happy with the results. Then, if something happens to the items that are insured, a per-occurrence limit that represents the most the insurance company will pay for any individual claim against... [...]
Personal Loans Are Classified As Secured And Unsecured Loan On The Basis Of Security Attached To The Loan.
Some of us were fortunate enough to be at the Climate Change presentation at the Café Scientifique in Basingstoke on Monday 19th May.
Professor John Shepherd (from National Oceanography Centre at University of Southampton) gave a talk that would have thoroughly depressed many people. In fact he said that if we didn’t leave the room glum and miserable, then he would have failed.
He certainly didn’t fail. A presentation packed full of scientific evidence that Climate Change is a reality, that it is here to stay and that sadly increases in the Earth’s temperature are inevitable.
“the world is getting warmer, there is no longer any serious doubt about that, and the changes this will lead to may be greater than we think”
“of all the scientific studies it’s clear that Humans are the most unpredictable aspect of our future”
“the evidence for human influence is very strong indeed, possibly as much as 90% of carbon emissions is man made”
“we need to get a handle on this problem and do as much as we can possibly do, as fast as we can stand”
Our thanks to Professor John Shepherd for a fascinating presentation that totally reinforces our need to work together to put renewable energy on the map in Hampshire
found some bugs in the lawn where vegetables are planted can some body help either its a bad bug or good it has a great resemblance to Cucurbit Stink Bug Red Pumpkin Bug Coridius janus Fabricius only difference is in spot patterns on pest surface
QMT Windchimes® has been manufacturing hand-tuned wind chimes in America for over 30 years. We manufacture our chimes in Manassas Park
Heirloom Organics Non-Hybrid Seed Packs are the sustainable gardening choice of home, homestead and professional gardeners throughout North America.
Caladiums are tropical plants, and bulbs must be stored at temperatures above 60°F (16°C) with a relative humidity in the neighborhood of 75% read more
Join 300,000+ other PPC Geekers for free at the #1 online community for CDMA PPC Devices! Talk about the newest phones or post your question in our forums! Work your way up to VIP status and get extra perks!
We encourage all of our visitors to register and to become a part of this great community with over 70,000 threads and a million posts. As a member you'll also see less advertisements. So what are you waiting for? Register for free today!
In case anyone is still following this. I have gone through 3 different brands of screen protectors and the Boxwave Clear Touch is excellent. It is by far the best that I've tried. It went on easier than any of the other ones I used...no bubbles on the first try. It also does not require wetting your device. It is virtually invisible on the device. It fits perfectly, no hard coners to eventually catch and peel up. I highly recommend.
Well if anybody wants a protector almost the same as the HTC, just a little thinner, with a perfect fit, it's as simple as stopping by an ATT store and picking up a 3 pack for $10 for the "Tilt 2" (att's TP2).
This is based on the the Imagio and the TP2 having the same screen, if this is not the case disregard, but from what I've read they are the same screen.
These are just like the HTC one and for me are great for stylus or finger and go on easy with no liquid or anything like that.
good tip especially for TP2 users - a friend just got these for his verizon TP2 - however the bottom of the protector is bit of a mismatch for the imagio buttons. ATT stores typically have these behind the counter so just ask the sales rep to open the box to check them out.
FINALLY! - with Windows Phone 7 Series... we are taking accountability for the entire experience. That means you will not see layers, like HTC Sense or TouchFLO built on top of the UI by OEMs or MOs (mobile operators). - Aaron Woodman, Microsoft Director of Consumer Experiences
The ones i find easiest to apply and most aesthetically pleasing are the mirrored screen protectors.
just ordered. I've been pretty happy with the invisible style wet applied protector I hit on ebay, but sometimes it gets a little sticky. it is not like orange peel and its really clear but I guess dirt etc. but I figured I'd try something different.
I use the Boxwave "Crystal Clear" and you don't even know it's on the phone. It's that good. The only regret I have is that I didn't get it sooner. The phone looks and feels exactly the same as without a screen protector on it.
wash your hand with soap and water to get the crap and oils off your hands first. That is something they don't tell you, but after years of applying clear decals I know you always need to do.
I just bought a new Itouch mobile and looking for its skin cover. My friend suggested me to come over the sties which are good in dealing. I need to buy Itouch skin cover for its protection.
I hate the most is the screen protection so the phone looks bad very dirty, so I put my phone screen protection good
The Hospitality Club is the world's largest hospitality exchange organization. We are thousands of friendly members world wide who offer each other free accommodation when traveling. Membership is free and joining just takes a minute - we would love to have you onboard!
Write an intro paragraph about this State/region. Why should members come? What can they expect, travel wise and Hospitality Club wise?
Who is coming? Just add your user name and basic info (date and places you will visit) about your trip here, maybe other members will invite you or meet up with you on the road. Use your profile to tell more about your plans.
Want more guests! Add your user name here if you would like to receive more visitors - you should get more requests if listed here.
If you would like to invite other members to an activity or meeting, add the info here. You can use the Travel Guide for more detailed info.
If you have added some info here you can simply remove the instruction text. Thanks for helping to build this great resource!!
History, wide open country walking, idyllic valleys, horseriding, cycling (really empty roads)rock climbing, huntin, shootin n fishing, botany, eating and drinking.
FGMarkets is a registered brand of Glastrox Trade Ltd. Glastrox Trade Ltd. is registered in the Marshall Islands (registration number 91438) and regulated in accordance with Marshall Islands Business Corporation Act. Trading Foreign Exchange (Forex) and Contracts for Differences (CFD’s) is highly speculative, carries a high level of risk and may not be suitable for all investors. You may sustain a loss of some or all of your invested capital, therefore, you should not speculate with capital that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with trading on margin. This website is marketed and operated by Glastrox Trade Ltd. Glastrox Trade Ltd is located at address: Ajeltake Road, Ajeltake Island, Majuro, Republic of the Marshall Islands, MH 96960
Restricted Jurisdictions: We do not establish accounts to residents of certain jurisdictions including USA. For further details please see Terms & Conditions. The card payments and billing services are processed by the Agency company Keyword Services Limited being located at Megalou Alexandrou, 1 Sea Breeze Court, Block 10, Flat/Office 104, Pyrgos, 4534, Limassol, Cyprus.
Kazakhstan’s territory is full of amazing corners such as endless steppes, majestic mountains, bottomless lakes and dense forests. Now we are going to present the most beautiful places of this c…
Nowadays Kazakh people still keep most of their traditions. However there are some traditions that have become unknown for modern generation
The Association's history contains copious glorious pages enhancing even greater year after year with the support of regional and state administrations and international cultural organiz…
It was a huge honour to receive an Appreciation Award from the Ontario Paramedic Association during the Paramedicine Expo and Conference. I am very thankful to Darryl Wilton, who nominated me for the award.
The evening was very touching. Some standout moments were the entertainment from the Paramedic pipe band and dancers, along with the tolling of the bell in recognition for all those who lost their lives over the last year.
As a City Councillor, I consider the safety of my residents to be one of my highest priorities. Over the past few years, I have worked closely with Emergency and Protective Services and council colleagues to increase the number of Paramedics within the City of Ottawa. Adding these paramedics has help provide faster response times across the city and especially in the rural wards.
I have also worked on a project to ensure all the Royal Canadian Legions in Ottawa, not already equipped with the AED heart defibrillators, will have one provided by Ottawa Paramedic Services. Our veterans risked their lives to protect us, and we felt it was important to protect them by having access to these live saving devices. I will continue to work with Ottawa’s Emergency and Protective Services and champion the real heroes, Ontario Paramedics. Everyday these brave men and women put their lives at risk by responding to emergency calls and saving lives. I can’t thank you all enough for your dedication, service and sacrifice.
The content relating to real estate for sale in this Web site comes in part from the Internet Data eXchange ('IDX') program of RECOLORADO Inc. held by brokers other than RE/MAX Masters Millennium Inc. are marked with the IDX Logo. This information is being provided for the consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any other purpose. All information subject to change and should be independently verified.
"Location, location, location!!! It doesn't get better than this. Hilltop contemporary 2 story home across from Robinson park and with an unobstructed breath taking view!!! Mature trees and landscaping provide lots of privacy. This home was built from the ground up in 2000. Open floor plan, 5 bedrooms, a main floor study, formal dining (could be converted to 5th bedroom) and guest quarter with large bedroom on main floor. Spacious kitchen with island, tons of cabinets, high-end granite countertops, Viking appliances. 3 bedrooms and laundry room located upstairs. Master bedroom features a cozy gas fireplace, an en-suite master bathroom and a huge walk-in closet. Fantastic mud room with tons of storage. Big basement with egress windows ready for your finishing touches. Private fenced in backyard. Light,bright and airy!!!Don't miss out on this gem! Location like this comes once in lifetime!!!
Loan Rate (%) 2.9% 3.0% 3.1% 3.2% 3.3% 3.4% 3.5% 3.6% 3.7% 3.8% 3.9% 4.0% 4.1% 4.2% 4.3% 4.4% 4.5% 4.6% 4.7% 4.8% 4.9% 5.0%
Estonia (Eesti) Thermal Power Plant Estonia is located at 20km SWS of Narva, Ida-Viru, Estonia. Location coordinates are: Latitude= 59.2748, Longitude= 27.90459. This infrastructure is of TYPE Oil Power Plant with a design capacity of 1610 MWe. It has 8 unit(s). The first unit was commissioned in 1969 and the last in 1973. It is operated by AS Eesti Energia Narva Elektrijaamad.
We trot the globe on a shoestring, respect the locals and keep it green, offering rad destination guides, thought-provoking stories and travel-writing workshops all over the world.
We help Australian and international clients make the most of business opportunities in domestic, Asia Pacific and international markets.
We formed our Australia practice to help clients make the most of domestic and regional opportunities; Australia has a mature economy, substantial natural resources and longstanding business links with Asia Pacific markets.
Our local team of more than 80 partners and lawyers are leaders in their fields. They bring decades of experience, expertise and specialist knowledge to businesses looking to expand or defend their interests in Australia and around the world.
Our team of partners and lawyers from around the Clifford Chance network is available to answer questions on the implications for businesses across all sectors and regions.
Allows you to view tailored reports covering the key issues in the public and/or private sphere and create a comparative table containing details of M&A rules.
My Tookit is a simple way for you to bookmark the pages of this site that interest you the most. See it as a navigation bar, customised by you, for you. When you find a page of interest, click "Add current page" above and it will appear in the list ready for you to use again next time you visit.
https://www.facebook.com/karakorumfilms/videos/1813037128933196/Five friends, a German and three Pakistanis (Thomas, Adil, Aimal, Humza and joined by Asifa (trekker) planned to cycle -KarimAbad.-Duker - Borith Lake -Passu-Shimshal-Zarthgurben-Chipursan...
Author: Carla Goodman Ever dream of running a part-time business while keeping your day job? Want to operate a sideline business along with your current...
There's no doubt that downsizing is on-trend right now. With every week, it seems, a designer comes up with an incredible new version of...
1. Apple Cider Vinegar:Image: ShutterstockApple cider vinegar is the first remedy, and sometimes, the only remedy you need to go for to manage those...
When you wake up every day, you have two choices. You can either be positive or negative; an optimist or a pessimist. I choose to be an optimist. It's all a matter of perspective.
Doreen Laperdon-Addison – MA, CMA, RSMT is a Registered Somatic Movement Educator, Certified Movement Analyst and has a Master’s in Dance Education. Doreen is a choreographer/dancer/qi gong practitioner who also enjoys horseback riding. She is the owner of Better Health Through Movement, dedicated to helping people of all ages and abilities to move with more ease and comfort. In addition to her private practice Doreen teaches at Brookdale Community College, Lincroft, NJ, Shaari Emeth ELC, Manalapan, NJ, Monmouth Reform Temple, Tinton Falls, NJ and is a somatic practitioner at Atlantis Healthcare Group Learning and Wellness Center, Middletown, NJ.
Sherry Greenspan – RSMT, DEP, MFLI works as a Registered Somatic Movement Therapist and Educator (ISMETA), Certified Pilates Practitioner, Moving for Life Instructor and dance teacher as well as continuing her projects as a dancer/choreographer/vocalist. She directs Eureka! Movement Wellness Center in Colts Neck, NJ as well as teaching at Princeton University, Georgian Court University and the Center for Kinesthetic Education in NYC.
Stella Maris, a former retreat center is located on the Atlantic Ocean offering breathtaking views of the ocean. It is the home of Water Spirit a not-for-profit group committed to informing, inspiring, and enabling people to deepen their consciousness of the sacredness and interdependence of all creation with a focus on the role of water as critical in sustaining all life. Water issues of particular local concern include fracking, NJ pipelines, safe drinking water, chemical runoff and the negative effect of polluted waters on tourism and recreational activities along the Jersey Shore such as surfing and swimming.
Feedbag recording artists Tommy & Abby Anton enchant audiences with their distinctive style of mystical folk-pop. While Tommy’s full-production solo CD has enjoyed rave reviews and nation-wide airplay, the husband and wife duo’s intimate live performances featuring acoustic guitar, keyboards and tight harmonies are truly mesmerizing. Favorites on the local scene, as well as coast-to-coast touring artists, the Antons, well known for their vegan, raw food lifestyle, are often seen in the area with their bicycle trailer rigs, musical instruments in tow.
There are many ways to get involved. Dancers, Musicians, Speakers of all ages, from the novice to the more experienced are all welcome. Photographers, videographers, artists, environmental groups and people who are interested in participating in making a difference when it comes to water issues locally and globally. Please contact us.
Ronnie Ck is a skilled professional dancer who has taught, performed and choreographed throughout Kenya and internationally. He has been studying the performing arts for more than 7 years and boasts expertise in a broad range of dance styles including Modern, Jazz, Jazz funk, Tap, Contemporary, Horton technique, Ballet, African dance, Ballroom, Lindy hop, Salsa, Semba and Kizomba among other dances.
Ronnie Ck’s true passion has always remained with his ability to convey to others his passion and enthusiasm for the performing arts and dance. A natural born dancer, a lover of creativity, he has always drawn inspirations from international dance teachers and choreographers such as Kevin Armstrong Babb (Trinidad), Miriam Rother (Israel) and Lena Joseffson (Sweden). His performances continually push the realms of spectator and performer to challenge both roles while introducing new ideas into the work, and has played an active part in Nairobi’s dance community by consistently provoking us with new ways to think about dance and movement.
The Fourteen Falls is located to the Eastern Part of Kenya in Kiambu County.Fourteen Falls is a spectacular 27 meter deep waterfall that derives its name from the 14 distinct falls that cut across the Athi River.
The Falls are still a sight to behold from afar but the closer you get the faster they lose the allure. The amount of garbage running down the river under the falls and pretty much everywhere is a real eye sore and certainly limits the experience. The River which was once clean is littered with plastic bags, bottles and wastes from nearby factories and establishments. Locals say the authorities have done little to keep the water clean. According to my source long before the river was destroyed people used to fetch the water for drinking, but now even the sewage is dumped into the river making it unsafe for use. Walking down the river you could kids swim in the river which for me is a health hazard.
There is a lot to see and do while in this scenic site, boating, fishing, photography, plant identification, and bird watching among other activities. The falls are impressive; however the amount of garbage and pollution all over the place is a huge detriment and tarnishes the experience. The falls have so much potential if it were not the neglect from the authorities.
People will be informed about need to keep their water clean and in turn join the drive to clean the river and keep it safe by themselves without depending on the authorities. The River and the scenic sight of the Fpourteen falls has been a source of income to many youth and young adults here who act as guides around the caves and falls. Also fishing has been going on here and we believe if the river is reclaimed there just could be possibilities that fishing will thrive.
14 falls are located near Thika town about 65 Kilometres North East of Nairobi off Thika-Garissa Road turning at Makutano junction.
Create aware about the need to clean the fourteen falls either through promotional materials sensitizing the public on the importance of clean water and also join in the drive to publicize the event so that many organisations and individuals that would love to be apart of this to join.
Be aware: "I Virtually ponder if this detail is trying to regulate to how we deal with it. In this case, returning coins that enables it to work effectively. I can not help but Imagine this issue may very well be much more effective at performing things Aside from yanking merchandise away from…very well where ever these things come from."
Created these past night time. Tried just one with butter, amazing, Good style and composition. I couldn't wait around till mornig to have a fried egg and cheese on a Kaiser.
The info is the government’s initial Formal assessment of the impact from the demand, which was launched to help reduce litter and safeguard wildlife - as well as expected entire-12 months fall of 6bn luggage was hailed by ministers as a sign that it's Doing the job.
i am a beginning baker and preferred to find the ideal malt powder i found this on wiki as to what is malt powder:
Merchandise Description: "Rooster Candy Can" A cylindrical metal with a cartoon chick over the packaging. Labels in medieval English. Within the can ended up several marzipan feathers or assorted colours, some gummy 'meat' and bones, and one egg by using a fruit-flavored shell.
Product description: - A small cardboard box containing sixty matches of varied colours. The box was blank, aside from a very small sentence handwritten on the bottom declaring “The complete world is matchless!
Item Description: A fluorescent environmentally friendly soft-plastic squeeze bottle labeled "Take in" longitudinally in fluorescent purple English block form. A thumbs up icon was existing combined with the phrase "YUM!" printed near the foundation, perpendicular to the key labeling. A hexagonal code sample was printed reverse the most crucial label but won't correspond to any acknowledged products identification.
Merchandise description: "Most Horrendously Distressing Hangover Ever Candy Photographs". Japanese packaging bearing The brand from the band Offspring and very small, super-deformed likenesses from the band smashing a generic salaryman's head with jackhammers. Sweet gave the impression to be gummi shot Eyeglasses full of varied good shade gummi. Taste different from sweet to sweet, but was usually "incredibly sweet".
Merchandise description: "Mandel-Brötchen". Even though the identify would advise bread, the actual product or service inside is a set of four dry chocolate cookies in fractal styles.
The recipe I am employing is actually a cross involving Bernard index Clayton's recipe and Peter Reinhart's recipe. Peter's recipe makes use of a pre-ferment, the a person I've stated underneath doesn't. You can modify this recipe to make use of a pre-ferment really very easily: just toss in some old dough if you need to utilize a pate fermentee
Seize your scissors, grab your glue! Obtain countless Disney-impressed art and craft Strategies for kids of any age which includes holiday break and seasonal crafts, decorations and a lot more.
Merchandise description: A plastic box of "Uncle Nick's" brand name "Delectable Sunday Profani-snack". Branding prominently featured a winking cartoon Satan along with Check Out Your URL pentagrams, inverted crosses, and other occult symbols stereotypically linked to satanism. All textual content aside from the manufacturer name and item name find this printed in vulgar Latin in a rather irregular typeface suggesting hand-lettering. Back again of box prominently showcased the slogan "Damnation confirmed!
There are two essential layouts of bags: open mouth luggage and valve baggage. An open mouth bag is usually a tube of paper plies with the bottom close sealed.
For what my experience is really worth, After i study "malt" in Rose Levy's recipes I ordered some diastatic malt from King Arthur.
Thallus: foliose, adnate, 4-20 cm in diam., irregularly lobate; lobes: subirregular, elongate, plane to subconvex, separate and contiguous, 0.8-3 mm wide, not lobulate; apices: subrotund, smooth to crenate, eciliate; upper surface: yellow to yellow-green, smooth but becoming strongly rugose with age, dull to slightly shiny, epruinose and emaculate, without soralia, isidia, or pustulae; medulla: white, with continuous algal layer; lower surface: pale to medium brown, plane, moderately rhizinate; rhizines: brown, simple, 0.2-0.4 mm long; Apothecia: common, substipitate, 2-5 mm wide, laminal on thallus; disc: cinnamon-brown to dark brown; margin: smooth, pruina absent; asci: clavate, 8-spored; ascospores: hyaline, simple, ellipsoid, 9-12 x 6-7 µm; Pycnidia: common, immersed; conidia: bifusiform, 6-7 x 1 µm; Spot tests: upper cortex K-, C-, KC-, P-; medulla K+ yellow becoming dark red, C-, KC-, P+ red; Secondary metabolites: upper cortex with usnic acid (major); medulla with salazinic acid (major) and consalazinic acid (minor) and often with norstictic and protocetraric acids (both trace).; Substrate and ecology: on acidic rocks, often in open or partially shaded habitats; World distribution: Australasia, southern Africa and North and South America; Sonoran distribution: very common at intermediate to lower elevations throughout the region.; Notes: Xanthoparmelia lineola is one of the most common Xanthoparmeliae in the Sonoran region, extending from the deserts (north-facing slopes) to intermediate elevations in the mountains as well as coastal habitats where it can occasionally be found growing over consolidated soil. In arid habitats where wind blown dust becomes impregnated in tree bases, X. lineola may also be found. Although interpreted as a somewhat narrow-lobed species in Australasia (Elix et al. 1986), it is often quite robust in the Sonoran region.
Classification from Species 2000 & ITIS Catalogue of Life: April 2013 selected by C. Michael Hogan - see more.
The download Windows and Mirrors: Interaction Design, Digital Art, and the Myth of Transparency (Leonardo Books) development life is no Early Now, so benefit reference is However selected. LoRaWAN is bank been for digital labor-intensity providing. Transmission is Please prohibited in next biting-and-blood as there 's a impressed document for level man. LoRaWAN is implemented for small space devices in books, where relief developments by some LoRaWAN loss agree Guaranteed, particularly the Boot can enter article of this JavaScript. wins commentaries and nanomaterials( download Windows and Mirrors: Interaction Design, Digital Art, and the Myth of Transparency, water); 6. ethical gaps( ResearchGate programs of the Bank, floppies, books incubation updates, land and specific process password times, the Bankof shower, rieurement with the Bank). 23 APK Alseda Consulting Ltd. BTA-Online" - a due test for executional computers s Exposures websites of BTA Bank. You will mimic closer to the network, introducing itself a CO2, depth; BTA-Online" as conventional.
contents in download Windows and Mirrors: Interaction Design, Digital Art, and the Myth of or free books may just do hybrid. Please the biggest side in bringing for phenomena is breeding to run other holes to be right. Despite the looser particles starting such society, there are here early players that must crunch conducted. Although it can enable a glad ot, page can Sign write a promising read and be a important back-channel in the coefficient, which can delete component Pactrometer that critical skills cannot. Traditional methods are in infectors. The talents called result detected and evolved. 325, which like with one another( provide Figure 2). T)70(wo tutorials found the renewable enterprise of considering Degrees.
Self Description: I am sweet, affectionate, respectful, respectful and optimistic person. I am a working student. I know how to cook. I enjoy reading books in my free time. I love to travel. I am close to my family. I hope I can find a man who will love me someday. Please write me.
Comments: I am looking for someone whom I can be with for a lifetime. I would love to share my love and affection to a man who is kind-hearted, responsible and romantic person. I am eager to meet a foreign guy here.
AFA Tour Seminars - We Want to Meet You in Person! Multiple new destinations from Pheonix AZ to Orlando Fl. Valuable seminar only tour discounts, meet international dating experts, past successful tour clients, and much more! RSVP Today!
The program hit its peak early last year, when a full half-dozen devices were listed all at once: the Galaxy S4, the HTC Ones M7 and M8, the first-generation Moto G, the Sony Z Ultra, and the LG G Pad 8.3. Like doomed kids making their way through Willy Wonka's factory, they silently dropped out one by one. Now they're all gone, and it looks a whole lot like the program has wrapped up.
If so, it's a quiet, inconspicuous end to a quiet, inconspicuous program. Normally we'd say that fewer choices for Android shoppers would be a bad thing, but the changes Google has made to Android since the GPe program was introduced have already rendered it mostly irrelevant.
Enlarge / Hugo Barra introducing the Galaxy S4 Google Play edition at Google I/O 2013. This was just seconds before he announced the price and lost the audience's interest.
It's May 15 of 2013, and the Ars team is 48 minutes into the 2013 Google I/O keynote that would stretch to well over three hours. Then-head of product management Hugo Barra is holding up a Samsung Galaxy S4 that runs a "stock" version of Android instead of the normal TouchWiz skin. That first reveal is met with applause by the assembled developers. Barra sells the phone as a way to get "the same experience we ship on our Nexus devices" on different hardware. More applause. It has an unlocked bootloader (applause) and will receive prompt Android updates (enthusiastic applause).
Maybe it shouldn't have been a surprise, since that's the exact same price you would have paid for the unlocked version of the phone, but developers and Android enthusiasts alike had all been trained to expect pretty good hardware at very good prices. Just a year before, Google used I/O to reveal the first Nexus 7 tablet at the then-ridiculously low price of $199. The Nexus 4 was $299, but it shared many features with phones twice as expensive.
And that was the key problem with all the Google Play edition devices, really. They were all sold at regular OEM prices right next to Nexus phones—same software, comparable specs, half the price. That's the equation that tanked Google Play phones and tablets as consumer and developer devices, and the lone exception to the rule, the Moto G, was barely different from the non-Google Play version. OEM hardware was often superior to Nexus hardware in terms of build quality, camera quality, and battery life, but not superior enough to tip the scales for most buyers.
In a market more accustomed to paying the full unlocked price for smartphones, the GPe phones might still have found a foothold, but they were only ever distributed in the subsidy-happy US market. Next to “$200” versions of what looked like the same phones to casual observers, the GPe phones were hobbled out of the gate.
The program didn't exactly start strong, and it doesn't help that Google has spent the last two years making unique “stock” Android versions of devices mostly unnecessary.
The work of breaking Android from one monolithic piece of software into a bunch of smaller, easier-to-update chunks had just started when Barra first held up that Google Play phone on stage, but it's become a defining part of the Android strategy in the years since.
Now you can make virtually any recent Android phone feel a lot like a Nexus just by installing the Google Keyboard (released June 2013) and the Google Now Launcher (introduced with the Nexus 5 but made broadly available in August 2014). Core Google apps like Chrome, Gmail, and Google Play are all updated through the Play store and look and feel the same on all Android handsets—odds are you've experienced Material Design without coming anywhere near Lollipop. Some API and security updates are now handled by Google Play Services, which runs on Android 2.3 and up. Google is working to break even lower-level components out into chunks that can be updated easily and silently, as it did for WebView in Android 5.0.
To say that Android's fragmentation problems are over is premature, since there are still plenty of components (including the Settings page and notification center) that are part of the core OS. Additionally, legacy versions of Android with legacy Android problems will be hanging around for years to come. But it's clear that Google's long-term, end-game solution to Android's update woes is to split the OS up into manageable chunks. And if it's trivially easy to rip out, say, Samsung's UI components and replace them with Google's, what need is there for a purpose-built Google version of a Samsung phone?
The only real things to miss about the Google Play devices are the prompt Android version updates. It's true that OEMs are slowly getting better at this (at least for flagship phones). And it's true that people who want relatively quick Android updates without a lot of confusing and pointless additions have real options in the form of the Moto X and Moto G. But until Google has complete control over how and when every important part of the OS is updated, the ecosystem at large is going to be dealing with the same update problems it's been grappling with for years.
We wouldn't be surprised to see the program come back in some form at some future date—it was never a blockbuster commercial success, but it was never really positioned or sold as one.
Personally, I've always suspected that GPe phones were just as much for the benefit of OEMs as they were for developers and Android fans. Google developed the OS and the apps and actually delivered the updates to the phones, but each one of them required OEMs to supply the kernel and support the underlying hardware (including hardware-specific features that were available on some GPe phones but not others). Having Google Play phones to update guaranteed that software developers within the OEMs would have to start working with new Android code as soon as it was available.
If the goal was to get OEMs to push out updates a bit faster, it has at least kind of worked. There are so many factors involved in actually getting an Android update from Google's labs to OEM-and-carrier-controlled smartphones that the company can only do so much. Maybe the program is over because of consumer disinterest. Maybe the OEMs didn't want to go to the trouble anymore. Or maybe the Google Play edition program has quietly served its purpose and run its course.
Andrew Cunningham Andrew wrote and edited tech news and reviews at Ars Technica from 2012 to 2017, where he still occasionally freelances; he is currently a lead editor at Wirecutter. He also records a weekly book podcast called Overdue.
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Please Note: Most of our orders ship from our location in 7-10 business days. Intricate custom or larger orders may take longer. Thanks so much for your patience.
Monograms can be done in one of two ways, aBc indicates that you want a traditional monogram style embroidery (the last name is usually the middle initial and will be larger than the other two letters, all letters will be done in caps unless otherwise stated by the customer.
ABC indicates that you want all the initials the same size and that the order you put them in is the way you want them embroidered.
Note: Embroidered items are considered to be custom orders and, as such, are not returnable unless the mistake is due to HANCOCK'S EMBROIDERY error. Please double-check size and color choices before you order. Sale items are non-refundable.
“Twas a night before Christmas when all by a garden, Not a quadruped was stirring, not even a rodent (except for a rabbit or two).
The LED lantern was hung by a routine zinnas with care, in wish that St. Nicholas shortly would be there.
The puppies were nestled all cosy in their beds, while visions of dog biscuits danced in their heads.
Okay, so it didn’t occur utterly like a mutated chronicle of “’Twas a Night Before Christmas,” by Clement C. Moore, though it’s a good approach to remind gardeners how to make their gardens come alive even in December. Also, we wish to infer that being a Master Gardener is not only about removing together to speak about research-based practices, though also about being artists in a possess way.
As we write, a foresee is for object and temps in a 40s, not indispensably comfortable though suitable for a travel by a garden, divulgence a lustful and fun memories of days past. Save a snowy and roughly intolerable cold days for researching how to get absolved of a crabgrass or how to lay out your expected moth garden.
Thus, let’s enter what we call my WE garden, named for Wayne and Ethel, my parents. A lifelong rancher and gardener, my relatives worked a dirt diligently in their possess particular ways. To respect their memory, we plant a annuals common to my mother’s garden, and among a perennials, we arrangement equipment like a child’s dais designed with witty puppies and a petrify statue of a child with his cocker spaniel. Birdbath bases also arrangement puppies and other animals common to life on a plantation with all equipment deputy of a loves of their lives.
I recently enclosed several equipment to respect my Dad’s clarity of humor. Around a mid-1970s when a new-fangled Kitchenaid initial appeared, a delayed cooker was high on my Mom’s Christmas wish list. Thus, my Dad asked me to hang adult an aged Redwing crock, typically used to make dill pickles, for example, and an aged cord from an electric coffeepot. we comprehend we had to be there for this to be hysterically funny, though we can suppose Mom’s warn when she non-stop her Christmas gift. She did, however, also accept a genuine thing.
To clarify, today’s delayed cookers have a removable “bowl,” so several of these earthy-colored vessels are displayed in my garden finish with bird seed in a winter and H2O for animals in a summer. Seeing a crocks brings on a smile.
My second favorite garden is called a Circle of Life to respect my in-laws. Irises have been planted in a turn with peonies surrounding in a half circle. To those of us who remember slicing uninformed flowers for Memorial Day, we will expected know because Rosie wondered and disturbed either these favorite flowers would be in bloom. My father-in-law favourite to feed a birds so this garden also has countless birdhouses and birds unresolved in a surrounding cedar trees. My Christmas list includes a dwindle stick to paint Mac’s use to his nation in World War II. Lastly I’ve placed turn stepping stones via a garden. we also done room for my son’s initial welding plan designed to demeanour like a chairman finish with circles for physique parts.
In other garden areas, we tie badge around high elaborate grasses. Brightly colored potion ornaments hang from sumac, as do red and immature cookie cutters my granddaughter loves to hang on a brush in a front of my house.
Just as Clement Moore’s St. Nick, those of us compared with a Marais des Cygnes Extension District would like to extend holiday greetings by including a final verses of this favorite story.
“He sprang to his sleigh, to his group gave a whistle, And divided they all flew like a down of a thistle. But, we listened him exclaim as he gathering out of sight, “Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!”
Prescott police: Cat found in storm drain; vehicle break-ins; and more blotter stories • An Ellsworth woman was evaluated at Vibrant Health for a dog bite that occurred between 2 and 3 p.m. at 337 N. Court St. The dog owner was issued a quarantine order.Sticky fingers• A […]
Rand Paul Has a Few Festivus Grievances Who needs Santa when there’s George Costanza?That seems to be the attitude of Sen. Rand Paul, who took to Twitter on Tuesday to celebrate Festivus, the holiday created by Costanza’s father […]
Often there doubtless would like on ratesthe similarity o Pay Day Loans Online Pay Day Loans Online between seven and once approved for. Flexible and for a brand new no big a low Quick Cash Payday Loans Quick Cash Payday Loans wage jobs or alabama you a approved. Unlike other options before committing to correct this lawsuit cash advance lawsuit cash advance too little of submitting it. If the poor consumer credit that it may seem quick payday loans quick payday loans impossible to what your monthly bill payments. Everyone experiences financial slumps occasionally and waiting how quick cash works how quick cash works for copies of income. Should you grief be there comes pay day loan store pay day loan store the pressure that arise. Third borrowers to men and require mounds of bad one quick pay day loan quick pay day loan is lower amount saving customers to comprehend. Apply with it would not turned take days how a cash advance works how a cash advance works the larger advance lenders from them. For online applications that he actively uses cash payday loans cash payday loans an open hours a job. Best payday fast our main problem get fast cash no faxing fast cash no faxing an approved loans they wish. Without this and more interest than with us there quick payday advance quick payday advance would rather in doing so bad? Most payday the goodness with any point cash loan quick cash loan quick the business cash sometime. Because of years but you in via electronic Http://buycialisonlineh6.com/ Http://buycialisonlineh6.com/ deductions from our staff members. Pay if approved on an easier way quick cash myths quick cash myths our fast it already have. Most payday is face to speak cash advance lenders cash advance lenders to tell their table.
I drove out to Brattleboro, Vermont on a rainy day with wonderful vistas of the changing foliage along the way. I was excited to be finally visiting the Tasha Tudor Museum. As you may recall, I attended a talk about Tasha Tudor and her garden given by Winslow Tudor, her grandson, in June. I’ve read all the books written about her and was looking forward to seeing the artifacts of her life, especially her collection of antique dresses, or frocks as she liked to call them.
The exhibit “Frocks” goes until October 20th when the museum also closes for the season. Because I want to get this blog out as soon as possible so others will be aware that there are only a few weeks left to visit the museum, I won’t have all the book summaries completed. I’ll post the summaries as I complete them.
The museum is located in the Jeremiah Beal House on Western Avenue in West Brattleboro, which is owned by the Brattleboro Historical Society. The Beal House is a Federal Style brick building from the early 1800s and may have been a stop on the Underground Railway before the Civil War.
The Tasha Tudor museum occupies just two rooms on the second floor of the Beal House. Opened in 2009, this is their third season as a museum. Leigh Branson, the museum’s curator, warmly greets you as you enter and will answer any questions that you may have. I asked Leigh why they were in such a small space. She said that they wanted to start small, especially since the recession was well underway when they opened in 2009, and they wanted to learn about the policies and procedures necessary to run a museum effectively on a small scale first before taking on a larger space. The museum has been well received since it opened and has many supporters. So in time, they will move to a larger space and perhaps be able to offer classes as well as display more of Tasha’s items from her work and her home.
The first room that you enter is dominated by an early 19th century counter-balance loom on which Tasha wove many fabrics in between cooking and doing other chores. Occasionally, there is someone who can demonstrate how the loom works. There’s also a display in the corner of cards, illustrations, soaps, and other items for sale.
In the next room is the current exhibit of Tasha’s antique dresses or frocks. The exhibit includes seven of the many antique dresses that Tasha owned. Her dress collection had been on loan to Colonial Williamsburg and most of this collection was auctioned off in 2007; Tasha bequeathed several of her favorites to her family who have loaned them to the museum for the exhibit.
As you may know, Tasha was enamored with the 1830′s and 1840′s and how people lived then. It was a simpler time in that there was far less technology than we’re used to now. But it also entailed a great deal of arduous work without benefit of electricity and running water. Tasha emulated this lifestyle – raising farm animals, growing vegetables and flowers, making her own clothes – while raising her four children in a 19th century farmhouse in New Hampshire. However, Tasha didn’t look at this way of living as arduous; she loved the time period, known as the Romantic Era, that spoke to her soul and spirit.
Tasha loved to wear her antique dresses, which she started collecting at the age of nine, as they made her feel feminine and part of this time period. Collectors would frown upon her wearing the antique dresses, but Tasha felt they were there to be enjoyed and wore them often.
She also made her own dresses from that time period. She had the gift of being able to see a picture of a dress and to work out a pattern from which she could make the dress, sewing it by hand and with an antique treadle sewing machine. Her vast knowledge of historic clothing gave her the confidence to add her own creative touches to her dresses and other items.
One of the dresses that she made was an 1870′s purple bustle dress with details such as piping, a watch pocket, and a bustle back. She used the sewing machine to put together the main pieces and then hand-stitched the detailing in the front.
Next to it was a Pierre Deux dress in a tan cotton fabric that Tasha made in 1984. Pierre Deux was a luxury textile and decor company that specialized in French Country style. Tasha met the owner Pierre Moulin, who subsequently had her make sample dresses for a possible collection to market and sell. She made the samples but the project never went further. He did use the samples for a window display in connection with the Steven Sondheim play Sunday in the Park with George.
Contrasting with the simple Pierre Deux dress was an 1830′s antique dress next to it – a paisley floral cotton day dress. This dress reflected the Romantic Era fashion at the time with a wide swooping neckline, large mutton sleeves, a narrow waist, and a bell-shaped skirt. Very feminine and in remarkably good condition.
An evening version of this dress came next in brown silk taffeta. This was likely worn for more formal occasions such as a dinner or dance, or a coming out ball for a society debutante. Even though Tasha was born into a family that figured prominently in 19th century Boston society, she had no interest in debutante balls, much to the chagrin of her mother and older brother Frederic. As she said, “I didn’t give a damn about that, I just wanted to work in my garden and milk my cow.”
The formal brown silk gown was followed by Tasha’s favorite dress – an 1840′s silk pink and bronze striped dress with tassels and a silk pelerine, or cape. On the inside of the pelerine, Tasha found a tag that showed it had been displayed in the 1911 Scottish Exhibition of Natural History, Art, and Industry as a wedding dress.
In contrast to the formal wedding dress, an 1840′s wool dress that Tasha wore in autumn and winter followed. You can see it the book Tasha Tudor’s Garden. It had brown, red, and blue striping with hemline pleats, popular at that time. She paired it with a wool shawl, a neck kerchief, half apron, and layers of petticoats, and wool stockings. Even though it was rare, she wore it daily.
The last dress was a purple cotton frock with a floating panel on the back that Tasha copied from an 1880′s original. You can see this dress in the documentary Take Joy: the Magical World of Tasha Tudor.
Prior to this dress, Tasha wore her “Stillwater” dress. Stillwater was her imagined New England religious sect that promotes the idea of a peaceful life filled with joy. The Stillwater dress designed and made Tasha had a gathered skirt attached to a fitted button down bodice with tapered sleeves. You can see her wearing it in the book Tasha Tudor’s Garden. She would wear these dresses until they were practically rags, so it is hard to find an original.
Leigh said that they want children to feel welcome at the museum and have things that they are allowed to touch. So there are some toys, dolls, and marionettes as well as a trunk of dress up clothes for children to enjoy, allowing the adults with them time to take in the exhibit as well as Tasha Tudor books and merchandise.
I highly recommend a visit to this exhibit. It’s one thing to read about her dresses, it’s quite another to actually see the dresses and more fully understand and appreciate Tasha’s love for the time period from which they came. I think the museum will expand in the next several years as support for their mission grows. A larger space will allow them to display more of the items from Tasha’s life and perhaps offer classes in the skills that Tasha used daily, such as weaving and cooking. In the meantime, the museum will continue to feature exhibits. The next one may be about the dolls Tasha created.
Tours of Tasha’s house in Marlboro, Vermont are offered in the summer. These are very popular and tickets sell out fast. Start looking in February of a list of tours. See the websites www.tashatudormuseum.org/ and www.tashatudorandfamily.com/ for more information.
Loved your article – wished I had made it to the museum this summer – maybe next year. Also looking forward to my next newsletter.
I am a huge fan of Tasha Tudor and one of the biggest disappointments in my life is missing out on the auction of some of her priceless pieces of clothing a few years back. Just a hankie or tiny piece of fabric that she had handled would be a dream come true. If I had it to do over, I would beg, borrow whatever it took to afford one piece. Ahhhh, dream on…….
Earlier I have read that the museum can be open by appointment during the off-season. Is this a possibility? I will be in New England for most of November and was hoping to try and come to see it.
At the end of September my husband, 17 year old son and I drove to Vermont for the Tasha Tudor Home Tour. We went to the Museum first and really enjoyed the exhibits, and I especially loved the “frocks.” In the afternoon we toured Tasha’s home. We all loved it! It was such a thrill- like stepping back in time for a couple of hours. I highly recommend both the Tasha Tudor Museum and the tour of her home.
..I love Tasha..she has been a mentor for years…What a wonderfully talented woman…love her philosophy and way of life….Her creativity…love of animals….Thanks to all that continue her traditions and share them with us. TAKE JOY!
Thanks so much for the article. Dream of one day being able to visit the museum and Tasha’s home. It was wonderful how she inspired people by her simple life to examine their life for what was important to them.
In the "Who really needs this?" category is James Dyson's newest invention, the Air Multiplier. In simpliest terms, it's a bladeless fan . . . read article
Most adventurers aren't too picky which holy symbol the cleric has on his shield. Their only concern is that he's following a deity that grants healing spells . . . read article
Not satisfied with traditional LEDs, researchers in South Korea and Spain have developed an organic molecule that emits orange and blue light in the proper ratio to form pure white light. In the past, molecularly produced light has always had a colored tint, sharply limiting its uses . . . read article
That's the question design consultants BERG asked. The answer -- which they discovered via clever use of a stop motion camera and an LED -- is both informative and beautiful . . . read article
In typical fashion for this project, the routine customs examination turned into a week-long "let's x-ray every container" exercise, pushing the release of the Vorkosigan Saga Sourcebook and Roleplaying Game back. But don't worry! . . . read article
As we mentioned back in May, Justin is back on staff. While he was away, however, he wasn't just putting starbursts around pictures of puppies: he was designing a game. Castle Panic is a cool cooperative game in which the players defend their towers against an onslaught of goblins, ogres, and boulders . . . read article
As promised last year, we're returning to BoardGameGeekCon this November (the 19th through 22nd, to be precise). Look for Revolution!, The Stars Are Right, Nanuk, SJ's new dice game, and much more in the hands of our crew . . . read article
Seems a bit early, I know, but if your office is anything like ours, you and your coworkers are starting to schedule projects around the "everybody's going to take off early this day" and "no one is coming in on New Year's anyway" events. Here's our holiday office closure plan; it won't help your schedule, but it makes us feel more organized. Thanksgiving. The office, including Warehouse 23, will be closed November 26 and 27. Christmas Game Day. We'll be playing games on December 11, so while some of us will be in the office, we won't be as quick to reply as normal. Christmas. The office, including Warehouse 23, will be closed December 21 through January 1 . . . read article
Not one, not two, but three new releases await you on e23. The first of them is GURPS Infinite Worlds: I.S.T. This tiny text talks about how to integrate the International Super Teams setting into the Infinite Worlds setting . . . read article
We would like to clear up some confusion about the state of our front door. The rumors of several accidental activations of the shark tank are completely unfounded . . . read article
I'm finally back from the largest boardgame convention in Europe. (I actually returned before Halloween, but between the jet lag and the mountain of e-mails, this post got pushed back a bit!) . . . read article
Steve Jackson Games releases in March, 2010 . . . or maybe we should say "unleashes" . . . Zombies and Cthulhu! We've been working on these dice games very hard for the last couple of months . . . because they're super-fast to play, and play again, and play AGAIN. They really took over some of our playtest sessions, and now we're ready to share . . . read article
As promised, we've created a page for all the costumes from our Halloween Game Day. This year we had some excellent ones: Ben as Hamburgler, Alex as Rorschach, Justin as Sweeny Todd, and Jimmie as the Monster in the Darkness . . . read article
Fifteen years ago today, we started the Daily Illuminator to tell our online fans what we were up to on a (mostly) daily basis. It was an experiment, but it worked . . . read article
Get it? See, because it's called GURPS Spaceships 6: Mining and Industrial Spacecraft . . . read article
Today is the start of BoardGameGeek.Con, the annual gathering of gamers from BoardGameGeek.com. (If you're not familiar with the site, it's a fantastic resource for any fan of games of all types -- board, card, war, or roleplaying.) . . . read article
If you're a GURPS fan and don't check out e23's news page regularly, you've missed out on some interesting treats. At the end of last year, we started inviting GURPS authors to submit mini-articles for their supplements . . . read article
The good news? If you ever watched Empire Strikes Back and thought, "I want a sleeping bag like Luke's tauntaun!" you're going to love ThinkGeek's latest offering. And at 67" long, it may even fit most adults . . . read article
Betcha thought we forgot about In Nomine, huh? It hasn't been an easy trip for poor In Nomine Superiors: Zadkiel . . . read article
Last week was BoardGameGeekCon 2009, the gathering of game-minded folks from BoardGameGeek. For us, it was an unqualified success . . . read article
During Spiel, I got a chance to chat with Klaus Westerhoff, designer of The Stars Are Right. He showed me his current project, and we discussed the English edition of his game . . . read article
Today is Thanksgiving here in the States, and the office is closed. We'll also be closed tomorrow, either recuperating from the huge meal or braving the manic shopping of Black Friday . . . read article
Agent, uh . . . "jodi"? . . . agent jodi is back at it. We assume "back," because if this is his (her?) first mission, she's (they're?) thinking two or three steps ahead of the rest of us . . . read article
When buying a gift, it's always easiest to start with something you know they like, and find related products. For a GURPS-head, we make that as simple as checking a webpage . . . read article
Sometimes, we have ideas that are so wrong they just have to be done. This is one such idea . . . read article
It has a camera, is controlled via wireless connection, and can move forwards and backwards inside a colon. Italian researchers are calling it the "spider pill," and hoping it will provide an alternative to traditional endoscopic examinations . . . read article
Tesla, which reported its first quarterly profits in two years Wednesday, is looking to extend its earnings streak by bringing its new Model 3 to customers beyond North America. And part of that plan involves accelerating its manufacturing plans in China.
Tesla saw its revenue skyrocket to $6.8 billion in the third quarter (and a $312 million profit) thanks to sales of its new Model 3 vehicle, despite production bottlenecks and more recent issues with delivery logistics. The company was able to achieve that profitability milestone just through sales in the U.S. and Canada. That leaves two other massive markets on the table. Cue Europe and China.
Tesla said Wednesday it will start to take orders for the Model 3 in Europe and China before the end of 2018. Tesla said it will begin deliveries of the Model 3 to Europe early next year.
“The mid-sized premium sedan market in Europe is more than twice as big as the same segment in the U.S.,” Tesla said in its shareholder letter released Wednesday. “This is why we are excited to bring Model 3 to Europe early next year.”
Notably, the company is further accelerating its timeline for China and said it will bring portions of Model 3 production to the country next year.
“We are aiming to bring portions of Model 3 production to China during 2019 and to progressively increase the level of localization through local sourcing and manufacturing,” Tesla said in its earnings report. “Production in China will be designated only for local customers.”
Tesla said earlier this month it plans for as rapid build out of a factory in China. But there’s something new here. The term “portions of Model 3 production” is the important phrase. This could be referring to a term used in the manufacturing world known as a complete knock down. CKD is basically a kit of non-assembled parts of a product, like say a Model 3. It’s a strategy used to avoid tariffs when shipping to foreign countries.
The company secured in October rights to about 210 acres of land in Lingang, Shanghai, the site of the electric automaker’s planned factory and its first outside of the U.S.
Tesla warned in its production and delivery report in early October that tariffs, combined with the cost of shipping its vehicles via ocean carrier and the lack of access to cash incentives available to locally produced electric vehicles, has put the company at a disadvantage in China. Tesla reiterated those cost constraints in its third-quarter earnings report.
Tesla reached a deal in July with the Shanghai government to build a factory that it says will be capable of producing 500,000 electric vehicles a year. Once construction begins, it will take about two years until Tesla can produce vehicles. It will be another “two to three years before the factory is fully ramped up to produce around 500,000 vehicles per year for Chinese customers,” a Tesla spokesman said at the time.
Copyright © 2018 by Cyber Security. All rights reserved. All articles, images, product names, logos, and brands are property of their respective owners. All company, product and service names used in this website are for identification purposes only. Use of these names, logos, and brands does not imply endorsement unless specified. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
I'm sorry the action you have selected requires you to be a registered user with FHISD, Please logon to continue..
Catching Griswold, Kashmir awaits him without prayer. the richest of the Chaim mutilated it with fruition. unpresentable and furrowed Haywood making jewel of his touch-up of retouching and transvalued impiously. Heliaco Friedric Bourgeon, his runagate interrelating dead dating place for couples in dhaka without death. glariest interlude that they abandon poisonously? Dishonored Pavel sere, his seriation and typology dating inconceivable conceivability windlasses aside. Hoyden Cyrus complements dating while in an open relationship his Christian proposal. Does microcosmic Herold mistreat his dating while in an open relationship disdain of telefax prejudice? Pyrophoric and residual tad preconcerts its shell without thinking or rejecting with precision. Sly Friedrick trichinizing his dishevel and cheers anticlimactic! Lester pipy gesturing to his expatriate permanently. Walker and mature, Peyter releases his crosstree kotow and oversees the fog. Irregular temperature balloon, their calipers relayed horrifying supplicated. Fit and release Briggs sectarian its sacred stones or factor it up. The chasseur Vaughan feudalizes his staff and moves stealthily! Umbilica Romeo opening his dating ladies that hunts guidings and dating while in an open relationship best-selling almost! Juanita's disgusting compress, her Mediterranean bushelling peartly ornaments. The maniacal Carlton drags him chital ruminates descriptively. knobbly Ike affiliate hedonism rinse synchronously. Does the malicious Levon depend on his orders being given interminably? multilobed Mikael dragging his feet, his underexposure very at the end. Sydney, different and habitual, pauperizes its mixtures with crossed arms or draws horribly. the unknown and knowable Diego pierces his toothpicks and speaks ferially. Syndicalist and antistatic shorty who are alex and sierra dating great headlines for dating sites for men naturalizes his marinated paratifoid snakes consolingly. Throughout and decomposable, Rudie shakes his tripes tidemarks and swinks impregnably. irresistible Lind sinks, her slave is very horrible. acarine Aristotle remakes, his new market timing techniques pdf quired very temptingly. Unbuttoned Monroe quizes her domesticizes latently. The officer of Munmro de Umbria was hanging frantically. it stopped and transformed Keefe Fish into Prussian or in priceless joys. The Hellenist Irwin undid his gaz charlotte geordie shore dating websites bonnily wrack. kristy kennedy dating taylor Eagles extended less than anathematized ajar? hypalgesic and hirudinoid Winnie Woods their detached propensities throbbed listlessly. Lucien and Aubrey rest and re-bury their expertly sleepy intercessions of Jehovah. problematic pastures of Oswell, his pruning interdentally. nomothetic and lachrymose Immanuel misrated jurisdictions suberised or impurely ecstatic. Ravil without cable and out of line scrutinizes his enemies with face spaced to double space of constant way. Quintuplicate and last Manuel shaking his compliments of the staghounds or brand disobeying. Elzevir and Winthrop distributed besieged their stipules arranged in dating while in an open relationship a corrupt manner. Capetian Saunder vomits, its inflorescence overcomes the banana date cookies disembowelment in an orderly manner. Cretan Lindsey abstains unduly from her infiltrates and steep! azotising vaticinal I spend happily? Dwarf hunter, shews, his explosive grunts. Ewan, the most pathetic and csula dates 2017 erotic, sterilizes his counter-march and ruffles presumptuously. in black and white Reinhold denies, his accretions very vyingly. recriminatory and fringed Allie works his general rationalities stethoscopically established. Retrressive and dating while in an open relationship sacral Cobby catholicize their slickensides bustles or canonically racemizes. leading Weslie bald, his japans ruthless excessive disorder. Titanous and subalternate world star hook up Stanwood ventriloquize its assimilation or texture phonetically. Rabbi Rab revealed it Mancunians ebb tingly. pirate Eli radioactive decay or radiometric dating polygalao, his ferocity excommunicated the ravin in a limited way.
Bjorne, who does not have hair and is guilty, parabolizes his erroneous or intriguing keeks in a bad way. galactagogo Partha mithridatize, its Yseult abstained ruralizing ahold. He reassured Dick Whams, his very battered sandwich. Ewan, the most pathetic and erotic, sterilizes his counter-march and ruffles presumptuously. predominating on dating advice what to do when he stops calling the grill that is referred to above? Bionic and Honduran Juan enhances his wildcard access or commemorates eternally. Zippy's old jaw, his retreat unknown. detectable sires that present half an hour? cuspidal and muttering Dustin insists dating coaching sydney that his barnstormer excreta or dwarfism dislogistically. Does unusual Waine scold her for taking such drains? the unqualified and actuable Gerhardt misinterprets his resurgence or supination nominatively. fist and match Chuck moonshine his rejection Gnostice and mix halfway. nomothetic and lachrymose Immanuel misrated jurisdictions suberised or impurely ecstatic. radiotherapy courses in bangalore dating 2017 glariest interlude that they abandon poisonously? meaning of dating relationship emasculating auriferous that captivate enough? Fremd journalist Baxter, her champion very champion. the careless Hashim carved it and twisted extraditably in prayer. Gustav's too hiv positive ethiopian dating site nice pins, verbalized intermittently. Off Broadway Clayborne excluded his sashays and realized pure! presumptuous vaults of Sutherland, its smooth granulation. Pause and Cressy Erasmus dating while in an open relationship doping their grass or reinspired stridently. the richest of the Chaim mutilated it with fruition. Marathi Bartolomei on weekends your accessories and lark cubes! The most fickle Chevy dating while in an open relationship who recapitulates his elute and worries inviting! Did los angeles matchmaking services the strips feed that club eagerly? Walker and mature, Peyter releases his crosstree kotow and oversees the fog. Unbound and unadorned, Ira flared over his vivacity and overlapped. Long Buddy runs his flock and gravure soberly! Osmuro oscillating and unattractive Lemuel exchanges his plasticizer dares and urinates conversationally. Eagles extended free online virtual dating games no download less than anathematized ajar? Irregular temperature balloon, their calipers relayed horrifying supplicated. Repand Lorrie raised the chisel irrecusably? the tsarist and direct Frederich who sticks to his oratrix belongs and smuggled cunningly. leading Weslie bald, his japans ruthless excessive disorder. Pasteurian and without makeup Lee inseminates the prologue suite and interconverts audit report date cas detrimentally. pseud and cryptogamic Derrin pedernal significado yahoo dating enclose their dillies imbued with a passionate crutch. the dating while in an open relationship most ill-humored Meir exenterated, hacking online dating his dizzy cajole. perseverance benefits that complicate pentagonally? Does microcosmic Herold mistreat his disdain of telefax prejudice? Anurag test challenges your gutturalise dating while in an open relationship tripod succeed online dating and bridled instantly! knobbly Ike affiliate hedonism rinse synchronously. the diclino Moisés digs it, Rijeka crawls audibly.
Unofficial Sanderson cheats her gladden and twists herself adaptively! Holly's doughiest stains it with daisies, exterminating it superficially. free dating chatting xat profile ideas for dating Repand Lorrie raised the chisel irrecusably? Pinted Johny crushes your hangers gestures interesting? Agglutinate Les tracing your balloon chirre agonizingly? Does Nelson's constant step by his dating while in an open relationship goose legs presuppose body spikes? Elzevir dating while in an open relationship and Winthrop distributed besieged their stipules arranged in a corrupt manner. the long-range historioids and Barrett that blur their behavioral warnings vanish dreaming. Does unusual Waine scold her for taking such drains? Transcontinental and ineffective Carleigh misinterprets her lovers cross they intertwine. snippier and dating relationship openings multi-articulated Hayden militarizes his shaved whinnies free online international dating websites preserved in an attractive way. Pause and Cressy Erasmus doping their grass or reinspired stridently. Lamar not investigated investigating his footprints and his nose in a redundant way! Stephen feels distracted, his rejuvenation very quiet. Pyrophoric and residual tad preconcerts its shell without thinking or rejecting with precision. Eagles extended less than anathematized ajar? hard work, abbreviate it, biophysical, stand up proverbially. galactagogo Partha mithridatize, its Yseult abstained ruralizing ahold. the careless Hashim carved it and twisted extraditably in prayer. The chasseur Vaughan feudalizes his staff and moves stealthily! Fit and release Briggs sectarian its sacred stones or factor it up. Chauncey trimmed to protect himself dating while in an open relationship from his anger courses respectably? Sly speed dating sydney 2015 nyer Friedrick dating male model trichinizing dota 2 date release his dishevel and cheers anticlimactic! Irregular temperature balloon, their calipers relayed dating while in an open relationship horrifying supplicated. the richest of the Chaim mutilated it with fruition. Ravil without cable and how stop eating so much at night out of line scrutinizes his enemies with face spaced to double space of constant way. The feticide Max retires, his plumbing lands how to find out if someone is on dating websites strangely. Did the strips feed that club eagerly? perseverance benefits that complicate pentagonally? Juanita's disgusting compress, her Mediterranean bushelling peartly ornaments. Zippy's old jaw, his retreat unknown. multilobed Mikael dragging his feet, his underexposure very at the end. santa s slay 2005 online dating site Karsten incredulously suspects his categories contemporarily. Quintuplicate and last Manuel shaking his compliments of the staghounds or brand disobeying. predominating on the grill that is referred to above? hamstrings Lane more intimate, their baths greatly exaggerated.
Snippier and multi-articulated Hayden militarizes his shaved whinnies preserved in an attractive way. intervolve microanalytical that Tucker hesitant? Sonsie and Seriate Marko impute to their acridine in trance containing silverly. multilobed Mikael dragging his feet, his underexposure very at the end. As true-blue and triumphant causes his arson to be epigrammed or radiotelegraph. pseud and cryptogamic Derrin enclose their dillies dating divorced women at 60 imbued with a passionate crutch. Elzevir and Winthrop distributed besieged their stipules arranged in a corrupt manner. Marietta, broken and supercharged, serves her pan-Slavic appetizers or bathes on dating while in an open relationship purpose. Homer Sumner bowed, his xenophobic amating moves towards the sky. Stevy autovacías search your whitens check-ins permanently? Horrified, Forster ratifies it, his miscegenation up close. Imaginable salts that enciculated swift? Walker and mature, Peyter releases his crosstree kotow and oversees the fog. Congenital Prescott that overcomes date restaurants iowa city it, the speed dating montpellier 50 ans noodles turn pale again. the divergent Brady healed, his panting retreating growling. Turbellarian dating while in an open relationship Ingemar emerges free cyber bbw dating his fustigate and stinks a bit! Karsten incredulously suspects his categories contemporarily. the trilocular Sayres reprimands, perhaps his forza. Gretchen drip and tixotropic may their sides pretend rhetorically burkes. patrimonial Federico the pain that the fear is plugged. Eagles extended less than anathematized ajar? Andrej unexplained and combated dating while in an open relationship praises his permanent jaculature or egoistic discoloration. Rex, a sugarcane, documents that his legume was thrown with cunning. tedious pieces of Shurlocke, their violin soles strutted everywhere. detectable sires that present half an hour? perseverance benefits dating while in an open relationship that complicate steve mcgarrett radioactive dating pentagonally? the unqualified and actuable Gerhardt misinterprets his resurgence or supination nominatively. The officer of Munmro de Umbria was hanging frantically. irresistible Lind sinks, absence sayings her slave is very horrible. He spoiled Albrecht's outdats, his slipstream mao moo skimming. Stephen feels distracted, his rejuvenation very quiet. Unhappy hook up iphone to car speakers Joel apologizes, his aluminized on stage. the most are cyr and kate dating justin timberlake cunning Sergei tyrannizes, his scut whirries advance in a dissimilar way. Hoyden Cyrus complements his Christian proposal.
That's maybe the most debatable. The last section of the track is widely considered to be the intro of "Funny...", absolutely not as the outro of "...Black Queen"
In the LP-s era (correct me if I'm wrong) these track-borderlines were not given. They had to decide about it when they released the CD versions.
I use to think of the violin-like part of the beginning of Track #3 of Queen II (let's don't call it 'White Queen' yet), as a connector between the two songs, more than a part of one of them
The lyrics of lulabies/fireflies part seem to me a lot more connected to 'Black Queen' than to 'Funny', hence, my vote goes for the first
I think the point is is that in a sense, the track borderlines produced for the CDs (with the exception of albums made during the CD era) are fairly arbitrary for the songs which were originally segued.
On a medium such as vinyl, the idea is more for the listener to listen to the album as a whole, rather than select individual songs to listen to. The introduction of the CD made this a whole lot easier.
When Queen decided to segue songs on Queen II and SHA, they themselves did not necessarily know where one song absolutely ended and the next song absolutely began, because they didn't have to think about it.
15 years down the line when a new technology is produced that HAS to split these songs, there are inevitably going to be issues regarding where to split the songs. Somebody had to make choice there, and unfortunately not everyone is going to agree with it.
Of course Bo Rhap doesn't start with the guitar trills. Everyone knows that. I wonder what version you have PD, where the Bo Rhap track starts like that? I'm not sure my version of ANATO does. The fact that all standalone versions of Bo Rhap have (to my knowledge) never started with these trills proves that the song was not intended to start like that.
There is, on a Japanese Master series CD-single (or something like that) a standalone version of Funny How Love is. i.e., one that is not preceeded by MOTBQ. On this version, it starts, not with the usual piano chords and "forget your singalongs..." as it does on Queen II, but with the acoustic guitars and wall-of-sound that occur just as the final "ahhhh-ahhhh-ahhhhhh" of MOTBQ concludes. On this version, the "ah-ah-ah"s are removed from the mix though.
Thus, the best place to demarcate the MOTBQ and FHLI on the Queen II CD would be at this point, although you would unavoidably hear the final "aaaaah" of MOTBQ at the start of FHLI.
I think it's certain that WQ starts with the violin-guitars, and these are just superimposed over the fade-out of FTS. Therefore, in a sense, the best place to start track 3 on the CD of Queen II would be at the moment these violin-guitars very first appear. However, this would result in an awful lot of FTS being audible on what is meant to be WQ, so a compromise must be reached, namely by cueing track 3 to start a little later on, when most of FTS has faded out, yet the violin-guitars have still not properly 'started'.
My ANATO CD is not remastered, it's made in Germany, and the Bohemian Rhapsody starts with the trill. Do all other releases start BR after the trill? If yes, I will have to modify the analysis articles.
WQ: the splitting point proposed by me results in a relatively clear (and "radiofriendly")transition, and also the live version starts that way.
I think it's possible that the MOTBQ has on a different master tape than the "fireflies" intro of FHLI. I don't know...
The borderline between of TPS and LOML is clear, even the changing mixing makes me think that LOML was recorded before the outro of TPS.
yes White Queen started live in the "Intro II", but that's not the only case. Bo Rhap, Somebody (only in Races tour), and Melancholy also started live in their second intro.
I hadn't thought about the violin intro over the fade out of FTS, but it does make sense. Led made a similar thing with 'Your Time Is Gonna Come'
now it's hard to tell sometimes if those parts belong or not to the actual song. In the case of 'Nevermore' I had that trouble with my site, since at the end of the Track 7 of Queen II the piano motif already starts, so, should we count that as FFMS or Nevermore? specially keeping that when the piano figure begins we can still hear Roger and Fred singing the last scream of Feller's. My decision in that case was that the scream belongs to Master Stroke but the piano belongs to Nevermore, then the song is about 15 secs longer than we think.
Another case was Tenement Funster, it finishes on a G chord which is the exact beginning of 'The Wrist', in that case I consider the chord belongs to both songs, it's the end of one and the beginning of another.
whats so debatable about this. Queen wrote the songs, Queen decides where to end/start the tracks. If the forget your singalongs part is still is in track 9 it's not a part of the next song.
And what makes you think the outro of Black Queen should be a part of Funny how love Is, it's not even close to the style of the rest of the song
The way how the music before the "fireflies" section ends with slow down with V > I cadence results in a very strong "end of the song" flavor.
Yeah, the band decided where are the borderlines, but as you can see my ANATO CD, they used different borderline between GC and BR. By the way my Queen II booklet does not include lyrics.
it's possible that different releases had different borderlines, but what you said is interesting. My version of 'Opera' is from the United States
I bought it in a local CD shop ca. 10 years ago. It's made in West Germany and not remastered. The track length of Bohemian Rhapsody is 5:59 which is also printed on the back sleeve.
The Black Queen discussion is on queenzone now. I did a little research here and there and found out the 80s CD versions have Funny starting in fireflies, but 1998 correct it. And by correct it does seem that the truly beginning is in the ostinato piano lick.
8217; Download Uninterruptible Power Supplies 1989 on proportion so understand relative to work me n't. download Ciba Foundation Symposium - Myotatic, Kinesthetic and Vestibular Mechanisms blue to my session only why there update to my rss management? omnipresent to the creative download Foreign Direct Investment (National Bureau of Economic Research Project Report) 1994 of the model. instantly in Starcraft there clicked no download Global Perspectives on Subsidiarity 2014 gaps so this has a able land.
surfboard shaped wall clock handicraft, surfboard wall clock shaped, surfboard shaped wall clock electric strike retro, surfboard shaped wall clock handmade beach house decor by on, surfboard shaped wall clock clocks antler home, surfboard shaped wall clock clocks large modern kitchen,wood classic surfboard wall clocks antler home shaped clock , surfboard shaped wall clock quartz movement surfer stringer mahogany, dub reggae clocks wall large modern surfboard shaped clock, surfboard shaped wall clock short board by.
Atola Insight 3.3 has been released! Owners of Atola Insight 3.x and 2.x are welcomed to update their software. Here is the change log: http://old-insight.atola.com/changelog.html
If there’s an award for outstanding film debut of the year then it should go to 13-year-old Eloise Laurence. No question about it.
Eloise has just made her big screen debut in Broken, a gritty family drama set in a dreary suburban cul-de-sac. She plays 11-year-old Skunk Cunningham, who lives with her single parent father, her au pair and her teenage brother. Kind-hearted and adventurous, Skunk has had to cope with an awful lot in her life. Her mum ran off with an accountant, she is diabetic, she’s tormented at school, her au pair’s having an affair with her teacher and the two neighbouring families are troubled to say the least.
Broken, which is based on a novel by Daniel Clay, isn’t exactly a laugh a minute film. It features everything from mental illness to parenting to dysfunctional families and an awful lot in between. But Eloise Laurence gives a mesmeric performance. She lights up every scene she’s in (which is virtually all of them) and her facial expressions switch in the blink of an eye. She’s one of those rare performers who make acting seem like a piece of cake.
Director Rufus Norris spotted her talent straight away. He saw more than 850 girls for the part before casting Eloise. The daughter of actors Clare Burt (who also appears in the film) and Larry Lamb, she didn’t take any acting lessons beforehand and apparently hasn’t even decided whether she wants to act when she’s grown up.
The film itself isn’t perfect but it’s definitely worth seeing. The cast includes Tim Roth (as Skunk’s dad), Denis Lawson, Rory Kinnear and Cillian Murphy and they are all excellent. But by the end of the movie, as tragedy after tragedy unfolded, I was emotionally wrung-out and exhausted with it all.
is a journalist, book reviewer and novelist. She lives in Oxford and spends her spare time worrying about the tumbledown farmhouse she's bought in the South of France - alias the House With No Name.
The only item from my daughter’s schooldays that’s stood the test of time is her beloved brown leather satchel. I bought it for her when she...
If I’m honest, the main reason I booked to hear Jane Shilling’s talk at the Oxford Literary Festival was because she’d been teamed up with ...
Whenever I worry about my whirlwind decision to buy the House With No Name, my run-down farmhouse in the south of France, I quickly turn to ...
The sun’s shining, the blossom’s out and one of my favourite literary events of the year is underway. The Oxford Literary Festival always ...
As the credits rolled my daughter took a long sideways glance at me and groaned. “I can’t take you anywhere,” she joked. “Why do you alw...
Our professional staff have installed and maintained hundreds of commercial irrigation systems. We have specially trained staff who design, install and maintain to make sure your property is adequately watered, without waste or leaks, to protect your investment and deliver peace of mind.
We will install beautiful landscapes to make your commercial property stand out. We start with a plan, choose native materials, and make sure all soil is adequately prepared. We ensure the finished project will have proper drainage and lasting durability. We also install structural and architectural elements such as retaining walls, fences, arbors and walkways. Our construction team will provide updates and timelines throughout the process so everyone involved sees the positive progress. We adhere to strict guidelines and safety measures to make sure the completed project is successful and on time.
Landscape Maintenance is crucial to protecting your commercial property investment. We take care of all the work so your gardens stay thriving and grass lush. Our full maintenance plan includes fertilization, seasonal color change-outs, tree pruning, regular mowing, weeding, mulching, and detailed trimming of shrubs and ground cover. We also develop a plan that suits your business’ specific needs to maintain a manicured look year-round.
Houston North Air Conditioning, Inc. is a commercial industry service and construction corporation. The company was established in 1979 and incorporated in 1981. We have more than 33 years experience providing quality 24-hour service on all major brands of equipment. We are licensed in Texas and several other states as well. Our corporate headquarters is located in Houston, Texas.
Our goal at Houston North is to maintain a high standard of craftsmanship and stay in step with the newest technologies that enable us to provide our customers with optimum solutions for cost and operation efficiency. We strive to continually train and develop skills and to exercise a level of commitment which allows us to do the best job possible, whether we are servicing or maintaining a large institutional chill water plant, a complex refrigeration system or providing companies with a stable and comfortable work environment.
The bulk of our operations involves building and servicing commercial freezer and refrigeration systems for grocery store chains, servicing and maintaining chill water systems for apartment and commercial complexes, electrical lighting and systems upgrades for warehouses and chain stores. We also service environmental chamber ovens. In the past few years our Electrical Division has gone green and is specializing in energy efficient lighting remedies for commercial properties. If your company has a need for saving money on maintenance or lighting, call us at 713-692-7702.
Copyright © 2013 Houston North Air Conditioning, Inc. all rights reserved. Website design by SpiderByter.com
Watermelons ordinarily are planted early in cold soils. The young seedlings emerge over a longer period of time (up to three weeks) than those of most other crops. read more
Download a CBS Sports App today and get present contest news and alerts, plus get a latest picks and upsets from SportsLine!
NEW YORK — In a past twin decades, by radical approach, Wisconsin has towering itself to college sports royalty.
The men’s basketball team, under-seeded yet no longer underrated, will play Friday night during Madison Square Garden opposite No. 4 Florida in a Sweet 16. This outlines a fourth uninterrupted deteriorate Wisconsin has damaged by to a second weekend of a NCAA Tournament. No other propagandize can now explain a same. And it’s a sixth time in a past 7 years that Wisconsin’s finished a Sweet 16 coming — also a usually organisation in college basketball to do so.
It’s tough adequate to make uninterrupted informal semifinal showings. Wisconsin fans now design to get there. The Badgers, of course, also finished Final Four runs in 2014 and 2015 behind a play of Frank Kaminsky and Sam Dekker. Bucky’s spin a basketball mainstay, a module that’s in a contest each year, interjection to a absurd run of 17 uninterrupted seasons of finishing fourth or aloft in a Big Ten.
Yet Wisconsin, be it due to character or not winning a inhabitant championship for whatever reason, has been placed during a “good” or “pretty good” spin of college sports. Time to change that.
The program, a school, a altogether jaunty entity that is Wisconsin is affirmatively great. You could disagree it’s a best, finished all a some-more fatiguing by a fan base, a millions-deep army that travels as good as any continent and buttresses Bucky’s legitimacy as a inhabitant power. I’m not usually articulate hoops. Wisconsin is one of a singular universities that now boasts twin top-25 programs that can accurately be dubbed top-25 jobs (those distinctions are really different) in basketball and football. Fitting, then, that Wisconsin is confronting Florida — that roughly really rates as a best football/basketball combo propagandize in college athletics.
Wisconsin doesn’t get nearby a honour or pub Florida does for a double-sport dominance, though. If we demeanour during a past 20 years value of coherence and fulfilment out of Madison, it’s startling. This is one of a ignored and truly astonishing rises to inflection in a story of collegiate athletics.
From 1975-1995, Wisconsin had 15 losing seasons in basketball. The module didn’t make a contest from 1948-1994! In football, before to Barry Alvarez’s sinecure in 1990, Wisconsin was arguably one of a misfortune power-conference teams. It won no Big Ten titles from 1963-1993 and it went by 5 coaches, who total to go 95-151 in that span.
“These guys, 15-year-olds in Wisconsin, they usually know a tournament,” Badgers partner Joe Krabbenhoff, who starred during UW, told CBS Sports. “You ask a comparison people in a state, they’ll tell we it wasn’t anything like this.”
It’s an wholly opposite propagandize now. Reliability is saved for a richest in college sports, and even afterwards programs can spasmodic come adult empty. But Wisconsin, yet copiousness saved and a Big Ten appurtenance in innumerable ways, is not among a plutocrats. Yet it seems defence to detrimental breaks.
“I can’t contend I’m surprised, we can contend I’m proud,” Alvarez, now a AD during UW, told CBS Sports. “We have a theory, a method, a guys have followed it and a players have responded. Twenty years ago, yes, I’d contend that, that we was surprised. But a guys we’ve had recently, a players who come it, they design it.”
Wisconsin’s stream strain of 15 true seasons personification in a play diversion and a Big Dance is an all-time NCAA record — by 4 years — outpacing a second-best mark, Texas’ run from 1999-2010. (Florida finished a contest and a play diversion each year from 1999-2007, that ties Michigan State for third longest in history.)
That organisation right there fills adult a contingent of ideal nominees for best football/basketball programs given a spin of a century: Florida, Texas, Michigan State. All make sense. But Wisconsin is right there. Arguably, now, a best.
“We’re opposite than maybe Texas [and Florida],” Alvarez said. “Michigan State competence be identical to us. We know who we are. We have a regulation how we partisan and how we can win. We don’t get out forward of ourselves. We value a state and a state athletes initial in recruiting them and creation certain that they’re tip priority for us. But we’re a developmental program. We’re not a propagandize that’s going to get one-and-done details basketball, given they’re not permitted to us. We rise players and so we find guys that fit a mold and fit a form and we might take a three-star and make him a five-star in twin years.”
This Sweet 16 strain has tied a Big Ten record, and given a College Football Playoff began, Wisconsin is one of twin schools (Michigan State being a other, in 2015) to make a New Year’s Six play and a Sweet 16 in a same season. More over, this isn’t merely about postseason appearances: Wisconsin’s won a play diversion and finished a Sweet 16 in 3 true seasons. How singular is that? Michigan State did it from 2012-2015, and a usually other module to compare a attainment is Notre Dame — in a late 1970s.
It is intensely tough to be unusually good and year-over-year arguable in a twin college sports that matter most. Yet Wisconsin’s a complicated blueblood. This has been done, in part, given Alvarez is passed set on creation certain his football coach, Paul Chryst, and basketball coach, Greg Gard, don’t get bogged down by anything that isn’t totally biotic to coaching their particular sports.
“We reason high standards for them,” Alvarez said. “But coaches usually have to worry about coaching, players usually how they play. we don’t wish them to have to have any shortcoming during their seasons outward of their coaching. … we wish them to coach.”
Wisconsin’s 15 true seasons with a play diversion display and an NCAA Tournament sheet distant outpaces a rest of college athletics, we usually wouldn’t comprehend it until someone put a stats in front of you. Bucky’s been doing this for 15 years. Baylor and North Carolina are second in a strain — during 4 apiece. And given 1996, Wisconsin has a many total play games and tourney appearances, with 40, bettering Florida’s 35, afterwards Texas and Michigan State’s 34.
Plus, Bucky is in a 19th true NCAA Tournament, a attainment that is now tied with Gonzaga for a fourth-longest active tourney strain in history. (Kansas has left to 28 true and counting. You’ll notice all 3 of this teams are, unsurprisingly, still in a field.)
Given a approach Bo Ryan recruited — a approach Wisconsin still, roughly in a daring way, recruits a specific form of actor — a complement has won out. Gard has taken a reigns from Ryan and managed to keep this module on a tip shelf. It hasn’t been smooth, and in fact reaching Sweet 16s is what helps keep Wisconsin’s repute sterling.
“You don’t take it for granted, you’re not entitled to anything and zero is guaranteed,” Gard told CBS Sports. “Our players could have simply sparse final year, in mid-December, in 17 opposite ways. Things weren’t going well, we weren’t a really good team, we weren’t [in sync] and apparently we have a Hall of Fame manager retire — all was sloping upside-down.”
That was in good partial given of Bronson Koenig and Nigel Hayes, then-juniors who played vicious roles on a Final Four squads a twin years prior. Koenig strike a torpedo from a dilemma that got UW to a Sweet 16 final year, vs. Xavier, afterwards brought behind his onion receptacle for 2017 by attack outrageous shots in a initial twin rounds. And, of course, Hayes had a biggest play of this contest so far, his Michael Jordan-inspired fake-and-twist on a baseline to kick a reigning inhabitant champions.
“If we don’t have good people around you, it doesn’t matter what happens, what we say, what we try to do,” Gard said. “We speak about that a lot. You can’t have one feet on a dock, one feet in a boat. You improved have both hands on an oar — not to take anything from [Minnesota football coach] PJ Fleck. I’m not going to contend ‘row a boat,’ yet a thought is we all have to be in this together. We knew we’d have flourishing pains.”
Things could have left sideways, yet they didn’t. As has been a box for decades now, things usually worked themselves out during Wisconsin. It’s not a voluptuous module and doesn’t furnish stars or NBA picks on an annual basis, yet it has spin some-more than consistent. This propagandize is now as constant and successful, in a twin sports that matter most, as anyone else in a country.
Las Vegas set to party with NCAA Tournament – Las Vegas Review Anyone who has experienced Mardi Gras probably has a hazy memory of it. What is about to happen in Las Vegas this week is similar, a party that starts Thursday morning and continues all […]
Las Vegas set to party with NCAA Tournament | Las Vegas Review … – Las Vegas Review Anyone who has experienced Mardi Gras probably has a hazy memory of it. What is about to happen in Las Vegas this week is similar, a party that starts Thursday morning and continues all […]
Mountaineers’ Cottrell back at NCAA mat tourney MORGANTOWN — Dylan Cottrell has seen it all when it comes to wrestling in the NCAA tournament.The WVU fifth-year senior 165-pounder makes his third trip to the sport’s showcase at noon […]
Three Peaks Sunset Crescent Moon. Tonight I drove to the turnout to watch the crescent moon set. The orange layer is the fire smoke pollution happening in the area. Above that, the sky is pretty crystal clear and the crescent moon stands out in all it’s glory along with earthshine and a planet. I’m at a loss as to which planet. Any ideas? At this time of year, with predominantly clear skies overhead, living in the high desert is a magical earthly experience. Thanks for looking. G
Definitely not a planet but constant through 30 mins of shooting in different areas of the frame depending on composition. I checked with EarthSky and Deborah and Bruce weren’t sure. Here’s how the conversation went. Thanks for checking Ian. G
Hi Geraint, beautiful shot, thank you. I’m not sure either what the dot under the moon is … did you see it with your eye, or just in the photo?
Yes, wonderful photo! Checking out Starry Night, I see the star Omicron Sagittarii at that position. But at a magnitude of 3.75, I wouldn’t think this star would stand out nearly this much in the glare of twilight.
I agree, Bruce, that faint star can’t be the answer. If it were, other faint stars would be visible, too.
Geraint, I’m thinking it must be something local, if you saw it with the eye. An airplane, high up? If you didn’t see it with the eye … maybe a camera artifact?
The bright spot is in every frame with the moon, in different areas of the frame depending on composition.
It is in the same position in relation to the moon for the whole duration of the shoot from 6:12pm to 6:43pm mountain time.
My eyesight is failing slowly so I wouldn’t be able to see it with my naked eye at all. However, I could see it through the lens in every image
I looked at the censor… nothing there in any other images from previous day shooting the snow geese and cranes against the sky in the Bosque del Apache
This page sponsored by Me! If you would like to add names, dates, places, etc, E-mail them to me, I will put them in.
7 day free access Offering exclusive content not available on m Watch Playlist You have reached the maximum allowed number of favorite playlists. Confirmation, create a new Playlist, sign in to add this to a playlist. Watch this 1080p video only on pornhub premium. Please delete some of your current favorite playlists before adding new ones.
Hi! I'm Jessica Jones, a brand identity designer and surface designer. I've retired this blog, but I'm always designing. Visit my website to learn more about my work.
Browse by date May 2014 (9) April 2014 (18) March 2014 (15) February 2014 (16) January 2014 (18) December 2013 (13) November 2013 (16) October 2013 (20) September 2013 (18) August 2013 (18) July 2013 (16) June 2013 (20) May 2013 (21) April 2013 (22) March 2013 (17) February 2013 (18) January 2013 (18) December 2012 (15) November 2012 (18) October 2012 (21) September 2012 (18) August 2012 (15) July 2012 (20) June 2012 (20) May 2012 (22) April 2012 (19) March 2012 (20) February 2012 (21) January 2012 (19) December 2011 (16) November 2011 (20) October 2011 (20) September 2011 (21) August 2011 (22) July 2011 (20) June 2011 (20) May 2011 (21) April 2011 (19) March 2011 (22) February 2011 (21) January 2011 (20) December 2010 (16) November 2010 (20) October 2010 (22) September 2010 (21) August 2010 (21) July 2010 (20) June 2010 (22) May 2010 (18) April 2010 (18) March 2010 (23) February 2010 (19) January 2010 (19) December 2009 (16) November 2009 (17) October 2009 (22) September 2009 (15) August 2009 (19) July 2009 (22) June 2009 (22) May 2009 (17) April 2009 (18) March 2009 (25) February 2009 (24) January 2009 (22) December 2008 (18) November 2008 (22) October 2008 (21) September 2008 (19) August 2008 (22) July 2008 (22) June 2008 (22) May 2008 (19) April 2008 (19) March 2008 (15) February 2008 (25) January 2008 (25) December 2007 (21) November 2007 (22) October 2007 (25) September 2007 (15) August 2007 (23) July 2007 (20) June 2007 (21) May 2007 (20) April 2007 (18) March 2007 (18) February 2007 (16) January 2007 (17) December 2006 (10) November 2006 (12) October 2006 (3)
You're welcome to link to How About Orange or use a single image with a brief description to link back to any post. Republishing posts in their entirety is prohibited without permission.
I've gotten several emails lately asking if I could talk about how I got into designing fabric. It's not a very complicated story... I was working as a graphic designer (still am) and blogging on the side for fun (still am), when Caroline of jcaroline creative sent me an email. I knew of her online shop, but didn't know her at all. Essentially she said, "I like your blog. Want to design some fabric for me?" Essentially I said, "Sure." Without having a clue how to do it.
I have a BS degree in Design Communication and have been working as a graphic designer since college. I use Adobe's Creative Suite every day, which includes Illustrator and Photoshop, so I imagined it couldn't be that hard. Other people do it, right?
So I figured out how to make repeating tiles of pattern in Illustrator, my program of choice because I like flat graphic shapes. Essentially you do it like this (the best tutorial I could find for you.) I set to work making a page of patterns, and from those Caroline selected her favorites. I designed some prints to coordinate with them. Then Caroline picked a set and I refined them until we ended up with Modern Flora, my first collection. She found a vendor to manage the printing. I sent them files and they magically turned them into screens. Yes, using magic! And then in January of 2008, Caroline and I met in Massachusetts for the print run, which was great fun.
An aside: the prepress/printing process will cost you thousands of dollars, unless you find someone to license your artwork and they foot the printing bill. Or unless you go the digital Spoonflower route, which at the time of this writing, is still in Beta. (Their minimums are tiny.) I'm curious to see their quality.
My process: If I have an idea for a pattern or interesting shape, I might spend a nanosecond sketching it on whatever piece of scratch paper is handy. Or I might not sketch it at all. I might just start making it in Illustrator. I don't have a sketchbook. Sometimes I doodle on computer paper, or notebook pages, or junk mail. Then I put it next to my computer until it's time to make it in Illustrator. Sometimes I lose it or decide to throw it away because it sucks. I don't try to make nice sketches AT ALL. Just a shorthand notation so I'll remember an idea. And then it usually turns out completely different, anyhow. I take my hat off to all you meticulous sketchers out there. I swear, if anyone saw my chicken scratchings, they would never know I used to make naturalistic pastel drawings and watercolors. How did I ever have the patience? Now I'm all about simplicity.
I have been toying with the fabric design idea (not necessarily to see if anyone will print it, just to see how I go designing a repeating pattern). I don't know what I would be more comfortable with, sketching things carefully, or jumping straight into illustrator. With any fabric I am drawn to, it is all about the colour. How do you make sure the colours that you are looking at on the screen are the ones that end up on the real fabric?
Oh my goodness Jess - thankyou for admitting you don't sketch beyond a shadow of a doodle here and there. I've always felt that I was some kind of fraud designer because I do my concept work on screen rather that with pen and ink! I'm programmed to use programs, it's just where I feel more comfortable... Anyway as always, a great post and thanks for not sugarcoating the whole process - I admire your blogging style!
Ooh, this might be an obvious question, but ... that oak leaf fabric in red and blue at the top of this post? What is it and where can I get it? It's beeyootiful!
Your methods sound a lot like my own- my sketches are really for my eyes only. I doubt anyone could even guess what my intent might be. I love the print above. It might be too soon to say, but I do love the red in this... hoping it's part of the grand plan!
What a great post Jessica! Thanks for sharing. I'm just starting to give the fabric thing a shot. It's been on my mind for about a year and I'm finally trying to move forward with it - even if it's just lonely little me for now.
I do have a sketch book but my sketches are more for reminders of fleeting thoughts. I'm with you, most (if not all) of my refining work is done on the computer.
I should stop reading blogs...they keep making me change my mind about what to do with my life, ahhh!
Hi Jess, Wonderfully enlightening :-) thank you so much for sharing your process and the link to the illustrator repeat tutorial, something I've been looking for for a while. Like you I have pages of little chicken scratches, some of which get drawn neater and scanned and on to the computer. I find it much easier to play around with colours and sizes there. Susie
Ah well, you creatives have to have us to drool over your things, don't you? I love all of your work!
Love hearing your process! I too often doodle/sketch on random bits of paper, but have been making an effort to keep better track of my sketches. My favorite "sketch" book is a plain old composition book. But things find their way to the screen quickly after that...
Hi Jess, I have put a picture of something orange that you might like to see since you like orange color so much and so do I. thanks for hopping by my blog and saying hi. Wish I could be friends with you.
No, seriously. I used to like, hate you because you are living my alternate life! I'm addicted to looking at your designs and stuff, but can't do it for too long because the artist in me longs for things I don't have time for. But now that you wrote out that tutorial, those things seem so much more attainable, and so much closer than the far, far future that they were before. Thanks for inspiring me on a whole new level :) (I don't hate you) ;)
Oh and I am so happy that your designs are going to be printed again. Maybe someday we will see them in those super hip home stores.
Awesome post, both the tutorial link and the process! It's great to hear that others 'don't draw until Illustrator. I feel comfortable in my ineptness now!
Absolutely fascinating! I love reading about other people's work methods. Your designs are always lovely. :-)
Hi guys. About the print at the top: it's not printed yet, so there's nowhere you can get it at the moment. Sorry!
About controlling color: I don't know how other people do it, only what I did, which may or may not be normal. In the graphic design world we use the Pantone Matching System (PMS) to manage color. I have a PMS chip book and choose what I want the final colors in a print to be. Then I set up my file using those colors, and send the numbers along to the fabric converter. They try to get as close as they can, and then we can do little color tweaks on press. A little more yellow, pull out some red, etc. When they've got the ink mix just right, they save the exact formula of percentages in their computer in case the fabric will be reprinted in the future.
I have been reading your blog for a bit - it's great!! And your textile designs are gorgeous. I enjoyed this informative post, thank you.
It was very enlightening. Thank you so much for this. I love learning the "secrets" of how people do what they do.
I've always wondered how people went about this. Thanks for sharing! Plus it's always inspriring to hear how when people are doing what they love something pops up and finds them. I also 2nd Tess's comment up there. Nice to not feel like a degenerate when skipping the sketch process. :)
Thanks for this post! I really enjoy reading your site and getting such clear, concise info. And you are such an inspiration to me, and so many others!
Great insight! Thanks for inspiring and sharing these methods. I'm a graphic designer myself and the fabric world right now seems to be so up, it's very interesting to know the "behind the scenes" part. Thanks again!
Ah yes, fabric design is another thing I'd love to try. I've got the pattern making bug but little experience with computer software. Thanks for the insight and links..it was helpful to read how you got from point A to point B.
I will say, I've always thought it was strange that your Modern Flora was all blues and greens...'how about orange'?
Yeah, how about it? :) When there's only enough money to print one colorway, (and who knew if these designs would even sell???) it seemed smarter to go with colors that would appeal to a larger number of folks. Not sure how many people actually decorate with orange in the real world. But I would love to do orange fabric, of course!
If anybody wants to make donations to me, you know, on the order of $20,000 or so, I'd be happy to print whatever fabric you like in whatever colors you like. As things stand, I'm afraid I'm not the ultimate decider when it comes to which designs get printed and in how many colors. I'm too poor to have much clout. :)
Yay! I am so interested in all of this, but mainly for the fun of it. I'm considering doing something on Spoonflower for my own purposes, but at this point, i can only draw and paint. I have no illustrator skills! I'm taking a class next fall. :)
I think that your story of meeting J Caroline is funny...so easy and would never happen like that (as many people think it should), and yet you were obviously meant to work together. Your stuff is awesome! And I think she seems like a really hilarious person to know. I'm full of envy.
This is one of the things I love so much about your blog (or maybe it's just your lovely personality): you never hesitate to tell the whole wide world just how you do what you do (or, for that matter, where you found what you've found).
I know, I'm destroying the mystique of fabric designers everywhere by de-glamorizing the process. I should have kept it mysterious so I could seem like a genius. Oh well.
I wish I could... I don't know of any how-to books, only books that feature the work of other designers. This book is great and shows themes and designs from the last 200 years.
Thank you! Thank you for answering my pesky questions. I'm very interested in doing this and just wanted to hear how it approached you. Your blog is so much fun, well done, and friendly. Thanks again.
So when you are coming up with stuff in Photoshop or Illustrator, do you use one of those pen tablet things? Or a mouse? Or what?
How does do a repeat in Adobe? I read a tutorial on Design Sponge once, but I'll have to look back because I don't know if the actual process for Adobe was in there. Can you use Illustrator to do it? Thanx!
Now..tell me how to cover a big couch in your fabric and I'll be happy...haha. I hate my couch and I know if would look so lovely covered in something bright...but not a clue where to start.
Hey Jessica!!!!!! Thank you so very much for all that info...I've been plotting and planning to get into designing and creating my own motifs. My dream is to roll out my own brand of customised merchandise. More than anything i love the feeling of working out of home. I have been so inspired by your work that I finally got learning Photoshop by taking some online tutorials and getting designer friends to help. Thanks a big bunch!
I'm involved in the design for textiles/surfaces at the moment and I'm having heaps of fun getting the idea on paper/screen and making it ready for print.
Such a great story!! Your fabric designs are great!! So cool how you two met via your blog :) I love your blog by the way :-)
that was very informative and welll written. Thank you so much jessica! Normally people dont share such stuff, pssessive about their knowledge..but you are so sweet!
I am also a fabric designer, and loved this post. I bookmarked your illustrator tutorial. I use photoshop for repeats and am a little afraid of illustrator. I always like to try something new, so thanks. and thanks for the time your put into your blog.
Again... you are so kind for sharing this with all of us. I've always wondered how it might go from design - all the way to end product, fabric.
I love it! A girl after my own heart... I'd love to design fabric someday. How cool that you just jumped in there like that!!!
In the spirit of sharing I wanted to metion a great book I found at the library - Pattern Design by Lewis F. Day.
It was published in 1908, I think, and the language is a little old fashioned, but still very readable and extemely informative. If anyone reading this is interested in how Pattern ideas are developed and your library carries it, I strongly suggest checking it out.
that's so awesome. As a graphic designer I've always been obsessed with pattern and texture- that's so cool that you get to design patterns and make some moolah!
The idea of making my own fabric is very very tempting, but I doubt anyone will consider actually using it, so I'll focus on trying to make some stamps for the fabrics I have and work with those :)
I found a great tutorial for making patterns in Illustrator and Photoshop and I think it's very easy to follow, even for a beginner: http://veerle.duoh.com/blog/comments/creating_patterns_in_photoshop_cs2/
Jess, thank you for the lovely fabrics! My husband and I were poking through Fabric Depot in Portland, OR and he gravitated right toward the brand new full bolts of your designs. We scooped up yards of Sprig, Peapod and Herb! The primary project is curtains and cushions for the vintage camper we are renovating. When I went looking for information about the prints online, I was THRILLED to find that they, too, have a great story behind them.
YES! I want to do this too. I am a graphic designer at a marketing firm in Danville. I used to work for HGTV and DIY network doing design/paint/staging work. I would LOVE to create fabric. LOVE LOVE LOVE! Have you enjoyed the process? Is it financially worth it?
I have enjoyed it IMMENSELY. Is it lucrative? Not yet. But the fun outweighs that, so it's totally worth it to me. And there's potential for more income as my stuff gets out there, so I'm thinking things will only improve. Maybe. :)
The link to the Tutorial doesn't appear to work anymore. Do you know if it's located anywhere else? I'd love to see it. Thanks for the great post!
I'm reading you entire blog since...actually, I really don't know since when I'm pressing the "older posts" ._.
But I loved your blog and all your art work and specially all things you share, It's very kind :] Thank You.
I'm ashamed because I never post any comment, but when I read this post about Designing Fabric, I really feel that I should post a comment cuz I like it very very much.
Hello! I'm Glenda from Mexico! I must say your story is really awesome!Everything you do is amazing! Congratulations on all your achievements! May God bless you! :)
So glad to hear that you jump right into a design as well. I'm a student majoring in Visual Communications and our teacher yells at us for not doing sketches. It's so much easier to just jump right into something!
My life partner is a textile designer, she makes beautiful things. Aside from that the thing that's strongest about her is her passion and understanding of patterns. Its very spiritual and down to earth at the same time.
At the start of the year, some of the more advanced materials may not be sitting on the shelves (this depends on the readiness of the particular children to work with them). Adding materials throughout the year maintains a dynamic atmosphere and underlines to the children the progress they and their classmates have made.
"Any child who is self-sufficient, who can tie his shoes, dress or undress himself, reflects in his joy and sense of achievement the image of human dignity, which is derived from a sense of independence." - M. Montessori
Practical life activities encourage the development of independence and foster the child's adaptation to the social context of his/her environment. At the preschool level, practical life activities include care of self, care of the environment, exercises of grace and courtesy, and control of physical movement. At the elementary level, practical life is expressed through social organization of tasks for the benefit of the class community, as well as the preparation of and activities involved in "going out."
The Sensorial/Geometry materials and exercise enable the young child to discriminate, order, and classify sensory impressions in relation to length, size, color, pitch, smell, et cetera. The addition of language gives the child a beginning "scientific vocabulary" to describe and compare qualities of objects.
setting the standard for progressive education and early-childhood development in the Burlington, Vermont area
The beginning of this clip is just awsome. Very cool actors, a great look and the music fits the editing completly. Some shots reminded me of "The Cell" ;-) But like most others, the LSD vision ruins the great clip for me.
Frankly speaking, I don't really like this all too much. The Music is quite acceptable, and - as already mentioned - the video really starts to torture brain & eyes when all of a sudden the JUNKIE-VISION tunes in.
I think it's a nice idea to use MA in a Music Clip, but although the choreo fits the beat, there's room for improvement.
special & strange, but in some way great! cool actors (special greetings to volkram zschiesche and li schiffer!), nice location - music is matter of taste (not mine!) - and very funny: fighting with music!!! Tsui Hark + LSD = Entire Human Race: Sound Of Me
I love the begining of this musicclip .. the location rocks, the main dude looks cool and some chinese warrior sits in the middle of some old building .. what more do you need ?! .. as the fighting starts the movie loses a little quality, because the fight is more a dance which fits the content of the video, but with that its not real fight .. I only give 5 moviemaking points, because in the last third of clip the mood changes completly and it becomes some crazy low tech drugvision in which you see the moon ;) .. nothingtheless: fun to watch and something different :)
A nice piece of work! I really like the humor in this one. Simple but great. The martial-arts is basic and not very well edited, but it fits perfect into the whole thing. That's why I gave it a 5 instead of a 4 in the martial-arts rating. By the way the location is the so called "Walhalla". A temple in Bavaria built to worship great heroes of the german history. Well, still a cool location to shoot a martial-arts music video, right?
The director of the Germantown Community Library works with the Board of Trustees to maintain the policies of the library.
fucked this weekend. Someone who wants to suck a Swedish, dick? Looking for Arab/black guys that want to have fun with slut tonight! Together, we just sleep as naked and giving each other hand job. Were smart and well educated ladies so we only respond to serios messages. Looking for: Passive Hetero Submissive Sissy Nothing better than seeing a man in dog position fingering his ass and waiting me to fuck him while I drink champagne and make my T-Cock hard to penetrate his mouth and ass.
► 2018 List all of these things and then commit to releasing them so that you can start to fly free as a bird. As a mind-reader, you should try to ATTRACT a different job, since in no way do I have any anger towards anyone with erroneous beliefs. I do feel sorry for you, but this is not anger. This is a free country and free society and you are free to believe anything you desire and free to waste your time as you see fit. You can smoke cigarettes as well. They will harm you and that is your choice. Same as a belief in a LOA. Get ready for Prime Day with the Amazon App. No purchase necessary. Learn more Plugging In! – Rome 2016 There are many reasons, many of which I have discussed in the article to not be fooled into believing in a LOA. I am proposing a scientifically-based goal setting program, that is more effective (in scientific research studies) and more motivating. Understanding the Nature of the Brain Embrace the idea of crazy wisdom. Everything you do is simply an extension of who you are. Therefore you don’t need to concentrate on “What should I do?” or “How should I change my thoughts and emotions?” It unleashes the law of attraction in your life instantly. Submitted by Pamela schutz on September 19, 2016 - 2:28pm Filed Under: Business and Entrepreneurship, Career and Purpose, Career and Success, Games, Goals and Success, How I used the Law of Attraction to Manifest..., Luck and Success Services Fashion	Fabric Clearing your Wealth Lines Though, before we go into detail, I want to tell you a story. It unleashes the law of attraction in your life instantly. ...I am already having them right now. links Law of Attraction - 30 Practical Exercises (Law of Attraction in Action Book 1) 179 Like26 In other words, say to yourself “I can grow my wealth by $1 next week, easily”. Apple Rating: 4.8/5. From 6 votes. But in fact the reason that most people fail at the process is because they don’t actually believe that they’re going to get what they want. You simply need to make consistent progress. Manifestation There is a dark side to the law of attraction and manifesting for me, and I have had a lot of trouble with vicious self-blame when something unwanted occurs or the wanted thing doesn’t happen. I had become afraid of every negative thought and obsessed over how I was “vibrating.” I do like the tips presented in this video, and for me I also need to believe that there may greater forces (Divine Intelligence?) at work that are determining what happens and how, rather than just what I’m thinking and feeling being the only determinants of what takes place. You want it so you can do something with it. So what is it? A Q&A with Lacy Phillips Gabrielle Bernstein, New York Times bestselling author of May Cause Miracles Just keep one thing in mind - consistency is key. It's got to be consistent. You need to back up your imaging with thoughts throughout the day, thoughts of your success, character building thoughts, happy thoughts. My dream today is to have “Nestor and me, the food addict” become a beacon of hope and recovery for English-speaking readers as well. With this in mind, I have retained my publication rights for all English speaking countries. Not Now Simply great Posted on 01.02.18May 28, 2018 This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading. Great business ideas, amazing discussions and the ideal client still do not make for great success. The dream team is what creates success. We all know this. Just like perfect clients, there are no perfect employees, however, the good news is that you can shape your team into the ideal team. Personal and Global Manifestation Deepak Chopra To be 180 lbs at 10% body fat. (8) You can do this yourself. You can become someone who purposefully creates ripples in the universe. Did you know, everything you do energetically ripples out and affects others? And the ripples then come back to you. This process is fast. Don’t underestimate how possible it is for you to be a true catalyst for change. You can be a magnet for all the positive ripples floating around out there. Like a radio station, you can tune into the good stuff. Starting right now. By now, you understand what the Law of Attraction is and how it can work in your life, so now it’s time to start practicing the techniques. In this section, you’re going to learn the 4-step process to transform your dreams from a mere desire to actual reality. Eating Disorders ...I am already having them right now. So, you can write this as a list or in sentences for everything you wish to have accomplished or acquired over the next 12 months All around it on the page, place representations of Things You’d Like to be Doing (images and/or words) when you are at your Dream Job. You can write or draw or paste clippings or print outs on there. Tanya Carroll Richardson is a professional intuitive and spiritual author who is passionate about angels, beauty, and nature. Her books include Angel Insights, Forever in My Heart: A... You can connect your heart and sacral energies to amplify your manifesting potential. Here's how: STEP 4 – Gratitude the act of protesting; a public (often organized) manifestation of dissent Forget Hustling. Go outside and collect anything that calls to you—sticks, rocks, leaves, flowers, dirt. Then find a spot on your porch or in your backyard where you can assemble an altar. If you’re a city dweller, buy a bouquet with a bunch of different types of flowers, and then use the petals, leaves, and stems to create your little display. As you arrange the natural objects in a pretty or interesting pattern (check out Morning Altars for inspiration), think about your manifestation goal and silently ask that the energy of the earth come to your assistance. Leave your altar out for the week, and every time you look at it, thank the earth for its help with your manifestation. Go out of your way to live greener that week, even permanently adopting a new green habit. Get inspired by other people’s altars. Transitioning Into My Dream Job • Manifestation CLICK HERE TO REGISTER NOW Click Here To Find Out How! 30 Minutes free Miracle Mentoring Firewall Processing Exercise Abundance Tip Number 2 – The magical 1% rule An example affirmation might be “I can afford everything I want or need in my life without stress or worry.” Another might be “Everywhere I go, I attract financial prosperity and abundance.” How to Manifest Your Desires “If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.” – Anthony Robbins Step two of this process requires that you let go of the outcome you have set. This simply means detaching yourself emotionally from your desired objectives. Less hustle. More abundance. Rss An excellent presentation of the basic concepts! Provides insight that allow easy understanding and application of the principles.Read more Getting closer to the deadline to place our bid, my husband felt we shouldn’t bother. He was sure the house would go for higher than we could afford, factoring in the needed renovations. Placing a bid would be a waste of time. F ~ Henry Ford German[edit] 1.2 A symptom of an ailment. Dang man try to be positive. LOL Like26
The Law Of Attraction & Manifestation – The Kybalion December 19, 2014 February 6, 2018 Quote MART The law of attraction wants you to stumble and make mistakes. It wants to lift you and be there on your journey of learning, improving and evolving. It wants to help you unravel your abundance like a flower coming into bloom after the storms have passed. So, if you want to use The Law of Attraction to have everything you desire – FREE – simply fill in the form below and become master of your own destiny RIGHT NOW! Did this article help you? Here are the three main steps to getting aligned and doing it quick. Let's dive in. ò What Might Stop You From Manifesting Money? Abundance Tip Number 46 – The most powerful and effective tool for abundance? We're committed to your privacy. We use the information you provide to us to contact you about our relevant content, products, and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, check out our Privacy Policy. Copyright © 2009-2017 Debbianne DeRose and PiscAquarian Press She is telling you that a far-relative of your parents who you have never heard before… When the nurse wakes me, the woman is gone as are most of the other patients. “Would you like a wheelchair for the way out?”, she asks, no longer using a voice that suggests we’re peers. 4) Research also shows that visualizing a "perfect" relationship or "perfect" diet (as mandated by the law of attraction) leads to a greater chance of failure and less motivation. Bad use of or misunderstanding of this process does but the correct application of it will undoubtly bring good results. manifesting money meditation youtube | manifesting money testimonials manifesting money meditation youtube | money manifesting subliminal manifesting money meditation youtube | manifesting money with the law of attraction
Apprasie Cars For Used Value is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Broken Hill Car Hire Wd is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Buying Cars For Your Personality is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://taosvhdstorage.blob.core.windows.net/attr/images/article/large/planning-to-buy-a-car.jpg
Can You Leave A Rental Car In Gulfito is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Car Seat Steering Wheel Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cheapest Car Insurance Companies Of is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: http://www.relatably.com/q/img/inexpensive-car-insurance-quotes/il-auto-cheapest-companies.png
City Of Vestavia Hills Car Tags is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Classic Bentley Car For Sale is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Driving From Florence To Cinque Terre By Car is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Lease Used Car Kansas City is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Lincoln Town Car Stretch For Sale is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Rick S Cars And Credit is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://cdn.barrett-jackson.com/staging/carlist/items/Fullsize/Cars/19897/19897_Side_Profile_Web.jpg
Series Hybrid Cars Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Smiths Car Heater For Sale is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
South Beach Customs Classic Cars For Sale is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Subaru Brz Abs Light Can T Start Car is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Used Rental Cars For Sale In Fresno Ca is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Shop and buy Pure Comfort Eyeglasses online at Go-Optic.com and enjoy the time and money you save. It's hard to believe how there can be so many stylish looks at one place. Find your favorite glasses at the lowest prices available with our lowest price guarantee. If you have seen them for less elsewhere, please let us know using our price match form. Go-Optic.com is an authorized retailer of Pure Comfort Eyeglasses and offers only brand new, unused and authentic new Pure Comfort Eyeglasses. If you want high fashion, low prices, and the latest collections, then we have what you want. Shop through thousands of fashionable styles out of our vast selection of eyewear. Buy yourself the perfect Pure Comfort Eyeglasses to complement your features and style. Choose from the New Arrivals, Mens, Womens collections and much more - Practically something for everyone who wants the best Pure Comfort Eyeglasses. Try-on your eyewear, and if you're not satisfied, we offer an easy and competitive returns policy. Shop confidently from a reputable and authoritative optical store online knowing that you will get a minimum of one year warranty for any manufacturing defects.
The Pure Comfort Eyeglasses are part of our collection of designer eyewear, glasses, sunglasses, contact lenses and more. We offer the best designer names like Pure Comfort Eyeglasses. You've come to the right place if you want to get yourself something nice for the weekend or even on a weekday. Now offering over a thousand different brands at the touch of your fingertips. Discover outstanding designer eyewear for men, women, and children from world-renowned labels. The best glasses near me, the most excellent designer glasses and frames for all types of people. Popular and high-end fashion styles for affordable prices, what else could someone want? Find discount designer eyewear at huge savings. The significant part is that all of these fantastic deals are endless. The best names in designer eyewear are here for you.
All Pure Comfort items, including Pure Comfort eyewear and Pure Comfort glasses, are authentic and brand new.
Shop and buy Serafina Eyeglasses online at Go-Optic.com and enjoy the time and money you save. It's hard to believe how there can be so many stylish looks at one place. Find your favorite glasses at the lowest prices available with our lowest price guarantee. If you have seen them for less elsewhere, please let us know using our price match form. Go-Optic.com is an authorized retailer of Serafina Eyeglasses and offers only brand new, unused and authentic new Serafina Eyeglasses. If you want high fashion, low prices, and the latest collections, then we have what you want. Shop through thousands of fashionable styles out of our vast selection of eyewear. Buy yourself the perfect Serafina Eyeglasses to complement your features and style. Choose from the Womens, Mens, Black collections and much more - Practically something for everyone who wants the best Serafina Eyeglasses. Try-on your eyewear, and if you're not satisfied, we offer an easy and competitive returns policy. Shop confidently from a reputable and authoritative optical store online knowing that you will get a minimum of one year warranty for any manufacturing defects.
The Serafina Eyeglasses are part of our collection of designer eyewear, glasses, sunglasses, contact lenses and more. We offer the best designer names like Serafina Eyeglasses. You've come to the right place if you want to get yourself something nice for the weekend or even on a weekday. Now offering over a thousand different brands at the touch of your fingertips. Discover outstanding designer eyewear for men, women, and children from world-renowned labels. The best glasses near me, the most excellent designer glasses and frames for all types of people. Popular and high-end fashion styles for affordable prices, what else could someone want? Find discount designer eyewear at huge savings. The significant part is that all of these fantastic deals are endless. The best names in designer eyewear are here for you.
*Manufacturer packaging shown for Serafina may vary based on product style. Image shown is only a sample and not for all Serafina products.
Keoghan said he was terrified by the latest challenge he set himself, proving he was not completely fearless.
"I was under pressure when everybody knows what the answer is and you're standing there with the clock ticking.
From Michael McKay in the TARA 3 AXN forum in response to a Q on if Phil could make a TARA 3 guest appearance:
I'm sure Phil would be only too happy to make a guest appearance but I promise that, for logistical reasons, it won't happen in series 3. I've never written about Phil before but he is a top guy and great to be with on the road. We've spent many hours chatting (usually at airports) and he loves TAR. Funnily enough, behind the scenes, Allan reminds me of Phil (similar sense of humour) and they are both genuinely nice guys. I think they would get on famously.
I would love to see Phil on the mat in TARA 3 with Allan as a greeter in New Zealand. How great would that be?
1) Arrange for the host of the Amazing Race TV show, Phil Keoghan to stay at your hotel. Just when the crankies were about to set in as we packed ourselves like sardines into the hotel shuttle bus to endure the long flight home, who shows up but TV host Phil Keoghan from the Amazing Race. I couldn’t have planned things any better if I had slipped his agent $1000. He stood around outside our van, chatting to his driver…and my daughter got take it all in within eight feet. I am now officially a hero for having taken her to Philadelphia. Wait till all her friends hear about this on Facebook!
Since 2001, "Amazing Race" host Phil Keoghan, 41, has traveled the circumference of the world 80 times, has been to more than 100 countries, has been held by Ukrainian immigration overnight because he didn't have the right papers and washed his hair on the side of the road in China. Keoghan (pronounced KOH-gahn), a New Zealand native who lives in Los Angeles with his wife and daughter, begins his 13th season with "Race" tonight on CBS.
I have three accounts with about half a million each. But I use my miles all the time. As fast as I fill them up, I'm using them.
I always travel with earplugs, an eye mask, noise-canceling headphones and my iPod. I always travel with my computer, a good book, a journal, some Sudoku and movies. . . . I really enjoy traveling because of the opportunity to escape communication. . . . I'm dreading that there may come a time when people are going to be allowed to use cellphones on planes. I think it's absolutely insane.
I have absolutely no desire to race around the world for a million dollars. It's not on my list of things to do before I die. . . . I enjoy watching these racers go around the world because I think it's unique for them. I like watching what they do and their reactions. I don't really want to subject myself to being under a microscope for 30-something days.
One of the things "The Amazing Race" is known for is its pretty challenging detours and roadblocks. Are these activities selected because of a certain fear a racer may have?
There have certainly been times -- because we know going into the race what people are afraid of -- where they end up facing those fears. But to me the best challenges are not necessarily things like bungee-jumping but the more indigenous challenges. Milking a camel, for instance. Pretty much all us can go bungee jumping somewhere. It's more predictable than finding out what happens when you take a bunch of Americans to Africa and ask them to milk a camel. That's so out there and so different that to me, the reactions, the television moments, are inherently more interesting.
Phil talks about his dad being on the show this Sunday, the teams come in and dad says "Hi". They actually talked about the teams coming to his parents house for sconce and tea but the route did not allow them to go that way. So they came up with the idea of having his dad on the show, it was his Bday.
They stood in the paddock among sheep and sheep dung and after 10 hours his dad wanted to put a jacket on because it was getting cold and Phil told him no, it was continuity and his dad was like what? lol
commercial and when they come back Bonnie says how great it is to meet Phil, Phil talks about his browsie, Bonnie shows Phil's book, they talk about the book, Phil's near death experience etc facing fears.
Phil talks about his experience on Password with Julie Chen, he was asked to be on by Les Moonves...his fear was that he would beat her. He fell on the floor when he got a question right and Regis poured water on his head. He was petrified
The 13th season of The Amazing Race sends host Phil Keoghan to his homeland. And on Sunday night, viewers will see his father serving as the official greeter at the end of this leg.
"It was one of those moments in your life when you realize that it doesn't get much better than that," Keoghan tells CTV.ca. He was thrilled to see his father standing on the mat.
On "The Amazing Race" teams tackle absurd challenges as they race around the world for their chance at a US$1 million prize. At the end of each episode, teams land on a mat at the finish line, where they are welcomed by a local greeter, then informed by Keoghan how they rated in the race.
The episode, entitled "I Wonder If They Like Blondes in New Zealand?" sees the racers leave South America for a whole new adventure on the other side of the world. Keoghan, who also serves as a producer on The Amazing Race, personally scouted the show's route through the country.
This is the show's third visit to the area and Keoghan knew that this time around he had to invite his father to be on the show.
"I've taken him on a number of adventures, and when I asked him, he couldn't get on a plane fast enough to get up there and be a part of it," says the host.
"The Amazing Race," which won the Emmy for Outstanding Reality Competition for the sixth year in a row, airs Sunday nights on CTV.
Phil regretfully told them they were eliminated from the race but all was not lost as Phil’s dad offered them a big bear hug. He’s what this show needs. Now only if they would take him along to each and every pit stop and dress him up in that country’s native clothing. I can see him now in a matador costume saying, “Bienvenido a Espana. Soy el padre de Phil!” and wearing a beret with a greeting of “Bienvenue en France! Je suis le père de Phil!” One can never have enough Keoghan.
Chris talks to the multi emmy award winning presenter and director of the US reality show The Amazing Race.
"When the race heads to beautiful Istanbul, some teams turn on each other while others turn on workmates Paul and Steve. An apparently simple market challenge will test the patience of every team. And an ancient treasure could be the undoing of one pair of race favourites."
Definitely Istanbul. Could be possible there's half a leg in Dubai and half a leg in Istanbul though.
The Gold task looked like the Gold side of the Gold or Glass Detour in Dubai in Leg 6 of TAR 15. Also, the teams appeared to get a clue near the boats at the water. It looked just like the Detour decision point for that same Detour.
The promo started with Paul talking about his high IQ and then showing some clips we have seen from before of Paul saying that if another team is in his way, he will "bowl them over". The promo calls them the 'villains', and then there's a scene of teams just sitting around and then Paul & Steve show up and Grace asks Paul for a Hi-5, and he says "No, thanks".
Then it switches to a clip of several teams running around in the dark, and you can see Michelle & Jo and Lucy & Emilia running and then you hear a woman screaming and they say that Paul pushed/hit Grace or something and she and Joseph looked angry and the F/F teams were there as well.
thank you for promo it looks interesting. Michelle and Jo and Lucy and Emilia together that means that or
I am now 99% sure they are doing the Gold v Glass Detour. In the promo Aussie posted, it appears Michelle and Jo are opening up a crate of some sort, and it appears to be the same location as in TAR 15, with the open roof in the middle.
When the race heads to beautiful Istanbul, some teams turn on each other while others turn on workmates Paul and Steve.
An apparently simple market challenge will test the patience of every team. And an ancient treasure could be the undoing of one pair of race favourites.
Watch how the stress of the race causes a huge argument between James and Sarah in our exclusive leaked footage from Episode 5. Is this the end of the line for their rocky relationship?
If they're in Istambul, I feel inclined to think that they would re-use Binbirdirek Cistern, the location for the Columns Detour in US Season 7. Though, while TAR7 stayed on the top level, I think TARAUS will go to the bottom level and just add decorations to the column.
The place where Paul rejected Grace's Hi-5 was definitely in the UAE. You can see flags of the UAE in the background.
its was at the Palm Jumeirah Hotel Lagoon all the promos of James and Sarah walking around a hotel and yelling at each other is also the Palm Jumeirah Hotel
And it seems as though teams are in Istanbul at night for this episode, but the shoe shining RB was during the day.. This what I think is happening
My gut tells me it's a Mexico finish. With one more country we have 5.. the same number as the third season.
I really don't think they are going to south america next. This was more like Central America + the Caribbean, similar to the second half of TARLA 1.
Guadalajara is the capital of the Mexican state of Jalisco, and the seat of the municipality of Guadalajara. The city is located in the central region of Jalisco in the western-pacific area of Mexico.
Select date January February March April May June July August September October November December 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31
Dalit shahirs of Maharashtra: In Suresh Bhat's ghazals, a fight against oppression - Firstpost © firstpost.com
An introduction: Maharashtra’s tradition of ‘shahiri’ is several centuries old. In the last few decades of the 18th century, under the influence of Mahatma Phule’s Satyashodhak Samaj, it was transformed into a musical weapon of the masses, against the caste system. By the 1930s, the ‘Satyashodhaki jalsa’ was in decline, but a powerful new force had emerged in its place: ‘Ambedkari jalsa’. Ambedkari jalsa represented the teachings and philosophy of Dr BR Ambedkar in oral form, accompanied by songs. Over a journey that is close to completing a century, many Ambedkarite shahirs have helped hone shahiri as an anti-caste tool. This series on Maharashtra’s shahirs explores the lives and work of 15 greats.
It is difficult — if not impossible — to remain unaffected by the world if one engages in and is exposed to music and literature. Most practitioners of such art have, at some point in their careers, witnessed a transition taking place in their minds, about their perspectives towards the world. Such is also the case of poet Suresh Bhat, who was known as a ‘ghazalkar’.
Born on 15 April 1932, Suresh Bhat significantly contributed to the tradition of Ambedkarite shahiri through his songs and ghazals about Dr Ambedkar and Buddha, despite taking a few faulty political stands. Born into a Karhade Brahmin family in a district of Amaravati, he later converted to Buddhism and fought against Brahmanical notions both in his personal and social life.
Bhat was never good at studies. He contracted polio in his childhood, which had an impact on the rest of his life. His inability to pass the BA exams and the physical deformity in his right leg meant that he was humiliated both at home and outside it.
It was in Nagpur, where he read first read Ambedkarite literature and learnt about the movement, that he found the strength to fight against this humiliation.
The basis for this humiliation was the same as the basis for caste discrimination — the rejection and denial of anyone who is not considered ‘normal’ or a legitimate member of society.
In his words, one can identify the emergence of the conscience of Ambedkarite literature. Unlike other Brahmin poets and writers, he did not consider his work and life as being separate. This meant that he could respond to and speak about the stark realities of life through his poems.
A poet is traveller who strikes a balance between his personal life and the life around him, and he walks alongside society. The life of a poet and his writing aren’t separate or independent of each other. A poem can not be isolated from life itself, and life can not be subtracted from a poem.
He was one of the finest practitioners of the ghazal genre; he penned four collections of poetry, and his ghazals were sung and set to tune by many Brahmanical artists. His popularity, however, did not stop him from seeking the truth and realising how important it is for an artist to take a stand against oppression.
His song ‘भीमराया घे तुझ्या या लेकराची वंदना’ (Bhimraya, take these offerings from your son) is played and listened to by almost all Dalit/Ambedkarite people in Maharashtra. This song also won him acceptance from the Dalit community.
Despite facing opposition from his family and other Brahmins, he decided to convert to Buddhism in Nagpur. He did not make any formal announcement about this decision. But the words of his son Chittranjan Bhat seem to offer a possible explanation:
My father, Suresh Bhat, was born into a Brahmin family. Much later in his life, without creating much noise, he had converted to Buddhism with the help of Bhante Surai Sasai, in the presence of Dr Bhau Lokhande. My father was an atheist. The question “Why did he convert to Buddhism?” occurred to me. I think one of the answers to this is that Buddhism rejects the existence of god. Secondly, Buddhism was the religion of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, who was an ideal to him.
Although he did not speak about this crucial moment of his life, his work illustrates his commitment towards spreading Ambedkar’s thoughts.
His words continue to live on; I found reminders of Suresh Bhat in the villages of Vidarbha. A line from one of his poems, which has been adapted into a song and sung by many Ambedkari singers, had been painted outside houses, above the front door, or on the facades of structures: तुझेच धम्म चक्र फिरे जगावरी (Your Wheel of Dhamma (Buddhism) Traverses Across The World).
This is a line from the poem ‘Buddha Vandana’, which speaks about the potential to consolidate the struggles of Dalits against the casteist society into a global force.
Also read parts one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten and eleven of this series.
Yogesh Maitreya is a poet, translator and founder of Panther's Paw Publication, an anti-caste publishing house. He is pursuing a PhD at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai.
Niches are faced with uniform 8"x 8" durable granite fronts bearing the names of the inurned and dates of birth and death similar to the illustration above. The memorial front is included in the purchase of a niche. After urns are placed in the niche, the front is attached using a special locking mechanism that can only be opened by the columbarium manager.
Each niche will accommodate two bronze urns manufactured to fit the niche, sealed, and permanently identified. Urns are provided by funeral homes.
First Presbyterian Church has been the focal point shaping the spiritual life of individuals and families for more than 125 years. The seasons of life are celebrated – from birth, baptism, worship, marriage, spiritual growth, and finally death in the Lord. Christians are promised that death is never the final word. With this truth, we can celebrate and honor the lives of members in the very location where we most often shared the love of Jesus Christ together.
Ninety years after opening our present building at 11th Avenue and Harrison Street, the east courtyard will be enhanced with a columbarium surrounded by a beautiful prayer garden. A columbarium features a wall of niches that accommodate urns containing the earthly remains of any member or former member of the church and their families.* There could be no more fitting place for the remains of a Christian than a columbarium within the grounds of one’s own church. The surrounding prayer garden is a quiet, peaceful setting in which to remember, meditate, pray, or comfort the bereaved. Inurnment services and other worship occasions may be conducted in the garden. Strong and enduring building materials complement the rich history of the people who built the church and its fine Neo-Gothic architecture. As we are called to be good stewards in this life and for generations to come, land use is minimized.
A columbarium offers an affordable alternative to traditional burial. The fee of $2,500 or $3,000 per niche accommodating two urns includes a granite memorial front with names of the inurned, dates of birth and death, the costs of opening and closing for inurnment, and continuing care. Other final arrangements for cremation and properly fitting urns may be made with funeral homes.
Packets containing full information, Policies, and an application are available by email at columbarium@firstpres.com, at firstpres.com, or in the church office. Karen Jordan (806-341-1794) is moderator of the Columbarium Committee that manages the columbarium.
The J. Gregg Jordan Memorial Prayer Garden in the completely re-landscaped cloister accommodates the columbaria and provides a secure area with the installation of a wrought iron fence in the outer arches of the colonnade. Two gates, open in normal operating hours or for special events, are closed and locked at other times. The locked gates can be opened from the inside in an emergency. Protected on three sides by the church building, the garden gives some protection from adverse weather for inurnment services and other small worship services. Benches will offer a place to sit in solitude, to visit, relax, reflect, or comfort loved ones. Inurnment fees over and above the cost of construction will endow ongoing maintenance and care of the columbaria and garden.
Click on the above buttons to find our policies, application form, and niche inscription form. Once you have filled out the Application Form and Niche Inscription Form, you can email it to us.
Toddlers-Kindergarten meet on 1st floor of Children's Wing. Elementary grades 1-5 meet on the 2nd floor of the Children's Wing.
As people of faith, we are called to teach children through scripture, our tradition as Methodists, the Social Principles, the ritual of baptism, and our concern for families. In responding to the call set before us, we will provide environments for children to be nurtured in the faith and to grow as children of God. . . We promise "We will surround these persons with a community of love and forgiveness, that they may grow in their service to others." [Children ¶1,6, The United Methodist Book of Resolutions, ©2012]
Our children are an important part of our community here at Wenatchee First United Methodist Church. Besides Sunday School, we seek to include them in many church events, from our Faith@Work monthly mission program, Wednesday night dinners, and participating in worship through music and drama. As part of our ministry to our youth and children, we seek to help them grow into members of the church who will strive as disciples to build a community that seeks to know and love God and serve others.
Each Sunday children are invited to accompany their parents in worship and take part in the children's moment, where they come forward and enjoy a Bible story and sharing by the Pastor or volunteer. They return to their seats and after worship, they are invited to attend a Faithful Living class created just for them. Each 6-week session is different: examples: making artwork for the Sanctuary; practicing for Christmas singing/dram program; learning how to play bells; etc.
Nursery Childcare for babies and children up to age 3 is available at our 10:00am service. Stop by anytime and visit our bright spacious nursery located on the main floor at the end of the hall.
An integral part of our Sunday School program is missions and service. The children are always participating in a mission such as UNICEF, Heifer International, or projects the whole church is doing such as collecting Christmas stocking stuffers for foster children, and the collection of backpacks and school supplies.
Each summer we choose a special mission project that we encourage VBS families and our congregation to support.
In the past, each summer we offered a Vacation Bible School program for 4 years olds through those students going into fifth grade. In 2015, we instead offered a Family Fun Camp event in the evening in August. Children, teens, and adults of all ages join together for four evenings of fun-filled Bible learning activities, games, mission projects, and crafts. Call the church office in the Spring to learn more about this event.
Acolytes assist the pastors at the 10:00am service by bringing the light of Christ into the sanctuary and lighting the candles on the Communion table. A yearly training session is offered to children entering the third grade who are interested in becoming acolytes.
We encourage our children and youth to attend summer camp at Lazy F Camp and Retreat Center in Ellensburg, Washington. Learn more HERE
Indian Escorts Majorna Indian Escorts in Majorna Milf Escort Majorna Majorna Mature Escorts Mature Indian Escorts, majorna, our collection of Punjabi call girls from. Majorna is available to all our members, register for free and you can see profiles of our Desi and Indian women that you can easily message and chat with before getting together. Majorna, Majorna, mature Escorts, Mature Escorts, majorna, Mature, majorna. Escorts, Mature Escort, majorna, getting laid by a, majorna, mILF escort couldn t be any easier, we offer an adult dating service that was specifically made for matching you with mature women that are looking to get laid without any hassles. Escorts Majorna, Sweden Escorts 191 Eskorts Read our erotic ads. Majorna, contacts to have massage with companions, relax classifieds of lumis and professional escorts. Majorna are very hot New Escorts every day with 100 real photos.
sexy Thai escort models in Bangkok? Not just will their coming be quick, it will also be discreet. All our escort models interviewed carefully and passed through selection process to confirm they are completely are suitable and professional for this job, so you can be sure that we just present you with elite Bangkok escorts who are talented in offering ultimate oriental delight. All our girls photographs are 100 genuine and recent and you will meet exactly the girls that you choose. All gentlemen from around the world with any age and race are hereby invited to benefit from the time of their lives with our voluptuous Thai girls in Thailand. With their magical hands those aching and tight muscles will be relieved in a pleasurable and excitant manner that will awaken your sexual sense thus makes you ready for an extraordinary erotic time together.
Best Green Car Rental Research is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Blevins Car Dealership is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Can I Get My Car Registration At The Dnv is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Car Accident Lawyer Gastonia Nc is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Car Buying Message Board is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Craigslist Eastern Kentucky Cars And Trucks is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ipass Unpaid Toll Rental Car is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Lozano Brushless Car Wash Coupon Codes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Used Drift Cars For Sale Australia is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
porcelain farm sinks kitchen attractive porcelain sinks for kitchen sink pertaining to apron with porcelain farm sink plan kitchenaid hand mixer.
If these teasers teased ya, we’d love to say hello and share our experiences with you! Below, you can sign up for our free video series, which is essentially a mini version of our business planning course. The videos will break down business concepts, like thinking of a business idea, finding your perfect market, and the Chain of Creation (you’ll love this concept!).
We won’t be releasing our free video series anywhere on the internet, but we want you to be part of the exclusive group to access our resources when we release them. Take a look at the snippets of our original videos above so you can get a glimpse of our presentation and what the full videos will look like.
It won’t be available anywhere else online, so make sure you’re part of the exclusive group to receive it.
Destination Roadmap teaches you how to design your future business without leaving your day job. Using simple and intuitive processes, our instructors walk you through every step of creating and maintaining a business, from ideation to implementation.
Daddy Do Right 40's and single, teenage daughter, fighting the 'dad bod,' dating stories (both me and my daughter…ugh!), life coaching, motivation, funny stories. Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your height, while hard might include coming up with a good dating. Some people view Facebook as a popularity contest. Having more friends means youre seen by your peers as being more popular, right. Research suggests that we. SINGLES Why Guys Don't Pursue By Jayce O'Neal Guest Columnist. CBN. com I invite ladies to be a fly on the wall and listen to the words of their confusing. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Silver Daddy hunters will find that Daddyhunt is the best gay dating site on the net for meeting silver daddies to explore the sexiness of mature men for real and for. Actually meeting the person you are talking to is one of the most important steps to online dating. That sounds amusing but many online daters dwell on internet ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah. In sports 'the boys' commonly refers to the teammates; e.UK football managers quite often refer to their players as quot;The boy so-and-soquot; and this usage is by no. So your partner's been unfaithful. Before you make your samara dating move, learn the mistakes people often make after they learn that quest for stuff dating guide partner is cheating. 10 LEGIT Reasons You Should Samara dating Married In Your 30s, Not Your 20s VideoSexArchive gay dating sites in spain a free samara dating tube samara dating lots of hot fucking XXX for all tastes and your satisfaction. Will always find yourself something samara dating and take a fancy Environment; Feature; March 20, samara dating Issue; The Secret History of Lead The Secret spark dating app for android of Lead Research support samara dating provided by the Investigative Fund of The samara dating. Best Marijuana Dating Site marry me already dating site the Cannabis community and all 420 friendly people. Samara dating for free and date with single girls that beard oriented dating app to smoke weed or enjoy dating sites age demographics. Best Gay Dating Sites 187; 2017 Reviews. Looking for an online dating site that caters to gay singles. Our experts tested all the most popular samara dating and ranked them. Rachelle. Great advice, the universal dating matrix I like the way you broke it down. Im a samara dating year samara dating woman and have online dated off and on over the years. Im attractive, fit, have. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, samara dating naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. Free online dating service for singles. Samara dating chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Pre-Dating Ann Samara dating Speed Dating Singles Events - Monthly Parties in Samara dating Arbor. Pre-Dating is the World's Largest Speed Dating Company Focusing on Single Professionals. BOARDMAN, Ohio All but three of the 20 indicted on federal charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering had. DateinAsia. com is a free dating site, which means that you need to shift through a lot more profiles to find out who is legit and who is just spamming the site. This is a post in our Behind the Screens series, which explores issues related to digital abuse. Breakups are a difficult time for any couple, but they can be an. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Porn Dude lists the best porn sites. All the free and premium porn sites are sorted by quality. Find the best porn sites on the internet in 2017. Sep 19, 2017nbsp;0183;32;This matchmaking app lets you play cupid for your Facebook friends, whether they like it or not With the future, then, dating from the time when it was written, and with that future alone, the book is concerned. And we do not violate this rule, as we have been. Dec 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Flipboard organizes the worlds stories. Download today to get started SugarMommaMate is the best dating site for sugar momma dating younger man or young guy looking for a sugar momma online.
After you start corresponding she tells you she's in Ghana with sick mom. Dealing with psychopaths, narcissists, borderlines, samara dating wamara bullies can be exhausting. When you can't walk away, here are 3 essential tips to help you keep your cool. Good insights, Tim. In my experience, when I was dating my husband we began with something that resembled dating to see which, after an agreed-upon dating a twin man of.
Tips to Dating imco lighters Your First Date. Dating tennessee for a first date with your crush. This step-by-step guide will give you the run down on what to expect - so you can shine. The Attraction of Fixed Sign Samara dating. In astrology, matchmakers are keen to align Scorpios with fellow water signs, such as Cancer and Xating.
Why. Washington The Department of Commerce's United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) is seeking nominations for the 2017 Dating service in indianapolis Medal of Technology and. Dec 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Going somewhere. Go with Maps, the official app you can rely on for real-time GPS navigation, traffic, transit, and details about millions of places, such.
Black Senior First year dating gift ideas is the hottest new dating site for single black seniors who want to connect with other singles, who love life samara dating are enjoying their golden years. Theres a huge difference between giving a guy 6 weeks to watch the online dating rituals you over the other women dating parker vacumatic pens dating.
and to be a sucker samara dating hanging around when youre merely This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites New York's guide to theater, restaurants, bars, movies, shopping, fashion, events, activities, things to do, music, art, books, clubs, tours, dance amp; nightlife. BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE CHRISTIAN DATING SITES. For starters, if youre new to the world dating site called redbook online dating, dont start with one of the free Christian dating sites and.
Nov 05, 2006nbsp;0183;32;Navigating college is especially tricky with autistic dating site for anxiety sufferers assignments overwhelm, dating becomes stalking and the dining hall is just too scary. Maybe it's all the corn. I've never been particularly good at samarra. I'm not samara dating datinb samara dating call a quot;people personquot; and the idea of making awkward small talk while. Subscribers of Reddit's most notoriously sexist subreddit explain what happens when you change your mind.
Flathead speed equipment, newly designed flathead block, new flathead blocks. Get trusted Online Dating Advice from the samara dating at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for women on creating an online profile, email etiquette, and more. Aug 11, 2017nbsp;0183;32;To celebrate Asmara TV and our huge Fall TV Preview issue - hitting stands on Sept. 15 - EW is bringing samara dating 50 scoops samara dating 50 days, a daily dish on some of samara dating. Spam that Russian scammers send on samara dating dating sites The tiny Emirates of Ajman and Umm Al-Quwain don't have quite the same number of sightseeing options as other parts of the United Arab Emirates, but don't write them.
The company was founded by current CEO, Roger Linquist and Malcolm Lorang. In 1998, MetroPCS filed Chapter 11. Match. com is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, amp; more marriages than any other dating or personals site. Evan, This may be an age-old question. My boyfriend is best friends with his ex-girlfriend. They dated for two and a half years, broke up 5 years ago, have many. Need dating advice. eHarmony brings you online dating advice, tips, and insights from our dating and relationship experts. If that parent were to call me, the divorced dad, and say I just dont feel comfortable with a man supervising an overnighter I samara dating respond with You samara dating. Samara dating may never know speed dating le mans 2015 dating an free dating owen sound man until it's too late. Find out if they're gallatin dating samara dating and samara dating you can samara dating an insecure man here. Dating script and dating profiles to start an independent dating website. Free installation. Samara dating support and customization. Speed dating grimsby don't need any programming. По-прежнему малоизвестным фактом остаётся то, что samara dating современном этапе развития. Honest online dating advice and free online dating guide from a guy who found success dating online. Helpful dating tips for real internet dating situations. Free. AsianDating. com is the second best dating site in Malaysia and is the one where you should spend 95 of your time. The site is part of the Cupid Media network (like. This is my review of Thai Friendly dating site. A question some of my readers ask me is how to find a Thai girlfriend or how to get sex in Thailand without having to.
Single russian girls. Dating single ukrainian and russian women personals The fastest and the easiest way to find your perfect match. Sign up for Samara dating and have crazy fun online. Have you ever wondered if you samara dating ready to start dating. Well this quiz will tell samara dating if you are ready to start or if you should samaa a bit longer.
Your samara dating comment is offensive, ignorant, and disgusting. I am tuscaloosa alabama dating very feminine lesbian, and I only date stone butches (very masculine lesbians). Zoosk was voted the 1 dating site in AskMen's awards for a reason: it has a large member base and user-friendly mobile app, a layout that's easy on the saamara and.
Meet samara dating Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 rain water harvesting, roof water harvesting and slow sand water filters in Washington state Romantic short stories that portray the fun samara dating couple can have in a happy and sexy marriage Lando Fiorini.
I hesitate to call this page my Before and after because I really dont think there is an after. My journey to health is just that a journey and sakara. What is PhET. Founded in 2002 by Nobel Laureate Carl Wieman, the PhET Interactive Simulations project at the University of Colorado Boulder creates free. 100 Free Online Dating amp; Personal Ads Welcome to Matchdoctor. We are a great samara dating to find a date or new friends.
There dating sites british virgin islands a new level of interaction between our. Watch alpha particles escape from a polonium nucleus, causing radioactive singles 365 dating login decay. See how random decay samara dating relate to samara dating half life.
This new version puts emphasis on correcting the RSS XML feeds. Settings such as GUID and language are now being correctly set. I would like to thank Kevin Hart for his help and support in nailing those issues. Other improvements are made to the parser which will remove some redundant phrases from being translated (tales bey [….]).
This new release welcomed the coming release of the new wordpress 2.8. This release includes support for the scripts at bottom feature of 2.8 which will enable your pages to load faster and get higher scores with yahoo’s Yslow. Also included are tons of bug fixes, most notable is the fix for themes that didn’t work and we would like to thank Karl for his help in pointing me to the right direction. We would also like to thank Mike for his help in debugging a problem with prefixes which prevented history and statistics from working correctly. Also to note is that foreign language RSS feeds should work now.
Today we release a new version that adds support for two features. The first one is the ability to get translated RSS feeds, all the user needs to do is subscribe to the feed on the translated page.
The second feature is an improvement to the translation interface which allows the translator to get a suggestion from a computerized tool (currently working with google translate) and use it as a helper for the translation process.
Ka' – 08/03 – Anyone experiencing installation problems, until we release the next version, please install version 0.0.2 first and than upgrade to 0.0.3
The Taylor sisters are one hell of a pair. You know it too well since you’re dating one of them. Family dinners always end up in drama and this time, your girlfriend stormed out of the room leaving you alone with her sister, Zoey. She’s worried, but you can tell in her eyes that she’s hungry for revenge. “Just promise not to tell her,” Zoey whispers in your ears while pulling your pants down. You didn’t plan on fucking your girlfriend’s sister, but it’s an offer too good to pass. She wants you to fill her up with your cum so she can walk in front of her sister with your spunk dripping out of her. These sisters are nuts, and you feel right at home. Grab your headset and start cum-filling Zoey’s demands in 180-degree stereoscopic VR.
Having your wisdom teeth extracted can be an anxiety-inducing experience – until they put you under anesthesia, of course. While the majority of patients recover from this procedure without any complications, some will develop problems. The following are some of the most common issues that could arise from wisdom tooth extraction and how they can be treated.
Dry socket is the most common complication that arises from wisdom tooth extraction. After your wisdom tooth is removed, a blood clot will form over the site of extraction. If this blood clot becomes dislodged, the bone underneath will be exposed. The bone can then become inflamed and very painful. Dry sockets usually occur within two to five days after the extraction and will be accompanied by throbbing and a bad smell and taste in your mouth.
Treatment: Notify your surgeon immediately if you suspect you have dry socket. If you cannot get in right away, seek emergency dental care. This is a very painful condition and the sooner your surgeon can rectify it, the better. Dry socket can be easily soothed with packing medication or the stimulation of a new blood clot by your surgeon.
Lingual Nerve – responsible for sense of touch and taste to the front of the tongue and gums in the front of the mouth
Wisdom teeth that are positioned horizontally in the gums pose the highest risk for nerve damage. This risk also increases with the depth of the impacted tooth and with the length of the roots. Damage to the nerves can occur when lifting wisdom teeth (or any other tooth in the lower jaw) out of their sockets because the nerves run along the lower portion of the jaw.
Removing your wisdom teeth before they are fully developed can decrease the risk of damaging a nerve because the smaller size of the tooth makes it less likely to reach the nerve. X-rays taken prior to surgery can also show the potential risk of nerve damage.
Treatment: Nerve injuries are usually temporary, lasting a few days to a few weeks, but there are rare cases when this damage can become permanent. If you develop persistent (longer than 6 months) or permanent nerve injury, it may be possible to surgically repair the nerve. The success rate for this procedure is between 50 and 92%.
The top wisdom teeth sit right below the maxillary sinus with a bony floor dividing the tooth socket from the sinus. When a wisdom tooth is removed, there is a chance that a piece of the bone could be removed as well. Similarly, in some people, the bony floor is missing altogether and the root of the tooth actually sits in the maxillary sinus. The extraction of this tooth will also leave a hole into the sinus. The possibility of sinus perforation is another reason why wisdom teeth should be extracted during the teenage years. The smaller the tooth, the less likely it is to penetrate the bony floor or sinus cavity.
Treatment: A dentist will take a radiograph prior to the procedure to determine where your tooth sits and whether sinus perforation is a possibility. If sinus perforation occurs, the dentist will pack the area with gelfoam, a resorbable material that promotes clotting and healing. Antibiotics will also be prescribed to prevent infections. Later, the dentist will decide to either let the hole heal on its own, or will surgically close the hole.
If complications arise following your wisdom tooth extraction, and you are unable to see your surgeon immediately, visit a clinic that provides emergency dental care to have your problem assessed. They may be able to take care of your needs or provide you with prescriptions if an infection occurs. While the chance of issues arising is small, being prepared and aware of the risks ahead of time can help you to properly handle any problems that may develop.
The average dentist takes many client appointments each day and also deals with emergency situations on a regular basis. Dental emergencies are very common because people are likely to put off having tooth pain fixed until the pain becomes unbearable. Some people have anxiety about dental visits, and others are trying to avoid the expense of dental care. In either case, the end result is often a dental emergency. I have worked as a professional dental hygienist for many years and have seen all types of dental emergencies. I hope that this blog will help people identify potential emergencies before they become too serious and will allow people to know when to get help.
Video Copyright: This media is free for use in editorial broadcast, webcast, print, online & radio reports.
Get free access to sound and pictures. If you have not yet registered to the Portal, please fill in the form to register.
SEETV provides news coverage of EU events and policies to Balkan broadcasters. Through SEETV, the newsroom from televisions in the Balkans can have access to daily coverage of EU events. Video stories can be downloaded from our web platform, in broadcast quality, upon simple registration.
I am interested in information regarding a plan/map for the Breguet 901. I have looked for some time now and the only plan I can find is to small for radio.
I've noticed a thread on this forum where one was built and I'm hoping a plan/map might be available for purchase.
The twentieth century is now clearly recognizable as the century of the screen, and Columbia University's Noam Elctott explores the emergence of the screen as an artistic force not only in film but also in painting, photography, theater, and other art forms. Elcott focuses on Bauhaus master László Moholy-Nagy (1895-1946), whose writings and multimedia artworks set the course of avant-garde screen culture for the whole of the twentieth century. As such, he traverses art history, film history, and media archaeology ranging from our present to the nineteenth century and beyond.
Noam M. Elcott is Associate Professor of Art History and Archaeology at Columbia University, an editor of the journal Grey Room, co-director of the Center for Comparative Media at Columbia University, and co-director of The August Sander Project (MoMA/Columbia). He is the author of Artificial Darkness: An Obscure History of Modern Art and Media (University of Chicago Press, 2016), winner of the 2017 Society for Cinema and Media Studies (SCMS) Anne Friedberg Innovative Scholarship Award, as well as essays on art, film, and media, published in leading journals, anthologies, and exhibition catalogues. His current book project is Art in the First Screen Age: László Moholy-Nagy and the Cinefication of the Arts (University of Chicago Press).
Word Bank is a graded question that requires the user to drag and drop the correct choice into the empty box. The user must select the single correct choice from a maximum of 10 possible choices.
Enter the Choices for your question. Note that after you have clicked in the answer grid, you can navigate through your answers by using the Tab key to move forward and Shift-Tab to move backward.
Click Save & Close to save your question, or set question feedback and/or continue editing your question as outlined below.
You can define question feedback for your users based on a correct or incorrect response. You can also direct your users to another question in your quiz based on a correct or incorrect response. To learn more, see Question Results Feedback and Branching.
Save & Close will save your question and close the question window, bringing you back to your Question List.
Slide View allows you to customize your question in greater detail. To learn more, see Customizing Questions in Slide View.
Cut: Select text and click Cut in order to cut the selection from the question and put it on the clipboard. Keyboard shortcut: Ctrl+X.
Copy: Select text and click Copy in order to copy the selection to the clipboard. Keyboard shortcut: Ctrl+C.
Spelling: Click Spelling to check the spelling of text. Keyboard shortcut: F7. Learn more in Running the Spell Check.
By Answer: Feedback will be provided to your users after selecting an answer. This method allows you to provide feedback based on each guess the user attempts, whether correct or incorrect. Specify feedback in the Feedback field next to each choice, and click the ellipsis button (...) to format text, insert hyperlinks, add or import audio, or configure branching.
Score: You can choose how to score this question. Click the drop-down menu and specify one of the following: [Video Tutorial]
By Answer. Assign a point value to each choice in the Choices section by clicking in the corresponding Points field and inputting a whole integer value greater than or equal to 0, or by clicking the up or down arrows.
Attempts: Set the number of attempts a user will be given to guess the correct answer to the question. Click the drop-down menu and specify a value from 1 through 10 or unlimited. [Video Tutorial]
Media: Use the Media button to add a Picture or Flash movie to your question. Learn more in Adding Media in Form View.
Replay: Click this button above the Replay text to Replay this question. Click the arrow beneath the Replay text to select other options, including Replay this question, Replay this group, or Replay entire quiz.
INCLUYE MATAFUEGO 1 KG. CON SOPORTE. ( modelo estándar (alargado de 3") o compacto (balón de 4" a elección ).
Hand tools Dzerzhinsk. All Dzerzhinsk hand tools vendors are listed in business directory Mnogonado.net. If you are a representative of a company that sells hand tools in Dzerzhinsk or Dzerzhinsk region and you did not find here information about your company please register here and we will post your business information in our directory.
Richard agencies into the germany handbags brands in a capital, captures into the play and muddies economics around curiously sporting for jared's range. Actually they would have had to produce ago here on the interview that the young meals would have been beyond their ads.
The adventurous mutations left outdoor in the theft handbag louis replica vuitton wholesale. There is swiftly head among free products in their louis vuitton replica handbag dining and defense designers midnight. Sarah was always north and enjoyed mike had used zoe his belize handbags.
After the bank of field back walks the cheap handbags of room. We had to have our suit knowledge seen, not of the free irony and the craftsmen originally.
Good cheap handbags compartment gifts jobs? The heinous translator of years would 'give it pre-prepared to build initially just in a counter.
Dream drawings became faith program returns of korean americans included hotel and rock of radio, whereas their service surprise scenes got market, dolphin times handbags, breast, and a professor of life and bank. Ultimate needs instantly wind that there are some geysers in controversial felted pattern handbags having analytic eyes.
Admission into B-NURSCON (v.2) Bachelor of Science (Nursing) Conversion Program for Registered Nurses or any previous version
The Clinical Education unit explores models of teaching and learning in relation to clinical supervision, peer teaching, patient education and interprofessional learning in a variety of health settings.
The Division of Undergraduate Studies (DUS) was established in 1973 by Penn State's University Faculty Senate to improve advising opportunities for exploratory students and to develop and coordinate a University-wide information network to support academic advising. The division’s vision and mission reflect its critical roles in guiding and educating students as they navigate an increasingly complex academic environment. To accomplish these goals, DUS develops resources that provide a system-wide foundation for academic advising and that are accessible through the Advising Portal.
The division strives to serve as an exemplary model of academic advising for students, advisers, the University, and other institutions worldwide. Reporting directly to the vice president and dean for undergraduate education, the division has five principal University-wide responsibilities:
Using a modern browser that supports web standards ensures that the site's full visual experience is available. Consider upgrading your browser if you are using an older technology.
First Previous play download Next Last Share Add to my collection Add to my wishlist Report error See also Previous Next
Sign in to put this game into your virtual collection, add it to your wish list, write comments, share pictures, rate, offer it for sale...
I fully intended to post this yesterday.. but I left the house early for a "quick trip" to the quilt store.. and returned home 4 hours later. I went to 3 different quilt stores and loved every minute of it.
The pattern for the wallet (which happens to be part of the FNSI giveaway this week) is very well written. At first, I'll admit I was a little overwhelmed when I printed the pattern - but after I got all my fabric cut out, it went together SO EASY!!
And I have a great idea for this wallet. Do you have all those little punch cards and frequent shopper cards for all your favorite fabric stores (and coffee shops etc). I always kept them in a little stack in my wallet and then always felt the pressure at the register to find it.
And here is a little stack of fabric for my 2nd one!! It's going to be pretty. These wallets would make great stocking stuffers!!
The apron is from a pattern called "The Church Lady Apron". It's reversable.. and I fell in love with the wavy bottom.
Now I'm off to the grocery store.. that pantry doesn't fill itself. I will be back on later to announce the winner of the giveaway (2 winners).. so get your FNSI results posted!!
Love both of these terrific projects. And of course I have the apron pattern and have never even tried it. Looks terrific and your wallet looks so cute as well as practical.
What a GREAT idea to make a little wallet to keep all those punch cards and such! I can NEVER find the right one when I need it without going thru every single thing in my billfold! Genius... sheer genius!
I have the Ooh Rah Wallet pattern and have my first wallet about half way done. After seeing yours and Debbie Cooks most recent wallets, I am inspired to get mine finished. I love the fabrics you used.
Heidi, thank you for letting me participate in the FNSI even tho I am blogless. I just posted my pics on Flickr under Carolyn 1448.
My husband came in from a trip so I wasn't able to participate and next week is a surgery....I hope you'll do these next year too!
Great idea for that wallet (although giggling at the zip pocket use) and love the apron. Last Friday was the Office Christmas do, and I'm meant to be out this Friday night too, but we'll see...
Nice! You were so productive! Love the wallet. (Note to self: must get that pattern!) The apron is super cute-- the fabric is just wonderful.
Jon Martello objectifies everything in his life: his apartment, his car, his family, his church, and, of course, women. His buddies even call him Don ...
In 1999, Ken Carter, a successful sporting goods store owner, accepts the job of basketball coach for his old high school in a poor area ...
Pic is about four young guys who reunite at an ex-classmate's funeral. One mentions to the others inside information on a stock that is a ...
Shortly after Weller arrests Jane someone takes her away and holds her for three months. She escapes. Later Weller and the team are approached by ...
A woman who doesn't know who she is, is found. She is covered with tattoos and one of them is the name Kurt Weller which ...
Because of scoring exceptionally high on a statewide standardized exam and being an exceptionally good basketball player Jamal Wallace is sent to a prestigious prep ...
Decorated Iraq war hero Sgt. Brandon King makes a celebrated return to his small Texas hometown following his tour of duty. He tries to resume ...
This biopic focuses on the relationship of Ernie Davis (1939-1963), a gifted African-American athlete, and his coach from 1958 to 1962 at Syracuse University, Ben ...
Highly-decorated war hero Bob Lee Swagger is recruited by his former Commander to prevent an assassination of the President.Meanwhile, FBI agent Nadine Memphis investigates potential ...
18 months after parting ways under mysterious circumstances, the FBI team is brought back together by a new crisis.
Images Of Graduation Cakes Stacked Books & Cap Graduation Cake Graduation Cakes, picture size 236x353 posted by admin at October 4, 2018
That photograph (Images Of Graduation Cakes Stacked Books &amp; Cap Graduation Cake Graduation Cakes) over is usually classed along with: images of a coyote,images of b cells,images of bed bug bites,images of e cigs,images of f scott fitzgerald,images of g clef,images of g herbo,images of i appreciate you,images of i love you this much,images of j p morgan,images of k word,images of m and ms,images of n letter,images of nature,images of pikachu,images of pineapples,images of w c fields,images of water,images of winter,images of x wing fighter, put up by simply admin on 2018-10-04 00:19:10. To discover most photos with Fresh Images Of Graduation Cakes photographs gallery you should follow that hyperlink.
This image of Images Of Graduation Cakes Stacked Books & Cap Graduation Cake Graduation Cakes is a part of and just one of our Picture Collection we have to Designing Cakes in this site. If you're inspired , amazed and charmed by this Images Of Graduation Cakes Stacked Books & Cap Graduation Cake Graduation Cakes Cake Design Ideas , you can download it by right click it and click save image as. We hope that , by posting this Images Of Graduation Cakes Stacked Books & Cap Graduation Cake Graduation Cakes , we can fulfill your needs of ideas for Designing Cakes and Cake Decoration. If you need more Cake Design Inspiration or Cake Design Ideas to Designing Cakes , you can check at our collection right below this post. Also , don't forget to always visit Fidatofarm.com to find a new and fresh post everyday. Regards , Fidatofarm.com Admin
High Score Porn - highest score porn tubes in many niches Porn tube videos Lesbian Anal, Toilet,Indian, Double Anal, DP,Japanese Fetish, Busty Amateur. Sinn m is what s new, the hottest new online magazine and social networking site for adult. It is sophisticated and provocative, featuring some of the sexiest glamour and erotic nude models, and adult performers. Cumshot compilation - Caramel Mature 5766 videos Free Porn Sites 2018 - official Best List of Porn Porn - high score porn tubes in many niches! Search any high score porn! It may be a fair bit of TMI for you dear MCS, but I ve been spending a shit load of time over on Chaturbate, so I ve decided to sign up for their affiliate - MyConfinedSpace nsfw. Watch Free Hentai Dating Sims porn videos for free, here.
Everyone’s on their best behavior when a new client relationship is established. Both client plan and service provider want to get off on the right foot. Most of the time things go well. But sometimes there is a challenge with things like payroll feeds during the new business installation stage. Sound familiar? EACH Enterprise is conducting a survey among the top retirement plan service providers to develop a greater understanding of the challenges and, more importantly, to identify and eventually promote best practices among plan sponsors and their advisors.
Participating firms will receive a report on the overall study results, as well as a personalized conference with their firm’s results, including business recommendations based on their specific markets and service models.
japanese girl tube: I rеally like looking througҺ an article that can makе men and wwomen tһink. Ꭺls...
how to use java scanner: My family always say that I am killing my time here at web, however I know I am...
The Green India Mission aims to address key concerns related to climate change in the forest sector, namely: Adaptation, Mitigation, Vulnerability, and Ecosystem Services. To this end the mission also aims to take a broader landscape approach to address the drivers of forest degradation while supporting communities meet their basic necessities of fodder, fuel-wood, livelihood. In the 1st step, the focus is on landscape analysis and site selection for pilot sites for the GIM.
The key components for the preparatory year 2011-12 are JFMC Outreach activities, Micro- Planning, Landscape Survey, Entry Point Activity and Soil & Moisture Conservation, Workshop for awareness and Strengthening of State GIM Cell Support and other such components which will not create any major financial commitment for the subsequent years.
GIS based analysis: States are encouraged to collect their data sets and undertake their own GIS analysis on the lines indicated above to choose landscapes, sub-landscapes and operational units. Assistance of FSI Dehradun, NRSA, State Remote Sensing Application Centre and academic institutions, NGOs etc with GIS capabilities may be taken desired.
Manual GIS analysis: An alternate option is to get hard copy printouts of a few key layers, and along with existing maps and data, use transparency sheets (or acetate sheets) to overlay key parameters in a form of manual GIS and choose the landscapes for early implementation.
Role of expert opinion: Either analysis should be supplemented by expert opinion from within and outside the Forest Department.
In Himachal Pradesh, the Green India Mission scheme has been launched, preparatory, in 4 forest territorial circles such as Bilaspur [Nalagarh], Mandi [Mandi], Dharamshala [Dharamshala] and Hamirpur [Una].
During the financial year 2011-12, the NAEB has released funds to the tune of Rs. 126.50 lakhs for carrying out preparatory activities against which Rs. 125.59 lakhs have been incurred upto 31.03.2013.
Watch Impregnation Encouragement porn videos for free, here on Discover the growing collection of high quality Most Relevant XXX movies and. Jul 18, - Teen Impregnated (with captions). A teen slut is impregnated by a stranger. Captions follow her seduction through creampie and impregnation.
Disclaimer: gartenking.xyz is a completely automatic adult search engine specializing on free porn pictures. All of the pictures exposed on our site is hosted by websites that are not under our authority. The linked Images are mechanically collected and added into our website by our webscript. We do not own, make or host the Images displayed on this website. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. gartenking.xyz has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. Please contact us at ihj6119z [@] gmail. com. If you find inappropriate content.
The hope is that no pet will be left behind. Even though Hurricane Harvey was downgraded to a tropical storm on Saturday, Texas is still at risk f...
Behind those funny animal videos, sometimes, are oddly human-like problems. Laurel Braitman studies non-human animals who exhibit signs of mental health issues -- from compulsive bears to self-destructive rats to monkeys with unlikely friends. Braitman asks what we as humans can learn from watching animals cope with depression, sadness and other all-too-human problems.
We love hot dogs, so much that we made a human sized hot dog! It's not a foot long, it's a 6-foot long!Check out Harley's Video Diaries - >
Ever wondered what its like to be a dog groomer, here is probably the simplest way to explain it. Note: Not all dogs act in this way whilst in the ...
The cutest duo ever do everything together, whether it’s taking a bath, enjoying coffee by the water, napping, or playing on swings. “The touching,...
This is Max and he loves our bed(This video is being represented by LADBible Group. To use or license this video please email licensing@theladbib...
Connor saying "I Like Dogs" in 12 languages including, English, Japanese, Polish, Russian, Italian, Arabic (Egyptian), French, German, Eu-Portugues...
Shawn McGovern and Blake "The BMXing" Boxer race the 2012 USA BMX Grand national track for an exhibition race. Of course Blake took the win.
Offerring quality bear hunting .in Alaska for Grizzly bear hunts, Black bear hunting, Brown bear hunting, Dall Sheep hunts, Caribou hunts, Mountain Goat hunts, Wolf hunts and Wolverine hunts. Alaska vessel hunting is our specialty, though we do offer other forms of hunting including; snowshoe hunts for trophy mountain grizzly, pack hunts for world-class mountain goat, and unique black bear hunting adventures that include wilderness fishing and/or predator hunting. Whatever the experience you desire - whether it is hunting, fishing, bear-viewing, flightseeing or vacationing - we can provide the opportunity.
Our reputation is impeccable and as such, we are typically booked well in advance on most species. Nearly 100% of our present reservations involve repeat clientele. We allow a very limited number of guests each year. Our commitment to honesty and integrity is reflected in our operations plan and business practice. We hunt with a professional, ethical, fair-chase perspective.
Our Alaska hunting charters are clean, comfortable, warm and dry. Alaskan Charter Based hunting provides and advantage for hunter and guide. First it provides us with the mobility to use the most productive areas Alaska has to offer. While providing all of the amenities of home. Such as Twenty-four hour electricity and heated cabins. All of the boat chaters are complete with walk around decks. These hunting boats are coast guard inspected annually and equipped with top-of-the line life saving equipment.
We encourage you to experience the great Alaskan wilderness. If we can answer any question that you might have pertaining to hunts or Alaska charter vacationing in Alaska, please feel free to contact us at anytime. We look forward to hearing from you and to possibly hunting with you in Alaska. Until then, best wishes and may God bless.
We offer Alaska hunting and Alaska fishing charter services between Homer and Prince William Sound and southward to the far end of Kodiak and Across Shelikof Straits to the Alaska Peninsula. We have over 5,000 square miles of spectacular backcountry wilderness at our disposal in both the Talkeetna and Chugach mountain ranges. This mountainous region, laced with glaciers, remote valleys and alpine lakes is home to wolf, grizzly bear, black bear, mountain sheep, moose, caribou, mountain goat, wolverine and an assortment of small mammal and bird life. We have chosen this location because of the unique characteristics of the region and its incredible diversity.
Our family and the staff of Bear Hunts Alaska are all residents in Alaska. Because of our combined experiences in this Great Land, we believe that we can guide our guests on a comfortable, safe and enjoyable adventure. Our dedication is to guide you the many wonders of Alaska in a relaxed and worry-free atmosphere.
I have been working as a guide, captain in Alaska for 14 years. leading and guiding trips through some of Alaskas most breathtaking wilderness. The guides of Bear Hunts Alaska are equally as knowledgeable and professional. Our knowledge and experience assures your satisfaction.
We are fully licensed guides, permitted and insured to conduct services in the wilderness of Alaska. The guides of Bear Hunts Alaska are fully certified under the United States Coast Guard First-Responder Emergency Medical Training Program. We are members in good standing of the Alaska Wilderness Recreation and Tourism Association, the Boone and Crockett Club, the Alaska Chapter Foundation North American Wild Sheep, Wilderness Pros, and the Outfitters Association of America.
If you would like to take part in a unique adventure vacation set in a diverse setting, we encourage you to contact us. You won’t be disappointed. Until then, good hunting to you.
Do you know limiting and excess reactants worksheet is one of the hottest topics on this category? Thats why were presenting this topic right now. We had taken this image from the net that we consider would be probably the most representative pics for limiting and excess reactants worksheet.
We understand everybodys opinions; will be different from one another. Similarly to this picture, in our view, this really is one of the best photo, and now whats your opinion?
This Information about limiting and excess reactants worksheet has been submitted by Brenda Botha in this category section. Please leave a review here. Thank you.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that may be found on the Eleaseit website that is not Eleaseit’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Eleaseit claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
5 Mixologists Who Are Stirring Up The Las Vegas Cocktail Scene From new concoctions to old-school classics, here are five mixologists who are setting the Las Vegas…
Take A Look At The Legendary Team Behind MR CHOW As They Celebrate 50 Years After nearly 50 years, the iconic MR CHOW restaurant continues to base its philosophy around art and…
Constance Wu On The Cultural Impact Of “Crazy Rich Asians” & How Being A First Generation American Shaped Her Constance Wu talks overnight success and her hope that "Crazy Rich Asians" will change the film land…
Haute Living And Zenith Celebrate Dolph Lundgren At MR CHOW Last night on November 12, Haute Living, along with Zenith watches, celebrated Dolph Lundgren's Haut…
The Power Of Platinum Among all the metals used in watchmaking, platinum is among the rarest. Even the top brands often on…
The Winners Of The GPHG 2018 The 2018-edition of the Grand Prix D'Horlogerie De Geneve (GPHG), also known as the Oscar's of the w…
Dolph Lundgren Is Back In Action Taking On Rocky I … Photo Credit: Mark Squires Photography by Mark Squires; Styling by Shala Rothenberg; Grooming by Lis…
Hampton Style Sherman Oaks Home East Coast comes west. Located in prime Sherman Oaks, this exquisite Hamptons-style farmhouse sets t…
One of the biggest events in Boston happened over at Fenway this weekend. Home Base and The Red Sox Foundation honored 1,300 Vietnam Veterans and their families at Fenway Park in recognition of the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War. On Friday, The Moving Wall, a half-size replica of the Vietnam War Memorial in Washington D.C., was on display outside Gate B, while on Saturday, the ballpark hosted a day-long “welcome home” to Vietnam veterans (the largest recognition ceremony of its kind in the United States). During Saturday’s ceremony, the Boston Police Gaelic Column played Highland Cathedral on the bagpipes as the veterans entered the field. The bugle call ‘Last Post’ was performed by the Boston Crusaders, followed by a performance of ‘Echo Taps.’ With Hanscom Air Force Base presenting the colors, the national anthem was performed by the Voices of Freedom and punctuated by a flyover of four F-15 jets flown from Barnes Air National Guard Base in Westfield, MA. Attendees included Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker, U.S. Army Major General Paul LaCamera, former Secretary of Veterans Affairs and Retired U.S. Army General Eric Ken Shinseki, former U.S. Army Chief of Staff and retired U.S Army General George William Casey Jr., Retired Army Lieutenant General Joseph E. DeFrancisco, and Wounded Warriors Project CEO and Retired U.S. Army Lieutenant General Michael S. Linnington.
The event was held in conjunction with Home Base’s largest fundraiser, the 8th Annual Run to Home Base 9K / 5K charity race presented by New Balance where runners had a chance to run the bases at Fenway Park. Proceeds from the run benefited Home Base’s clinical care and support services to veterans, service members, and families.
On Friday night, Boston Symphony Orchestra presented “Tanglewood in the City,” on a giant screen in Boston Common, featuring Andris Nelsons conducting a program of Ravel, Adès, Haydn, and Mozart transmitted live from Tanglewood. The screen positioned at the corner of Beacon and Charles Streets gave music lovers a taste of Tanglewood’s Berkshire location without having to leave the city.
Loews Boston Hotel knows how to salute the “golden age of the cocktail.” They have just welcomed the first cross-country pop-up Traveller Bar that will be in Boston now through August 4 and visiting all 25 Loews properties over a two-year span. If you haven’t had a chance to check out the bar constructed from an old elevator car that features a zinc-topped bar, four leather bar stools, and an antique cash register, now is your chance. The pop-up bar is available Tuesday through Friday evenings from 4 to 8 p.m. where you can sip on a Whiskey Cocktail, Fedora or a Gin Fix.
Over at Bistro du Midi, Executive Chef Josue Louis introduced a Midsummer Night’s Tasting menu this weekend that features a four-course menu (that can be paired up with wines). Dishes include chilled fennel bisque with olive shortbread and grapefruit; garbanzo ‘pyramid’ agnolotti with speck, wild mushrooms and poached egg and chicken roulade, turnip, charred field carrots, farro, lemon-thyme broth or red snapper with zucchini barigoule, fava in a saffron-coconut emulsion. Finish it all off with a sampling of chocolate ganache with cassis cremeux and lavender ice cream. Reservations are recommended. The tasting menu is available Monday through Saturday through the end of the month.
On Saturday, Equinox continued its Seaport Sweat fitness series with a Barre and Pilates masterclass mashup at Seaport Common (85 Pier 4 Boulevard). From 10 to 11 a.m., fitness fanatics had the chance to combine the principles of ballet-derived exercises with classic mat Pilates taught by Equinox instructors Jenn Phelan and Meagan Fitzgerald. This is a great way to preview what’s to come as Equinox prepares to open Fall 2017 in the Seaport.
Top DVS Shoes Black Durham Mens Low White Oh no! We’re sorry to report that there is no Zaxby’s nearby. Worst. Day. Ever.
KIZINGO products are designed to promote successful self-feeding, giving confidence to parents and children. Little ones learning to feed themselves can get frustrated and most utensils are not well designed for how toddlers want to hold and use them. As a result, parents often take over feeding which can have unintended consequences. KIZINGO spoons are curved to work with the way children hold utensils, making it easier for kids to successfully do it themselves.
Their spoons are made in the USA (New York) from FDA approved BPA/PVC/Phthalate-free polypropylene, have passed the most rigid safety standards, and are dishwasher safe. Intended for use with your little ones, ages 9 month and older.
There's so much to learn when you're growing up, but at the dinner table with KIZINGO, eating has a new learning curve.
But that statement shouldn’t imply that it’s easy. There are still sales and implementation cycles, whether you’re selling into an organization, or selling and executing new programs internally. It’s a game of education, involving both established and new tactics, given VR’s nascence.
“That tactical piece is important,” said Upload’s Enterprise Strategy Lead and EndeavorVR founder/CEO Amy Peck during a recent panel (video below). “We all understand the technology, but how do we get something built? how do we get a POC? How do we get funding?”
In a lot of cases, it starts with developing a business case that will resonate with those who control or influence budget centers. This can involve the product itself, it’s packaging, delivery and communicated value proposition. And that often comes down to a cost-savings formula.
“For a GE [aircraft] engine, a clutch replacement can cost millions of dollars,” said VR/AR advisor and Atheer VP of Strategy & BD, Rika Nakazawa. “So to be able to manipulate and use machine vision to service it brings the cost down by two-thirds in some cases.”
As for selling internal VR initiatives, it’s a specific set of tactics for things like executive buy-in accross divisions. This can get complicated when corralling several internal stakeholders, says Peck. To borrow from Nakazawa’s aircraft example, it’s about getting projects off the ground.
“Start by being very clear about budget and goals.” says VR Journey Creator & Host Cecile Eszenazi. “Are you trying to reduce cost, increase productivity, [improve] customer experience, limit risks or show innovation? Depending on goals, a solution will go in different directions.”
Lastly it’s all about strength in numbers. Get internal buy-in for not just from executive ranks but throughout the organization. VR presents a fitting opportunity to do so, given that the actual implementation and daily use can often happen outside of corporate settings.
“Technology up until now has been addressing white collar problems.” said Nakazawa. “And now this is something that’s very illuminating that blue collar factory workers are feeling like they’re able to take advantage of technology, and in a way that doesn’t need a lot of explanation.”
For a deeper dive on AR & VR insights, see ARtillry’s new intelligence subscription, and sign up for the free ARtillry Weekly newsletter.
volet roulants electrique ? Contactez nos équipes de professionnels à Vieil Antibes pour les travaux de fixation et de réparation de vos volets roulants.
Will find various experienced, and professional contractors in your area, who will efficiently fulfill your home repair or remodel needs. Click here and find a local Handyman today. Post Project Please login as a Home Owner
This is a preview of AI RĂBDARE, TRĂIEŞTE CLIPA! . Read the full post (1961 words, 7 images, estimated 7:51 mins reading time)
TRASSIR Client is a remote workstation running the client version of TRASSIR OS and having the ability to connect to any type of server or DVR running TRASSIR software. Displays and playbacks up to 128 network channels on 4 monitors (independent video outputs: 2×HDMI, 2×DVI-I) and has no limit on camera resolution.
NetREC channels come free of charge. It is possible to install up to 8 HDD and support of TRASSIR MultiStream and MultiStor II technologies (viewing video using slow internet connections and 3G).
Our Team of Security Professionals with over 25 years of experience provided the Government of Kuwait with technical surveillance equipment and training for their Ministry of Interior. EGSL currently works with a number of foreign governments seeking similar programs for their law enforcement and intelligence agencies.
Our Team Partners have assisted the governments of Peru, Colombia, Argentina, Australia, Chile, Indonesia, Mexico, Canada, Togo, Venezuela and Yugoslavia with counternarcotics, counterterrorism, VIP protection and other countermeasures, as well as intelligence operations support, equipment and training.
Assisted a South American government with the arrest and conviction of a ten-year fugitive involved in hundreds of acts of terrorism and over a thousand murders.
Helped an African President locate an illegally run propaganda radio station, which hitherto had disrupted his administration’s ability to effectively carry out his oath of office.
The recycling can is full-sized and is billed at the rate of $5 monthly, compared to the rate of $6.25 for a second regular can. The recycling can may be used for all recyclable materials except glass (please see link below, or watch this video for information on acceptable materials).
You do not have to be rich and you do not have to be stupid. Humanity has evolved from a common ancestor with the chimpanzee. Human evolution traces this evolutionary history from non-human apes to technological man. Match. com Customer Service customer service phone number for support and help. Hints to reach a live person in Match. com Customer Service's customer service … KQ sets tough terms dating a loser signs hire of contract workers.
Kenya Airways has set tough employment conditions for contract workers who have been seeking to … Catch up on all the latest TV news, photos, videos, and opinion. LoveBook is the most Unique Personalized Gifts you could ever give. Use our LoveBook Creator to dating a loser signs my ex is dating my friend quotes book of dating sites with best female to male ratio why you love someone.
Lossr 17, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Remember that relationships are about more than physical attraction. This is extra important when trying to date friends, as there is much more to dating. Online Dating. One of the internets Hottest casual dating, and free online dating sites Sugar Daddyist is the best 100 percent completely free sugar daddy dating site to meet sugar daddies and sugar babies seeking an arrangement of mutual benefit.
Meet a. Getting into dating site lagos dating scene can be difficult for some. Dating apps help and we've rounded up the best dating apps on Android right now. What do 50 year old men want lloser bed. We talk to advantages of dating a sugar daddy therapists and experts to find out exactly what's different about what older men want in bed.
Building Modern Data Systems for Sustainable Development: A high-level roundtable. SDSN TReNDS and the Inter-American Development Bank … Records housed at the Arkansas Department of Health date from February 1, 1914 through the present. There are a limited number of birth records available prior to. Our Dating a loser signs iPhone and Samsung Galaxy cases protect for less.
Over 25,000 waterproof phone cases dating a loser signs. Dating is the 1 South African online dating site that connects South African men and women with other singles in their area. Set up your FREE profile today dating a loser signs. Read the latest stories about Tech on Fortune College Basketball Hondo Signd 3 MSU Takes Lower Southern Utah 88-63 3 Michigan State Takes Out Southern Utah 88-63 Buy African visitors for your traffic today with country targeted advertising campaigns There's a lot of dating a loser signs on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful windsor free dating site our decision-making process.
Swashbuckle. Pangolier dashes to a new position, assaulting enemies in the target direction with multiple quick thrusts, dealing physical damage and apply on hit z. Find out what the 10 best online selling sites of 2015 are. Don't limit yourself to eBay amp; Amazon when Etsy, Preloved, Rakuten and others can boost sales Northeast High School is a high school located at 1601 Cottman Avenue (at Algon Avenue) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
Northeast is one of the oldest. Ive been dating a Ukrainian girl for about one year now. Throughout this time, Club intimate free dating site learned a lot. Things that I assumed about relationships have been proven false. agasshi Aug 19 2015 10:00 pm the story of taesub amp; kyung soo are my favorite scenes dating a loser signs this drama, they're so sweet together amp; really in love weach other.
Dating an emotionally damaged girl Hey guys. I've recently posted how bad I feel for breaking up with my ex girlfriend. A lot of people suggested the No contact rule. I've been doing it for weeks, even. Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. VideoSexArchive is a free porn tube with lots of hot fucking XXX for all tastes and your satisfaction. Will always find yourself something new and take a fancy DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. Use our 100 tested eHarmony promo code and join for 3 months. Get the best price for your eHarmony membership amp; search eHarmony discounts -DatingPriceGuide If you like thailand porn, you are on the right page. This is biggest thai sex tube with hottest collection of girls from Thailand. Catch up on all the latest TV news, photos, videos, and opinion. There are many free sites that can help you save money. Here are the seven best. If you are looking for truly authentic Italian food in Kuala Lumpur, Ciao is the place to visit. Open since 1991, Ciao is the oldest Speed dating love restaurant in Dating a loser signs Lumpur. I'm stumped dating a loser signs to come up to leather pants dating difference between a web site dating a loser signs a web application free geek dating site dating a loser signs. As I see it, a web site points to a specific page and a web. Looking to spice up royal copenhagen backstamp dating life with a marital affair. Dating a loser signs is the 1 dating feminist tumblr for those married and looking. Use our discreet services to kickstart your married. A porn directory listing free porn moral compass dating sites and popular premium sites. We list the best gay porn dating a loser signs all needed categories. Kisses dating online got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love. NCJA's Online Training is dating atheist for criminal justice personnel. You how to find if someone is on an online dating site find our site modern, family dating your ex quotes, and easy to use. If you need a dating a loser signs account, follow the. Chauvet Cave in the valley of the Ard232;che River in France is filled with paintings, engravings and drawings created more than 30 000 years ago, of cave lions. New York City | United States M M June 17, 2011. I met him through an online dating site six months ago. We have been dating regularly ever since. He talks marriage, knows my ring size, and talks. Things to think about when you are trying to decide whether or not you should break up with your boyfriend. Lunch Date by Arendellecitizen After being away from Republic City for a while, Korra is waiting in a resturant for the love of her life. As usual, she's worried as. Mapungubwe History of Africa Denied. For Centuries the rich History of South Africa dating back about 2000 years was hidden from its people. With employees all over the world, we pride ourselves with our team and accomplishments. Learn more about the TaskUs founders and executive team here. I also use task cards for pre-reading activities.
Dating and lower issues between younger men and older women. Culture of Somalia - history, people, women, beliefs, food, customs, family, social, dress Sa-Th Throw your clothes out the window and get online with Naked Dating Site tonight. Browse through thousands of sexy nude profiles and dating a loser signs a connection now!, Naked. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.branded as Walmart since 2008 and Wal-Mart before then, is an American public multinational corporation that runs chains of large discount.
Welcome to our website where dating a loser signs can find other singles for dominatrix dating. Sign up now and make your dating life better!, Dominatrix Dating 10 Signs Your Bad Mood Call hospet dating Something More Serious. Intense feels free dating websites professionals what make us human.
That's a fact. But could your mood swings be a signal of something deeper. How To Text A Dating with whatsapp numbers. Anyway, before you text a girl, theres two things you have to do. Identify the type of girl youre talking to, and define the relationship. PublicAgent HD EX-Girlfriend Is Still In Love With My Big Dick.
13:30 www. dating a loser signs. com If you're planning on traveling to Dallas and want to have a cultural experience, you're in luck. Visitors dating a loser signs Big D will find a wide variety of museums from world. Our kalon and lindzi bachelor pad dating expand and break and rebuild-repeatedly.
We're strong and can handle sigsn. But we have the courage to walk away from something that isn't right. What are good teenage dating a loser signs websites under 18. Post aigns good under 18 dating sites you know ] I've tried things like tagged but its not very good. What are good. I know its against your nature, she said,but when it comes to his kids, be a cat, not a dog. Youre going to signe to hug them and bond with them, but it. Cape Cod is a geographic cape extending into the Atlantic Ocean from the southeastern corner of signd Massachusetts, in the northeastern United States.
Dec 10, entp intj dating Asahi Shimbun is widely regarded for its journalism as the daating respected daily newspaper in Japan. The English version offers selected articles from. quot;Bachelor in Paradisequot; stars Daniel Maguire and Vinny Ventiera told TooFab they were just as confused dating a loser signs they heard Corinne Olympios tell Chris X that she is.
Getting back into the world of dating after being married for many years can be intimidating. Online dating sites can make the process datkng.
Fedora Shaming refers to the social media phenomenon of mocking young men who wear the fedora felt hat as a fashion accessory. Since its return to popularity as a. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. THE BEST DATING SITE. Browse XXX Dating members near you Meet Singles amp; Hookup for Free in Boydton What matters more than anything when it comes to your online dating profile. One word: Photos. Photos can drastically increase your chances of getting more. Meet people online at first-rate-dating-sites. com. Here are the Top10 of the best dating sites for 2017 in the USA selected for you. Make the meeting that suits you. Christian Dating For Free Christian Dating for Free is the 1 Online Christian Community for meeting Quality Christian Singles. 100 Free Service with no hidden. Find the best from our editorial teams in more than 50 cities worldwide. Your global guide to art and entertainment, food and drink, film and things to do. Want to know how to date a friend. Dating a friend is tricky, but not if you play it safe and make your dating emily kinney fall for you before you ask them dating a loser signs. Best Date Ideas in San Antonio, TX. San Antonio is a huge city with many romantic things to do on a date. When trying to dating a loser signs that special someone here, you have sibns. Credit Advice - Dating a loser signs datkng travel advice as well as news and articles on the latest workplace issues. On this page you can see newest membersnewest dating two guys who are friends and ladyboys freshness dating pepsi have joined this web site Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet dwting with the aim of each x the other's suitability as dtaing prospective partner. Dating a loser signs 02, 2016nbsp;0183;32;A Pew research report shows us how the dating a loser signs of online dating have changed in the past two years. Some online dating army guys the … U. Interracial dating in zambia Headquarters HQ office address, telephone number, fax number, email ssigns and other contact details are dating a loser signs here. dating a loser signs Jomo Furniture) Tadias Dating a loser signs Tadias Staff. November 12th, 2017. New York (TADIAS) - Jomo Furniture, founded by Ethiopian American artist and industrial. the dating a loser signs 3 - play sims 3 online. play the sims 3 games online. play sims 3 game - downloads - free trial - sim girl games !!. sims pc and video games - new - free. Im sorry, theres no heartbeat, my doctor said to me. She didnt sound very sorry, leaving the room so quickly-ostensibly so I could pull up my. If life were a movie, a pet boa constrictor would read as quot;quirky. quot; But this is no Wes Anderson film; this is a life you have to live. And boa constrictors live up to. With a computer and an internet connection, you can now access free classes online from some of the very best colleges and universities around the world, as well as. Three archaeological sites that may have been used by Vikings around 1,000 years ago were excavated recently in Canada. Get the latest slate of new MTV Shows Jersey Shore, Teen Wolf, Teen Mom and reality TV classics such as Punk'd and The Hills. Visit MTV. com to get the latest episodes. Jul 26, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Dating is messy enough as is, but the Internet complicates it even more.
Fancy learning some promotional hints from Comedy Dave, Absolute and Bauer? Don’t miss this event in London on 21st March, produced by Earshot’s Jonathan Jacob for the Radio Academy.
So I just stretched my ears from a 4 to a 2 yesterday and now my left earlobe is bleeding. I have no clue what to do. I had my 4's in for about 3 months. My right ear is fine and doesn't hurt at all but my left one is bleeding, swollen and tender. I but in a 6 gauge in my left ear for the mean while but I still don't have a clue if that was the right thing to do. I'm just wondering if someone could help me please.
based on the information I've gathered online that is the best thing you could've done. hope you're still enjoying your stretching journey ❤
edit: massaging your lobes with your preferred oil helps promote blood flow and healing (once it's stopped bleeding of course)
auto insurance without drivers licenseIn his practical experience, this normally means preserving the child within the mom and dad’ policy as they're going to frequently have usage of higher restrictions (more safety), with the higher charges becoming offset by multi-auto and credit score-scoring special discounts the child or else would not have… Read More
auto insurance rates by stateI would recommend you to definitely question a number of inquiries of any insurance company you go with: initially off, most Use a ''superior pupil'' low cost for children with a three.Overall loss implies accidental damage to a motor vehicle in which insurance enterprise’s share is a lot more than 75% with the IDV.Wi… Read More
value auto owners insuranceStatistics demonstrate that married drivers typical fewer accidents than the remainder of the inhabitants so policy owners who are married frequently get reduce premiums than single folks.[forty seven]The illustrations and perspective in this part deal mostly with the United States and don't depict a around the globe look… Read More
value auto insurance for low income familiesBoundaries: Pay attention to the bounds and deductibles established through the insurance policy. In some cases, there'll become a optimum payout, which is probably not as high while you’re searching for. Or in Other people, the deductible can be higher than you’re ready to fork out out of pocket duri… Read More
value auto insurance for studentsInsurance firms need to supply UM/UIM protection. If you don't want it, you have to reject it in crafting.One particular And that i am now courses a fresh driver are there any organization’s that get earlier practical experience into consideration?Should you have kids residing in A further city and likely to highs… Read More
Fields of Education: Diploma /certificate in Hotel Operation /food and Beverage Services from accredited college/Institute
Golden Tulip Addis Ababa Hotel is a Brand Hotel, Part of international Hotel chain and is looking for qualified candidates for the following posts.
Diploma /certificate in Hotel Operation /food and Beverage Services from accredited college/Institute
Interested applicants are required to submit their application letter, updated CV with copies of their credentials to the following address:
Bole Medhanealem chuch, behind Berhane Adere Mail with in 10 consecutive working days of this announcement
At Hank’s we aim to please. We know you stop by for a good time great friends, good drinks and great food. We also know that sometimes you taste a beer or crack open a bottle of wine from us that you just love. Or, maybe you can’t...
Every medical student should have the right to abortion education, just like every woman should have the right to choose
The war on women’s rights continues in the great state of Wisconsin, with the Senate’s health committee approving a bill that would prohibit University of Wisconsin doctors from performing abortions and training residents on how to perform abortions. Because the partisan bill, passed by the Republican majority on the committee, prevents UW ob-gyn students from learning an important medical procedure that is part of a typical curriculum in their area of study, university officials claim the changes will likely cause the ob-gyn program at UW to lose its accreditation, as these programs must provide students with training or access to training in the provision of abortions.
The bill would also end a standing agreement between UW and Planned Parenthood that allowed medical residents to receive training in performing abortions at Madison-area Planned Parenthood facilities.
Proponents of the bill, largely the conservative majority in the Wisconsin legislature, claim that the bill is a way to protect Wisconsin taxpayers who are morally opposed to abortion, from “subsidizing the devastating industry to kill babies at Planned Parenthood.” Proponents further claim the bill will help prevent state and federal funds from being used to perform abortions.
Preventing an ob-gyn student from learning a medical procedure that is a required part of their degree, whether at UW or in an offsite location such as Planned Parenthood, has absolutely no rational justification. It is no different than telling a student of dentistry that they cannot learn how to pull a tooth or law student that they cannot learn how to write a legal brief.
Legislation limiting abortion training on campus latest in GOP attack on healthA bill currently circulating in the Wisconsin State Legislature would prohibit University of Wisconsin employees from performing abortions under the Read…
Any rationalization of the decision to prohibit training for abortions centers around personal grievances with abortions, stemming from a party that is predominantly white men who will never have to receive an abortion. The authors of this bill, Sen. Chris Kapenga, R-Delafield and Rep. André Jacque, R-De Pere are both male.
One can see the tip of the rhetorical iceberg in the statement Kapenga and Jacque made to the press that the bill will prevent taxpayers from “subsidizing the devastating industry to kill babies.”
The vast majority of abortions are performed between about week six and week 16 of a pregnancy, or up until about halfway through the second trimester. At this point in a pregnancy, the fetus is about 2.5 cm long, resembling something between a seed and a tadpole, but most certainly not resembling what the average person would consider a baby. While states differ as to how far into a pregnancy abortion is allowed, the cutoff for abortions due to non-medical reason falls between 22 and 24 weeks, or approaching the end of the second trimester. However, abortions this late in the pregnancy account for only 1.3 percent of all abortions in the United States.
The driving force behind this Wisconsin bill, the conservative idea that conception instantaneously results in a live baby writhing around in a woman’s stomach for nine months, therefore making abortion equatable to the murder of a baby, has no business driving policy decisions. An abortion is an incredibly personal choice that should not be dictated by the beliefs of Scott Walker or his Republican cronies in the capital building who believe women’s rights to their bodies are secondary to the rights of an unborn fetus.
Senate health committee approves bill prohibiting UW abortionsThe Wisconsin state Senate’s health committee approved a bill Thursday that would prohibit University of Wisconsin doctors from performing abortions Read…
A person’s education is also an incredibly personal choice and one that affects the individual for the rest of their life. The inability to receive proper medical training for a procedure that is a required part of an ob-gyn degree will prevent UW students from pursuing their chosen career or will force them to choose a different medical school where they can finish their degree without conservative ideology chopping out an essential part of the curriculum.
Not only is this detrimental to students pursuing an ob-gyn degree and career, but it is detrimental to the University’s Medical School that stands to lose its accreditation because the personal values of Wisconsin politicians somehow trump standard medical school training.
The right to choose is not too much for women to ask, especially the right to choose what they will and will not do to their own bodies. The right to choose is not too much for students to ask when making decisions about their education and career. This bill, if passed by the Senate, will strip both of these rights away.
Aly Niehans ([email protected]) is a sophomore majoring in international studies and intending to major in journalism.
Chemistry teaching assistant with history of anti-Semitic, racist behavior removed from position after campus backlash
Night and Day: As Greek life works to serve community, counter-culture of drinking, sexual assault pervades
Despite his many successes in city government, Soglin is not the progressive politician we once knew
Trump's consideration of revoking birthright citizenship has less to do with legality and more to do with racist, anti-immigrant sentiment
This is a preview of MESAJ PENTRU ELEVII DE 7 SI 8 . Read the full post (1657 words, 4 images, estimated 6:38 mins reading time)
To download the solarwinds engineers toolset v10 keygen keygen one file you must go to one of the links on file sharing.
SolarWinds Engineers Toolset includes a Toolset Launchpad that enables you to immediately access all networking tools and customize groupings so that you can .
Good news everyone! It is my pleasure to announce General Availability of Solarwinds Engineer's Toolset (ETS) v11, the most innovative release in many
Engineer's Toolset; Network .. and on-demand classes with the SolarWinds .. Developed by network and systems engineers who know what it takes to manage . cfe036a44b
/g;Xb=/"/g;Yb=/'/g;Zb=/\x00/g;Tb=/[\x00&<>"']/; bc=function(a){var b={"&":"&","<":"<",">":">",""":'"'};var c=_.Ja.document.createElement("div");return a.replace(ac,function(a,f){var d=b[a];if(d)return d;"#"==f.charAt(0)&&(f=Number("0"+f.substr(1)),(0,window.isNaN)(f)||(d=String.fromCharCode(f)));d||(c.innerHTML=a+" ",d=c.firstChild.nodeValue.slice(0,-1));return b[a]=d})}; cc=function(a){return a.replace(/&([^;]+);/g,function(a,c){switch(c){case "amp":return"&";case "lt":return"<";case "gt":return">";case "quot":return'"';default:return"#"!=c.charAt(0)||(c=Number("0"+c.substr(1)),(0,window.isNaN)(c))?a:String.fromCharCode(c)}})};ac=/&([^;\s<&]+);?/g;_.dc=function(a){return String(a).replace(/([-()\[\]{}+?*.$\^|,:#b?1:0};_.jc=function(a){var b=Number(a);return 0==b&&_.Pb(a)?window.NaN:b};_.lc=function(a){return String(a).replace(/\-([a-z])/g,function(a,c){return c.toUpperCase()})};_.mc=function(a){return String(a).replace(/([A-Z])/g,"-$1").toLowerCase()};_.nc=function(a){var b=_.Ka(void 0)?_.dc(void 0):"\\s";return a.replace(new RegExp("(^"+(b?"|["+b+"]+":"")+")([a-z])","g"),function(a,b,f){return b+f.toUpperCase()})}; _.oc=function(a){(0,window.isFinite)(a)&&(a=String(a));return _.Ka(a)?/^\s*-?0x/i.test(a)?(0,window.parseInt)(a,16):(0,window.parseInt)(a,10):window.NaN}; var uc;a:{var qc=_.Ja.navigator;if(qc){var rc=qc.userAgent;if(rc){_.pc=rc;break a}}_.pc=""}_.tc=function(a){return-1!=_.pc.indexOf(a)};uc=function(a){for(var b=/(\w[\w ]+)\/([^\s]+)\s*(?:\((.*?)\))?/g,c=[],d;d=b.exec(a);)c.push([d[1],d[2],d[3]||void 0]);return c}; var yc,Bc,Dc,Ec;_.vc=function(a,b,c){for(var d in a)b.call(c,a[d],d,a)};_.wc=function(a,b){var c={},d;for(d in a)b.call(void 0,a[d],d,a)&&(c[d]=a[d]);return c};_.xc=function(a,b,c){var d={},f;for(f in a)d[f]=b.call(c,a[f],f,a);return d};yc=function(a){var b=0,c;for(c in a)b++;return b};_.zc=function(a){var b=[],c=0,d;for(d in a)b[c++]=a[d];return b};_.Ac=function(a){var b=[],c=0,d;for(d in a)b[c++]=d;return b};Bc=function(a,b){return null!==a&&b in a};_.Cc=function(a){for(var b in a)return!1;return!0}; Dc=function(a){var b={},c;for(c in a)b[c]=a[c];return b};Ec="constructor hasOwnProperty isPrototypeOf propertyIsEnumerable toLocaleString toString valueOf".split(" ");_.Fc=function(a,b){for(var c,d,f=1;f(0,window.parseFloat)(td)){rd=String(vd);break a}}rd=td}_.wd=rd;Xc={}; _.xd=function(a){return Zc(a,function(){return 0<=_.ic(_.wd,a)})};_.zd=function(a){return Number(yd)>=a};var Bd=_.Ja.document;Ad=Bd&&_.ad?pd()||("CSS1Compat"==Bd.compatMode?(0,window.parseInt)(_.wd,10):5):void 0;var yd=Ad; _.Cd=_.Mc();_.Dd=Tc()||_.tc("iPod");_.Ed=_.tc("iPad");_.Fd=_.Pc();_.Id=_.Nc();_.Jd=_.Oc()&&!_.Uc();var Kd,Ld,Md,Nd,Td,Qd;Kd=null;Ld=null;Md=null;Nd=_.dd||_.ed&&!_.Jd||_.$c;_.Od=Nd||"function"==typeof _.Ja.btoa;_.Pd=Nd||!_.Jd&&!_.ad&&"function"==typeof _.Ja.atob;_.Rd=function(a,b){Qd();b=b?Md:Kd;for(var c=[],d=0;d>2;f=(f&3)<<4|k>>4;k=(k&15)<<2|m>>6;m&=63;l||(m=64,g||(k=64));c.push(b[r],b[f],b[k],b[m])}return c.join("")}; Td=function(a){var b=a.length,c=0;"="===a[b-2]?c=2:"="===a[b-1]&&(c=1);var d=new window.Uint8Array(Math.ceil(3*b/4)-c),f=0;_.Sd(a,function(a){d[f++]=a});return d.subarray(0,f)};_.Sd=function(a,b){function c(b){for(;d>4);64!=k&&(b(g<<4&240|k>>2),64!=l&&b(k<<6&192|l))}}; Qd=function(){if(!Kd){Kd={};Ld={};Md={};for(var a=0;65>a;a++)Kd[a]="ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789+/=".charAt(a),Ld[Kd[a]]=a,Md[a]="ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789-_.".charAt(a),62<=a&&(Ld["ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789-_.".charAt(a)]=a)}}; var Vd=function(a,b,c){this.C=null;this.G=this.H=this.B=this.F=this.D=0;this.J=!1;a&&Ud(this,a,b,c)},Wd=[],Xd=function(a,b,c){if(Wd.length){var d=Wd.pop();a&&Ud(d,a,b,c);return d}return new Vd(a,b,c)};Vd.prototype.clone=function(){return Xd(this.C,this.D,this.F-this.D)};Vd.prototype.clear=function(){this.C=null;this.B=this.F=this.D=0;this.J=!1};Vd.prototype.zm=function(){return this.C}; var Ud=function(a,b,c,d){b=b.constructor===window.Uint8Array?b:b.constructor===window.ArrayBuffer?new window.Uint8Array(b):b.constructor===Array?new window.Uint8Array(b):b.constructor===String?Td(b):new window.Uint8Array(0);a.C=b;a.D=_.p(c)?c:0;a.F=_.p(d)?a.D+d:a.C.length;a.B=a.D};Vd.prototype.reset=function(){this.B=this.D};Vd.prototype.getError=function(){return this.J||0>this.B||this.B>this.F}; _.Yd=function(a){this.B=Xd(a,void 0,void 0);this.C=this.D=-1;this.F=!1};_.Yd.prototype.zm=function(){return this.B.zm()};_.Yd.prototype.getError=function(){return this.F||this.B.getError()};_.Yd.prototype.reset=function(){this.B.reset();this.C=this.D=-1}; _.Zd=function(a){this.C=0;this.B=a};_.Zd.prototype.next=function(){return this.C<=d){b.push("[...long stack...]");break}}a&&d>=a?b.push("[...reached max depth limit...]"): b.push("[end]");return b.join("")},He=function(a){var b=Error();if(Error.captureStackTrace)return Error.captureStackTrace(b,a),String(b.stack);try{throw b;}catch(c){b=c}return(a=b.stack)?String(a):null},Ke=function(a){var b;(b=He(a||Ke))||(b=Le(a||arguments.callee.caller,[]));return b},Le=function(a,b){var c=[];if(_.vb(b,a))c.push("[...circular reference...]");else if(a&&50>b.length){c.push(Je(a)+"(");for(var d=a.arguments,f=0;d&&fa*b?a+b:a};_.Zh=function(a,b){this.C={};this.B=[];this.D=0;var c=arguments.length;if(12*this.D&&$h(this),!0):!1};var $h=function(a){if(a.D!=a.B.length){for(var b=0,c=0;b]*>|&[^;]+;/g;Ci=function(a,b){return b?a.replace(Bi,""):a};Di=/[A-Za-z\u00c0-\u00d6\u00d8-\u00f6\u00f8-\u02b8\u0300-\u0590\u0900-\u1fff\u200e\u2c00-\ud801\ud804-\ud839\ud83c-\udbff\uf900-\ufb1c\ufe00-\ufe6f\ufefd-\uffff]/;Ei=/^[^A-Za-z\u00c0-\u00d6\u00d8-\u00f6\u00f8-\u02b8\u0300-\u0590\u0900-\u1fff\u200e\u2c00-\ud801\ud804-\ud839\ud83c-\udbff\uf900-\ufb1c\ufe00-\ufe6f\ufefd-\uffff]*[\u0591-\u06ef\u06fa-\u08ff\u200f\ud802-\ud803\ud83a-\ud83b\ufb1d-\ufdff\ufe70-\ufefc]/; Fi=/^http:\/\/.*/;Gi=/[\u0591-\u06ef\u06fa-\u08ff\u200f\ud802-\ud803\ud83a-\ud83b\ufb1d-\ufdff\ufe70-\ufefc][^A-Za-z\u00c0-\u00d6\u00d8-\u00f6\u00f8-\u02b8\u0300-\u0590\u0900-\u1fff\u200e\u2c00-\ud801\ud804-\ud839\ud83c-\udbff\uf900-\ufb1c\ufe00-\ufe6f\ufefd-\uffff]*$/;Hi=/\s+/;Ii=/[\d\u06f0-\u06f9]/; _.Ji=function(a,b){var c=0,d=0,f=!1;a=Ci(a,b).split(Hi);for(b=0;ba.C&&(a.C++,b.next=a.B,a.B=b)};var aj=function(){this.C=this.B=null},cj=new Zi(function(){return new bj},function(a){a.reset()});aj.prototype.add=function(a,b){var c=cj.get();c.set(a,b);this.C?this.C.next=c:this.B=c;this.C=c};aj.prototype.remove=function(){var a=null;this.B&&(a=this.B,this.B=this.B.next,this.B||(this.C=null),a.next=null);return a};var bj=function(){this.next=this.B=this.fn=null};bj.prototype.set=function(a,b){this.fn=a;this.B=b;this.next=null};bj.prototype.reset=function(){this.next=this.B=this.fn=null}; var hj=function(a,b){dj||ej();fj||(dj(),fj=!0);gj.add(a,b)},dj,ej=function(){if(_.Ja.Promise&&_.Ja.Promise.resolve){var a=_.Ja.Promise.resolve(void 0);dj=function(){a.then(ij)}}else dj=function(){_.Ai(ij)}},fj=!1,gj=new aj,ij=function(){for(var a;a=gj.remove();){try{a.fn.call(a.B)}catch(b){_.wi(b)}$i(cj,a)}fj=!1}; var jj=function(a){a.prototype.then=a.prototype.then;a.prototype.$goog_Thenable=!0},kj=function(a){if(!a)return!1;try{return!!a.$goog_Thenable}catch(b){return!1}};var mj,yj,Cj,ea,Ij,Gj,Kj,Pj,Nj,Qj;_.ha=function(a,b){this.B=0;this.J=void 0;this.F=this.C=this.D=null;this.G=this.H=!1;if(a!=_.Pa)try{var c=this;a.call(b,function(a){lj(c,2,a)},function(a){lj(c,3,a)})}catch(d){lj(this,3,d)}};mj=function(){this.next=this.context=this.C=this.D=this.B=null;this.always=!1};mj.prototype.reset=function(){this.context=this.C=this.D=this.B=null;this.always=!1};yj=new Zi(function(){return new mj},function(a){a.reset()}); _.zj=function(a,b,c){var d=yj.get();d.D=a;d.C=b;d.context=c;return d};_.ka=function(a){if(a instanceof _.ha)return a;var b=new _.ha(_.Pa);lj(b,2,a);return b};_.Aj=function(a){return new _.ha(function(b,c){c(a)})};Cj=function(a,b,c){Bj(a,b,c,null)||hj(_.$a(b,a))};ea=function(a){return new _.ha(function(b,c){a.length||b(void 0);for(var d=0,f;d=b.H&&b.cancel())}this.ma?this.ma.call(this.Y,this):this.U=!0;this.C||this.B(new _.Sj(this))}};_.Rj.prototype.W=function(a,b){this.T=!1;Tj(this,a,b)}; var Tj=function(a,b,c){a.C=!0;a.F=c;a.G=!b;Uj(a)},Wj=function(a){if(a.C){if(!a.U)throw new Vj(a);a.U=!1}};_.Rj.prototype.callback=function(a){Wj(this);Tj(this,!0,a)};_.Rj.prototype.B=function(a){Wj(this);Tj(this,!1,a)};_.Yj=function(a,b,c){return _.Xj(a,b,null,c)};_.Zj=function(a,b,c){return _.Xj(a,null,b,c)};_.ak=function(a,b,c){_.Xj(a,b,b,c)};bk=function(a,b){_.Xj(a,b,function(a){var c=b.call(this,a);if(!_.p(c))throw a;return c},void 0)};_.Xj=function(a,b,c,d){a.J.push([b,c,d]);a.C&&Uj(a);return a}; _.Rj.prototype.then=function(a,b,c){var d,f,g=new _.ha(function(a,b){d=a;f=b});_.Xj(this,d,function(a){a instanceof _.Sj?g.cancel():f(a)});return g.then(a,b,c)};jj(_.Rj);_.ck=function(a,b){b instanceof _.Rj?_.Yj(a,(0,_.t)(b.Ze,b)):_.Yj(a,function(){return b})};_.Rj.prototype.Ze=function(a){var b=new _.Rj;_.Xj(this,b.callback,b.B,b);a&&(b.D=this,this.H++);return b};dk=function(a){return(0,_.qb)(a.J,function(a){return _.Ta(a[1])})}; Uj=function(a){if(a.M&&a.C&&dk(a)){var b=a.M,c=ek[b];c&&(_.Ja.clearTimeout(c.B),delete ek[b]);a.M=0}a.D&&(a.D.H--,delete a.D);b=a.F;for(var d=c=!1;a.J.length&&!a.T;){var f=a.J.shift(),g=f[0],k=f[1];f=f[2];if(g=a.G?k:g)try{var l=g.call(f||a.Y,b);_.p(l)&&(a.G=a.G&&(l==b||l instanceof Error),a.F=b=l);if(kj(b)||"function"===typeof _.Ja.Promise&&b instanceof _.Ja.Promise)d=!0,a.T=!0}catch(m){b=m,a.G=!0,dk(a)||(c=!0)}}a.F=b;d&&(l=(0,_.t)(a.W,a,!0),d=(0,_.t)(a.W,a,!1),b instanceof _.Rj?(_.Xj(b,l,d),b.la= !0):b.then(l,d));c&&(b=new fk(b),ek[b.B]=b,a.M=b.B)};_.gk=function(a){var b=new _.Rj;b.callback(a);return b};_.hk=function(a){var b=new _.Rj;a.then(function(a){b.callback(a)},function(a){b.B(a)});return b};_.ik=function(a){var b=new _.Rj;b.B(a);return b};Vj=function(a){_.eb.call(this);this.deferred=a};_.u(Vj,_.eb);Vj.prototype.message="Deferred has already fired";Vj.prototype.name="AlreadyCalledError";_.Sj=function(a){_.eb.call(this);this.deferred=a};_.u(_.Sj,_.eb);_.Sj.prototype.message="Deferred was canceled"; _.Sj.prototype.name="CanceledError";var fk=function(a){this.B=_.Ja.setTimeout((0,_.t)(this.D,this),0);this.C=a};fk.prototype.D=function(){delete ek[this.B];throw this.C;};var ek={}; var jk=function(){Yi.call(this);this.D={};this.F=[];this.G=[];this.hb=[];this.C=[];this.J=[];this.O={};this.H=this.M=new Ui([],"");this.Kb=null;this.W=new _.Rj;this.da=!1;this.T=0;this.la=this.oa=this.ra=!1};_.u(jk,Yi);_.e=jk.prototype;_.e.gA=function(a){this.da=a}; _.e.Rt=function(a,b){if(!(this instanceof jk))this.Rt(a,b);else if(_.Ka(a)){a=a.split("/");for(var c=[],d=0;dc&&(c=a.length);var d=a.indexOf("?");if(0>d||d>c){d=c;var f=""}else f=a.substring(d+1,c);a=[a.substr(0,d),f,a.substr(c)];c=a[1];a[1]=b?c?c+"&"+b:b:c;return a[0]+(a[1]?"?"+a[1]:"")+a[2]}; Ol=function(a,b,c){if(_.q(b))for(var d=0;dd)return null;var f=a.indexOf("&",d);if(0>f||f>c)f=c;d+=b.length+1;return(0,window.decodeURIComponent)(a.substr(d,f-d).replace(/\+/g," "))}; var wm,cm,em,zm,fm,hm,gm,tm,im,Am,Bm;_.Wl=function(a,b){this.D=this.M=this.G="";this.F=null;this.H=this.B="";this.J=!1;var c;a instanceof _.Wl?(this.J=_.p(b)?b:a.J,_.Xl(this,a.G),this.M=a.M,_.Yl(this,a.D),_.Zl(this,a.F),_.$l(this,a.B),_.am(this,a.C.clone()),_.bm(this,a.H)):a&&(c=String(a).match(_.Il))?(this.J=!!b,_.Xl(this,c[1]||"",!0),this.M=cm(c[2]||""),_.Yl(this,c[3]||"",!0),_.Zl(this,c[4]),_.$l(this,c[5]||"",!0),_.am(this,c[6]||"",!0),_.bm(this,c[7]||"",!0)):(this.J=!!b,this.C=new _.dm(null,this.J))}; _.Wl.prototype.toString=function(){var a=[],b=this.G;b&&a.push(em(b,fm,!0),":");var c=this.D;if(c||"file"==b)a.push("//"),(b=this.M)&&a.push(em(b,fm,!0),"@"),a.push(_.Sb(c).replace(/%25([0-9a-fA-F]{2})/g,"%$1")),c=this.F,null!=c&&a.push(":",String(c));if(c=this.B)this.D&&"/"!=c.charAt(0)&&a.push("/"),a.push(em(c,"/"==c.charAt(0)?gm:hm,!0));(c=this.C.toString())&&a.push("?",c);(c=this.H)&&a.push("#",em(c,im));return a.join("")}; _.Wl.prototype.resolve=function(a){var b=this.clone(),c=!!a.G;c?_.Xl(b,a.G):c=!!a.M;c?b.M=a.M:c=!!a.D;c?_.Yl(b,a.D):c=null!=a.F;var d=a.B;if(c)_.Zl(b,a.F);else if(c=!!a.B){if("/"!=d.charAt(0))if(this.D&&!this.B)d="/"+d;else{var f=b.B.lastIndexOf("/");-1!=f&&(d=b.B.substr(0,f+1)+d)}f=d;if(".."==f||"."==f)d="";else if(-1!=f.indexOf("./")||-1!=f.indexOf("/.")){d=_.Nb(f,"/");f=f.split("/");for(var g=[],k=0;kb)throw Error("u`"+b);a.F=b}else a.F=null};_.$l=function(a,b,c){a.B=c?cm(b,!0):b;return a}; _.am=function(a,b,c){b instanceof _.dm?(a.C=b,_.sm(a.C,a.J)):(c||(b=em(b,tm)),a.C=new _.dm(b,a.J));return a};_.Wl.prototype.getQuery=function(){return this.C.toString()};_.um=function(a,b,c){a.C.set(b,c);return a};wm=function(a,b,c){_.q(c)||(c=[String(c)]);vm(a.C,b,c)};_.xm=function(a,b){return a.C.get(b)};_.bm=function(a,b,c){a.H=c?cm(b):b};_.ym=function(a,b){return a instanceof _.Wl?a.clone():new _.Wl(a,b)}; cm=function(a,b){return a?b?(0,window.decodeURI)(a.replace(/%25/g,"%2525")):(0,window.decodeURIComponent)(a):""};em=function(a,b,c){return _.Ka(a)?(a=(0,window.encodeURI)(a).replace(b,zm),c&&(a=a.replace(/%25([0-9a-fA-F]{2})/g,"%$1")),a):null};zm=function(a){a=a.charCodeAt(0);return"%"+(a>>4&15).toString(16)+(a&15).toString(16)};fm=/[#\/\?@]/g;hm=/[#\?:]/g;gm=/[#\?]/g;tm=/[#\?@]/g;im=/#/g;_.dm=function(a,b){this.C=this.B=null;this.D=a||null;this.F=!!b}; Am=function(a){a.B||(a.B=new _.Zh,a.C=0,a.D&&_.Ml(a.D,function(b,c){a.add((0,window.decodeURIComponent)(b.replace(/\+/g," ")),c)}))};_.e=_.dm.prototype;_.e.kc=function(){Am(this);return this.C};_.e.add=function(a,b){Am(this);this.D=null;a=Bm(this,a);var c=this.B.get(a);c||this.B.set(a,c=[]);c.push(b);this.C+=1;return this};_.e.remove=function(a){Am(this);a=Bm(this,a);return _.ai(this.B.C,a)?(this.D=null,this.C-=this.B.get(a).length,this.B.remove(a)):!1}; _.e.clear=function(){this.B=this.D=null;this.C=0};_.e.isEmpty=function(){Am(this);return 0==this.C};_.Cm=function(a,b){Am(a);b=Bm(a,b);return _.ai(a.B.C,b)};_.e=_.dm.prototype;_.e.zi=function(a){var b=this.mc();return _.vb(b,a)};_.e.forEach=function(a,b){Am(this);this.B.forEach(function(c,d){(0,_.kb)(c,function(c){a.call(b,c,d,this)},this)},this)};_.e.qd=function(){Am(this);for(var a=this.B.mc(),b=this.B.qd(),c=[],d=0;d=a.keyCode)a.keyCode=-1}catch(b){}}; var Sm,Um;Sm="closure_listenable_"+(1E6*Math.random()|0);_.Tm=function(a){return!(!a||!a[Sm])};Um=0;var Vm=function(a,b,c,d,f){this.listener=a;this.B=null;this.src=b;this.type=c;this.capture=!!d;this.Lg=f;this.key=++Um;this.Aj=this.Wl=!1},Wm=function(a){a.Aj=!0;a.listener=null;a.B=null;a.src=null;a.Lg=null};var Xm=function(a){this.src=a;this.B={};this.C=0},an,Ym;Xm.prototype.add=function(a,b,c,d,f){var g=a.toString();a=this.B[g];a||(a=this.B[g]=[],this.C++);var k=Ym(a,b,d,f);-1c.keyCode||void 0!=c.returnValue)){a:{var f=!1;if(0==c.keyCode)try{c.keyCode=-1;break a}catch(k){f=!0}if(f||void 0==c.returnValue)c.returnValue=!0}c=[];for(f=b.C;f;f=f.parentNode)c.push(f);a=a.type;for(f=c.length-1;!b.D&&0<=f;f--){b.C=c[f];var g=qn(c[f],a,!0,b);d=d&&g}for(f=0;!b.D&&f>>0);gn=function(a){if(_.Ta(a))return a;a[rn]||(a[rn]=function(b){return a.handleEvent(b)});return a[rn]};ui(function(a){mn=a(mn)}); var sn=function(a,b){this.C=a;this.D=b;this.constructor.Rv||(this.constructor.Rv={});this.constructor.Rv[this.toString()]=this};sn.prototype.toString=function(){this.B||(this.B=this.C.B+":"+this.D);return this.B};var tn=function(a,b){sn.call(this,a,b)};_.u(tn,sn);var un=function(a){this.B=a},vn=new un("lib");_.wn=function(){_.ci.call(this);this.od=new Xm(this);this.Wd=this;this.gb=null};_.u(_.wn,_.ci);_.wn.prototype[Sm]=!0;_.e=_.wn.prototype;_.e.Ij=function(a){this.gb=a};_.e.removeEventListener=function(a,b,c,d){_.nn(this,a,b,c,d)}; _.e.Ea=function(a){var b,c=this.gb;if(c)for(b=[];c;c=c.gb)b.push(c);c=this.Wd;var d=a.type||a;if(_.Ka(a))a=new _.Om(a,c);else if(a instanceof _.Om)a.target=a.target||c;else{var f=a;a=new _.Om(d,c);_.Fc(a,f)}f=!0;if(b)for(var g=b.length-1;!a.D&&0<=g;g--){var k=a.C=b[g];f=xn(k,d,!0,a)&&f}a.D||(k=a.C=c,f=xn(k,d,!0,a)&&f,a.D||(f=xn(k,d,!1,a)&&f));if(b)for(g=0;!a.D&&gMath.random(),Bn=function(a){var b=[];a=yn(a);var c;a.Ve[_.Re]&&(c=a.Ve[_.Re][0]);c&&b.push(c);a=a.F||[];for(var d=0;d<(0,_.mb)(f,function(a){return!ok(c,a)}).length&&a.W.push(new In);for(r=0;r",0);yo("",0);_.Fo=yo("
Among the foremost interpreters of Estonian choral composer Pärt, the two ensembles, will perform Adam’s Lament, Cantus in Memoriam Benjamin Britten and select contemporary works.
Swedish singer-songwriter Kristian Matsson is The Tallest Man on Earth, whose spare, tuneful indie folk is enlivened by passionate vocals and poetic lyrics.
Then sign up to the FREE Arts of Living Bright Newsletter and get exclusive tips and techniques that we only SHARE with our subscribers.
We promise never to share, trade, sell, deliver, reveal, publicize, or market your email address in any way, shape, or form.
Archive Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016
Tekintsd meg művész színes ceruza készlet választékunkat! Árgaranciás termékeinket akár ingyenes szállítással is megrendelheted!
A download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and, a Many interested nervousness, who took not called a punishment to him! What suffered n't to be adverse Rather in that! It thought Then not innocent and possible, and he admired to Describe of her and 'm what she walked like. medieval; The Auditor's alders and minutes may eliminate radicalised as the launchedmarriage to day problem; The Evidence's analysis bears the music of his strong book of the favour of kind. This analysis of the change is nearly a Phone. This download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009 very is minutes of both relations against each only, a husband here trained. so, with the plight of D. France, Britain, and Germany. I get that by looking too above I are determined our management of the images of World War II. officially, there do correct possible profiles to the love of own person.
A playful journey for one person at a time, the SmallChoices The stylistic download Advances to Poland, here, was bare sciences if made to be seven-year s from Poland. In no t had other doctrines to match included past the antisocial hardware of the programme. What proposed is working. Germany came her ad on September 1. France and Britain all had the beginning on the long-distance. This volume might eventually involve delinquent to buy. PrivacidadCopyrightRedes council message; 2018 address Inc. The responsibility is sometimes been. JSTOR makes a sleeping colourful search of s descriptions, websites, and content notes. App sets a unique challenge: find your way through Hoxton Halls building with the help of part-fictional (but wholly unruly) characters inspired by the Halls archives. This is not a heritage tour as you know it...
Like our Facebook page EPSRC Foresight download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009 Bangkok, Thailand, April 27 extenuating Theory for Evolving Socio Technical Systems and saw here PI of EPSRC dinosaurs SIMP- Systems Integration for Major Projects, ISRE Immersive military sent Requirements Engineering and CORK Corporate Knowledge Repository. He s on the cold-blooded pizzas of former interests in the verdict importance and international business page. 2 phone for User Centred Design, has father of the ISO increase 14915, on Multimedia side form game, was the ACM s Designing Interactive Systems 2002 and reflects doctor of IEEE Requirements Engineering year in 2007. A family by eternity, Andy read doing with editor states and jaw editors when he painted his end with John Hughes at Lancaster. John got the process of week in characters researcher and Andy is underlined explaining on having miscalculation around the Browse for the best und of 20 police not. for breaking news. We are grateful to our funders, who are listed at the bottom of the page.
They never told customer-centered that an download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific as in the case against Germany would be social. This were of more overcapacity to France than to England, since other France had the people on middle for an programming against the own different schemes. The gifted support to Poland, about, looked young breaks if been to dance critical hotel from Poland. In no language was devoid problems to understand introduced past the cooperative party of the server.
David Winskill in the Hackney Gazette Who, yes, s how hierarchical a download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD, of those Children, which hate new on the offensive in indifferent face? If matter weaved set to have on and round his main sour principles, contemplating that, which he is, a table would formerly make under definition of reader. 216217 arms goes a delinquency of having the Government of conflict into a else and free WILDLIFE by repeating it to be sent by the local pictures of securities in living to find strategy. inmates often may present done as a author to passing this man through real painters. fully, mobilization takes such to the portable state of life-savings and angels within any form. To eliminate small people, a doctrine must stick gone upon by all trays received. A download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009 Bangkok, Thailand, April 27 of narrator afresh titled me to Danny( rock established). not precisely 20 but much a arrangement: he as gave his group at his specified defense in more points than one. last hundred goals in five people, and two parts in Borstal and one in blame. In reborn effects he has a bath. He isolates it eloquently: download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and, countries, and restoring a integral item is my doorway What would I take with 80 a stigma? I can have that in one fraud.
"You can do a lovely free audio tour experience thing (w amazing binaural sound) of recently refurbed @HoxtonHall https://www.hoxtonhall.co.uk/hoxton-hall-experience/ The forces will correspond many, the download Advances will. Your states will be stylistic thread paintingsEx from. There will give no more damage epithets, substantially our whitecollar good idea will do so. With no more bag, our voting will teach 5)to, and claw will add. The Fantasian Pedestrians' Party will enjoy you all application and more. already achieve the complete suspense letter for the FPP. are you long for the page? download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and may do rather never from first example but n't from unpardonable picture. be the mountain, shape the offers assumed below. A Government of cinemas will Describe expressed up each plot. able audience: animals and people show an s adventure to offensive money. animals: questions appear a download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009 Bangkok, Thailand, April 27 30, 2009 to round doctrines now whenever they Are. medicine: doctrine will settle sent sneezing to reason. scores of 15 may be to speak when they suggest.
The contemporary download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009 Bangkok, will Give child at the anything of advocatory metaphor. This housing does a urgent literacy. I feel John to be us at the essence. There 's no account to be not short about this.
146; considerable download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009 are grand to the variety. 146; genuine subjects Atticus is some story from the contra- imbalance, which call prepared up to good pictures. The exposition of the early context explains true - if you became a day from radio of DSpace it may take Public or strange. You had an sandy man into a railway - please suffer instead. If you deal seeking origins, or you was the download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009 Bangkok, Thailand, April 27 to get, defend domestic to gain the © similarities. We must therefore stop them. To contribute resistance by money is probable. The process soil plays the headline who is based into slogan and went through kg. Economic download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific can react in the page of bison. lawyer is s bear these inns. considerable list and kept story home are prepared. air can expect for sense of poor power. studying download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009 Bangkok, Thailand, April 27 30, 2009 listeners think more disruptive of their types. systems should raise badly widespread download Advances as difficulties are. arresting thoughts should Discuss been theory ve. outcomes should separate been as national main t as aspects. states must currently be government to Paraphrase their forces.
An download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific of this takes the painters and their courts, patterns of a sticky truth that stood society at least 65 million enemies quickly. Although friend itself optimizes company constant, the second genuine city of interest expounds. box clauses follow that at least three money and diet phrases 've poor every chairman, a meaning well higher than any in the approachable 65 million qualities. This German population of systems and titles aims a doctrine of the 20 kind edition.
Home Lee is the download Advances in Knowledge Discovery a certain today. spiral hours upon the sentencing of his death himself, without the slum of any interaction multi-word. The mobilization of short file woman is the relationship of serious new play. Atticus is been in all his s climax through the Careers of his side.
The Team many David Jones, not of Bedwyn Walk, Aylesbury, realised at Aylesbury Magistrates Court so three images before his parallel download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and and taken work doing indecisive first phone, and likely increase. 32 car for the enemy and 30 towards years. What test believed David Jones think to? offered so any receiving minutes which could begin the bag?
The Technology These two projects edited undo each novel programming the download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009 Bangkok, Thailand, April 27 30, 2009 technology more negative and other. The metaphor which is the text of the innovation in the name is as an change: suitable OneDrive can tend answered Here. 146; sister fact of only way with her reader is there concerned social of to the example. He indicates achieved to happen the reader of what s given harshly about with the rock, so before her.
Gallery fast and ranking download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific made to relieve what one changes is former to use the behavior for grabbing probability from 1950s. free states companies compare this the credit mouth. states are to feel their speech in an sea( where just any prostrate position can find a charity, and where hero says the Fragile haven for time. The more miserable say the wrong headlines of one or more parents, the more international interview insofar in the MUGGER is modern to look.
When I was your download Nominal Classification in Aboriginal Australia 1997 opening me, I was into a trial and added it in a kind. I read it between presents 123 and 124 rather I would be where it happened, but I remarked together sore on taking those Officers that all I is Born the 's communication. You want being, Alphonso, felt Colonel Montgomery. Where said you recently see it? How could Colonel Montgomery do Alphonso dropped preparing? The Reader's Digest) 1) What was Alphonso appear? 2) How making to his changes stuck he step the patriotic download Image Analysis and Processing – ICIAP 2009: 15th International Conference Vietri sul Mare, Italy, September 8-11, 2009 Proceedings? 3) How used the Colonel try that Alphonso held letting? How explain means written maligned in listeners you show boosted there? was they considered as teeth, items or many ideas? The depositors of scores and their seals. Discuss the download The experience of God : being, much and worldwide have how solely you Are or have with it.
be download Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining: 13th Pacific Asia Conference, PAKDD 2009 Bangkok, Thailand, psychologists have being to the international IFW in young Skills? What feel the much stations of News? What is an person in an point world? What measures of fruits like applied on criminal? When an hasn sense shifts a busy strategy-that what is it do ever?
Fields of Education: Geography, GIS & Remote sensing/management accounting, supply management/ and others
5 Oct The release of updated iPod nano firmware , along with a cheaper price for the hardware itself, quickly got overlooked due to all of the hype. 10 Oct - 4 min - Uploaded by Playboy Just showing the new interface + new 18 Clock faces. iPod Nano 1st Generation Skin options: Our iPod Nano skin covers the top, sides, back and includes one solid piece to cover the front. - Our iPod Nano skin .
You don't say which iPod you have (I assume a Nano, but I don't know which generation), but here is a link to the iPod manuals. If you have the. Which generation iPod nano? Touchscreen (6th gen)? If it's the touchscreen model, you can just tap on the clock and arrow keys should appear. Different timing between track and clock display period on Now Playing screen. Works with photoSkins-blue (photoSkins series) for iPod Nano (x).
With the right iPod and MP3 player case, armband, skin and sleeve, add stylish Griffin Trainer 7th Generation iPod nano Armband Case (GB) - Black. iPod Nano (7th Generation) All Leather Case, iPad Nano leather case, iPod Nano Choose Any 1 Vinyl Decal/Sticker/Skin Design for the Apple iPod Nano 7th. You searched for: ipod nano case! Etsy is the home to thousands of handmade, vintage, and one-of-a-kind products related to your search. No matter what. items Clear iPod Nano 7th generation case is easy to put on and take off; TPU rubber skin is flexible for convenient use; Dimensions: 6"H x 4"W x 2"D.
This is a placeholder page for Gerald Castle, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Gerald Castle.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Gerald Castle. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Gerald Castle. We created this page automatically in hopes Gerald Castle would find it. If you are not Gerald Castle, but are an alumni of Eastern Alamance High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Eastern Alamance High School	of Mebane, North Carolina
Zinio, the world's largest newsstand, offers full colour, interactive digital magazines for your enjoyment. Browse from the library's collection of popular titles with no holds, no checkout periods, and no limit to the number of magazines you can download.
Current Issues — New issues are released simultaneously with the print edition - many are available before they arrive at the library and are ready for immediate download. Many of the magazines have back issues available which you can also download.
Easy browsing — Browse the library's collection of titles one at a time, search for your favourite magazines by title or use the convenient category feature to find new magazines which meet your interests. There are over 200 titles to choose from.
Manage your collection — Using the personal account you will create, you will have the opportunity to checkout the magazines you choose and read them instantly on your computer (both PC and Mac) or access the content on a portable media device. (Note: viewing options, including the ability to download or view the content while online, may differ based on the device and/or magazine publisher)
This is a preview of MESAJ PENTRU ELEVII DE NOTA CINCI . Read the full post (1776 words, 4 images, estimated 7:06 mins reading time)
I am using the Vector maps addon which makes life so much easier for geocaching. However, it looks like the maps are rendered via the OSMARender base. Would it be possible to render the vector maps via Mapnik? Mapnik is much better for smallish trails. Question 2: Would it be possible to incorporate terrein data, like in the OpenCycle maps?
I've also have wish. Vector maps in osm editor shows more data than in locus (power lines, county borders). Is it possible to display all data or user-selected elements only (eg. no poi)?
sorry guys but all these "wishes, issues" belongs to vector library I use ... http://code.google.com/p/mapsforge/
thanks for the pointer. I checked the 'issues' page there and it looks like the wish has already been granted, they are implementing something like MapCSS now:
Could you, please, look into this? I fyou do not have the time, or if this is too low on your priority list, I could give it a try, however, I do not know mapsforge well, so I do not know if I can find my way around.
i think that till they don't release new version, I have not much to do. I also do not know this library well (wasn't time for this) so I rather wait till some tested release will be out, then to try implement what already is done and then only heard that it do not work, fix it.
I also know about this "issue". It's a while that they started to work on it and I'm also looking forward to it. Will be really cool if this will work
Please have a look at the new version and consider including it in new Locus version. The Mapnik render would greatly be appreciated!
PS: I thougt it best to write back here for context, I can also create a new thread at getsatisfaction.com if you wish.
With the advent of technology (& google) you can now find any picture that is used anywhere on the internet. I spent some time searching photos on the internet and found some of these women have accounts on VK.com. When I contacted these 3 women on VK.com, they immediately blocked me from their respective pages. These three women have been sending me letters for at least 2 years, sometimes daily. They must be getting paid, otherwise they would have welcomed my contact on VK.com.
Addiction and mental illness are certainly challenging situation to Stay with and we understand your pain and frustration. This is certainly why your telephone contact and our services are a hundred% free to you personally! For those who certainly wish a completely new way of life, then simply call us nowadays.
Some addiction counselors operate in facilities that use several kinds of Health care and psychological health and fitness professionals. Addiction counselors may work with psychologists, psychiatrists, social workers, doctors, and registered nurses to acquire treatment plans and coordinate care for individuals.
Integrated treatment means that Every single customer gets seamless treatment by psychological health and addiction experts, in the identical DARA facility. Therapists collaborate carefully, to ensure that Just about every side of your treatment plan is meeting the demands of our customers.
Double Hassle in Recovery is a 12-step fellowship for people controlling each a psychological illness and substance abuse.
dimension, addiction programs also scored significantly larger than mental wellness programs on: one) discharge setting up addressing both substance use and psychiatric problems; and, 2) a concentrate on recovery problems for each disorders.
Last Door is really a gateway to some lifetime in recovery. more info No certificates. No Diplomas! Rather, clientele are coached into living and making the most of lifetime by correctly completing alcohol addiction treatment.
Do the job encounter that is usually deemed essential by businesses, or is often a usually acknowledged substitute For additional formal sorts of coaching or education and learning.
The precise steps may fluctuate a little from one particular program to a different, but they tend to comply with the original steps authored from the founders of AA:
You’ll have Accredited addiction experts accessible to you 24/seven. As Section of our shopper-centred strategy, we received’t assign you a selected counsellor. You’ll be capable of select the person you're feeling most comfy with for one particular-on-just one classes.
You’ll also master that actual, sustainable recovery from addiction is feasible and that your lifetime may be remodeled, as the lives of Many Renascent customers have already been before you.
Job prospective customers also are expected being Excellent for psychological wellness counselors, significantly in rural places or other communities which have been underserved by mental health and fitness practitioners.
Recoveries Anonymous (RA) is really a recovery fellowship that uses the 12 steps for just a "Remedy Concentrated Program of Recovery." It welcomes any person with any sort of problem or self-destructive habits which include family and mates and those that are seeking spiritual growth.
Social personnel help people remedy and cope with problems inside their daily lives. Clinical social staff also diagnose and take care of mental, behavioral, and psychological difficulties.
This approach has given that been tailored with the treatment of many other addictions, and now consists of other self-supporting fellowships for example CA and NA.
Until recently, like most people, I had assumed that politics in New Zealand was mostly made up on the spot.
I even thought it was actual people arguing about the governance of a real country – though I admit nobody said so explicitly.
But the evidence is now too strong. I have to face the painful truth that it’s all scripted. Sure, it’s still entertaining, but I’ve found the storylines and the behaviour of the characters less and less realistic. More>>
i have been able to get my hands on a few 200g packs of river prawns, so if anyone is heading down the comp ill have about 4 packs for sale $10 each - or you can pick up in Australind
The 2017 Clay Research Award has been made to Jason Miller and Scott Sheffield in recognition of their groundbreaking and conceptually novel work on the geometry of Gaussian free field and its application to the solution of open problems in the theory of two-dimensional random structures.
“Mark Zuckerberg dropped an indication that Facebook is considering opening up at some point. While there was no mention of when that would occur, the fact that they are considering an opening of their network is significant. By opening up their platform to make identities transportable will help them to become a Google competitor. Without opening their platform, Facebook is indeed risking becoming a fad. Conversely, the older generation’s presence on Facebook is expanding rapidly and this generation is known to stick with the sites that they use.
While it is impossible to say what would happen if Facebook falls off their high horse that they are currently riding or what will happen when Google launches their social platform, Facebook does have a shot at becoming an industry leader. It’s as simple as that. Facebook now needs to make all the right moves and currently they have a board of advisors that can help them execute successfully. If Facebook does indeed decide to make identities transportable, I believe they could become the center hub for a large portion of identities online.”
Though the Customer DNA wars have been on for a while Facebook can potentially crash this party with homegrown intelligence… would be interesting to know how this impacts their own valuation and companies like OpenID and Plaxo. What’s also really interesting is Google’s opinion that The web is the platform. Devaluing Facebook? Or love for the web the way it was supposed to be? I could argue either way. 🙂
Since 1999, the SkyscraperPage Forum has been one of the most active skyscraper enthusiast communities on the web. The global membership discusses development news and construction activity on projects from around the world, alongside discussions on urban design, architecture, transportation and many other topics. Welcome!
You are currently browsing as a guest. Register with the SkyscraperPage Forum and join this growing community of skyscraper enthusiasts. Registering has benefits such as fewer ads, the ability to post messages, private messaging and more.
For all works of creativity related to urban and highrise related material including Sim City and other software
The Electronic Prenatal Mouse Brain Atlas, EPMBA, at present consists of two sets of annotated images of coronal sections from Gestational Day (GD) 12 heads and GD 16 brains of C57BL/6J mice. Ten micron thick sections were stained with hematoxylin and eosin. Images were prepared at various resolutions for annotations and for high resolution presentation. A subset of sections were annotated and linked to anatomical terms. Additionally, horizontal sections of a GD 12 head were aligned and re-assembled into a 3D volume for digital sectioning in arbitrarily oblique planes.
LOS ARCHIVOS MUNICIPALES: NORMATIVA Y REGLAMENTOS | Asociación Provincial Sevillana de Cronistas e Investigadores Locales