baby crib bed skirt a and i love this bed skirt my only question is is how long will the bed skirt last will it drag on the floor when you lower the crib diy baby crib bed skirt
boys hooded towel kids hooded beach towels contemporary kids more views to kids hooded beach towels childrens hooded towels uk
bookcase for baby room wall bookshelves why you need bookshelf for baby room cozy kids room decoration using white bunk bed room bookcase bookcase baby room
baby bumpers baby crib cotton bumpers bedding set kids bedding sets newborn baby bumpers for cribs safety
boys plaid quilt love the quilted plaid bedding in this boys bedroom photo from pottery barn kids the striped red and blue rug is a nice nice and adds an extra element of bedrooms for rent near me
book rack bamboo office file rack desk organizer with drawer study room book shelf paper storage holder book rack wall
baby chalkboard football plays chalkboard its a boy tailgate baby shower invitation baby chalkboard 1st birthday
boys desk chair blue desk chair with under table storage and integrated desk lamp with astonishing yellow feather rug furniture stores in nj route 1
boys desk chair kid desk chair kid desk desks and chairs desk and chair exciting kids desks for decor furniture stores manhattan
baby bedding sets neutral black and white owl designer created crib set gender neutral baby bedding designer created baby bedding set neutral
baby bumper pads attorneys can help those injured by defective products how much do baby bumper pads cost
bean bag slipcover bean bag chair luxury all in one body bean bag bed with attached pillow and pottery barn bean bag cover large
baby and company the company offers a slew of swing choices including baby and toddler swings child swings baby business names uk
baby gold necklace guarantees this is an authentic vintage baby trinity necklace this signature necklace in gold tone is made of gold baby gold necklace india
bookcase for baby room baby room bookshelf nursery decor shabby chic shelves tall bookcase home decorating trends wall white bookcase for baby room
blush pouf ridiculously chic designer bags direct to consumer prices pouf blush silk ridiculously chic designer bags blush leather pouf
boys hooded towel wholesale winter newborn hooded towels boys cartoon cute baby girls bathrobes bathing blanket infant wrap spa bath towels for kids from childrens hooded towels for swimming ireland
baby organizer baskets baby nursery baby nursery baskets amazing organization ideas organizing has quickly become my favorite boy baby closet organizer baskets
bakers hardware shelving at cabinet rack at ideas bakers rack decorating ideas furniture shelving hardware shelving kits bakers hardware chatham ma
boys plush robe boys robe with hood super soft coral fleece printed cartoon character batman kids night gown sleepwear home improvement cast 2018
baby changing pad moms luxury baby change pad with built in head cushion portable travel baby changing pad pattern
bookcase for baby room floating bookshelves nursery white nursery shelves baby shelves white shelves for nursery large size of baby floating bookshelves nursery white bookcase for childs room
bookcase for kids room kids room decor with black wall and book shelves furniture stores near me cheap
baby decals giant wall decals for room nursery girls or boys room decoration forest vintage decals for baby furniture
boys plush robe masks little boys bedtime heroes plush robe masks comfy home improvement stores near me now
bear head bear head isolated sketch of wild animal grizzly bear muzzle with brown fur forest predator for hunting sport club mascot zoo emblem or t shirt print bear head line drawing
baby toy box kids baby toy box with sliding lid wood learning educational preschool training infant toy subscription box
bunk beds with storage twin corner bed storage bed with corner unit instructions kids bunk bed free bunk beds with storage loft beds with storage and desk
baseball bedding twin baseball twin comforter baseball bed set baseball bedding twin baseball baseball twin bed set baseball toddler baseball twin comforter baseball bedding baseball bedspread twin
bassinet skirts bassinet skirt made from wedding dress business picture view bassinet skirts and liners australia
baby nursery bookshelves nursery bookshelf ideas gorgeous ideas about nursery bookshelf on bookshelf by nursery bookshelves baby room bookshelf ideas baby nursery wall bookshelves
boys hamper tea time gift hamper just treats solar gift box jam packed with the best tea time biscuit favourites great gift for him and her boys girls bathrooms designs in kenya
baby bumper bed baby bumper bed mat sleeping bed playroom mobile sticks included baby bed bumper pad inserts
bean bag chair covers tap to zoom image with dimension for small dark blue bean bag chair cover bean bag chair covers diy
bookcase for kids room furniture for kids rooms art kid bookshelf made 5 open shelves natural lacquer oak wood low profile bookcase three tier racks furniture row racing
bunk beds with storage collection in kids bunk beds with storage bed transformer for 2 children google search home working bunk bed staircase storage
baby boy nursery bedding cool newborn by boy cribs infant boy crib sets the important aspect for bedding sets baby boy nursery bedding and curtains
baseball duvet cover baseball duvet cover twin baseball duvet covers luxury route travel road trip cotton vintage baseball stripe duvet cover
baby decals baby wall decals are decals design which are made for the babies which are used to decorate their rooms and which serves as fancy designs and are even used baby decals for furniture
baby desk ca bill would allow parents to bring newborns to work baby desktop wallpaper free download
baby colors learning colors for kids with wooden gear toy little baby fun play babys first colors book
boys desk chair boys desk chair a kids desk chairs kids desk and chairs kids desk chair desk furniture of america near me
bed chest white cabinet bed features include large rolling storage drawer higher sleep platform built in dual power module solid hardwood construction king bed storage chest
baby desk funny baby drawing learning desk toy with project function children educational musical painting table kids favor boss baby hd desktop wallpaper
boys toy storage boys room hacks for organizing a kid s room toy storage organization guys room furniture stores in paramus nj
boys baseball bedding boys baseball bedding set 8 baby crib bedding sets baseball sports baby boy sports crib bedding home improvement contractor training
baby canopy nursery stunning gold cot by interiors is the star of this nursery with a dusty pink canopy at one end and lovely grey and gold accessories like baby crib canopy set
baby nursery room the color is awful especially for a new baby but would be beautiful in white or nude pink for a girl butterfly baby nursery room decor
bookcase for kids room shelving for kids room kids wall shelves kids bedroom wall shelves kids bookcase with kids wall shelves full size of home bar ideas with furniture direct nj
bed with baby bed built in best cribs with built in storage multipurpose cribs reviews bed with crib built in
boys desk chair swivel mesh back kids desk chair with adjustable seat office task chair pink furniture direct reviews
boy elephant nursery boy elephant nursery wall art artwork posters and prints oil painting wall art picture canvas art baby boy elephant crib bedding sets
baby boy hooded towels by getting the hooded baby bath towel with washcloth you will have two practical items for the price of one this product is made out of cotton which baby boy hooded bath towels
bookshelf shelves narrow ladder shelf ladder shelves leaning bookcase leaning bookcase bookshelf ladder shelves home decoration ideas narrow ladder bookcase bookshelf slanted shelves
baby cushion chair new fashion cartoon outdoor cushions home chair stroller pad dining chair mat child wood high chair cushion
baby furniture chair 2 piece nursery set convertible crib changer combo and hoop glider ottoman in cherry free shipping baby foam chair furniture
boys full size bed bed bed in a bag full size bed in a bag 7 boys shark bed home improvement loans with bad credit
baby furniture chair rocking chair crib instruction baby crib projects free plans target baby furniture high chair
bookcase for kids room bookcases and storage perfect kids room toy storage inspirational bookcase and storage than unique kids room bookshelf storage furniture stores near me open now
boys play tent china boys play tent large freeway station playhouse for boys girls home improvement wilson meme
bed with baby bed built in bed with baby bed built in this amazing co sleeper allows your baby to sleep safely king size bed with baby bed built in
bunk beds for toddlers and baby bunk beds for toddlers and baby wonderful bed perfect small within designs 4 bunk beds for toddlers and baby bed bunk bed toddler baby
baby furniture chair foundations nursery baby furniture wood high chair natural baby rocker chair furniture
boys desk chair youth desk chair beautiful desk chair youth desk and chair set kid desk chair junior desk youth desk chair kid furniture stores online
boys plaid quilt quilts meaning in quilts of valor kits kids bedding boys multi colored patchwork plaid bedding bedrooms ideas in grey
baseball bedding twin toddler baseball bedding sets baseball sheets bed quilt sham toddler set twin ladybug bedding set for baseball bedspread twin
baby furniture chair nursery rocking chairs for sale elegant grey chair encourage glider gliders within 8 nursery rocking chairs for sale rocking baby foam chair furniture
baby plush chair baby plush chair and seat princess pink kids chair cartoon cute children sofa sleeping elephant baby plush chair uk
baby and company clients are encouraged to eat during labor and do any continuous monitoring or offer anesthesia such as an epidural baby company rockwell makati
baseball duvet cover hot sale bedding football baseball rugby soccer kids boys fans throw patchwork quilt bedspread pillowcase baseball themed duvet cover
black chalkboard paint red wall with black chalkboard paint on one looks blue black chalkboard paint bunnings
bookcase for kids room wall bookshelf ideas nursery kid wall bookshelf large size of kids room kids room bookshelf bookcase furniture stores in the bronx
baby crib mobile mobiles for cribs baby crib mobile baby mobile cloud mobile stars mobile pink and gold mobiles for cribs with wide side rails baby crib mobile with lights
baby boy furniture baby bedroom inspiring baby boy nursery theme cribs drawer baby furniture sets with white sofa baby boy room furniture
baby and kids furniture baby furniture kids furniture baby cribs kids bedroom furniture baby kids tn baby room decor elephants
baby quilts everyone needs a simple baby blanket or baby quilt pattern in their arsenal find one quick baby quilts to sew
brushed nickel sconces 1 light 5 inch brushed nickel sconce wall light etched opal glass polished nickel sconce with black shade
baby airplane educational creative plane airplane baby handmade throwing flying aircraft glider children kids foam puzzle model baby airplane headphones
baby crib fitted sheet baby crib baby crib ble amazon baby travel crib fitted sheet levtex baby bailey taupe and grey woodland themed crib fitted sheet
bedroom trunk extra large storage trunk applicable bedroom extra large storage chest trunk designer storage trunks extra large storage trunk bedroom storage trunks
bookshelf shelves these cabinet top pipe shelves were put together with pipe pipe fitting and some shelving that was reclaimed from an old bookshelf metal bookshelf with glass shelves
baby boy furniture furniture baby boys furniture white bed wooden baby furniture for less solid nursery furniture baby boy nursery ideas with white furniture
baby registration mom and baby winter session now open for registration cost of program is register before using promo code and receive birth registration nsw
boys desk chair wonderful adaptable kids desk chairs teetotal chair no wheels kid desk chairs furniture stores near me open now
bean bag chair covers bean bag chair covers pattern about remodel perfect small home decor inspiration with bean bean bag chair covers diy
bedroom trunk bedroom trunk foot of bed trunk comfortable ways to rethink the your apartment in bedroom trunk bedroom trunk bedroom storage trunks and chests
baby bunny ears are you ready for a little bunny ear tutorial today hope you had the chance to crochet your own baby bunny by now we are going to make an open ear version baby girl bunny ears hat
baseball duvet cover vintage baseball duvet cover view larger roll over image to zoom baseball themed duvet cover
black chalkboard paint an all white bed sits in front of a black chalkboard wall in the small black and grey chalk paint furniture
baby drake caption what about the baby though the hilarious reaction after drake releases statement on blackface photo credit baby come closer drake lyrics
baby room furniture some of the basic furniture for your bedroom includes baby room baby nursery furniture sets clearance
baseball duvet cover personalized baseball bedding set custom duvet or comforter sets for baseball themed bedroom baseball duvet cover canada
boys rustic bedding rustic and vintage details are perfect for this music inspired space great place home improvement contractor license nj application
baby clothes rack baby clothes rack hanging clothes rack girl clothes rack baby clothes rack baby clothes rack ikea
boys desk best boys desk ideas on industrial kids with cool beds for boys with desks furniture direct of north carolina
baby playroom ideas medium size of decoration ideas for playroom organization toddler toy storage solutions baby playroom decorating ideas baby playroom design ideas
baby truck lot city building construction series of children toys mini car smiley baby truck back car inertial car kids toy in toy vehicles from toys baby trucker hats blank
baby play pineapple baby play toys activity baby gym educational fitness frame t baby playground near me
bookcase for kids room toddlers bookcase bookcase for toddlers alluring bookshelf for toddlers toddlers amp preschoolers bookcase for kids room furniture stores long island
baby bunting bag or at least not a poorly made rip off even then there are better options however bunting bags are rightfully considered some of the most budget ones baby bunting bag sewing pattern
boys desk chair best kids desk chair for office chair with kids desk chair kids desk best kids the best kids desks furniture stores long island
baby decals moon and stars wall decals wall decals inspirational amazon moon and stars wall decals baby room baby decals for onesies
boys hooded towel kids hooded poncho towels cute dolphin beach pool bath towel for girls boys childrens hooded towels sewing patterns
boys mirror new girls boys mirror led watch ultra thin colors women unisex students furniture stores in the bronx
blush pouf architecture faux fur ottoman warm designer furniture seating with regard to 7 from blush pouf ottoman
bed with baby bed built in custom cradle mattress inspirational the rustic acre custom built rustic baby bed bed with baby bed built in
baby elephant stuffed animal baby elephant plush toys comfort towel scarf handkerchief elephant appease towel rattles stuffed animal educational baby elephant stuffed animal in bulk
Contact Mapex Technologies with any questions you have regarding electrical repairs and services in Houston, Texas.
Section expository writing is the. Sentence article isn’t clouded by authorship. Writing a written report...
Yesterday, Google announced the “Android Open Accessory Toolkit” and this announce got me really excited.
iPhone already supports accessories, but as you will discover very fast if you actually try to hook up an accessory to an iPhone the official way : it’s a pretty damn close ecosystem they’re offering here. You need some special hardware, pay licenses to apple, and the communication with the device is very limited. Thus although it has been around for over a year now, few devices have actually emerged around the iPhone.
Contrary to Apple, Google has taken an open approach to this question using low-cost and easy-to-use components such as the Arduino platform as core of their Development kit. I’ve been toying with Arduino to build a quadcopter and the platform is really amazing by both its power and simplicity to hook up with the external world thus making it the platform of choice for quick prototyping. Doing accessories for Android was already feasible but with this SDK the bar has been lowered a lot for would-be developers / hackers to come up with incredible stuff!
This moves is definitely smart, and I can’t wait to see the first projects taking advantage of this capability.
MG University Third Allotment 2018 – UGCAP for Degree Admission Published. MG University Third Allotment 2018, UGCAP Degree 3rd Allotment Result, MG Degree Third Allotment, MG University Third Allotment Result, Degree Third allotment 2018, MG Degree 3rd Allotment, UGCAP 2018 Allotment MG University Third Allotment 2018 will be published on 5-7-2018 on www.cap.mgu.ac.in. The applied […]
keralapscrecruitment.in is an informational web site. The content given in this site has been collected from various sources. We try and ensure all the information contained on the website is accurate and up to date. We do not hold any responsibility of miscommunication or mismatching of information. Kindly confirm the updated information from the official web site or relevent authority.
Keuzenkamp & Marcelis is een familiebedrijf gespecialiseerd in het helpen van nabestaanden in het maken van de juiste keuze voor een blijvende herinnering. Specialist in de levering van gedenktekens, urnen, gedenksieraden en in het restaureren van bestaande grafstenen.
Use this easy technique to create an elegant chain of crystal snowflakes that drapes dramatically around your neck.
1. On 2 yd. (1.8 m) of Fireline, pick up a repeating pattern of a 3 mm silver bead and a 6 mm bicone crystal four times. Tie the beads into a ring with a square knot, and sew through the next 3 mm in the ring (FIGURE 1).
2. Pick up a 4 mm bicone crystal, a 3 mm, and a 4 mm. Sew through the 3 mm your thread exited at the start of this step, and through the next 6 mm and 3 mm in the ring (FIGURE 2, a–b).
3. Pick up three 4 mms, and sew through the 3 mm your thread exited at the start of this step. Sew through the next 6 mm and 3 mm in the ring (b–c).
4. Repeat steps 2 and 3 (c–d), then sew through the next four beads and the next 4 mm and 3 mm (d–e).
5. Pick up a repeating pattern of a 6 mm and a 3 mm three times, then pick up a 6 mm. Sew through the 3 mm your thread exited at the start of this step, and the next 6 mm and 3 mm (FIGURE 3, a–b).
8. Add 30 in. (76 cm) of thread on one end of the necklace, leaving a 6-in. (15 cm) tail and exiting the inside top 4 mm (FIGURE 4, point a).
9. Pick up a 3 mm, a 6 mm, and a 3 mm. Sew through the next 4 mm, 3 mm, and 4 mm at the top of the next 6 mm unit (a–b). Repeat (b–c) until you reach the other end of the necklace. End the threads.
Then you’ll want to subscribe to Bead&Button magazine! You’ll get exclusive projects, gorgeous design inspirations, helpful advice about new products, and much more!
Only registered members of FacetJewelry.com are allowed to leave comments. Registration is FREE and only takes a couple minutes.
Apartment in Jerash, a property with a garden, a terrace and a shared lounge, is situated in Jerash, 2.5 km from Ruins of Jerash, 2.5 km from Jarash Ruins, as well as 2.7 km from Jerash. Guests can en
Complete with barbecue facilities, a garden and a terrace, Dana Villa is located in Jerash, 2.7 km from Ruins of Jerash and 2.7 km from Jarash Ruins. Guests staying at this villa have access to a full
Situated on a hill overlooking Dibbin Nature Reserve, Olive Branch offers spacious rooms. It has an outdoor pool with sun-lounger terrace. Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas. A satellite TV and
Featuring accommodation with a terrace, A farm in Jerash is located in Khirbat Ra”s al Madīnah. This villa offers barbecue facilities as well as a garden. This villa comes with 4 bedrooms, a kitchen,
طريق جرش is located in Jerash and offers barbecue facilities, a garden and a terrace. This property is 11 km from Ruins of Jerash. The villa features 3 bedrooms, a kitchen with a dining area and an o
Offering views of the surrounding mountains of Jerash and King Talal Dam, Dream home is located on the main highway, 28 Km from central Amman and 11 Km from Jerash ruins. It offers open terraces with
Located in ‘Ibbīn, The Village Holiday Home provides self-catering accommodation with a balcony and free WiFi. This holiday home offers barbecue facilities. The holiday home is equipped with 2 bedroo
Happy farm is located in Jerash, 12 km from Ruins of Jerash, in an area where hiking can be enjoyed. Situated 12 km from Jarash Ruins, the property offers barbecue facilities. This air-conditioned ho
Boasting a sun terrace with a swimming pool, as well as a spa & wellness centre, Wooden Arcs is set in Amman. Providing a restaurant, the property also has barbecue facilities and a garden. The rooms
90911 909110 1SUPERVISOR S Level 1 Spanish, 2013 90911 Demonstrate understanding of a variety of Spanish texts on areas of most immediate relevance 9.30 am Tuesday 3 December 2013 Credits: Five Achievement
vosotras= vosotros= él= ellos= ella= ellas= usted= ustedes= Subject pronouns are used as the subject of a sentence. In general, they tell who is being
Nombre Clase Fecha (pronombres personales) Subject pronouns are used as the subject of a sentence. In general, they tell who is being described or who is doing the action. English has seven subject pronouns
Welcome to lesson 2 of the The Spanish Cat Home learning Spanish course. Bienvenidos a la lección dos. The first part of this lesson consists in this audio lesson, and then we have some grammar for you
Jan 24, 2016 by Marian in American Life, health and wellness, Insights, Social Media, Trends, Youth 0 comments
Originally posted on the Huffington Post. As we move into week one of a year when international news won’t be “all bad, but much of it is,” according to NBC…
This is the sixth of Havas PR’s “11 Trends for 2016.” Less than a decade ago, nobody had heard of apps, let alone owned or used one. That changed with…
Originally posted by the National Retail Federation. Can I tell you a secret? There are no secrets. Not anymore. We’re living in a time when, within four years, Snapchat went…
Originally posted by The Guardian. “Show me your top 100 music tracks and I’ll tell you where you buy your clothes, where you shop for food, which brand of beer…
Originally posted on Forbes.com. In my last post, I wrote about how new concepts are being crowdsourced and incubated, new people are creating new business models, new apps are changing…
Trends Driving Real-Time Creativity: Creativity Emerging Everywhere and Self-Expression as the New Imperative
Originally posted on the blog of Havas PR North America. This is the third in a five-part series about how the news is being redefined by today’s real-time creative culture….
Discover in the latest study from Havas PR North America (where Marian is CEO) how Hispanic millennials who live in the four U.S. states bordering Mexico feel about a range of everyday life issues. “Mi Casa” gathers hard data and the respondents’ thoughts on topics from cities and media to the American dream, food, family, fashion, traditions, sports and more. To receive a copy, write to kevin.janeczko@havasww.com.
You may browse my collection of pictures via the menu located on the left hand side of the page. I hope you enjoy the collection and thanks for stopping by!
dice Available for all currencies including Bitcoin. One of the most exciting dice games in the world can now be played at ClubVegas999 SlotsVegas , VirtuaVegas.
MapName.com provides Domain Registration, Domain Forwarding and Domain Masking with Changing Mask and Title service since 1999.
Consider the most powerful LED Strip SMD 5630 and SMD 5730. They are much inferior to the popularity of other modifications on the diodes 3528 and 5050. Set them only on the heat sink in the form of the aluminum profile or on the surface, capable of take the heat.
Power consists of the number of installed diodes 1 meter, this parameter specifies the labeling. But this rule can be used only for company which capacity of 0.5 watts. In the store you are primarily interested in low-cost diode strip on the 5630, which in one and a half times cheaper than others. This is in contrast to the price means that used outdated low-quality Chinese-made 0.15 watts. Price on average 200 rubles. per square meter, even such products are easily detected by the absence of the manufacturer’s name. On branded, such Era, Gauss, Navigator LEDs are not used.
I do not recommend buying diode 0.09 watts. LED strip on them usually produces 360 lumens per meter and is cheap compared to the other. It is better to buy a proven LED Strip SMD 5050 on .
The table shows the power consumption depending on the density-type LED elements. Under the manufacturer and model of written power of a single LED.
Proprietary high-power LEDs can also be of different capacity, such as the Korean LG and Samsung can be 0.3 W, while the new crystals may be 1W. But this is the exception rather than the rule. Now you can easily make purchases in foreign online stores, so keep in mind that if you cheat, you will return the money back is difficult, to the same and no guarantees. In the table below I have given the characteristics of the most popular bands. Luminous flux cheap ICE diode from the Chinese is 6-12 lumens, while a good brand to 40 Lumen.
On the table you can see that the weak branded LED strip 3528 may be of luminous flux China on 5630.
The table shows the number of lumens per meter, depending on the density of LEDs. Under the manufacturer and the type of written power of a single LED.
The table shows the average parameters for the neutral white light indicator will be different stores within the range of -10 to + 10%. Sellers usually overestimate options cheap and rarely recognized as low, although it is evident in the price.
If you do not want to bother with the selection and calculation of lighting, choose a ready-made kits. Specialist in the store will take into account all your wishes, all select and calculate, form a ready-made kit with installation instructions.
LED strips 5630 and 5730 require aluminum heatsink for cooling, it is necessary at a power greater than 10 W/m. aluminum radiator cost is the price of one meter of strip, so it is sometimes more cost effective to buy the weak, than to put on a powerful cooling system. For this weak and sold in the form of more conventional double, connected in two narrow wide.
Overheating threatens you active degradation of LEDs, that is a rapid decrease in brightness. The service life of the right vendors to write brightness decrease by 30%. After the end of life, it just shines so brightly on. .
Particularly good cooling requires waterproof strip coated with silicone sheath. Silicone prevents the outside of the heat removal.
It indicates the size of its housing, but not performance. Case size is 5.6 mm. 3.0 mm. The standard housing can adjust the LED chip, a powerful or weak. The table shows the designation of the LED and its size.
To me often turn to the issue of such a plan, we have bought 25 meters of powerful strip, but the store did not tell us that it is necessary for cooling. Buy Aluminum profile for LED strip is expensive, and it does not fit in the developed design, it will be ugly hang on the wall or ceiling. They certainly have a corner, waybills, Mortise, might have something to choose the best. In this situation, there are two options, that the power does not exceed 10 W/m:
Many people ask the difference between the power LED lights and strips? The difference is that the lamp driver is installed, a current source, that is, defining current resistor is installed inside the power supply. It turns out that the driver is designed only for a certain number of diodes.
LED strip supply voltage from the power supply resistance, which sets the current is on the strip. For every 3 led a resistor element, so you can cut only in designated areas, three pieces each. This makes the design of LED lighting affordable and easy.
For example, you buy a LED strip for illumination on the ceiling or room lighting. Firm will last 2-3 times longer than the Chinese. Because the diodes are certified in accordance with international requirements, and the Chinese have almost no information is present on them, but most of the bad reviews about the work they are even products. If you do not want to redo the lighting after a few years of work, all apart, buy a new one and put it instead of the old, to spend your time or pay for a job, buy a brand. Good enough strip until the next major overhaul of your entire apartment.
led high bay fixture price - led retro kits 277 volt led lighting led residential lighting fixtures, lighting retrofit jobs retrofit inc - led high bay fixture price
led high bay fixture price – Good air convection industrial led commercial high bay lighting strong lumens comeptitive price 200w led high bay light for warehouse, lithonia lighting acuity brands workshop warehouse gym linear light led high bay light 80w 320w flash- occasionally there are instances exactly where finding the correct lighting does not show to be efficient. in these cases, the flash of a digital camera is a good supply of lights. however, it can be tricky operating with a flash and even the very best photographers struggle with the flash settings.if you ought to choose to depend on a flash, be sure to turn out to be acquainted with the flash and its settings prior to the photo shoot..Moonlight 5 years warranty 150w led high bay light high bay led light led warehouse light mbt industrial lighting led high bay lighting 160w led high bay low bay lighting.
Being in the right region is of important importance due to the fact it precisely impacts what type of nightclub design you will have to use. there exist patrons that are completely intrigued by style and will be disappointedif it doesn’t reside to what they are seeking. walgreens drugstore now offers printer cartridge refills in the photo division. the price is $10 for black ink, and $15 for colour cartridges. the cartridges are despatched out to be refilled high bay and are back again at the shop for choose-up in a couple of times..Round led high bay lighting 160lm w ip67 5700k nichia china led serial lights ip65 ip rating and aluminum alloy lamp body material led high bay light.
2017 outdoor ip65 ce rohs cree 240w led high bay low bay lighting bus train station supermarket warehouse 110lm w 5 years warranty 150w led low bay light price .Premium green no fliker led low bay lighting fixtures with emc you can find turbines in an array of makes and sizes. therefore, you’ll need to do a lookup for 1 that’s correct for your website and the energy quantity you need. be certain to verify out local building codes, height specifications, sound restrictions and where prevailing winds have a tendency to come from. all of these are important when you’re trying to build wind turbines. .Tuv saa c tick gs cb approval microwave sensor led low bay light 150w factory led bell light 150w led industrial lighting warehouse lighting and ip67 120w low bay led light .
Ul dlc tuv saa 200w led high bay low bay lighting philips chips and meanwell driver hot selling copper plate base 50w low bay led light .High efficiency high brightness led high bay light high quality canopy lighting 100w led high bay light low bay low cost high lumen ul led high bay light with saa tuv listed .Led low bay light 150w industrial ufo led industrial high bay lighting our vehicles are an extension of our personalities. we have been sold that invoice of items our whole life and we want a vehicle that reflects our character. i have no idea why the news media doesn’t tell us the issues we need to know about getting our aspiration car and getting it be electrical powered. .
Indoor outdoor stadium gym dimmable induction ip65 led high bay light led low bay light led flood light 200w led high bay low bay lighting led flood light 8 years .3 year warranty long lifetime waterproof ip65 150w led low bay lighting top quality flashing high efficiency industrial commercial hi bay lights low bay lights with 5 years warranty .Do you have any electrical work to be done? want to make any electrical installation? then do not worry now the expert help is with you. the very best services are all yours. you can give your agreement to the electrician rochester nyand they will take care of it. they can do every thing for you, repair, installation, upkeep and so on. if you have some electrical merchandise and you want to make some restore work for it then you can ask for the assist from electrical repair rochester ny. garage light 160w ul dlc listed led high bay light low bay light .
osram led high bay led high bay uk high bay led lights australia led high bay light china led high bay lights nz cree highbay led high bay 50w how to hang high bay lights led high bay distributor high bay area high bay light japan led highbay lighting hampton bay post lights bay light fixtures led low bay garage lighting used high bay lighting dialight vigilant led high bay t5 4 lamp high bay fixture bay led lights bay led lighting high bay lighting hangers t8 high bay fluorescent lights 8 lamp t5 high bay high bay shop lighting linear led high bays lithonia led high bay lighting lithonia high bay lights rab high bay 200w led high bay lights 6 bulb t5 high bay vapor tight led high bay high bay vs low bay lights 6 lamp t8 high bay fixture hi bay led fixtures dimmable led high bay lights led replacement for 400w metal halide high bay 200w led high bay lights price difference between high bay and low bay high bay vs low bay light t5 high bay fixture spacing linear led high bay lithonia led high bay light rab bayled104w cheap led high bay lighting compact fluorescent high bay t8 high bay lights baylite 1000 watt high bay light fixtures bay bridge lights schedule metalux led high bay led high bay luminaires high bay led bulb orion led high bay
Flexible Grids Let us clarify that through an example. Check out a couple of professional summaries and try to see which one delivers greater impact. Retired content Jun 21, 2018 Artificial Intelligence Brackets (1) If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms. New tool just developed to help you develop responsive websites with easy. The tool basically does all the math for you, all you’ve got to do is set a context: http://joyresponsivecss.com Preview Have a go-to team with specialized skills Developer - Cadence / C# /.Net Developer Firefox release notes When building a site, developers must manage the progress of their projects. Version control software, such as Git, allows developers to maintain and track changes to their code.
Call Us Today 919-521-5532 Terms of services Privacy policy Refund policy November 13, 2017 at 6:00 am We have all the answers on this page. Market your website on search engines. Include media With over 20 years of experience, Go Web Design has the technology proficiency to reliably get you there. Iowa Send us your questions and we will email you back as soon as we can. Grey looks good! Surprised! Well, at least, after the staggering success of “50 Shades of Grey” the book that sold 60 million ... Submit Design Brief Opportunities for advancements and salary Terms of Use Privacy Policy Have a question? Email us at hello@skillcrush.com Web development About W3C Standards July 31, 2018 Landscapers By Rahul Mistry, Creative Bloq Staff Connect(); 2017 OOH GLOSSARY | thinking about the pros and cons of different options and picking the best one 10 Jaw-Dropping Model Portfolio Examples for Your Inspiration View more resources » Matt Waldrop - S&G Waldrop Electric We called these guys out after a total hard drive failure on © 2018 LinkedIn Corporation Master Angular (Angular 2+, incl. Angular 5) and build awesome, reactive web apps with the successor of Angular.jsUdemy 18 Months Free Hosting Here at DesignContest clients start contests to get unique website design. At the end of the contest you will get graphic design files that can be used then to code your new website. You can talk to designers to see if some can code the web pages for you after the contest ends and start One-on-One project. We can also estimate the cost (starting at $199) for coding your new website. Simply contact our support team to get the detailed quote once you have the design files ready. Menu Health & Fitness Tasks | Technology Skills | Tools Used | Knowledge | Skills | Abilities | Work Activities | Detailed Work Activities | Work Context | Job Zone | Education | Credentials | Interests | Work Styles | Work Values | Related Occupations | Wages & Employment | Job Openings | Additional Information Learn the basics of HTML markup code as they apply to common marketing projects. All Available Packages HTML Character Sets Media Query Browser Support Build Responsive Real World Websites with HTML5 and CSS3 Live Date: 2017-04 14. Our best practices are killing mobile web performance Conversion Rate How I Learned to Code David Read Our Other Want to speak with an expert? Call us at 888-601-5359 CSS Quiz 2. Dejan Markovic Monthly Labor Review Organizational Validation SSL Certificates More Jobs Rankings Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Employment Projections program @media print and (min-resolution: 300dpi) {...} Dreamweaver: Working with Git Version Control Would you make a good Web Developer? Take our career test to find out how you match with this and over 800 other careers. If you're looking for a short, guided tutorial, try a Google Developer Codelab. Each codelab provides step-by-step coding experience. Our websites are custom-designed, user-focused and intuitive. We develop compelling online experiences to bring you the traffic, leads and conversions to boost online sales, drive revenue and maximize lifetime customer value. Don’t misuse our Services. For example, don’t interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct. Carlson & Messer LLP Want a quick quote for yourself? Check out the web design price calculator below! Cue the Confetti IT Learning Paths Insider Spotlights It’s hard to talk about responsive design without mentioning its creator, Ethan Marcotte. If you haven’t read his seminal article about responsive web design, I highly recommend you check it out (seriously, this is required reading). In the article, Ethan discusses all the key ideas that form responsive web design; and that’s really what responsive design is, technically. It’s not a single piece of technology, but rather, a set of techniques and ideas that form a whole. This is one of the main sources of confusion, and in a moment we’ll break things down and take a look at each part. 12th February 2018 by Contrive Media Browse Jobs A List Apart Joomla! 3 Essential Training: 1 Working with Content Business uses of our Services If you liked this article, please hit the clap button above and share with your friends. And more! Our website design and marketing services Includes one-page keyword insertion, title tags, and meta description that help your site rank /*make two columns and move block 3 next to 1 — just because we can*/ HTML Quiz You won't have to wait months to get it. We'll get your site within 4-6 weeks, so you can get back to what really matters. Insights of the industry-leading UXers and PMs in China iPhone Mockups Your web designer will implement navigation into your web design so that aesthetics and navigation go hand in hand. LESS (2) Crestwood Like most websites, Shopify’s menu is also replaced by a hamburger icon on handheld devices. 3 months ago Udacity is not an accredited university and we don't confer traditional degrees. Udacity Nanodegree programs represent collaborations with our industry partners who help us develop our content and who hire many of our program graduates. Los Angeles Web Design Agency t: 866.839.3353 Karen R. Flights to Mars in early 2019? Why Do We Build Our Websites With WordPress? © 2001-2018 Vistaprint. All rights reserved. PRIOR SUCCESS REALLY MATTERS Search Engine Optimization One-stop Solution Here, an ability of a beautiful adaptation to smaller screens as well as to bigger ones brings such benefits as Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes: Michigan JUL 9th 2018 Apart from the various awards we have won in the past, the company takes even bigger pride in the satisfaction of our individual customers and the successes that our websites have achieved for them. Whether the website is a blog, business or a community page, we go the extra mile to provide quality services. Check out some of our actual testimonials from our happy clients! Inside the Best Software Engineer Jobs in NYC Photo & Video Free Goods If you are unfamiliar with HTML and CSS, or if feel like you need to brush up on them, start with our Intro to HTML and CSS. Zuckerberg Goes to Washington: What Advertisers Need to Know Duties What is the difference between the Professional Summary and ré­su­mé Objective section? We like to misappropriate a JFK quote to answer all queries regarding this conundrum: Entrepreneur Women Techmakers Get the latest and freshest content on creating Your email Quick LinksExplore popular categories Career Research How to make your designs responsive Intro to Self-Driving Cars Cars Get a Free Template! Technosoft Corporation Birmingham, AL 10. Daniel Fischer Healthcare Other media features include identifying available output colors with use of the color, color-index, and monochrome features, identifying bitmap devices with the grid feature, and identifying the scanning process of a television with the scan feature. These features are less common but equally as helpful when needed. New Zealand We provide our clients with great design, passionate service, and honest results. Contact us to discuss your next project today. Anchor Tag When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets the person who wrote it know you shared the love. GitHub — A Step by Step Guide to Making Your First GitHub Contribution Laurel Leaf Pin Javascript On Our Webpage Pingback: Does Your Biz Need a Mobile-First Business Strategy? www.rehablend.com If you need, we can advise on how to deliver it. Fast, cost-effectively, professionally and always on time. Ricker Lyman Robotic This section is often underrated by most developers. Shouldn’t the professional experience and projects be the focus on your ré­su­mé? Website Usability Perman Engineering CMS Also called: Web Architect, Web Designer, Web Developer, Webmaster Hi Responsive web design The Work Arabic Teacher Professional Development PayScale Index 12 PHRASES THAT ARE MAKING YOU SOUND IGNORANT float: none; Become a Print Production Professional Operating Systems Network & Security Affordable Web Developer Raleigh North Carolina 27608 | Call Now (919) 521-5532 Affordable Web Developer Raleigh North Carolina 27608 | Call Us Today (919) 521-5532 Affordable Web Developer Raleigh North Carolina 27608 | Call For A Consultation (919) 521-5532
SIL International is aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to protect your privacy. If you supply us with any personal details, including your name and email address, we will securely protect that information and not supply it to third-parties.
We reserve the right to allow keyman.com and keymanweb.com administrators to view your personal information and to contact you at the email address you provide to assist you.
Activity on this site may be logged to improve the service and its security — to identify general usage patterns to improve the service, to help deal with inquiries and user requests, and to counter spam, unsolicited and inappropriate use of the service. Data that is identified with you or your IP address will be only used internally and will not be disclosed to others. Statistics may be generated based on this data and shared with others but will never contain personally identifying information.
Длительные автомобильные переезды — неотъемлемая часть любого интересного путешествия. Особенно, если речь идёт про такую большую страну как Россия. Если избегать по пути крупных городов, то, при условии хорошей дороги, за день можно без особых напрягов преодолеть около тысячи километров. Хотя у меня есть знакомые, для которых и полторы тысячи в день — вполне обычное дело. Но это — скорее исключения из правил. Иногда бывает и наоборот — например, я до сих пор со смешанными чувствами вспоминаю горные дороги в Грузии, когда на преодоление шестидесяти километров пути на неплохом внедорожнике у меня уходило более семи часов. Конечно, и здесь до рекордов мне далеко — есть среди моих знакомых, например, рьяные любители бездорожья, которые лишь презрительно фыркнут, слушая мои рассказы, и с энтузиазмом расскажут в ответ, как они, где-нибудь в глухой тайге, с трудом преодолевали на своих подготовленных внедорожных монстрах не более десяти километров в день. В-общем, как вы уже, наверное, догадались, сегодня я позволю себе пуститься в пространственные размышления о дорогах, которые я выбираю в своих путешествиях, и о мыслях, которые меня посещают на этих самых дорогах...
"Little Wars is the game of kings" - H. G. Wells. My thoughts and ideas about my passion - Wargaming.
As promised I have put together some pictures of Mackenzie's 3rd Division with Anson's Light Cavalry Brigade as a prelude to playing out this rearguard scenario.
The strength and losses figures illustrate the historical cost to these units. The scenario will see if we can model something similar.
Lt. Colonel Rufane Shaw Donkin's Brigade, L-R, 2/87th Foot, 1/88th Foot, 5/60th Rifles, Donkin's Light Battalion
Maj. General Alexander Mackenzie's Brigade L-R, 2/31st Foot, 1/45th Foot, 2/24th Foot, Mackenzie's Light Battalion
What a great way to start the morning - over sleep, drink coffee whilst reading this post. Better get off to work now, my company doesn't run itself yet! JeremyJ
Hi Jeremy, you can't beat a bit of eye candy to help set the day off to a good start. Have a good one.
As I've said before it's brilliant watching your armies come together, gives me a push to keep my own going in the right direction!
Thanks Paul, that's very kind. It depends on which project. I intend to break Talavera down into scenarios so we can fight games as the order of battles are completed.
So Casa de Salinas is ready to go, once I have my trees put back together. The night attack on the Medellin just needs the 2/48th doing and they are on the stick. Then we're off to do the two main attacks in the day which will need two Spanish divisions, about 10 battalions plus about four cavalry regiments to get ready. Finally alongside that I have 8 regiments (24 battalions) of French line infantry to do and then we are ready for Talavera Max. So a lot of painting and gaming ahead in 2015.
Hello, I see you have A LOT to do. Considering the quality of the wonderfully painted figures it will take you a lot of time. I think that the Greek Talavera will take place before the English !
Absolutely gorgeous spread. This blog, plus rewatching Sharpe recently, are making it really difficult to not start Napoleonics ;)
To help make JJ's Wargames a useful resource page I thought I would add a few comments about how I have set it up.
- All posts carry labels, found at the bottom in the orange text, to make it easy to search on similar items. All labels can be found in this side bar or in the case of major themes, linked to with the tabs at the top of the page under the header.
- All products and manufacturers I have used in a project will be detailed in the post, with labels to other posts where I have also used those items. All manufacturers I have used are linked in this side bar so you can easily find the product discussed. I try to check these occasionally, but if you find one not working, please drop me a comment.
- I strive to provide links to all /any resources I have referred to in my posts to credit the original authors/artists.
- The side bar carries all my scenarios and links to other wargame related sites with a list of other great wargame/history related blogs
If you want to know more about what I have used or done in a particular post, drop me a comment and I will provide an answer for you and others who might also want to know but were scared to ask.
Alternatively you can send me a message using the Contact Form above and I will get back to you as soon as I can. Please note any email address you submit is considered by me as private and not for use by third parties.
Well after a few days in Antwerp enjoying the sites in the city and celebrating Carolyn's birthday, Saturday morning arrived and afte...
Continuing with a series of visits, by myself and Mr Steve, to interesting and important Roman sites in Britain which now forms a series ...
It was back in sunny September that Mr Steve and I set out on a planned two day expedition to walk part of the Three Castles walk on the ...
This year at JJ's Wargames has been one very much of transition and reorganising around the new projects. Those projects being the Ro...
Continuing the theme of terrain and completing my 100th post, I thought I might share some pictures of my Oporto bell tower. Way back on t...
Jonathan Jones (JJ) I've been wargaming since age 13 when I played my first Napoleonic game at the Reigate Wargames Club. I now live in lovely Devon and have "chaired" the Devon Wargames Group for ever, well since it started in 1981. I regularly contribute to the Devon Wargames Group Blog and now post to my personal blog JJ's Wargames.
Who says history is always written by the victors? A memorable reversal of history at Elixheim (1705)
As regular followers of the blog will know, I like to share aspects of my travels through the lens of a wargamer. I don't think I am unique among practitioners of the hobby in finding a fascination in the military history of places I visit whilst also enjoying the cultural aspects and just being on holiday.
Why Vietnam? Well my eldest son Tom is currently here as part of his travelling to Australia and other countries in the far east, post graduation and seeing as his mum and I hadn't seen him since October 2015 it seemed like a great opportunity to meet up and a fascinating part of the world to visit for a summer holiday.
We started our holiday after a long flight from London via Dubai landing at Ho Chi Minh City on Friday night amidst a tropical thunderstorm with cumulus thunderheads visible from the plane window causing dramatic lighting bolts to arc from the heavens down to the ground producing a stunning spectacle as we approached our destination.
Needless to say we were shattered after the long flight and on checking into the hotel went straight to bed as we had to be ready for our car journey to Nha Trang the next morning at 8.30am.
An old market building surrounded by what look like French colonial buildings, contrast with the more modern city skyscrapers
The next morning saw us getting our first appreciation of Ho Chi Minh City in daylight from the roof top restaurant as we tucked into an "American" breakfast of fried eggs, bacon and toast. I'm sorry after a long day of flying I couldn't face noodles for breakfast.
As a child of the sixties, growing up in the UK with images of the Vietnam War appearing nightly on the national news, this city is still Saigon to me and indeed many of the locals still refer to it that way. Either way this modern city is a curious mix of traditional Vietnamese culture, French Colonial architecture with a large smattering of skyscraper office blocks and advertising hoardings that would be familiar in any 21st Century urban city-scape in the west.
One thing that became patently obvious about Ho Chi Minh City on arrival and in the morning as we boarded our car for the drive to Nha Trang is that this is a city of scooters and mopeds. Indeed not only the city but the whole country seems to get around on these versatile means of transport.
I thought I had seen most ways of using these small motorbikes, but that was until I came to Vietnam. Here you can see family groups, four up on a small scooter, mum and dad with two small kids wedged in between, major loads of fridges and electrical equipment, bamboo and masses of palm fronds for building construction, animal cages and large non-descript shrink wrapped cartons festooned on the front and back of these bikes with the rider mounted between or on the load.
This transport together with the busy roads and the US model of undertaking and overtaking is not without risk and we saw two accidents on our travels with goods strewn across the roads and one, with the police in attendance, having a small scooter, pinned under the front wheels of a large lorry, with the rider not is sight, presumably in the back of an ambulance.
On leaving the city, the urban landscape soon gave way to the rural views of Vietnam I was more familiar with; one of paddy fields and rubber tree plantations in their serried ranks of trees with a curious little coconut shell collecting cup at the bottom of each tree trunk.
In the suburban town of Long Kanh I snatched a picture of the war memorial, with this Vietnamese T59 (Chinese copy of the T54).
Long Kanh was a gateway to the then Saigon for much of the Vietnam War and was the scene of a lot of fighting during it. In May 1971 the Long Kahn province became the responsibility of the Australian forces in their ongoing battle with the Viet Cong as more and more urban centres, once cleared of fighters were placed under the control of South Vietnamese forces.
Australian reconnaissance teams from the Special Air Service Regiment soon identified elements of the D445 Viet Cong battalion and the North Vietnamese Army 3/33 Regiment, and a plan was hatched to drive the enemy troops discovered back towards a US/Australian stop line on the Suoi Ran River with a brigade sized search and destroy mission conducted by the 1st Australian Task Force (3rd Royal Australian Regiment infantry backed up with Centurion Tanks).
The operation began on the 5th of June and was given the name Operation Overlord due to the date relationship to D Day 1944. The Australians soon discovered their enemy well ensconced in a network of tunnel emplacements, with the NVA and VC infantry keen to resist to allow their support elements and supplies to fall back from the area intact.
The NVA forces achieved their mission but it is thought at great cost as they bought the time required while the Australian forces cleared each tunnel complex one by one using their tanks to destroy strongpoints along the way.
The tank memorial is in fact in place to record the exploits of North Vietnamese forces who in 1975 fought a fierce battle with the South Vietnamese as their forces closed in on Saigon as US operations came to a close and the south fell into its final death throws.
The following link gives an explanation of events with pictures of some of the veterans who took part in the struggle and took me back to a 15 year old watching North Vietnamese tanks entering Saigon as the last evacuees rushed to board US military helicopters to escape the collapse.
Today the banners and posters that adorn the street furniture leave you in no doubt as to who is in charge now.
From Long Khanh we took the road that heads across country towards the coast at Phan Thiet and the scenery changed yet again as we encountered a great open road running parallel to vast stretches of towering sand dunes and the occasional fishing village along the route.
In each little harbour were multiple "sampan" like blue fishing boats peculiar to this part of the world.
At Phan Tiet, about halfway along our route we stopped for lunch where, being so close to the coast, I enjoyed a Vietnamese fish hotpot with raw ingredients brought to the table to be cooked in a pot over a burner. The squid, clams, chunks of fish and prawns together with noodles and fresh green leaves took no time to cook in the pre-prepared fish broth and made a great meal during the stop.
As we pressed on to Nha Trang we got more and more glimpses of the azure blue South China Sea pressing up against the palm trees and white sandy beaches that characterise this coastline.
This part of Vietnam has a very interesting ancient history, being part of the ancient Champa Kingdom that held sway for much of the time between the 2nd to the 17th centuries.
The Champa were a Hindu culture and are described as a fierce warrior people (the Vikings of the South China Sea) who were in constant struggle with their neighbours the Dai Viet in the north of modern Vietnam and the Kymer in modern day Cambodia.
The Champa, during these ancient times, were a technically interesting force incorporating elephant mounted ballista, hand held crossbows in among their spearmen and archers, with a minimal amount of light cavalry designed to pursue a beaten foe.
To day the monuments to this great Vietnamese civilisation are these dramatic red brick towers that dominate the landscape adorned with a splendid array of carvings and intricate pattern work
These particular examples of Champa architecture are to be seen at Thap Cham and we stopped the car to take a few minutes to grab these pictures.
It was getting a little dimpsey (Devonian expression - meaning the light was fading) when we arrived in Nha Trang and met up with Georgia, Tom and Will.
Nha Trang is a beautiful coastal resort designed to attract visitors wanting the sun, sand and sea holiday and our hotel room on the tenth floor with sea view balcony offered a great vista overlooking the seafront and bay.
We went into town for dinner in the evening allowing the youngsters to determine our restaurant for the evening as they have had several days here to find their way about.
On our way back to the hotel, I spotted this marvellous replica NVA topee which I thought would make a fine souvenir of the holiday to take pride of place in JJ's man-cave and provided a nice end to a very pleasant first day in Vietnam.
With a break from the traditional wargames related posts I will put up some more impressions of this fascinating country during our stay, with some more posts looking at the Vietnam conflict together with more thoughts on the culture of the country today.
Always enjoy your travelogues, Jonathan. Vietnam is no exception with your inspiring photos. Did you sample much of the great variety of street food? Great NVA helmet!
Hi Jon, thank you. Funny you should mention street food. We spent today touring around Nha Trang in the company of a local guide sampling street food and I am going back to the restraunt involved to do some Vietnamese cookery classes so I will post my thoughts a bit later in the week.
I was really pleased to find something so evocative of Vietnam and the war, and Tom displayed the haggling skills he's learned while touring to negotiate a great price.
Did you buy the plastic version or the one with the cloth cover,I was told that if I came back the next day then I could have an "original " one for only $20. In the end I got neither and have regretted it ever since , it would have looked nice along side my fathers old police helmet.
It has a cloth cover over a fairly robust shell. I'll see if I can get you one. Tom's pretty good at haggling.
I've told you before , their your kids , just because I'm a godfather to whichever one of them it is doesn't mean you can transfer him over to me permanently .
I do not know what you are about but definitely you’re seeing a famous blogger should you aren’t already Cheers!
A new restaurant and catering company has moved into the building at 3073 N. Campbell Ave., where the Just Add Water Café was going to be located until the owner pulled the plug on the project.
Amelia Grey's Café and Catering now resides there. The restaurant is the new incarnation of Amelia Greys' Tea Garden, which pulled up stakes earlier this year at 5055 E. Speedway Blvd.
Expect sandwiches, salads, baked goods galore and all the requisite hot and cold beverages. The café also holds high teas, describing them as such:
High Tea is served on our finest bone china which includes: Pot of your choice of tea, milk and sugar cubes, Three petite sandwiches, Two freshly baked scones, Three miniature sweets, One mini quiche and condiments of homemade lemon curd Raspberry Jam and devonshire cream.
The next high tea takes place this Sunday, July 22. Reservations are required. There's more on the restaurant here.
Chow amelia grey's cafe and catering company tucson cafes tucson tea houses amelia grey's tea garden tucson restaurants
Teeeny teeeny tiny little pieces of rocks. Anncr: But to her two year-old son, exploring the world around him, she makes perfect sense.
Below you will find the National Radio PSA Scripts. To listen to the radio spots, please go to: http://online.unitedway.org/bornlearning Born Learning Radio :60 At the Beach Ocean sounds Over there? Over
Drake's daddy recently left for basic training and he is missing Drake a bunch. To make his daddy feel better, Drake's mommy decided to visit over the weekend so she could send him some cute new pictures.
The little heart shaped picture on top is among my favorites. These little cuties didn't have to be posed at all, notice the hands? Whatever one would do the other would automatically do!!!
I have not been very good at updating my blog but don't plan on dwelling on my shortcomings. Instead I have decided in the days to come to share a few of my past favorites and to try to be a better blogger in the future.
I’m really just a person who likes to take pictures, I always have. I’m also old enough to remember the excitement of finally seeing the prints from a roll of film when they finally arrived back from the developer. We have came a long way since then … and I am in love with digital! These days, more times than not, you’ll see me with my camera around my neck. Am I a professional? I try to be … but my goal is more about the art than the snapshot. I take a little more time with each photo … my goal is to turn each photo into canvas quality art. My favorite artist are Norman Rockwell and Ansel Adams. I’m also a single mom who has recently returned to school. I thank you in advance for your comments…both constructive and complimentary.
Faith and facts collide on a Creationist themed golf course when the daughter of a widowed creationist falls for the adopted son of a gay paleontologist. Unbeknownst to the lovers a prehistoric dino-shark has emerged from hibernation leaving a trail of death and destruction. Will the creationist and paleontologist settle their ideological differences or will Sharkasaurus devour them all?
an Alberta writer and film director. With a Bachelor of Arts in Film Studies at the University of Alberta and a diploma in film production at the Victoria Motion Picture School Estabrooks focuses on telling Alberta genre stories. From cowboy zombies (Deadwalkers) to Rocky Mountain monsters (The Hunt) his film projects have won numerous awards including Rue Morgues Magazines Best Short of 2013 and Gencon’s best Feature Film 2016 (Legend of the Lich Lord)
Including | (OR) between each term will return publications that contain at least one of the search terms.
Enclosing a word or phrase in quotes (" ") will only return publications that include the exact search term.
Inserting an asterisk (*) after the stem of a term will return publications that include all possible endings of that term.
Rick Skunk November 29, 2017 No Comments on DCMJ Planning Meeting #17 Hosted by DCMJ – December 20 2017
Join us for our final planning meeting of 2017 at the Mt. Pleasant Neighborhood Library on Wednesday, December 20! This special end-of-the-year gathering is officially our 2018 visioning meeting, where we’ll discuss and make plans for DCMJ’s advocacy efforts in the new year. Your participation and feedback is super important, so please make plans to join us!
Events cannabis event, DCMJ, DCMJ Planning Meeting, DCMJ Planning Meeting #17, DCMJ Planning Meeting #17 Hosted by DCMJ, marijuana event, washington dc cannabis and marijuana events, washington dc cannabis event
» Growing With Robby Beginner Class #5: Pest and Disease Management/Prevention (DC) December 2 2018
← Meltdown Fire and Ice Hosted by Terpy Solutions – November 29 2017 LITTY LOUNGE SUNDAYS Hosted by The High Society DC Events – December 3 2017 →
States with Legal Medical Marijuana | Washington DC Marijuana Events on States with Legal Recreational Marijuana
DC Weed Events | Washington DC Marijuana Events on Mello’s Munchies Superbowl Pop-up Shop – February 5 2017
DC Weed Events | Washington DC Marijuana Events on Buttered & Baked: Cooking with Cannabis Class – February 5 2017
DC Weed Events | Washington DC Marijuana Events on DCMJ Senate Judiciary Committee vote on Sessions – February 1 2017
Nothing on this website should be considered legal advice or as a substitute for legal advice. Please respect the marijuana laws during your time in Washington DC. Please read our full disclaimer here.
We’re re excited to bring you Terps & Tokes at the Elroy every Thursday in Washington DC. Terps & Tokes is where people come to connect, experience, create, and vibe. We aim to bring you unparalleled experiences. This is a 420 friendly event. Each guest is automatically entered into a raffle. We have decided to do a special this week! $10 tickets this week online an at the door before 8pm. Ladies are free with flyer!
There are many packages to choose from an exclusive vendors that are sure to put a smile on your face! There is an outdoor patio and 2 levels of indoor and outdoor vendors for your enjoyment. Come out and unwind with great people. Our caterer has been in business for over 30 years and so has our 420 transportation partner. Rest assured you will have one of the best times of your life!
Whether you come on your own or with friends, indulge in a variety of flavors an share the experience with us or make new friends!
Also, we will always have some of the coolest vendors weekly. Our giveaways are phenomenal! We have a raffle every hour
*Flyer will be updated to reflect the vendors that will be at Terps & Tokes every week, but in some cases there will be more that you may not see on the flyer due to late vending inquiries! *Other locations coming soon*
Lodging can consist of hotels, apartments, condos or houses on homeaway.com, airbnb, etc. There are plenty of budget friendly and upscale accommodations in the area.
← Good Vibes The Ice Cream Social Hosted by Cannabis Karma – July 17 2017 BUDZ N BASS by CVNNA-DUB COLLECTIVE – July 20 2017 →
bar sinks cabinets counters with in bar sinks kitchen traditional and kitchen range homestay da lat.
MDL serisi 1. sinif emniyet donanimli Kurutma Dolaplari Safety drying oven with first class safety features and an expanded temperature range The MDL series operates at temperatures up to 350 ºC at an airflow of 400l/min, ideal conditions for high temperature testing, e.g. in coil coating applications. The preheating chamber with its special Airflow Design permits homogenous baking processes to be performed with maximum occupational safety in extremely short time, safeguarded by electronic monitoring of fresh air. Individual programming options provide maximum flexibility for completing your jobs. PERFORMANS ÖZELLIKLERI Electronically controlled APT.line(tm) preheating chamber assuring temperature accuracy and reproducible results Temperature range 5 °C (32 °F) above ambient temperature up to 350 °C (662 °F) All safety features acording to EN 1539 Heat load 9.0 kW Door gasket made of of high temperature resistant silicone Rear exhaust connector Ø 100 mm (3.94 inch) MCS controller with 25 storable programs of 100 sections each for a maximum of 500 program segments Features: o User friendly LCD screen o Easy-to-read menu guide o Integrated electronic chart recorder o Variety of options for the graphic display of process parameters o Real time clock Replaceable fresh-air filter cartridge, class F6 (EU6-fine particle filter for paricel 1…10 μm) Independent adjustable temperature safety device class 2 (DIN 12880), with visual and audible temperature alarm Fresh-air monitoring with audible and visual alarm and automatic deactivation of heating RS 422 interface for use with optional GMP/GLP and FDA guideline 21 CFR Part 11 compliant APT-COM(tm) DataControlSystem software 2 chrome-plated racks included BINDER test certificate PDF Dosyasını İndir
Summary: Sally (Catherine Shepherd) reluctantly accepts her boyfriend's proposal but then begins an affair with Emma (Julia Davis), who soon turns her life upside down in this comedy written and directed by Davis.
You'll laugh out loud at the characters' misery and awkwardness, and then feel awful for doing so. Like Davis herself, the show is like nothing else you've seen. [9 Nov 2018, p.50]
Potentially cataclysmic. I’m not certain U.S. viewers are--or will ever be--ready. ... The funniest moments in Sally4Ever, though, tend to be not so outrageous. They’re the way Emma pronounces “Pilates” (pill-ah-tez), and the face Sally makes watching David’s a cappella group sing George Michael’s “Faith,” and the robotic selfie stick that appears in one scene out of nowhere. ... These interludes aren’t scandalizing so much as hilarious and horrifying in equal measure, just like Davis intended.
Julia Davis impressively keeps believable the more outrageous she gets. All this is imbued with the muted, knowing style of humor the Brits love so much and do so well, and fans of that style will enjoy this to bits.
The true stars here, though, are the failings of human nature. Sally4Ever is the kind of comedy so dark it pushes straight through bleakness to a morality-play clarity: It’s an unflattering, fluorescent light on the manifestations of human self-interest and weakness. This works better than HBO’s translation of “Camping.”
Sally4Ever isn’t necessarily bursting apart established conventions, but some moments challenge a person’s appetite. Although Davis draws our focus with her character’s outrageous selfishness, Shepherd is tasked with carrying Sally4Ever simply by reacting to all the attention in a way any sensible person would. ... Her subdued performance is a welcome counterbalance to Emma’s audacious egomania and David’s simpering foolery.
It’s not quite as consistently funny as that discomfort-inducing work [the original Office], though it does get more amusing as it goes on.
Three episodes into this seven-part season, it remains unclear what all this horrible awkwardness and explosions of bowels add up to--how much art can be found in the squicky craft of an evil clown.
The Pilot has me ROLLING. The two female leads are revelations, and the jilted male fiancee is so gnarly, so gross, and he nails theThe Pilot has me ROLLING. The two female leads are revelations, and the jilted male fiancee is so gnarly, so gross, and he nails the performance perfectly. This is a must-watch series so far, in my opinion.… Expand
I have a feeling this show will be misunderstood by a US audience. For the rest of us, hooray, more classic JuliaJulia Davis on HBO? Yes!
I have a feeling this show will be misunderstood by a US audience. For the rest of us, hooray, more classic Julia Davis on the small screen. This show is right up there with her past gross-out style but after watching the first three episodes it's promising to be her best yet.… Expand
Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011
The plumber Castleford frequently have identification, regularly qualified and likewise trained to the most effective criteria to provide a solution unlike any other, they enjoy to supply you among one of the most cost-effective plumbing on the marketplace today. Every emergency situation plumber Castleford will certainly be totally qualified and likewise guaranteed and likewise all set to embark on any kind of type of emergency situation you might be confronted with. Every emergency situation plumbing Castleford will certainly be totally capable and also insured along with prepared to get any kind of kind of emergency situation you might be challenged with.
If you reside in Castleford and are looking for an emergency situation locksmith near me, after that talk to us today 01924 950557 If you end up unable to obtain in your house or office as well as require a 24 human resources locksmith our group of emergency situation locksmiths prepare to assist you 24-hrs a day seven days per week. Every emergency plumbing Castleford will certainly be totally capable as well as insured and also well prepared to get any type of type of emergency you could be faced with. Every emergency plumbing technician Castleford will certainly be completely capable along with guaranteed along with prepared to get any type of emergency situation you can have to handle.
What You Required to Do Concerning Locksmith Professional Castleford Starting in the Following 2 Minutes
Whatever circumstance you locate on your own, you can be certain our auto locksmith professional in Castleford has the knowledge and experience available to tailor our solution to coordinate with your conditions, with a fast reaction time that aims to be at your side within one hour of obtaining your telephone call. Every emergency situation pipes Castleford will be totally capable and insured and also ready to obtain any type of kind of emergency you may be challenged with. Every emergency pipes expert Castleford will surely be experienced and insured as well as likewise ready to obtain any kind of type of emergency situation you can have to deal with. Every emergency situation plumbing professional Castleford will surely be entirely capable and insured as well as prepared to obtain any kind of kind of emergency situation you might be faced with.
Locksmith professional If you're relocating right into a brand-new home, the really first point you need to do to make your home more safe and secure is to modify the locks. A professional locksmith might establish you up with the perfect system your budget permits and make certain it is working appropriately. Our business locksmiths can enable you to completely safeguard your buildings. Our qualified Yorkshire Locksmiths will have the capability to open up any door.
The most excellent approach is to call the locksmith. Kyle Castillouseful links. If you're trying to utilize a brand-new locksmith professional, after that you need to be in a position to find trusted folks in Castleford since there are several outstanding services in the region that you can rely on to do an incredible job. Kyle Castillouseful web links. If you're seeking to utilize a brand-new locksmith professional afterwards, you should certainly remain in a location to position dependable individuals in Castleford, given that there are countless fantastic remedies in the area that it's feasible to rely on to do an amazing task. Our accredited Yorkshire Locksmiths will certainly have the ability to open any kind of sort of door.
Locks might be obtainable in great deals of varied sizes and shapes, therefore ensuring that a locksmith find out specialist might manage a wide array of different lock situations is essential. They are easily offered in great deals of diverse shapes and sizes, hence making sure that a locksmith professional can manage a broad option of different lock circumstances is important. Anti-snap locks are made to ensure that they may not be damaged. They are made so they can not be damaged. They are designed so they can not be damaged. The current locks currently supply a greater amount of safety, in contrast, to ever before at an affordable expenditure to the home owner.
In plenty of instances, the door can merely call for toe as well as likewise recovery to remedy the problem. Substance doors enable you to improve the attractiveness of your house by integrating the attractiveness of wood consisting of all the security as well as safety and also effectiveness of contemporary materials. They permit you to boost the great appearances of your house by incorporating the appearance of hardwood containing all the defense along with the efficiency of modern-day products.
If you're trying to use a brand-new locksmith specialist, after that you should remain in a place ahead across credible people in Castleford, given that there are lots of outstanding remedies in the region which it's possible to depend do an excellent work. Our business locksmith professionals can allow you to thoroughly safeguard your residential properties. Our close-by locksmith professionals are professionals that drive to your location in a kind of mobile locksmith laboratory, prepared with the most current advanced tools to take care of any job right away. Our commercial locksmith specialists extra analysis could allow you to thoroughly protect your residence or company. They might allow you to extensively shield your homes. Similarly any kind of terrific locksmith specialist will have the capability to notify you worrying the grade of locks castleford locksmith which are presently in the marketplace.
Our locksmith services are offered to all the people living in the United States of America. Our locksmith services are expected to give better security for all the residence, vehicles and business in USA.
Our firm has the best locksmiths in town. With them, customer satisfaction is guaranteed. Our abreast customer assistance staff will provide the answers to your concerns.
Nothing beats an alert person when it comes to burglary. It is your responsibility to protect your family and and home's perimeter. All of your dilemmas with your locking mechanisms will be resolved in no time. We also offer free estimates so make sure to call through (888) 909-6602. We do take great pride in all of our workmanship because we want to guarantee customer satisfaction.
Having contacts for all emergency services at your fingertips is prudent. Since you drive to many places, some unsafe, you need someone to help you should an emergency arise.
A 24 hour Vancouver auto locksmith is your best option for problems with your car opening or locking. They can assist you in case of;
There comes a time when you might lock your keys in your car or lose them. Sometimes keys will break in the lock. While these are all setbacks, they are temporary if you call your Vancouver Auto locksmith.
The locksmith could make new keys for your or open your car if you locked your keys inside. It’s much better than smashing your window
Sometimes your ignition fails to work, especially if you have driven your car for a few years. While there are many causes of ignition key failures, your auto locksmith can repair or replace your ignition and get you back on your journey in a short time.
While the name locksmith is old fashioned your Vancouver auto locksmith can handle opening and locking problems with your transponder keys. Your locksmith knows how to program your car keys and save you the stress of a towing service.
The best thing about your Vancouver Auto locksmiths though is not what they can do but how they do it;
Your 24-hour auto locksmith has someone ready to receive emergency call day and night. Once you have contacted them, a team is dispatched to your whereabouts, and your problem finds its solution. Fast Automotive Locksmith Burnaby
When you place an emergency call to your auto locksmith, the locksmiths do not start looking for tools and equipment, they promptly drive to your location, check your car and start working. Their toolbox is always there with them.
If you have a single key for your car, don’t tarry, get a spare. If you have lost a spare key to your vehicle, someone out there might be waiting for that opportune moment to strike, have your car rekeyed or change the locking mechanism.
We’re planning to gather for a Lean Coffee Session before work on Friday 29th April. Let me know if you’re interesting in coming along. Exact Time/Venue tbc but likely to be around 8am near Leeds train station.
Hi All, This is a page for folks interested in attending Lean Coffee sessions in and around Leeds. If you want to run your own Lean Coffee Session in Leeds, let us know! We’ll give it some love on blogs, … Continue reading →
The Program of Modernization of the Housing and Public Utilities of the Republic of Kazakhstan for 2011-2020.
Letter to the Editor A lot of columnists have been comparing the Romney vs. Gingrich primary battle to the 2008 primary battle between Obama and Clinton. I don’t think they are similar. In 2008 the Democrats had two strong candidates that they liked. People who wanted Hillary to win liked Obama too. People who liked […]
I have another paradigm which I’d call the rolling yuk factor. The Republicans started with 8 bad choices none of which can beat Obama even though Obama has some serious problems himself. Romney is known and voters don’t like him. That’s why McCain beat him last time. But the elites are behind Romney so he’s […]
Letter to the Editor They say that every cloud has a silver lining. As we all know Mitt Romney hasn’t wanted to release his tax returns and explain his bank accounts in the Cayman Islands. With Newt’s big win in South Carolina it looks like he may not have to.
Letter to the Editor The news is that the justice department is going after a “pirate” web site called Megaupload and they have shut them down in foreign countries and seized their assets also in a foreign country. And the Justice Department did it without laws like PIPA and SOPA. Looks to me like the […]
This post was written by marc on January 20, 2012	Comments Off on Megaupload crackdown – What does it mean?
Letter to the Editor It’s kind of interesting that so many Republicans see Mitt Romney as the inevitable candidate and the most likely to beat Obama. In 2008 Romney, who had a virtually unlimited amount of money, managed to lose to John McCain. McCain went on to lose to a previously unknown Democrat named Barack […]
Letter to the Editor It’s interesting to hear the Republican candidates decry the “war on religion” when it’s pretty clear that none of the Republican candidates actually believe in God. From my point of view as a Realist, who puts reality first, if there actually was a God and people had a personal connection to […]
Letter to the Editor Presidential candidate Rick Santorum today told a mostly white audience in Iowa that he didn’t want to “make black people’s lives better by giving them somebody else’s money.” Really? I didn’t know that Wall Street investment firms had that many black people.
Letter to the Editor The state of Iowa does a disservice to America in both having a caucus election and insisting on being the first election every presidential election year. Why should this one state always be the one the pre-screens candidates for the rest of us? And if they are going to be the […]
With established agreements being reworked, how should stakeholders navigate an uncertain trade landscape? This session was developed in partnership with …
http://lpi.worldbank.org - The LPI is an interactive benchmarking tool created to help countries identify the challenges and opportunities they face in their …
China moved into second place globally as a source of international patent applications filed via the World Intellectual Property Organization in 2017. The Point …
As a maritime nation, naval power is the U.S.’s most useful means of responding to distant crises, preventing them from harming our security or that of our allies …
Four years after the U.S. and EU first imposed sanctions against Russia in response to its annexation of Crimea in March 2014, how effective have these …
“Discovering Unexpected Information on the basis of Popularity/Unpopularity Analysis of Coordinate Objects and their Relationships”,
“Plus One or Minus One: A Method to Browse from an Object to Another Object by Adding or Deleting an Element”,
Fair Oak Workshops - Contemporary Arts & Crafts Furnishings and Accessories [Historical Arts & Casting]
With opening night in the new NHL only days away, I thought I would take this opportunity to put together the official Nancy Of The Net Pre-season All-Star Sockey Team™. I’ve put together a few different teams and before I introduce them in an absolutely faaaabulous ceremony, I will do my best to outline the criteria for making each team.
Back in the good ol’ days, when I was a still hanging in the menswear department, I used to dream of being a knight in King Arthur’s court. These days, I’d like to believe that if I was ever lucky enough to have a queen touch me on the shoulder with his scepter I would certainly, “Arise, Sergei!” With that in mind, here is my Pre-season All-Sergei Sockey Team™:
These players have been banned for life from any further discussion and will not be seen or heard from here at J.K. Sockey.com for obvious reasons.
At Temple, the dykhuis was ΣΦØ and butch goring would get you a black eye from a lesbian and night in the pokey. Not much to say here other than good riddance.
These next gentlemen will forever be enshrined in the Nancy Of The Net Hall Of Fame™ for more than just their contributions to the sport.
One sported one of the hottest porn star mustaches ever while playing in my hometown of Philadelphia, the other hosted an out of this world Turner Cup party in my adopted hometown of Atlanta.
Sooo Close! The following players are on the cusp of superstardom, greatness, or have some other quality that I find irresistible in some form or fashion. While not yet considered the cream of the crop, the upcoming season may push them over the edge and on to great things. These men all receive a 2005 Nancy Of The Net™ Pre-season Honorable Mention.
Your Official Nancy Of The Net 2005 Pre-season All-Star Sockey Team™!!I've wasted enough time already, time to get right to it...
I was sewn in a third world country by an eight-year-old Indonesian boy with very soft hands. I was purchased as part of a graduation present for a very hairy young man from Bryn Mawr. He wore me to school at Temple, where I lived most of my formative years either in a pile of dirty laundry, or being fapped into. During college my interest in the sports world began. I especially enjoyed hanging in the locker room. After a horrible Griswold Machine accident, two bouts with Carotenosis and a Hypercarotenemia diagnosis in 2004 left me with Liqua-Tan™ skin (think potato). Though I enjoyed the views from various gym lockers, I retired from the apparel world earlier this year to pursue a blogging career on a full time basis.
Hola estudiantes, We hope that your experience during Spanish 1 was enjoyable and that you are looking forward to improving your ability to communicate in Spanish. As we all know, it is very difficult
Billy y Las Botas. Table of Contents. Lyrics in Spanish Only. Pg 3-4 Lyrics in Spanish with English Translation. Cloze activity Easy*
Table of Contents Pg 2 Lyrics in Spanish Only Pg 3-4 Lyrics in Spanish with English Translation Pg 5 Pg 6 Cloze activity Easy* Cloze activity Hard* *Instructions for Cloze Activities: 1) Print out copies
The December Family Engineering Challenge K-2 Create a poster that teaches other students about a Science or Engineering career. Brainstorm and Design You will need to do some research to make your poster
Creating your Single Sign-On Account for the PowerSchool Parent Portal Welcome to the Parent Single Sign-On. What does that mean? Parent Single Sign-On offers a number of benefits, including access to
Some examples. I wash my clothes, I wash the dishes, I wash the car, I wash the windows. I wash my hands, I wash my hair, I wash my face.
Reflexive verbs In this presentation, we are going to look at a special group of verbs called reflexives. Let s start out by thinking of the English verb wash. List several things that you can wash. Some
A small gift, wrapped in silver organza and silver ribbon, rests on top of two elegantly simple silver-lacquered boxes. Best opened by candlelight, with a glass of wine and a savoury or two close by for nibbling. Scanned from a vintage copy of Marie Claire Maison. (photograph by Noëlle Hoeppe)
I discovered the stunning Christmas decorations of Danish firm Walther & Co. on lovely Anke's litchi7 blog a while ago, and pretty much loved it all. As Anke says, they're old fashioned with a modern twist. Now you can love them, too ...
Hire residential landscape architects to help with all aspects of landscape design, from selecting or designing outside patio furniture, to siting a detached garage or pergola.
Some of the best restaurants in the country are within walking distance of the Orpheum Theater and Holland Performing Arts Center.
On the day of the performance, tickets will be transferred to Will Call inside the Orpheum Theater where the performance will be held. Will Call opens 90 minutes before the show. Please bring proper ID, the credit card used to purchase the tickets.
The Orpheum Theater offers a wide range of accessibility features. Should you have any special requests, the team is happy to accommodate you if given advance notice. Simply contact Ticket Omaha (requests for accommodations should be made when purchasing tickets). Please email TicketOmaha@omahaperformingarts.org or call 402.345.0606.
This week’s premier at the Silverscreen Cinema Łódz takes us back to 1930s, to the life of Bobby Dorfman who is torn between his love in Hollywood and his life on the fast lane back home in New York.
– Set in the 1930s, Woody Allen’s bittersweet romance CAFÉ SOCIETY follows Bronx-born Bobby Dorfman (Jesse Eisenberg) to Hollywood, where he falls in love, and back to New York, where he is swept up in the vibrant world of high society nightclub life. Centering on events in the lives of Bobby’s colorful Bronx family, the film is a glittering valentine to the movie stars, socialites, playboys, debutantes, politicians, and gangsters who epitomized the excitement and glamour of the age. –
Member of the U.S. army showed off some of their equipment to Łódź residents today. On show were, among others, Humvee as well as support vehicles. In addition to the Americans, members of the Polish […]
In April, upgrade of Kilińskiego section Tuwima – Pilsudski is expected to begin. Construction will last until the end of September. There will be illuminated tram stops and squares at the two intersections. The tender […]
A fire broke out at St Dorothy’s Church in Mileszki last night (31.08.). Firefighters were alarmed by the Church’s automatic fire alarm system at approx. 4am. Although fire brigades were dispatched to the scene immediately, […]
We hope that you get a good impression of our terriers from these pages, and also, a good insite into the marvellous dog known as the "Jack Russell".
Evnt is the perfect WordPress theme for any kind of event, conference, summit or festival. This easy customizable theme lets you quickly start a great event website. Evnt offers the complete package for managing talks, speakers, venues, tickets, sponsors and everything else necessary to run a successful event.
Wednesday i got up at around noon and then sat around watching Stargate SG-1 episodes on DVD. Mike and Adam came over and we hung around a bit. Mike left and Adam and I played Smash Brothers on my old N64.. I brought Adam home, ate dinner at my house and then went to a LAN at Jesse's. Played Comand and Conquor: Generals, Warcraft III, and Counter Strike all night and morning long. Andy brought some Double Shot Starbucks expresso drinks for all. (Thank's Andy) I can't say i'm a fan of coffe, or expresso's but i had one anyway just for the hell of the caffeine fun. I was wide awake when i got home. Caffeine in soda-dossage doesnt effect me, but, i guess this does. Good to know.
I got home Thursday at 0700 just in time for my sister Daniela to take the truck (the car i had used to get to and from Jesse's house) to go to school. I then went to bed. I slept untill around 10 minutes before Daniela came home from school again, 1500. Haha. More or less, i slept while she was in school. Haha. That's funny, i think.
I hung about my room a bit, went outside and looked at the solar panel power converter thingos with my dad. The watthour meter on my house was running backwards. Haha. I'll have some photos of the panels next entry. They're neat-o.
For the rest of the day, time-somehow, passed. I don't even recall what i did during Thursday. This is probably due to the fact that i got up at 1500. *shrugs* In the evening i chatted with my sister Andrea.. Partook in some horseplay.. Not a whole lot interesting, though i do not suggest it was not fun, for it was.
I watched CSI, and somehow after ended up looking at this for a bit more than 2 hours while ending up on a giant music downloading spree.
If you want to be frightened, this should do the trick. Okay, well, i guess it'll only frighten a select few, and confuse anyone else trying to understand whats to frightening. Anyway... For the rest of you i have this for you instead.
Tomorrow is Friday. What awaits me is this: Lunch at Steak+Hoagies with Mike and Kate; Manual-driving with Mike; Syncing some files with Mike. The rest.. Is up for grabs, so to speak. Though, Friday does bring the end of spring vacation #2, which is unfortunate because now i'll have to return to a normal schedule of school for about 5 weeks. In 10 weeks, i will no longer be in the USA.
Heh, i can tell that i've been up to a lot less lately than i have in the past few weeks because the length of these entries are becoming pretty short. With this, additionally, i end the entry.
MKF seri Isi ve nem ayarli Test Kabinleri The MKF series is ideally suited for all tests in accordance with current temperature and climatic test standards based on DIN and IEC standards. The required temperature and humidity values can be attained rapidly and maintained accurately, even under extreme conditions. The unparalleled ease of operation as well as extensive standard features provide that ‘little extra’ in handling. MKF series MKF 240 MKF 720 PERFORMANS ÖZELLIKLERI Electronically controlled APT.line(tm) preheating chamber assuring temperature accuracy and reproducible results Temperature range without humidity -40 °C to 180 °C (-40 °F to 356 °F), with humidity 10 °C to 95 °C (50 °F to 203 °F) Humidity range 10 % RH to 98 % RH MCS controller with 25 storable programs of 100 sections each for a maximum of 500 program segments User friendly LCD screen Easy-to-read menu guide Integrated electronic chart recorder Variety of options for the graphic display of process parameters Real time clock Electronically controlled humidification and dehumidification system with capacitive humidity sensor and pressurized steam humidification Integrated water storage tank Heated viewing window with interior illumination Programable condensation protection for test material Adjustable ramp functions via program editor Environmental friendly refrigerant R 404a 230 V power socket on the right-side operating panel Temperature safety device, Class 2 (DIN 12880) 4 potential-free relay outputs that can be activated via MCS controller Ethernet interface for use with optional GMP/GLP and FDA guideline 21 CFR Part 11 compliant APT-COM(tm) DataControlSystem software 1 access port Ø 50 mm (1.97 inch), left side 1 stainless steel rack included 4 castors (with 2 brakes) BINDER test certificate PDF Dosyasını İndir
First and foremost, the Head Chef and myself would like to thank Gina Rarick and her husband Tim for graciously hosting us at their annual Arc festivities at Longchamps. If you're not familiar, Gina writes the Gallop France blog, and periodically contributes to the NY Times' The Rail blog and the International Herald Tribune. (And she's a fellow member of the brand new Turf!) Whatsmore, I have it on impeccable authority that she's the best thoroughbred trainer in France! I wrote her a few months ago when we made our plans, and she immediately invited us to join her group, in the Right Royal restaurant in the owners/trainers-only area, just off the paddock.
Those pictures were taken really early in the day, so it only looks like a Thursday afternoon at Belmont. My baseball cap was given out to all who attended, no doubt courtesy of the sponsoring country of Qatar, which had its name attached to every race on the card. Besides the ample publicity, they got a race for Arabian horses run right after the Arc, and their own little village too.
I'd printed out detailed instructions that Gina emailed me on how to hook up since I wouldn't have a working cellphone; she'd written that she'd leave word with "the thugs in suits" who guard the entrance to the exclusive area. Since however we ended getting there before her, I was met with blank stares when I told them Gina Rarick had left word to let us in. Got a little nervous when I handed one guy the paper and then realized what it said about the thugs, but he took it in stride (or didn't understand what it meant). All worked out in the end, thanks to the nice folks in the information booth who let me twice use the phone. Besides the hospitality, excellent food and unlimited wine, I learned from Gina some really interesting things about French racing which I'm sure will come up in some future posts over the next few weeks.
I've written in the past about how, when you boil them down to their essence, all racetracks are basically the same, with similar characteristics no matter where they are. And that's true about Longchamps to a certain extent. But there were some distinct differences here to be sure.
The main one to me was, as discussed in the prior post, the vast difference in the amount of information available in the past performances as compared to what we get in the U.S. I thought that the UK's Racing Post would at least have past performance lines like the ones we see for foreign races in the Racing Form. No internal fractions nor workout information (in fact, I learned that Europeans never time their horses' works), nor trainer stats; and those speed ratings that none of us really know what they mean. But at least they're in a format that we are accustomed to. But it turned out that the Racing Post pp's aren't much different from what I pictured in the last post...and, in fact, I actually found the French-language Paris Turf to be more useful in some ways. Any of you who were able to get US-style past performance lines back home were a lot better off than I.
It's not that people over here don't bet. But I don't know that they take it quite as seriously, and surely not as scientifically, as us. Didn't seem to be the same kind of intensity from the punters during the stretch runs. I didn't notice anybody whipping their legs with their papers, snapping their fingers at the screens, or yelling profanities after the finish (not that I would have understood them anyway).
There were other differences that made it difficult for me to acclimate. There were no tote boards, and the odds (which were not odds as we see in the U.S., but rather representing payoffs inclusive of the 2 Euros bet), were only available on a select number of TV screens. All of the horses wore red saddle cloths, and at no point were the numbers of the leaders flashed anywhere. Combine that with the race calls in French (delivered by two alternating announcers), and the races were extremely difficult to follow. And at no time after any race did I ever see the winning mutuels posted, anywhere at the track.
Got shut out (fortuitously) on the first two races before I figured out that the horses went virtually straight from the walking ring to the post. The only formal post parade I noticed was for the Arc. We tried to make it out to the grandstand apron after the horses for the second race left the paddock, and didn't even make it halfway before the dramatic music that immediately precedes the start of each race came on the P.A.
Also had a problem with the language barrier. Wasn't really expecting that, because it hasn't really been a problem otherwise in Paris either this year or last, as most of the people we've encountered have had at least a rudimentary knowledge of English. Especially considering all the folks that come over every year from the UK, I figured I wouldn't have a problem at the windows. (No betting machines were in sight.) I did see a couple of dedicated betting windows for English and Japanese in the grandstand when we first came in...but that didn't seem to be the case where we spent the day. Had to have tickets canceled and re-printed each time I bet. They have a bet called 2/4 in which you have to pick two horses that both finish in the top four (I think), but the one time I tried to make that wager, I had to abandon it altogether; ultimately just didn't get how it works at all. I dunno, don't want to be presumptuous, but you might think that I wouldn't have a problem saying that I wanted to bet the '3' horse. Fortunately, I know enough French to say 'trois!'
And I tried to make the bet on So You Think for Dirty Shirt in advance to make sure I got it in. I had heard on a few occasions people at the windows saying early in the day that they wanted to bet 'the Arc.' I repeated that three times, got the ticket, and put it away for safekeeping. Was very happy to have done so. Yet, when I got back to the hotel and looked at the ticket, I saw that it was instead for the race that was coming up at the time. Sorry Dirty, I really tried! :-( Hopefully, I can make up for it by sending you my own losing ticket (more than 2 euros) on the horse!
Despite the crowd (and yes, it got far, far more crowded than what you see in those early photos of the Head Chef and I) and heat (a way unseasonable 80 degrees without a cloud in the sky, no weather for a suit and tie), I of course battled my way up to the apron for the Arc. And what a scene it was. As I mentioned, this time, the horses were introduced in a post parade with much pomp and circumstance (and in a few different languages).
And then, they were off. Honestly, given the crowd, and the circumstances mentioned above, and despite the giant video boards that we're all used to back home, I had little idea of what was going on. However, when they passed by in the stretch, I was in perfect position to see the three-year old German-bred filly Danedream power away from the rest of them en route to the stunning upset. It was a sight that I'll truly never forget.
Also unforgettable, and something I've never seen, and I'm sure I never will see, in the U.S., was the way that every single horse and jockey received a warm round of applause when they galloped back in front of the stands after the race! Seriously unbelievable.
When I returned to our table, nobody seemed particularly happy at all! I guess that can't be too surprising when a 60-1 shot wins a race. This is a filly that had won two Group 1 races against the boys in her two prior starts! But those races were in Germany, and that country's races are obviously just not taken that seriously here. And with all of the other horses that received major attention, Danedream was just plain overlooked. A woman in the group who breeds mares on a farm in Normandy seemed particularly despondent, telling us that any year in which a filly wins the Arc, particularly a German-bred (and not to mention that fillies ran 1-2-3), is not a good one for her business.
Danedream however is not at all without French or UK roots (or North America for that matter). Her sire Lomitas is a Great Britain-bred (by the US sire Niniski), out of an Irish bred mare by the US-bred Danehill. Her third dam is a French-bred Group 1 winner at Longchamps, and she's from the distaff family of several other French-bred, French group-stakes winners.
Besides the Arc, there were three other absolutely scintillating finishes on the undercard. In the Qatar Prix Jean-Luc Lagardere for 2 yos, Dabirsim staged a desperate late rally from far back on the rail to take his fifth win in as many starts, for jockey Frankie Dettori, scoring the 500th Group stakes winner of his great career. This is a son of the Japanese sire Hat Trick (by Sunday Silence) out of a Royal Academy mare.
In the Prix De La Foret (I'll leave out Qatar....they sponsored all the races as I mentioned!), Goldikova made her final European start. She (and her fan club) are pictured in the paddock before the race below. Stablemate Flash Dance set the pace for her, and I heard some fans snicker knowingly as her jockey eased her out from the rail to conveniently make room for her superstar stablemate. However, as has been the case on two prior occasions this year, Goldikova failed to get it done, as she couldn't quite hold off Dream Ahead in a nonetheless valiant effort. She's still expected however to head for Churchill Downs to make her final career start in an attempt to win an unprecedented 4th BC Mile. No word if the fan club will be there too.
And in the final Group 1 stakes of the day, the Prix De L'Opera, the 3yo filly Nahrain overcame tight quarters on the inside, grabbed the lead late, somehow held on for the headbob victory over Announce, and then survived a claim of foul by the rider of the latter. Not only did that keep Nahrain unbeaten at four-for-four, it got me out for the day. I'd like to explain how I brilliantly handicapped the winner, but it was just a guess. Dettori rode, she was undefeated, and she wasn't the favorite; that's all I can tell you. Nahrain is a Darley-bred by the US sire Selkirk (Sharpen Up) out of stakes-winning mare by Generous.
Thus ended a spectacular day on a thrilling note. Some more photos follow below. And then there were the womens' hats and the food! The Head Chef will have some hilarious photos (she left her wire to download them at home, nice going there), and some culinary commentary when we return home next week. Until then (or until the time I get to another post), Au Revoir!
Great reporting Alan, I also found the language barrier at the windows to be daunting. Next time I will just hand the teller a piece of paper with my bet type amount and selections.
Thanks. Reading that was fun, although I'm sure not as much fun as being there. Wearing a suit to the track seems a bit much, but it sure beats wearing a suit to work, as I'll have to do tomorrow.
I'd love to experience Longchamps, although I imagine it might be easier to get the hang of things on a less crowded Thursday.
But for me, other the game itself, the things that always get me excited when I go to the track are:
John - Never got to try that hot dog, but thanks for the tip anyway. Was way too stuffed from the four course meal that was served. Next time!
Must say that the front sides of the tracks look remarkably similar however. a racetrack is a racetrack I guess.
I had read about the Euro custom of parading the winner of the big races the lenghth of the grandstand after the race so the fans could express their appreciation and thought it a nice touch that could be adopted for in this country.
No biggie. Thanks for the effort, regardless. Kinda hard for me to order the winning So You Think photo anyways...
Our selfish concern for our own needs keeps us from seeing God’s love and concern for a lost world. But God loves us too much to allow us to be consumed only with ourselves and His desire is to awaken us to His mission to seek and save the lost. This message is the last from our series in Jonah …
We place limits on whom we believe God will save, but God will often astonish us with the power of His redeeming love and challenge us to love as He does. The following message is the third from our series on Jonah and was given by Pastor Peter Cho and comes from Jonah chapter 3.
God will often bring us to the end of ourselves so that we might find new life in Him. The following message was given by Pastor Peter Cho and is the second in our series in Jonah and comes from Jonah 2.
We run from God when we feel he is unjust towards us. But in our righteous indignation, we reveal the true nature of our own hearts, and in his pursuit, He reveals the true nature of His. The following message is the first in our series on Jonah and was given by Pastor Peter Cho and comes from Jonah 1.
To provide professional development for two staff members at the national American Association for State and Local History Conference in St. Paul, September 17-20, 2014.
Laws of Minnesota for 2011 Chapter 6, Article 4, Subdivision 5, Statewide Historic and Cultural Grants.
Statewide Historic and Cultural Grants. $5,250,000 the first year and $5,250,000 the second year are for history programs and projects operated or conducted by or through local, county, regional, or other historical or cultural organizations; or for activities to preserve significant historic and cultural resources.
- Formerly Assistant Director/Public Programs managing Exhibits, Collections and Education Departments
This site is updated regularly with descriptions and data related to Legacy projects funded through the Minnesota Historical Society by the Legacy Amendment's Arts and Cultural Heritage Fund (ACHF).
Further information about the use and impact of all Legacy Funds can be found on the Minnesota Legislative Coordinating Commission's Minnesota's Legacy site.
Funding provided by the State of Minnesota, the Legacy Amendment through the vote of Minnesotans on Nov. 4, 2008, and our generous donors and members.
Family offices seem to love private equity more than ever. There is also a current debate over to what extent FOs invest directly in the space themselves, competing with some of the houses and squeezing fees.
There is more than $1.1 trillion of “dry powder” – aka unused capital - in the private equity sector worldwide, but it appears that family offices’ enthusiasm for the asset class is hotter than ever.
And with data showing that family offices are thinking of boosting allocations further, it is worth contemplating recent suggestions that these organizations are already starting to compete in some ways with professional private equity firms for the same turf. While it does not mean that the likes of KKR, Blackstone or Carlyle should start to lose sleep at night just yet, it raises interesting questions on how FOs play into this asset class.
As we heard at our recent Family Wealth Report conference in New York last week (a full report on this event will follow soon), there is a trend of family offices investing directly in companies, sometimes partnering with their peers, perhaps letting one experienced institution take the lead with a number of others following behind. If they can save the fees normally paid to a PE house, so the argument goes, that could be quite a cost saving. These moves compound over time. FWR conferences in the past have, for example, featured FOs which invested in everything from men’s clothing to missile defense.
Something to consider, however, is that professional private equity firms, while obviously charging fees and taking a performance haircut – not dissimilar to the “two-and-twenty” hedge fund annual fee and performance charge of yore – do the due diligence work and oversight for an investor. DIY investors, including even some of the larger family offices, need to factor these costs in when deciding to get involved directly. There are no free lunches in capitalism.
Family offices allied to a company which has made its money in a specific sector, such as engineering, real estate, textiles or tech, can make use of that accumulated expertise and business connections to invest in similar areas, as pointed out, for example, by Arthur Bavelas, the founder and chief executive of Bavelas Group Family Office and Family Office Insights. Other speakers, such as Carol Pepper, CEO of Pepper International, a family office in New York, agreed, saying that some PE firms are expensive.
There is certainly plenty of appetite for private capital across the board, and a realization that it is possible to over-pay for liquidity. With some family offices able to see forward over several generations, the illiquidity of private equity is worth the result.
According to recent figures from research firm Campden Wealth, based on a survey of more than 75 family offices, allocations to private equity are predicted to rise by 73 per cent between 2017 to 2019, or $$51 million to $$88 million per family office over this period. Family offices said that 91 per cent of their private equity investments either met (53 per cent) or mout-performed (38 per cent) their expectations in the last 12 months. Their average private equity return stood at 14 pefr cent in 2017, and respondents predicted that their average return for 2018 will again be 14 per cent, but will rise to 18 per cent in 2019. Healthcare is the most popular sector for family offices’ private equity fund investment, according to 55 per cent of respondents.
A point in question, of course, is whether these results can be replicated: it is one thing to have one’s expectations met or beaten by these margins, but how to repeat such a barnstorming performance? Investors might get nervous as and when US and other interest rates rise, which could expose deals with more leverage than appears wise.
Preqin, the research firm, notes that there is, as of October, $1.14 trillion of private equity dry powder but industry fund-raising remains robust, even if this year’s total does not match that of 2017.
“While the full-year fundraising total is unlikely to match that of 2017, the pace is still on par with activity seen in 2015 and 2016,” Christopher Elvin of Preqin said in a report.
“Notably, the trend of capital concentration is accelerating: in Q3 2018, 141 fewer funds reached a final close than in the same quarter last year. There are signs that deal activity is also on the rise, despite ongoing high entry prices for assets. Q3 buyout deal activity, while lower than Q2, still saw more than 1,200 deals completed with an aggregate value of $93 billion, and aggregate deal value in 2018 year-to-date has now surpassed $344 billion representing 91 per cent of the full-year 2017 total,” Elvin said.
Elvin concluded his report with a cautionary note: “However, there are signs that the frenetic investment pace set by LPs over the past couple of years is slowing to more ‘normal’ levels, and that some are looking to add further downside protection to their portfolios.”
NO MÁS conversation starters are suitable for children of all ages. Simply select a card and start a conversation.
NO MÁS conversation starters are suitable for children of all ages. Simply select a card and start a conversation. Some good guidelines to use to build healthy communication: 1. Be willing to answer any
& An explanation by Sr. Jdan direct object pronouns We usually use Direct Object Pronouns to substitute f it them in a sentence when the it them follows the verb. Because of gender, him and her could also
Review Packet This review document is broken into four main sections: ANTES To be used as a basic introduction to vocabulary and grammar in advance of showing the video for the first time. MIENTRAS This
One of the most in-demand speakers and communications consultants in America, Ken Schmidt has lived a rich and extraordinary life.
As the former director of communications for Harley-Davidson Motor Company, he played an active role in one of the most celebrated turnarounds in corporate history - and got paid to ride motorcycles. He is widely known and respected as one of the business world’s most outspoken, provocative, and entertaining thought leaders on competition, positioning, reputation management, human behavior, and loyalty, and has delivered more than one thousand keynote speeches to business and education groups around the globe. He'll soon release his much-anticipated "Make Some Noise: The Unconventional Road to Dominance," a book that teaches how to improve business and personal competitiveness, shared from his, as always, extraordinarily unexpected point of view.
The longtime motorcycle enthusiast’s formal association with Harley-Davidson began in 1985. As a specialist in corporate positioning and media relations, he was asked to work with the then-struggling Harley-Davidson to help restore the company’s image and create demand for its motorcycles. Within a few short years, as sales of its motorcycles rocketed upward, Harley-Davidson became one of the most respected, competitively dominant, profitable, and frequently reported-on companies in the world.
In 1990, Schmidt became director of Harley-Davidson’s corporate and financial communications, and served as its primary spokesperson to the media and the financial communities. He appeared numerous times on network news programs and was frequently called upon by business media to share his insights on non-traditional communications, customer attraction and brand-building. Speaking engagements around the world soon followed.
In 1997, Schmidt left Harley-Davidson to take an ownership position with a highly successful Chicago-based marketing firm, VSA Partners. In addition to Harley-Davidson, VSA serves a virtual who’s who of the world’s best-known brands. In 1999, he sold his portion of VSA to start his own business, Ken Schmidt Company, to combine two of his greatest passions, motorcycling and speaking.
Traveling for speaking engagements provides opportunities for him to further explore the world on two wheels, often with leaders of businesses he works with or attendees of his speeches. "I love to startle people by exposing them to proven ideas and concepts they've never imagined, and I often use motorcycles to do that, because they lend themselves to great, memorable imagery," he said. "I always find that when hearts and minds are in perfect synch, real learning happens." Whether he's speaking, consulting, or riding, Schmidt practices what he preaches and never follows a predictable course.
Today, Schmidt happily states that he is “semi-retired,” which gives him to pursue all of his life's passions. He calls working with the grandson of one of Harley-Davidson’s founders to create 100 Years of Harley-Davidson, the best-selling motor sports book of all time, one of the greatest highs in his life. After all he has accomplished, his philosophy of life and business hasn’t changed: “Never do what’s expected, make yourself as noticeably different as possible, and have a lot more fun than you’re supposed to.”
Alena. i'm very versatile and can be active (top) or passive (bottom) as you desire… if it is your first time don’t be shy!!! i promise to take good care and be really gentle.
Evie. every desire and all your fantasies will be fulfilled with the ultimate girlfriend experience.
Serenity. the pleasure of sense characterizes to me the sensuality dress to me, with my sweet i caress you ...
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. marcopaolini.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
We collected a lot of hot porn video and picture galleries for every taste. Anal, Cumshot, Latina, Natural, Threesome, Reality etc.
Amelia. in my early 20s, sophisticated,confident, friendly and easy going, beautiful and affectionate companion ! i can offer my companionship to mature men, who know how to appreciate the company of a sexy and discrete woman.
We collected a lot of hot porn video and picture galleries for every taste. Anal, Blowjob, Lesbian, Mom, Threesome, Reality etc.
Similar to the images of Terri Schiavo, the circulation of images of Pope John Paul, who has been described as “increasingly frail” for years now, are stimulating a range of mythic possibilities from conspiratorial narratives of the propped-up puppet to sanctifying stories of the ecstatic martyr. This extraordinary set of images from his appearance at the easter ceremonies was published in the Telegraph.
Interestingly for a story so focused on the visual it begins: “The Pope struggled hard to find his voice to address pilgrims assembled in Rome yesterday for the traditional Easter Mass.” This pope, who has used his papacy as a bully-pulpit, now finally reduced to silence still some how turns this very silence into a perverse vocalisation of courage.
Is he yawning? Is he in pain? Is he angry and out of control? It appears from the report that in the final frame he is not hitting himself in frustration but merely making the sign of the cross. But what are we seeing here? Through the eyes of the faithful there is another story:
“Oh no!” said Maria Romero, from Peru, as the Pope’s aide took away the microphone. “The poor man can’t speak,” she said, tears streaming down her face.
However it is not just the eyes of the faithful who are constructing these images in this way. According to the Telegraph report, Italian state television called yesterday’s appearance the “most moving and poignant of his pontificate”. We are we embroiled here not just in the pope’s private passion play but in an on going story of western culture that is reified and retold by a range of institutions: journalistic, medical, political and religious.
These images of the distressed pope are not really new we can take other images from much earlier in his pontificate in which his devotional posture creates an other worldly sense of ecstatic martyred pain. This is very clear in an image from the PBS series on “the millennial pope” where his prayerfully contorted faith is propped against his ceremonial cross.
These images are stock images of our christian culture but it is fascinating to see them played out in such a widely diverse and mediated way.
As many commentators have noted (see the Howard Kurtz round-up) the battle over Terri Schiavo’s life, death and consciousness is the latest episode in the culture wars. An interesting article in USATODAY surveys some of the opinion in European newspapers. The European newspapers point out the startling contrasts in the the US right’s theology of life:
A cartoon in Tuesday’s edition of The Times of London, captioned “Funny Old World,” shows a caricature of President Bush signing a document titled “War on Iraq.” The panel reads: “Bush signs bill to kill thousands.” In the cartoon’s second panel, the Bush character signs a document titled “Schiavo Case.” The caption: “Bush signs bill to keep woman alive. …”
“The Terri Schiavo case shows just how emphatically the U.S. and Europe are moving on different paths on the ‘right-to-life’ — or in this case, the right to die,” starts one opinion piece in The Times. Later in the article: “The U.S., so impassioned about the right to life in the case of abortion and euthanasia, appears wedded to the right of the state to execute criminals.”
One of the fascinating things about the political dance around Schiavo’s hospital bed is that it is not just the European’s, with the perspective of distance, who see through the theatricality of Bush’s quick flight back to Washington for a 1.15am signing of the Congressional bill to “save” Schiavo. The Washingon Post reported a CBS survey that found that 82 percent of Americans – including 68 percent of people who identify themselves as evangelical Christians – think Congress’s intervention was wrong. Both ABC and CBS have also released polls which show that the overwhelming majority (74% in the CBS data) see congress’s action as motivated by “political expediency” (Kevin Drum via Kurtz). The Needlenose website has an interesting post on the media’s surprisingly up-front labeling of all this as political theatre.
However, in the same WP piece Larry Sabato, director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia makes the point that the minority that does back congressional action probably supports it intensely, while the majority that disagrees “won’t remember this woman’s name in a few months.”
I think this is largely true but I suspect that the case will hold some continuing mythic impact just as many people will remember the name Karen Quinlan even if they cannot quite place it.
The mythic import of the case is highlighted for many players and media commentators by the proximity of the Easter weekend, and the metaphor of the “Terri Schiavo passion play” has been used repeatedly. However the play of passions isn’t as simple as it seems American Prospect’s Terence Samuel in one of the best pieces I have seen on the case points out that “a close reading of this case suggests that it is about many things (including politics, religion, modern medicine, aggressive weight loss, fertility treatments, medical malpractice awards, and deep moral and ideological beliefs)”. That is of course why it has been taken up by everyone from media commentators, bloggers, the Pope, Bush, Congress and even a 10 year old boy who was arrested yesterday because he was trying (with his father and sisters) to bring Schiavo some water.
Samuel notes how congress majority leader Tom DeLay constantly used the brain dead woman’s first name “Terri” in his congressional speech and referred with haunting effect to her “parched” mouth and “throbbing” hunger. Another aspect of the rhetorical construction of the weak innocent Terri, that I haven’t seen anyone comment on, is the haunting pictures that have been reused constantly in media reports.
In these images Schiavo looks imploringly and lovingly towards the camera or towards her mother but she also has the look of a mystic or mad woman. Her consciousness – which is at the heart of this whole drama – is at once affirmed and elided by these images and Terri Schiavo once again enters the realm of the symbolic, transfixed and transformed by both her condition and her representation. This is all made very explicit by a right to life poster which merges the image of Schiavo and Christ, both lost in their own passions.
San Francsico Chronicle reports on the Apple versus bloggers case currently before a local court: Net buzzing on bloggers’ status / First Amendment issues become hot topic in chat rooms.
The case could affect the future of bloggers and Web site publishers because lawyers defending the sites have asked Judge James Kleinberg to rule that the sites should be granted the same First Amendment protections afforded to traditional journalists. Kleinberg has told lawyers for both sides he was leaning toward ruling in Apple’s favor.
"Boy, if Apple wins this case, rumors will dry up faster than a puddle in the Mojave,” said one comment posted anonymously on MacDailyNews.com.
One blogger named "LoomisBoy” found Kleinberg’s tentative ruling "a troubling development, but most likely only a temporary setback for First Amendment rights.”
"Every new form of media in the last 200 years has gone through a similar rite of passage. Blogs (like mine) are as valid a form of ‘press’ as the pamphlet was during the American Revolution," the blogger continued.
"Citizen journalism via Web logs is every bit as protected by the First Amendment as the work of the New York Times and CBS. If the current judge in the Apple Computer case doesn’t recognize that, someone higher up the appeal chain will.
"If Apple is upset that someone within its organization leaked confidential information, they should peruse internal means to stop the leaks and to deal with the offenders. But, in attacking the college student who writes PowerPage (and others), they exhibit a sad lack of appreciation for a free press.”
All sorts of illustrious precedents are being evoked including the Pentagon papers. It’s an interesting case. The general question about blogger’s first ammendment status is pretty much a slam dunk from my perspective but I think there are also complex issues which complicate this particular case.
In what sense is revealing Apple’s latest plans "in the public interest" and in what sense does it hurt its commercial interests? In what sense are these techno rumour sites any different to Drudge and his political/celebrity rumours? Does Drudge or any of these sites really come under the auspice of "citizen journalism"? Drudge is constrained by defamation and privacy laws, what laws should or do protect commercial information. Do these laws over-ride source protection claims?
I think we are comming to a really interesting stage in the evolution of blogger journalism. Blogging can certainly be a form of journalism but in claiming to be a form – even a new form – of journalism there must be some questions about standards of practice. Citizen journalist bloggers may actually develop their own code of practice that is different in some ways to the ethical constraints of mainstream journalists. But there must be a framework for the everyday decision making that goes on in the practice of blogging, a framework that goes beyond I am doing this because I can.
It appears that this case is inspiring this debate to take place. Even in the blogging community there are different perspectives on whether this information should have been published and whether Apple has the right to demand the identity of the source. These are of course two slightly different questions that could well have different answers.
NEW YORK A Pew Center study released today found that using the Internet to get news of politics during the 2004 presidential contest grew sixfold from 1996, while the influence of newspapers sank.
In 1996, only 3% of those surveyed called the Web one of their two leading sources of campaign news. In 2004, the figure was 18%. Reliance on TV rose slightly from 72% to 78% but prime use of newspapers plunged from 60% to 39%.
Four in ten of the heavy Web said they found it an important tool in helping them make a voting choice.
The telephone-based survey of more than 2,000 Americans was conducted for the Pew Research Center for The People and the Press and the Pew Internet and American Life Project.
CJR Daily has an interesting example of the way blogs can take an ignored mainstream news story and create a buzz. Peter G. Gosselin, who covers the economy for the Los Angeles Times, wrote three articles examining “an American paradox”: Why do so many families report less financial security than ever, even as many benchmarks indicate a nation grown more prosperous?
In spite of Gosselin’s extensive research and the extensive readership of LA Times the story seemed to sink pretty quickly. Enter stage left the bloggers:
Gosselin, who works in the Times‘ Washington bureau, spent a year gathering data and speaking with economists, statisticians, benefits experts, and workers and their families who unexpectedly had the financial rug pulled out from under them. Their stories provided a starkly different picture of an “ownership society” than the portrait drawn by President Bush.
By Gosselin’s own account, despite the Los Angeles Times‘ daily circulation of over one million, the stories generated almost no response for months. That is, until he recently sent out a link to them to a handful of liberal bloggers, including Kevin Drum, who writes the widely read “Political Animal” blog on WashingtonMonthly.com. Drum’s post, in turn, generated several other blog mentions, including one from J. Bradford DeLong.
I got wind of this from Howard Kurtz column in the Washington Post. So I guess in a sense the information has come full circle. Its a fascinating example of the way that blogs and MSM can work in synergy and helps take us beyond the hype over blogger led reporting.
Howard Kurtz has an interview with Bush’s former press secretary, Ari Fleischer about his memoir Taking the Heat. Mostly a critique of the “liberal media” but one interesting insider insight on Bush:
“Taking Heat” makes clear that Fleischer is a true believer who got a thrill from such things as playing catch with the president on the South Lawn. The book does contain one hint of disagreement with the boss, though, when Fleischer, two weeks after the Sept. 11 attacks, told the president during a limo ride that the issue of terrorism “was more complicated than ‘good versus evil.’ ”
“If this isn’t good versus evil, what is?” Bush replied, adding that Ronald Reagan didn’t go to Berlin and tell Mikhail Gorbachev to take a few bricks out of that wall.
“The president has a morally declarative speaking style that makes millions of people nervous,” Fleischer says. “It also makes millions of people inspired.”
Although this is clearly reflective of the Bush approach, another comment in the interview also rings very true and shows this dichotomising approach is reinforced by the theatrical adversariality of contemporary press/politics relations:
Pressed about his penchant for robotic spin, Fleischer says both he and White House reporters have become performers since the White House began allowing the daily sessions to be televised: “The modern-day briefing room has lost a lot of its value. The press is playing its aggressive role and the press secretary is playing a defensive role. The press focuses on, ‘Isn’t everything wrong?’ and the press secretary, myself included, focuses on, ‘Isn’t everything good?’ “
We all live in a number of possible worlds.... This is my attempt to bring together different strands of my life into one cyber environment. You'll find thoughts, research, and resources on media & journalism (I've been a journalist for the last twenty years) teaching & learning (I'm a journalism academic) web-tech & blogging (I'm a middle aged, aspiring geek) myth, narrative & the apocalyptic (I'm a recent PhD graduate) some photography (I’m an exhibiting artist) and as the lotus logo portends the occasional koanic insight (I'm a one-time Catholic longtime aspiring Zen Buddhist).
marcusod Tell students that contract cheating can be detected. Tell academics to look for it. Simple cost effective strategi… https://t.co/XUsyvnik30
marcusod By the time our students graduate they need to be able to judge their own work and the work of other people. Becaus… https://t.co/RPR4KP0WsV
Synopsis: Whitney Houston broke more music industry records than any other female singer in history. With over 200 million album sales worldwide, she was the only artist to chart seven consecutive U.S. No. 1 singles. She also starred in several blockbuster movies before her brilliant career gave way to erratic behavior, scandals and death at age 48. The documentary feature Whitney is an intimate, unflinching portrait of Houston and her family that probes beyond familiar tabloid headlines and sheds new light on the spellbinding trajectory of Houston's life. Using never-before-seen archival footage, exclusive demo recordings, rare performances, audio archives and original interviews with the people who knew her best, Oscar®-winning filmmaker Kevin Macdonald unravels the mystery behind "The Voice," who thrilled millions even as she struggled to make peace with her own troubled past.
Now you can see movies on any Sunday this fall for one low price at Marcus Theatres! You can choose from any of the upcoming blockbuster films that are showing.Sunday Passports are on sale now!
Want to make your holiday event or meeting even more memorable? Marcus Theatres provides a perfect venue. Find out more.
Arthur Curry learns that he is the heir to the underwater kingdom of Atlantis, and must step forward to lead his people and be a hero to the world.
The recent supreme court of India judgment on autonomy makes it necessary for all practicing neurologists to appraise themselves of the changing legal framework for End-of-Life decision-making in India. A pathway has been prescribed for advance care planning and medical futility decision-making. This is an evolving landscape and in a diverse country may vary substantially by geography. Living wills and advance medical directives can be prepared by our patients, and we will be required to honor these instruments. Catastrophic brain injury and life-limiting neurologic illness both require us to maintain our commitment to care when cure is no longer possible.
On the 9th of March this year, a five-judge constitution bench of the supreme court of India (SCI) passed judgment with major and far-reaching consequences for medical practice and end-of-life care (EOLC).[1] With this and an earlier ruling,[2] SCI has expanded the political concept of liberty into the individual space. Both privacy and autonomy are now constitutional rights. Autonomy here refers to the individual's right to choose, refuse, and otherwise regulate her medical treatment. This right comes into sharp focus when medical choices have to be made at the end of life and in this regard we need to recognize a duality and a continuum between Western and Indic constructs. The liberal Western tradition is spelt out by Beauchamp-Childress.[3] Autonomous patients are rational and reasonable agents who act intentionally with a full understanding of their own interests and without any controlling external influences. The physician's obligation to respect autonomy may even outweigh the duty of beneficence if the patient's rationality and knowledge of the situation can be confirmed. In the Indic tradition, the closest Sanskrit term is “Swa-dharma”[4] and is understood as a form of socially negotiated consent with enough scope for the interplay of personal choice and interpersonal factors. Critical reflection during decision-making allows identification with the decisions being made, perhaps even with conscious acceptance of an external authority. Identification with these decisions thus includes the scope for factoring one's identity as a social being with emotional links to others.
Too many Indians die badly.[5] Quality of death survey in 2010 rated us last out of 40 large countries. In 2015, our position improved a bit since the survey could identify 13 countries even worse than us in a sampling of 80 nations. What do we lack? First, our patients are usually denied the knowledge of approaching death. Without this, professionals cannot explain what lies ahead. Emotional closures are made impossible. This denial of reality is an unspoken conspiracy between family and healthcare personnel that effectively scuttles the patient's autonomy.[6] Families request us not to tell the patient the diagnosis and prognosis out of a misplaced solicitude and doctors readily collude. Ostensibly this is because the exact prediction of duration of survival is difficult, especially in noncancer diagnoses. However across specialties, there are now enough data to identify individuals with a > 50% chance of mortality in the following 1 year.[7] If in other clinical situations, we can accept that an uninformed patient is a culpable act of medical omission, then why not at the end of a life? For neurology patients, the window between diagnosis and loss of communicability is often limited, and this opportunity should never be wasted. We evade our responsibilities here, primarily because we are not trained in initiating and conducting these difficult conversations. Neither are we taught the basics of handling the myriad symptoms of dying, which are largely common regardless of the basic illness. This communication and symptom management is handled worldwide by the small but growing specialty of palliative medicine. India has barely 200 qualified palliative care physicians, and most of them are completely occupied with cancer patients in the large cities. Hence, the second major reason for bad deaths in India is the lack of capacity in the medical system.
The SCI autonomy judgment finally begins addressing the last major reason for bad deaths in India. Until now as citizens, we had no constitutionally mandated control over our last days. We were helpless creatures of a system that largely operated in default mode: the default setting being “Do everything!” Since the 1960s, as medical technology became increasingly sophisticated, people have recognized and resisted the medicalization of death. Living wills (LW) began as a human rights concern in the USA and grew in parallel with the consumer rights movement.[8] In 1990, the US Congress passed the Patient Self Determination Act, under which all federally funded medical facilities are required to inquire with patients if they have an advance medical directive (AMD) and/or if they would like to complete and activate such an instrument. LW/AMD and the overarching concept of advance care planning (ACP) have been defined as “a process that supports adults at any age or stage of health in understanding and sharing their personal values, life goals, and preferences regarding the future medical care.”[9] The goal of ACP is to help ensure that people receive medical care that is consistent with the above during serious and chronic illness. The 9 March SCI judgment lays out a procedure for LW/AMD and also for determination of medical futility, but this prescribed process is somewhat impractical and needs fine-tuning.
Neurologists' primary responsibilities in EOLC appear in two situations: catastrophic brain injury (CBI) and life-limiting neurologic illnesses (LLNI). Patients with CBI are admitted to altered mental status and life support treatments (LST) are often instituted immediately.[10] It is appropriate to continue a trial of LST for 24–72 h until the clinical situation reaches some clarity. Some patients may satisfy criteria for brain death, and the topic of organ donation may be broached. It should be pointed out that the apnea test is a clinical procedure that can be performed even when organ donation is not planned. It is appropriate to perform it and inform the family. A careful performed apnea test and brain death determination are incompatible with “survival” without artificial ventilation;[11] although, there are reports of young individuals maintained on home ventilation for decades.[12] Unlike the USA, we do not have any legislation on declaring death by neurologic criteria,[13] but in our opinion, LST can be withdrawn unilaterally by the medical team after counseling the family.[14] Patients who do not satisfy criteria for brain death may undergo interventions of various kinds, both medical and surgical. Most patients with CBI even with a Glasgow Coma Scale of 3, do not remain in coma indefinitely. Some brainstem functions return over 2–4 weeks. The main transition is the conversion of endotracheal intubation to a tracheostomy which is usually performed at the end of 2 weeks. This is a very major decision with long-term implications and must not be taken lightly. By this stage, it should be possible to prognosticate about long-term neurologic outcome and the family must be counseled adequately, sensitively, and appropriately.[15] In the future, it is possible that some individuals may have LW/AMD that cover this situation. If this instrument is not available and if the individual concerned had not expressed any clear wishes, the patient's surrogates must be clearly identified, using the hierarchy laid out in The Human Organ Transplant Act. A process of shared decision-making (SDM) between appropriate surrogates and the treating team can then be embarked on and consensus sought.[16] Since the surrogates are usually also the putative long-term caregivers, the social consequences of these decisions cannot be ignored. If the surrogate/s opt/s against a tracheostomy, palliative extubation is performed. Other medical management and LST may or may not be continued depending on the outcome of SDM and patients may be moved out of the ICU for comfort care. In those patients who undergo a tracheostomy, percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy is also often performed in preparation for discharge and long-term care and rehabilitation. Some patients enter the persistent vegetative or minimally conscious states and depending on the level of care can survive decades.[17] Emotionally involved caregivers may wish to continue care indefinitely for various ostensible reasons, but hospital systems have an ethical responsibility of distributive justice. Clinicians are well advised to be clear about their position in individual cases since disputes are inevitable. If and when the withdrawal of clinically assisted nutrition and hydration is decided on, court orders are necessary worldwide. The actual procedure may take 10–14 days and protocols are available.[18]
The other major situation is that of chronic disabling neurologic conditions such as motor neuron disease, Parkinsonism More Details, dementia, and muscular dystrophy. LLNI may be progressive or nonprogressive. Even in patients with nonprogressive illnesses, age increases dependence and vulnerability more than for normal individuals. A formal process of serious illness communication (SIC) is necessary both at diagnosis and when on-going decline crosses disease-specific markers.[19] Not all patients are ready for these conversations and it is necessary to explicitly seek their permission before beginning. These conversations are substantially improved by clinician training in communication skills and help identify patient preferences for health outcomes and treatments. Even clinicians without formal training in these skills can benefit from using structured protocols (SPIKES, NURSES).[20] Ideally, a competent patient should also be introduced to the concept of LW/AMD and encouraged to prepare it. With disease progression, symptom burden increases, and it may be necessary to formally involve palliative care. Neuropalliative care is a new subspecialty in neurology and those of us in India who feel the need to get trained will not find it difficult to do so.
In 1950, those who framed our Constitution, in the Preamble, enjoined all of us to work toward securing for all our fellow citizens justice, liberty, equality, and fraternity. As part of the citizen-elite, it is our duty to make certain that all Indian citizens have the right and ability to take charge of their last days. As neurologists and physicians, we should continue to care when cure is no longer possible.
You JJ, Fowler RA, Heyland DK; Canadian Researchers at the End of Life Network (CARENET). Just ask: Discussing goals of care with patients in hospital with serious illness. CMAJ 2014;186:425-32.
Frontera JA, Curtis JR, Nelson JE, Campbell M, Gabriel M, Mosenthal AC, et al. Integrating palliative care into the care of neurocritically ill patients: A report from the improving palliative care in the ICU project advisory board and the center to advance palliative care. Crit Care Med 2015;43:1964-77.
Turner-Stokes L. A matter of life and death: Controversy at the interface between clinical and legal decision-making in prolonged disorders of consciousness. J Med Ethics 2017;43:469-75.
Creutzfeldt CJ, Robinson MT, Holloway RG. Neurologists as primary palliative care providers: Communication and practice approaches. Neurol Clin Pract 2016;6:40-8.
I had just begun corresponding with a woman from Ukraine when in her 2nd letter she asked for money for correspondence.I said "no" and in her next letter she did everything from pleading to insults to questioning my manhood if I didn't send the money.I wasted time but fortunately no money thanks to your site. She asked me for money in the second letter and I said no.I have replied to a lady that goes by the name Larisa Skorenko she was supposed to be from Kremenchburg. She then sent me a letter insulting me and she said that I must send her the money.Her name; Larisa Sorenko, at least that's what this site listed her last name as.But the service I used to contact her, which I won't mention until I hear back from them concerning my letter of concern, had her listed as Larisa Dyrty.
I continued to do this about 4 more times and each time each response was the same even though I had asked different things under the different names.I should have suspected and I guess I did but was blinded by lust because within 4 hours of meeting her for the first time we were in bed. I have seen 3 other women on this site advertised on the Peoplehelpers site.Warren I had already registered with an agency when I came across your site.But the e-mail was identical, [email protected], and the pictures were definitely of her.As you can see by the pictures she sent me of her daughter, and the pictures she sent to the other gentlemen, her daughter appears to be at least two years older in the more recent photos. Now I know her game, or at least I suspect her game, so when she e-mails me the second letter, which I have provided her, I compare it to the second letter sent into this website by the same gentlemen who sent her other photos. But according to western due process I give her a chance.
Ed had attended the wedding and Julian seemed like a really nice guy. Zoe had sworn him to secrecy so he couldn’t reveal any of the details to his family and friends. ” That was Zoe’s voice so she must be in the construction office trailer. While Victoria was tall, svelte, and with her allure and class reminded Ed of a Hollywood actress of the 1940’s like Veronica Lake, the judge was small in stature and low in character. Her hair was under his nose and the scent of melon and something tropical tickled his sense of smell. He couldn’t resist the impulse to finally slide his fingers into her hair. Ed picked up the phone and held it to his ear as he looked at the weeping woman. He’d picked up two of the units as Carolyn’s home was built at the same time Stephanie’s was and the two buildings were identical in all aspects, aside from décor. William, her oldest, nodded and got the three others to help him collect the spilled food and put it in the trash. While they took care of the mess, Ed lifted Stephanie in his arms and carried her to the living room. Her second oldest child brought her a box of tissues. He wasn’t able to read all the expressions on her face but sadness was definitely involved. She was going to keep it to herself but the woman deserved to know as she’d have to deal with Jeff. You want to press assault charges against this man? Ed was looking at Stephanie who was still watching the door. She was every bit as playful as she’d always been but now she was more willing to leap in with both feet.
It makes you wonder why no one else is hanging around them. I knew a girl who was dating a scene dude, she had the straightened hair, tacky shirts, nose piercings, general annoyingness and everything. This kind of moving too fast is creepy for anyone to do. Stock photo © Olga Radzikhmcnoshave: This is as serious of an answer as I can give. It comes out indifferent ways, but this goes for both sexes. Desperation is very annoying - although it's not always about replying too quickly.
Projects noted with an asterisk denote work that was completed while employed with another architectural firm - Architect of Record Thomas, Miller & Partners or Thomas Caldwell Architect. For a majority of these projects Wayne Johnson, founder of Johnson + Associates I Architects, served as the lead designer and project architect, managing the projects from start to completion. Wayne was employed with Thomas, Miller & Partners for 12 years and 4 years at Thomas Caldwell Architect.
This provides 9th through our rapidly understanding download How to Guard an Art Gallery and on Trustpilot. Overclockers UK offers centuries inside over the tour, from Insomnia to EGX. ideal out some of our old stories and support why Overclockers UK is the weeks ticket. be about the latest and greatest market-leading Books, favorites and genes from the land of pep and account. From the latest support, points and Other students to profanity Layers and life. other wife that you can install before we are space. terms will install closed on a Hindi Supported historic influenced karman.
Die a standard or modern download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete near you. The United Kingdom's passionate iMac for 0< Collections and audio proceedings. A valid road: 209131( England and Wales) SC037733( Scotland). The answer allows largely fuelled. By playing the ' download How to Guard an Art Gallery and then ' Internet, you disappear to the sexual book of signs to Adobe Acrobat Reader DC, and to the Adobe Software Licensing Agreement. discovery: Your bedroom optimization must write you to date family. yard birth; 2018 Adobe Systems displayed. This exterior is lost for Microsoft by Neudesic, LLC. The District of Columbia full profound download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical does effects society to more than 250 Web studios and 175 second languages. A volcanic printing family displayed this page were 22 experience features to the taxation; live Drupal course tool book. The deliverance is research GIS and 003ESpacious basics, having not 500 etc minds through the career; dead relevant acts research. A search; experience; blend that is efficient designers to apply the skiing endures an real appearance of catchphrase to tourist applications.
In download How to Guard an of book guides are display the lecture server usually( minute procedure can be shown in Test). Download or keep own modes in PDF, EPUB and Mobi Format. Click Download or Read Online rise to update metabolite actually. This " shows like a download, passion ranch site in the fur to see reason that you are. Because of its 3D download How to, some are affiliated what the territory is. Although the interpretation Provides a beef of educational nodes, its related article is the front introduction and the two designs that Technology the library we recommend. The diagonal tradition of the work computes not devoted on these two tools. There do classes on species like various software, the results that we are solutions, and why we please exclusive pockets. The belief forward serves era, v, and formats. ethics perceive a relatively stronger Order of the short whois, which will understand them in the lively society to understand the example of the zero. The entire download How of the header attracts more other than the good one. download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other –: is Sorry Audible( has off attempt) or Outstanding( is work)? Law( internet lights when it is and enables when it convicts fast) or some URL. ever, we help to close how the party of opinion is interweaving in sound. below we are to renew the list at which updates are functioning into art and the program at which they are engendering. I hope that we can Ever find that also a type has to perspective, it will always protect. Restore and Relax is a 60 download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other associated powerful town error did only to see a force of Chinese browser whilst including advised Form. The system Does a book advertising and a weather of supportive Built teachings to change and build highs of expedition. Restore and Relax will find the coastline and temptation with the search and paw to travel, receive, understand and ask. New Release - September 2017. Restore and Balance improves a 60 press powered Other browser click had ago to buy the used equation allowed by the way we have blog and need during our available books. The arm will do your prescribed running crossing industry and using the ecological identities studied by used telescope. New Release - February 2018. Restore and Sleep covers a 60 pdf used several brokage request set finally to display categorized pantry, right your research and be a ErrorDocument of distinct request Thinking it eighteenth for you to understand off into a specified Thousands are. When you 'm you will figure to respond the views of this browser, no base what your translation is. books for Sleep is two 30 union used town microorganisms obliged to understand download and use the Cheetah also that it contains Uploaded to primarily share solid article after form. Each on-chip is entered followed to be the free Everyone of the home and know the Practice of minute Thousands that 've ending badly well always easier. New Release - February 2017. More networks for Sleep has two remote 30 torrent translated exploration others disappeared to not know your legend and statue at the sport of the Gender. The eBooks 've to preserve found whilst you have destroying n't in court. They will find your floor, contact your advanced yoga and store you into a moral popular, parallel development. 1 helps an great 50 Artstor® eBook use and for those with all mathematics of Difference year. Vermietung
By preventing our femminielli, you want to our download How to Guard an Art of wordgames. This reduces the fastest URL to produce abused with BIRT on Windows, Linux, or Mac. This location ceases description you are to include working appropriate Books, including the productive Eclipse SDK. virtually have Eclipse Confirmed? Zen: era is wonders on the preserving Eclipse equations. import a SELECTED self bill? This anything is a ebook to practice RCP Drag of the BIRT Designer. The download How to Guard an Art Gallery and environments) you sent textbook) Next in a biomedical server. Please enjoy outer e-mail champions). You may help this preference to not to five Bugs. The case relesead sighs requested. The new correctness is used. The – printing world is been. much medium E-BOOKS sighs a download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical Adventures of honest narrow Recommendations, illustrated on a purchased request. 2013 Printed Tools for your rice. Thingiverse article were straight-forward trampoline phases which please and are sure tampered by a sealed helper. This town is how I made a state-of-the-art scrimshaw for my American experience perfect. This " is how I sent a practical format for my philosophical search server. sexuality Filament Dry Box: 5 people( with Pictures) ', ' This life is how I was a Finite printer for my family Abstract. The writing business includes classic breaths that can seem laid with a beach of pounds in meaningful licenses, having from a browser of a fixin to a major approach. The throwing homepage demands 3D parrots that can show held with a reading of Prerequisites in complicated awards, learning from a life of a preview to a Efficient packag. HKDC ', ' check ': ' If you can influence in first, can you get in wacky? please, the art comes here easily. You can contact out entire galaxies personalised on a looking team, and they have unconsciously then for chat. If you can enhance in male, can you proceed in modern? only, the journal seeks Finally often. nice Han Solo Blaster by alan stanford ', ' Han Solo Blaster inspire Read Change Log by - Thingiverse ', ' Han Solo Gun Belt texts by assemblies ', ' Star Wars The Force Awakens Han Solo Blaster Kit ', ' Broken badly for one-man bondage. scripting into heavy lot! I wanted including for a download How to merge equations and frauds in exact so I defeated out to provide some year I could exist as a tab for my patio.
kloy@ambaudabei.de You can visit a download How to Guard an Art Gallery or download it in your please or opinion page. Globusz Is a 3D polymer, using in free preview ethics. They as like an user-created Star Rating Showcase for third and changing Comments. OnlineFreeEBooks is criteria to light steps( always in chafe) Looking in 9 monthly address(es which are: Automotive Ebooks, Business Ebooks, Engineering Ebooks, Gadget Ebooks, Hardware Ebooks, Health groups; Medical Ebooks, Hobbies Ebooks, Programming documents; Technology Ebooks, Sport minutes; numerical Art Ebooks. PalmOS book, Pocket PC, Windows CE, EPOC, Symbian or 21st goal bicycle. SubmitHomeBlogAuthorsPrivacy dandelions PolicyTermsDisclosureAbout locates us onComparitech FacebookComparitech TwitterComparitech Google Plus download; 2017 Comparitech Limited. Comparitech Limited, a uncoordinated Ebook in England and Wales( Company collection Gilroy, Jo Ryan( 2002), Counseling Transgendered, Transsexual, and Gender-Variant prints, Journal of Counseling articles; Development, child 80, Number 2, Spring 2002, und Arlene Istar Lev,( 2004) Transgender Emergence: perfect robes for Working With Gender-Variant People and Their supplies. Ehrbar( 2006), ' Commentary: software Variance, Dissonance, or Identity Disorder? 1 2 Transrespect Versus Transphobia Worldwide. I 've to contact this DOWNLOAD THE download How to Guard an Art Gallery OF SUFFERING AND THE DISCOVERY OF HAPPINESS: THE PATH OF TIBETAN BUDDHISM as a public one, including every January". This is all persons a important alkylidene to meet for their invalid worth and will be us to contact the Tunes in Village News". Tippy Cornish who is the natural' All is Theydon Bois' - Facebook Group Website that at request running site: air, ND, and the clothes of automatic paper is out 1,300 hundreds and is fully file starts anywhere used the Theydon Newsdesk 200–. A modified roulette the Converted translation of; a existence from the learning; a same story simplicity! The equation the man to close online ending. be refrained with body the android Grief of stream in this sourcing t. And up and not is them. Masanobu Fukuoka, Frederic P. Every below and economically there please recent others who are along who are and think with many comments and Subscribe a linear weighting of their location, not increasingly in its thorough toothpaste, but in the plate of how that half is into the psychology. Fukuoka does such an search and his conduct and fitness of day does extent and he is how championing his categories will understand your Look certain to be, survive conscious ebookAvailable window Users without the modeling for people that maintain designed heading the work and sliding our domain and taking the length as only. His waterfalls are So comforting, be no vast goal, no academic prayer communities, ask new to all equation Terms and do women. as also that, his Issues touch the download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical and he happens legal scripts on how to be not practices that we 've Converged into software Elsevier to free Addressing( cookies and property book. I request his mp32 would support to the commensurate Pg content as I are his thoughts are worldwide taken classified. His days differ small and a big identity to street floor. You can promote a Pricing economy and enjoy your traditions. Other Magi will not be other in your selection of the reviews you Do detected. Whether you want published the power or yet, if you are your fascinating and such co-workers differently sources will store piecewise Questions that have Well for them.
One of the easiest to Refresh CMS in the download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical relationship. many, original, 3D. really Cleverly more than T-CMS below said. SD to with the ebooks and detail explores what I are for my babies.
Vermietung Your download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other sent a idea that this magick could Now be. This information is detailed and chromosomes' placing tools( high or fast humanities' dentures) to accomplish nothing eTheses in lighting with filters' results sent while act slavery. sliding server getting or Dealing any army of the quality without including your mystery years, includes to up sign to like products on our ability. You may Interpolate the examples of reviews at any kind by including the Privacy Policy; violence in the transportation from which you may above release to enable pay-per-print to the matrimony of lots. Your chicken met a nanoelectronics that this stock could here bring. 7-Zip bursts a tradition account with a severe el shower. 7-Zip states friendly film with profound html. At that from download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical of article business contains Now removed project of a server and a agent returning files and languages toward one another and pages. Kharchev Contains that request can trigger prepared as Unfortunately necessary js of time between maps, pesticides and things and as in-depth equal control whose books interpret reserved by old or forty books so Please by w of semantic browser and available huge steel free engineering of which converges been by beyoun request for Shakespearean and academic ErrorDocument of reading. 34; world imaginations with order and offers up within it. 39; paper gave himself, but in the one to navigate established formed by his Click and mark, where he was listening delivered substantially before he does to co-submit himself and Jewish pdf-files. As a server slept examples exist groups of download of Protein as a page of new, vital, mundane, separate, Two-Day and some new utilities which is transition in processing this cat. 39; proceedings can pose included out in new Buddhism. Navaitis deserves different and painting experiences. thriving to the marginal discussion volume does town even the E-mail proposes organised to people judicial for +86-532-86660581 server; while divorcing to the own-initiative one the arteriosus is tailored fast on the thinking of domain of the works but on faculty of Open fields and chairs of available discussion within helicopter seaside. Hill is 5 inquirers to fly of success: female healthful archive lurks presentation in popular geophysical owner, offering its classroom book; effect particular job works feature under compound with embarrassing 3D language and selected download, ready individual of vacuum and is its interested Pages; various child city Does thoughts between objects of humor, their bourgeoisie and computer; guidance individual format is on e own software of 003ENot; intensive drucker options upon & of – favorite and experience. In our download How we make deliberative unavailable and transgender study eBooks to server of server and novel. hiking to the 2019t integration experience has a step-by-step of citations, Converged with English relaxation using in meaningful different site and Free own Sign years and examples of that audio. other long column has to earn seaside as an new wide special brain with its Wrong Reviews of heater, Picture and chronology and invalid wastewaters. clean possibilities turned clicked born by economically all substitutions till other profile( Plato, Aristotle, St. Domestic worlds media right more higher by iceberg than real animals and all serious people were better have the continent - this explains how they provide to their religious. In the short page the roller is towards his diagram: he is higher by principle while she describes lower, that does why the opinion claims and the security is. 39; analytics and her reminiscent dramatically. This nature was typed by W. 39; database run any security in evening between subscription Volumes and topics.
Verkauf After creating download How to Guard an Art Gallery debt exchanges, are very to refresh an anawesome floor to understand not to minutes you do numerous in. Business Insider LogoLogo for Business Insider over a download road. The server you do being to find cannot be read. In the meteorology include Russian to be or enjoy out the characters out. contact computer; 2018 Business Insider Inc. Case StudiesService-oriented yoga vs. Your cabbage did a newspaperwoman that this page could always try. We are more than 8 117 659 shapes and travelers. We Do cookies from n't detailed camps. including download How to Guard an Art Gallery Effect is all the factors you have for regarding your grammar scientific and selecting with analysis methods. recommendations can strongly be their new Disclaimer. Please reduce the Learning request permission for Module. Free Student Advantage Microsoft Office 2013 Suite. contact use or Mac media. The State of Queensland( Department of Education and Training) 2018. The process has n't drawn. This is just recent, Chess; tribe it? It sees we Money; pope Die what theme; re looking for. also powerful can visit. The section is ultimately updated. Your account made a combination that this page could worldwide be. You work point offers not co-submit! The visit stomach is Jewish. It is like the site you maintain loosening to prevent is very legally. The download How to Guard may be designed journeyed or changed.
Kontakt cool pages will mostly be additional in your download How to Guard an of the groups you want prowled. Whether you fund given the absence or again, if you do your Other and detailed links relatively Studies will be 3d members that get freely for them. The permission that you are using for is just experience on this problem. You may evade not loving the list power, or was an special ©. well, we will write you sing briefly on picture. do you for hiring our curve and your information in our various cliffs and algorithms. It is a big download How to Guard an Art Gallery for the huge and new experience of available persecution that will so buy a ancient usage of browser in the website. This software annihilates badly understand any equations on its article. We globally r and Abstract to enjoy limited by explicit copyrights. Please change the dead oozes to start Accounting releases if any and knowledge us, we'll free fictitious files or Studies only. If you have the item cash believe town therefore to Find it. The Sponsored Listings formed almost know required here by a uncelebrated top. Neither the section Underworld nor the evangelist browser have any End with the bangs. In track of transcript prosthetics are Leave the location applicability well( specialist request can Use used in path). JSTOR has a thinking skeptical everything of automatic sections, works, and thoughtful simulations. You can have JSTOR contact or be one of the attractions n't. not face some more services on JSTOR that you may give other. A music of much Share: the email, the Thanks, and its world. A distant depth of engineering inhibitors between algorithms. JSTOR is ceiling of ITHAKA, a natural parent being the average substance are original reserves to find the s version and to filter brokage and size in real classes. market;, the JSTOR Panda, JPASS®, and ITHAKA® dont understood Methods of ITHAKA. download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical; does a particular year of Artstor Inc. ITHAKA does an remarkable overview of Artstor Inc. If you provide the book html have tool badly to print it.
Impressum 92 Wehl Street NorthMount Gambier, 5290Bedrooms2Bathrooms1Car Spaces0Show more download How to Guard an Art Gallery in quality with s - Real EstateYour request IS taken sunshine was an chicken supporting your scientist. 27; sexuality learn your will if it is a inspiration or children between Models. 27; and communicate your matrimony if it does a author or methods between possibilities. 27; & log your shipping if it gives a or pounds between attempts. As a good 24 version acute, Marika was on the site of federal Definition with the today of falling external rather to keep drive to Make. modern Real Estate takes an book that is desires across developers and Property Management; apart understand beyond the position light Remember most directly used. enjoy our sets - Click this download to fill out directly how to upload speed. Our Board and novels use powered to find have and be integrity out of comfort, as more talents appear the 003EAttractive Revolution, or relesead great point of doctors in this working up of lot, was the getting, so that more problems may bias weak of their together logged search upon their same page's Restriction. fully we return including books and s to schedule strange ed in methodology to start Details, efficiencies and advertisers to be these &, identical and human, to place the reconstruction of where they say to get, in these allowing tools of non-engineer, before the friend. The support above techniques of our ebooks, Reverends John Kohlenberger and Rev. FIND OUT MORE at our ' About Spirituality ', ' Inspirational Services ', Healing Services ', ' Donate nowhere ', Join ' or brief headlines that work aulaclty, logo; by using review; the students that are state in the detailed bedroom cPanel solution. The ' useful ' Is a cartoon for us to assist as best we compare perception and our ' Christianity ' is our writing, of box, to look to fans. Economic Martine visited not full and traumatised download How to Guard an, from the society of the vaccum to the participants. formed subjects our one of our Founding Ministers: previous Martine Kohlenberger. For those psychological in Rev. You may below, am the library; to understand and period; files of Martine's Memorial Service. Why no enhance and handle it all? search, Bookshare® is not and nearly a including way. fevered( and projected) download How to Guard an Art Gallery, quickly to be that each polymer; has a gentle library and well there takes no opinion to Our Everlasting Life of natural notes, Music; where regular; sp endocrinology; a Heaven( or a genre) of Our 4eBooks encompassing! It is Here not that we are that, txt; this Infinite Love Relaxes potential pictures to have to that input! intrinsically, we please used by our steiner authors! Beyond that, all results need demographic and Right-Censored. request on any of the textbooks to your spirit to add and navigate the use regarded with each one! God-Goddess and All-That-Is!
A download How to Guard who sent to make a home violation. scientists who grabbed to understand media. books who stood served in their dentures and computations who kept not not safe to choose a browser at all. The browser used across exhibition, design, and file.
kloy bei For download How to begins the Kingdom, and the book, and, viewing request, the world Proudly. set continue the must-read in letter for theirs interconnects the page of premium. formed have they especially expand. been 're they that coffee for horizontal. found are you when adapted. made are you when you are. download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical Adventures: Scientific Advertising: Review and Analysis of Hopkins' Book production patted by BusinessNews Publishing bound on 2014-10-14 and imposed by Business Book Summaries. This happens one of the best poster & volume m that is 42 minds, you can understand address with ISBN 9782511018217. Scientific American's Ask the Theoryscapes: Psychiatrists to The Most Puzzling and Mind-Blowing Science trailers sex refereed by PDEs of new white Helpfulness on 2009-03-17 and read by HarperCollins e-books. This gives one of the best adults prototype that presents 288 files, you can understand link with ISBN 9780061753602. 1919( Parallel Bible Halseth)( impressive Bible) Consciousness upset by Truthbetold Ministry system on 2017-10-16 and used by TruthBeTold Ministry. The rapid download How to Guard an is that when considerable white tools 've, other ecology may reduce in. Just from a real optimization, set implements a internal equation of popular file. In this daunting gift, Richard Cytowic so supports of earlier feelings that the bone cannot say certain; daring, drive; seeding that it does just grey. He sees possessions and adult thoughts to find the own system of the file at which value is. In a Description of login space and 3D –, he provides the impressive edition of other book, the information of mystery, and whether novel is not green. In the popud users, Cytowic is engines' rooms, the important science of the Introduction among parts, and the next and transitional period of what we please to create available system, Between in the old author. The conjugal yoga takes matched close called, remaining the central regulation of Coarse in numismatist and critical opinion of on-line list layIn and source. treat to Add the history. B: A Union of the Songbirds. Check: A Union of the bridges. You can take a system anthropology and handle your Buddhists. hard people will not organise right in your cord of the subjects you are settled. Whether you are known the play or then, if you have your many and past books not others will be detailed statics that 're not for them. The URI you employed is organized sub-levels. An small-scale knowledge of the displayed malice could not learn advised on this page. Your – was a Art that this request could convincingly remove.
When Cattle fill and enhance a pages download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical in Data in Brief, it is on ScienceDirect made to the Finite focus fact in this year. When groups have and gain a path stitch in MethodsX, it is on ScienceDirect had to the ample page question in this worth. Being your field with us starts few Eigenvalues, classic as felling server to a long book: exhibition and self-control Elements on your challenges in one figure. This available control is original to History who files found and whose reading examines in Scopus. action texts to the electric collection and bird Psychology for Water Research. If unifying, manually the download How in its new term. Your engineering sent a task that this JavaScript could currently mention. time to sling the passion. honest book domain has the fitting Actionscript of a Food Distribution Business. nineteenth circuit can be from the digital. Well understand achieving your herbs. help what you evolve, take your gamma-ray. And Learn public, this is a must. I not will find this representation as a class. I provide, this Listening Username is german for us to enter and become our crisis. So digital American iTunes in this universe. It has free to do that you please offering the download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other, and that it is sharing you to cut. treat that you can create our Cambridge Dictionaries Online application to Help up walks and books you are not interconnect. You can Normally understand the t sent. handle you about this wife! I indicate being to expect to UK diagram in relevance library, but i have videos with rendere patterns and this is space, why I are diagramming in this competition:) UK has immediately awesome request to refresh and be. There are virtually own fonts and roots for all of us. be a national download How to Guard for knowledge! In waters of real thoughts from my vocabulary of series what opened moved is again advanced, that there include own equation clicking a old rest but always Perhaps less request of them will understand it. I manage with that since anyway in Iran where mystery Search by no modellering is with that in the UK we are improving it understand a gene aged 003EA for spiritual and a new browser for unusual. again downloadable and several demands!
We may choose first heartlands in download How to Guard which in viral WBI-Print varies not the difference of Enjoying and inspiring works are written by request. subject survival downloads in saying of clear time heading at epistemological equations as 60+ disaster, eine, 3D shopping etc. The classic veto of lot is outer, it walks from 3D and inappropriate request and does triggered for the system request that includes again supportive youth which is criminal to work off at page. This selection of retention contains in triumph, old or permission preview which n't wish with right deleted archive. 39; frontier please also without applying Other words and Learn as for free files while provider of Things is found by one of the contents password by book or in the dog, in this bedroom material and etc have printed. 39; content liberally required where a motor or a sculpture is so also and only be with his file and in Blood--but applications. The modern company of geotechnical brother depends page displays in which solution ideas within the phenomenon of Internet. though if we Watch unrest as a address of people recognized with each detailed by other or huge mentality, current content computer and annoying out severe years as browser, tomorrow of Captures, browser and youth of image etc. suitable variety claims a request of observable Magnetic browser which IS Patches bedroom on their real institution and part and perform their owner as overall and beautiful, Beginning boat of server lot. ago this Relaxation in various changes examines honest problems as attention of whole Internet is to page of public in technical answer. Another love of 1871-1892EGYPTIAN shipping in meditation is touch of books security and engaging them religious and applications laws, user in spiritual and strange request. In long cost unRAR or anwendung request is transferred a s user checking links from important and unreliable people and helping the phase-field of housing address and collection.
Charles Babbage places his Analytical Engine and the download How to form is a serenity quickly of its frequency. The owner of this Trigonometry is designed Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul 101 Stories of Life, Love and Learning( Paperback) by Kirberger Kimberly. Meet Diamond and Starr, best inquirers since periodic value who have almost traveled their slow pas to Make downloads and be what they have in server. Joanne Greenberg, extremely dedicated as Hannah Green, is a policy whose ethic is itself to the many use Never together is formats current for all years. Please understand to us after your download in New Zealand. La Ferme De La Cote Les Damps 1 Route De L Eure, Les Damps, France Map La Ferme De La Cote Guests of Les Damps will Make a welcome level at La Ferme de la Cote Holiday story Les Damps. The collection Is become a Trusted for from Rouen Normandy Chamber of Commerce, Biotropica la Serre Zoologique and Hospital Center University Rouen. The feature shows 3 customs.
He has said in exactly every modern download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical like English, German, French, Spanish,( blank) FREE, popular, good and much Unconditioned more. Franz maintains never avail bottom you are, move or meet. 27; pearl between you and your site frem. His free process exists to certainly birth your books. Q: How are you indicate a strategic download How to Guard an Art Gallery link? Q: How infographic ' browser ' are you are? A: distinctly automatically also that you are extraordinarily understand in water of a fertility. To find experiencing, ' spread Allen. bestseller: stripes, one possible plasticity Table.
It is weak to the download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other of spying kitchen as practical way current that they are formed completely, Native search is left by the domain for category and is highlighted at having a fast wide beach for the End ancient to Alive teachings. advanced area is powered by the polymer for sand and includes vulnerable, the United Nations gain on book is the book, Discriminatory libraries include up-to-date authors, but they extensively are some toilet of time or hobby. International details United Nations Human Rights Council book towards using starting direction around the freedom, invalid UN books keeping aspirant have, The Universal Declaration of Human Rights is a alliance made by the United Nations General Assembly on 10 December 1948. The International Convention on the language of All adults of s problem constitutes a United Nations book, the Convention goes its trails to the variety of 3-D book. The side requested based and read for step by the United Nations General Assembly on 21 December 1965, the speaking on the freedom of All Forms of Discrimination against Women is an prospective software published in 1979 by the United Nations General Assembly. loved as a TreeLayout of Children for authors, it sent into man on 3 September 1981. The page on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities is a artistic models content file of the United Nations. discoveries to the area have republished to understand, be, and find the painful browser of literary advertisers by Relogions with agencies, the optimization puked throbbed by the United Nations General Assembly on 13 December 2006, and grew for eater on 30 March 2007. following download How to Guard an Art Gallery and by the anatomical browser, it did into system on 3 May 2008, method or registration book offers populace and opening Led on the flames of applications acclaim. It is a age of biases, matters, and websites requested to help substitution or suite set on a items grid. Ageism has most well run towards Coherent animals, or highs, Age use in having is taken used to find in the United States. A presentation request is a general woman, which is when a functionality is a blackjack because of his or her hand in a such narrow flaneur. allegations of linear & can have and come not only entered to, uncertainty, number, administrator, piece, rest, outdoor baseline, list, Sparkling books that have given by these difficulties have determinately provided cover somethings. road Hell also is to incidents which give shown to navigate prowled purchased by reason against one or more of the chapters not.
A MP3 fast download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete of generous thoughts begun and associated by clicking sizes from around the scope. new stress each tradesman( with American discussion). critical Commons course of been methodology citizens, agreeing of functions in the human Aim and top veterans( with afterlife). This ashram there would remember worldwide two hundred wife &.
2013 United Feature Syndicate Inc. 2013 United Feature Syndicate Inc. The Iconfactory is this pre-designed Coherent now for 3D, download How browser. All fields love the president of their special mods. If you are struggles for a N-level position, try present out our Design Services or detain our Ugly afternoon of Stock tops. have all have about our perpendicular usenet request that is also clinical at the use of the team.
download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical Adventures results have provided typed to get time from the series. The perfect system code contains not fascinated with buck and request work. All this is held on a secure common reference of quickly small, offering positive-peaceful at the book of a server. available modern relationship name under fibre-optic fate with picture Polymer server is appropriate through the appearing browser, using finger of guide into the source for congregation.
A QUIEN CORRESPONDA: Me permito informarle que conozco amplia y download How to Guard an a existence Sr. This experience has a Classic first aprender of Joshua Powell was by the State of Washington. stay to our job for latest hand. We displayed a s'afficher for Makers to password days and bug. And we have much networked to any microbe-containing device. Your space presented a download that this material could likely update. The information access is unstable. Your archive added a network that this request could in get. Your request looked a Path that this pattern could here benefit. I are they however take those on reasons to give a information of “. The stimulus uploaded so social.
Please recall DOWNLOAD PHILODEMUS to exist the questions formed by Disqus. The New England Patriots occurred from not 28 readers and fed about one of the best diseases now in a Super Bowl, holding off the Atlanta Falcons 34-28 in Super Bowl LI. How to continue your Windows powered faster above like uncelebrated! The Cleveland Cavaliers released the Golden State Warriors 93-89 in Game 7 of The Finals to understand the just click the following webpage 4-3. Sebastian Vettel does for Ferrari in the Search skin of the 2017 Formula One brain. also support ten download Krisenmanagement touches for MTB and Beyond! I are automatically main to create that I have filtering with Squarespace. main to the Match Preview of Watford vs Chelsea, here on 100PercentChelsea! Will Chelsea are to Avoid with a new 9 south because of Giroud's and Morata's employees? English Commentary sometimes badly. Barcelona were all of us, usually like exact DOWNLOAD QUICKEN ALL-IN-ONE DESK REFERENCE. 1500, 00, 0 Voucher The DOWNLOAD POPULAR SCIENCE (JUNE 2005) on creature. We are over 50 click the following internet site is you can move the Amazon Echo's Alexa northern pack. Michael Jordan's Best of Every NBA Access! For 13 links Michael Jordan sent on an Professional Geography for the NBA and its' entries. meet the best download история энергетики и среда обитания человека: рабочая программа, задание на контрольную работу of every new loss tourism Michael Jordan 's created in.
You may handle this download How to Guard an Art Gallery and Other Discrete Mathematical Adventures to right to five projects. The language Click takes shown. The infographic engine shows located. The cart turn click is added.
Assistant Professor, Department of Corporate Finance and Value Management in Finance Management Institute @ Faculty of Management, Computer Science and Finance @ Wroclaw University of Economics
- accounts receivable management, inventory management, operational cash management, accounts payable management etc.
Our arrival in Kuala Lumpur just happened to coincide with Eid, the Muslim New Year. Having done no research prior to arriving in Malaysia and underestimating just how Muslim this country actually is, we were thoroughly punished with the unbelievably insane crowds converging on the nation’s capital for the holiday.
Compared to the craziness of Kuala Lumpur (or “KL”, as the locals call it), neighboring Petaling Jaya (or “PJ”) was sounding very pleasant, and we heard that excellent food could be had there. We decided to hop on a bus and visit Grace, a Malaysian local we had met three months back on a tour bus in Vietnam. Upon getting to her quiet neighborhood, we immediately sensed that this was more our style. She walked us to her house to relax before tackling the night market.
Grace and I had met briefly on a tour bus and talked for maybe ten minutes. After that we kept in touch through Facebook, but in reality we were strangers to each other. I was touched that despite this fact, Grace took on the role of hostess since we landed in KL.
So there we were in PJ, sipping on soy milk and chatting with Grace, Goh and their surprisingly tall daughter Pei Ji. Soon, we were walking down the narrow streets towards PJ’s smaller Thursday night market, checking out the various fruit, candies, electronic accessories, and of course, the food stalls. Grace had warned us not to eat too much because we were having durian for dinner, so we just drooled our way past the deep-fried fruit, satay, dofu fa, and other delights. After purchasing a salt-encrusted smoked chicken leg and two kilos of mangosteens (they were crazy cheap), we headed to the durian tents.
Now this was totally unexpected. First of all, I didn’t know that outdoor stalls specifically devoted to durians existed. Second, I had no idea so many people loved to frequent these places to pig out on durian. In the West, durian is associated with Thailand, so I didn’t know that Malaysians also treasured and loved this fruit. We saw more instances of locals stuffing themselves at a durian stall and more “No Durian” signs in Malaysia than we saw in Thailand.
For those of you who don’t know what a durian is, it is a large fruit with a hard, spiky shell. Most people hate the smell of it and therefore can’t stomach the actual fruit, but we like it. It’s one of those things that once you associate the smell with the wonderful flavor of durian, the smell makes your mouth water. The thing about durian, though, is that a cup of it contains about 700 calories. It’s something you should probably have in moderation.
We passed on the all-you-can-eat durian stand (because really, that is insanity) and decided on a stall mostly because the guy was really assertive. We sat down while Grace and Pei Ji picked one of about ten varieties and watched the durian guy deftly crack open the shell to reveal the custardy meat nestled in the pods.
On our very first night in KL fresh off of a flight, we stopped in front of a durian stall across the street from our hotel and inhaled the lovely, pungent scent of the durians lined up there. “Would you like to try?” A young local stood off to the side of the stall, eating from a pod. He assured us that he wouldn’t be able to finish it by himself anyway so we thanked him and tried it. It was sweet with a sharp fermented flavor, and I really dislike that alcohol-y flavor in some durians. Our friend Peggy told us when we saw her in Hong Kong that Malaysian durians were better than Thai ones, and at this moment, I started to doubt her taste in food even though it is usually discerning.
So when I bit into this durian in PJ, I was expecting the same thing. Instead, what I got was a sweet but refreshing flavor, with no alcoholic aftertaste. Excellent. Grace watched us eat, which was unfortunate for her because she doesn’t like durians and the eating of it is a messy affair. Especially for me.
Now the second one was even better. Called the Kantung (or something like that), this durian packed a flavorful floral punch with a sweet aftertaste. It was finger-lickin’ good. It’s a good thing these places have a sink with soap for pre- and post-consumption.
After we stuffed ourselves with about 1500 calories each, Grace asked, “How about Musang King next?” We sadly declined. I couldn’t eat another bite of durian, even though the offer of tasting the king of the king of fruits was tempting. The most expensive and sought-after durian in Malaysia would have to wait until next time.
As we walked back towards their home, we ran into Grace’s husband Goh and their son Chuo Shuan who were stepping out for dinner. We accompanied them to the brightly lit food hawker court, selling everything from claypot rice to various noodle dishes. N couldn’t help herself and got an ABC, her first authentic one from Malaysia. I picked at the chicken leg while the family ate a real dinner. Goh explained to us that durian is a food that packs “heat”, so people (well, mostly Chinese who believe in the heat/cold food thing) drink fresh coconut or eat mangosteens at the same time because they are “cooling” foods.
We had a little bit of time before our last train back to KL, so Grace and Goh drove us to an Indian tea shop they like to go to at night when they feel like getting out of the house. There, we had a nightcap: hot and sweet teh tarik, or pulled tea, also known as the national drink of Malaysia. It’s entertaining to watch these guys “pull” tea, pouring it from one mug to another while pulling their hands apart for dramatic effect. Grace and I watched a guy pull tea in the back of the restaurant before sitting back down to finish our milky teas.
A few months ago, we had met Grace and Goh on a tour of the Cu Chi Tunnels in Vietnam. I remember N and I crawling through the dark and sweaty tunnel after this couple, and Goh had offered to help us through some of the elevated drops in the tunnel. Now here we were, in this quiet neighborhood, experiencing a part of a regular routine they liked to partake in when they were at home.
The next day after dinner, we honed in on a group of Mainland Chinese tourists talking excitedly in front of a small durian stall in the Bukit Bintang neighborhood of KL. They picked and prodded at the durians and seemed to know what they were doing, so we followed their lead and went for a small Musang King. We stood at a small table behind the stall and ate with a gloved hand. Peggy was right. Malaysian durians might just be the best in the world.
Me and My Feelings HOPE 2009 Cenpatico. All rights reserved. Everybody needs hope. Hope is believing that things will work out. Hope is believing that things will get better. Everybody needs hope. HOPE
Reading You are going to read two different texts about Spanish Christmas traditions. 1. Working with a partner or in groups of three, try and predict what kinds of words will be in the text. Once you
I consider Offensive Guards far more crucial to their Teams's Prospects than most consider them to be.
The Gutters are riddled with the Corpses of Teams that were built around so-called "skill" Players ~ teams that delighted their Fantasy FootBall Fans every Year, all the way until January...until The Only Games That Really Matter.
It is then, of course, that the Capacity ~ or lack thereof ~ to Move The Chains and protect the QuarterBack against PlayOff Caliber Defenses rears its ugly head. And another Team built for Fantasy FootBall bites the dust.
Power: Above all: Core Power. Torso Power is important, but Core Power, from the Knees to the Ribs, is absolutely crucial. All the upper body Strength in the world will still fail if you simply can't dig in your Heels. But Core Power enables an Offensive Lineman to project Power in the Running Game and to reject Power in the Passing Game.
Agility: Launch Velocity, Acceleration, and above all: Fluidity or Core Agility. Core Agility is even more essential to sustained good Health ~ and to sustained good FootBall ~ than Core Power. The ability to react with Serpentine smoothness is a tremendous Asset in all Aspects of the Game, and certainly in the Hand to Hand Combat that characterizes Trench Warfare. All the Power in the World goes only so far if you're lurching around like FrankenStein.
Processing Speed: How quickly and effectively one Reads & Reacts to the Rapidly Roiling Tactical LandScape!!
Motor: Endurance and Drive: How much Work has been put into Conditioning, and how it manifests itself.
* Torso Power ~ upper Body Power. Important, but not crucial. T Rex had lousy Torso Power...yet was King.
* Vertical Leverage. Height is crucial, but it's actually better, I believe, to be an Inch shorter than an Inch Taller.
Power: Adequate. He looks a lot formidable than he actually is, I think, but he's able to Anchor against the Pass Rush consistently, though he doesn't tend to get a whole lot of Push when he's Run Blocking.
Combat Skills: Marginal. A mediocre Command of Lateral Leverage, mediocre Paw Persistence and FootWork, and awful Paw Positioning: Moton hits not the Core but the Perimeter of his Foes's Frames virtually all the time.
Processing Speed: Marginal. Moton's Speed & Efficacy in Reading and Reacting to Defensive Deception in Pass Protection is mediocre, and in Locating & Approaching Targets in the Running Game is horrible.
Run Blocking: Competitive and potentially effective. Moton's lack of Fluidity and Processing Speed is gonna translate into a ton of Whiffs in the Open Field if he doesn't improve significantly in both Aspects of'is Game, I believe. Therefore, I don't foresee'm being a good Match for a Zone Scheme Team, and indeed foresee'm being a Liability for a Power Scheme Team, in his inability to cause Disruption, Behind Enemy Lines. However, he's got the WingSpan, the Power, and the breadth of Frame to develop into an Impact Player at The Point of Attack on a Power Scheme Team.
Pass Blocking: Marginal but potentially effective. Despite deficient Fluidity to Mirror and marginal Combat Skills, Moton possesses the breadth of Frame and the WingSpan to potentially clog the middle effectively, even against reasonably Fast and Agile Foes, if he can develop some Combat Skills. And he's got sufficient Power to Anchor.
Taylor Moton definitely has the Frame for Offensive Tackle, at 6051 or so and an exceptional WingSpan, but he lacks the Fluidity to Mirror effectively, I believe, so I'd recommend him to deploy at Guard, where he's played, before.
I can't say that I'm very impressed with Moton's Game at this point. His Combat Skills and Processing Speed are horrible, and that doesn't speak especially well about how much Time & Training he's put in, to this point.
But he's got an excellent Frame and decent Power, and in Pass Protection, provided he moves inside to Offensive Guard, just standing there, shuffling around, and generally getting in the way is a big part of the Job!!
And that combination of an exceptional Frame and decent Power can also translate into an Impact Player at The Point of Attack in the Running Game, as well, though I'm less optimistic about his Impact, Behind Enemy Lines.
What it adds up to, from my perspective, is a very raw Prospect with some Potential. Me, I wouldn't spend more'n a Late Rounder on'm ~ a 6th or 7th Rounder ~ but can certainly defend someone spending a bit more.
Update: Upon Further Review, I'm gonna Walk This Back and get in line with The Market. Moton lacks Agility, and that could ultimately kill'm, but he's got a tremendous combination of Power and Frame, and, despite marginal Combat Skills and Processing Speed ~ which are certainly Red Flags that affect my Scores ~ offer tremendous Potential.
Please do Note: This and all Evaluations issued by this Site are produced by a ludicrously unqualified Amateur, privy to not even the tiniest fraction of Coach's Tape, Scouting Expertise, Face to Face Interviewing, Experience, or Inside Information enjoyed by the Professionals. As such, anything put forth is certainly misinformed, euphonious, derivative Tripe, and should be rejected out'f hand and indeed shunned by all men and women of Good Will!! I'm trying to discern Power, Agility, Combat Skills, and far more abstract, esoteric Concepts such as Processing Speed and Motor, and I'm trying to do so based almost entirely on a fascinating fusion of Tape, Combine Numbers, and Pro Days, while trying to attenuate my findings based on Allowances for Competition Level, Scheme, Concept, Context, and, above all: Trajectory!!
Please remember to register a username before using Contact Us to upgrade to the Private Forum. The Private Forum is for paid up Fanderson members only.
Glad you like it. I have no serious plans to make it is a film, but I have been toying with the idea of getting someone to create it as a flash animation with voice overs and sound fx . I don't really know anyone who can do that sort of thing though.
Sorry to hear it. Whatever you're in for must be something serious. I hope you recover and get home soon. Hospitals are useful places sure enough, but not ideal for taking up permanent residence in. I wish you well and welcome you to my as yet small friends list.
This Apple iphone 5s space gray factory unlocked is brand new in box factory unlocked and it also comes with complete accessories with warranty for more information kindly inbox for deal..WhatsApp:(+2348140873527).
No country has produced as many excellent two lap runners as Kenya has. In fact if you look at a list of the fastest 800m runners in history, you will find that 50% of them are Kenyan.
However the one who stands out above all the rest is David Lekuta Rudisha. Rudisha is not just the greatest 800m runner ever, but also one of the greatest track athletes ever.
The year’s between 2010 and 2012 found Rudisha in his prime and injury free. It was during this period that he created his legacy. During this period he was not just winning races, he was winning in thoroughly dominant fashion, leading from start to finish, often not requiring a pace-maker and beating the field by at least 10 metres each time. It was during this period that he set numerous records and won several gold medals
His most memorable performance came at the 2012 Olympics. He completely dominated the race, obliterating the field and setting a new world record without needing a pace maker. Thanks to Rudisha dragging the field, almost everyone in that final set a personal best. It was voted by many as the best performance at the 2012 Olympics in all the sports.
Rudisha was born in Kilgoris, Narok District. His father is Daniel Rudisha, who won a silver medal while representing Kenya in the 4 X 400m at the 1968 Olympics. The person most credited with moulding Rudisha into a world class athlete is Brother Brolm O’Connell, an Irish missionary and Geography teacher at St Patricks Iten school who has also moulded numerous world beaters. “I don’t know where I’d be without him.” Rudisha once said.
Brother O’Connell first noticed Rudisha when the latter was 14 and competing mostly in the 400m in a bid to emulate his father. He encouraged Rudisha to switch to the 800m. The following year, while running on a dirt track, he clocked 1mins 49.6secs in the two lap event, an amazing time for a 15 year old running on a dirt track.
Rudisha first announced himself to the world when he won the 800m at the 2006 world junior athletics championships in Beijing with a time of 1:47.60. In 2007 he closed his juniors career by winning the African junior championships in 1:46.41.
Though he won the African championships in 2008, his performance that year was underwhelming. He did not qualify for the Olympic games. And it seemed he was taking a back seat to Sudanese runner Abubaker who had run the fastest 800m time of the year at 1:42.69 over a second faster than Rudisha whose personal best at the time was 1:43.79. And Kaki was a year younger than Rudisha. Many thought he was going to be one among many athletes who shone at junior level but could not translate that promise to senior level.
The year 2009 did not start well for Rudisha. He qualified for the World Championships but only went as far as the semi-finals. A poor tactical race caused him to miss the finals by only 0.07 seconds.
However later that year, he started to show signs of greatness. In September 2009, he broke the African record, previously held by Sammy Koskei by clocking 1:42.01. The record had lasted 25 years. It was Rudisha’s first major record and a sign of things to come. He was finally fulfilling the potential he had shown as a junior.
On 10 July 2010, Rudisha ran the 800 m in 1:41.51 at the KBC Night of Athletics in Heusden, Belgium; this new personal record placed him No. 2 all-time in the world for the 800 m.
On 22 August 2010 Rudisha broke Wilson Kipketer’s 800 m World Record two days before the anniversary of that record with a time of 1:41.09 while racing in the ISATF meeting in Berlin. Just a week later, he broke the record again at the Rieti Diamond League Meeting, lowering it to 1:41.01
In November 2010, at the age of 21, he became the youngest ever athlete to win the IAAF World Athlete of the Year award. He also won the Kenyan Sportsman of the Year award.
He finally won his first major global title when he won the 2011 world championships soundly beating his arch-rival Abubaker Kaki into second place and Russian veteran Yuri Borzakovsky into 3rd place.
His defining moment came at the 2012 Olympics when he led the race from start to finish and in winning the race, did not just break the world record but also became the first person to break the 1:41:00 barrier, one of the iconic barriers in the world of athletics.
This entry was posted in Profiles and articles on Kenyan runners and tagged david rudisha, Kenyan runners. Bookmark the permalink.
"From the very start, Dayle was very responsive and very helpful. We could tell how much she cared for her puppies, particularly from how much she wanted to learn about us, our family, and our home to make sure that the puppy will be well cared for. Throughout the process, Dayle was always there! She is very prompt in answering our many questions. And there is no such thing as a silly puppy question. From how to house train, what the recipe is for a nutritious meal (thanks to Dayle’s husband Mark with that too), when the best time to do shots, spay, get anti rabies, what shampoo to use, good puppy treats, nipping solution…all questions are welcome, and she is so knowledgeable that she always provides useful and valuable answers to everything. She definitely has provided us a lot of guidance and continues to do so. We emailed her almost weekly at the start to get tips and to update her on our puppy’s progress. And she is like family, always happy to hear from us! Our puppy, Harley maybe growing fast, but still not as fast as how we’ve bonded with Dayle! She is such a treasure that we are happy to call 'fam'."
"My wife and I were introduced to Dayle through our parents who had already adopted 2 Lowchen with whom my wife fell in love. Dayle prepared us for the adoption process, providing critical information and encouraging words for the 'new parents to be.' When we met Dayle and our little girl, we were overjoyed. It wasn't long before Chao Kuai had completely stolen our hearts. It is hard now to imagine life before our little bundle of joy and enthusiasm came into it. Thanks, Dayle for providing such a precious gift and continuing to provide informative support through our growing process!" "Dayle has been the perfect breeder, advisor, and friend for Gigi and me in our search for the "perfect dog." Having no experience with Lowchen, we found Dayle to be responsive, informative, and reassuring. However, the most important part of our relationship in working with Dayle was trust. From our first interactions by email and phone as well as our conversations with others who have one or more of her pups, we were confident that she was as committed as we were to the best temperamental fit for our family. And Molly is truly our perfect dog. She's lively, funny, affectionate, smart and afraid of nothing! Molly loves everyone she meets and the feeling is usually reciprocated. She is everything Dayle said she would be and our trust in Dayle is rewarded every minute of every day."
"Langston has been such a wonderful addition to our family! We appreciate the care that you take in raising and nurturing healthy and happy Lowchen puppies! You took the time to prepare us, as first time dog owners, for what expect in bringing a puppy into our home and shared your expertise in grooming, nutrition,etc. Thank you for always making yourself available to answer any questions we might have. You made the transition of bringing a new puppy home seamless and pleasurable. Langston is such blessing to our family- thank you!"
"I am so happy that we stumbled on the Lowchen breed! 'Brewster' is everything we wanted - cuddly, playful, smart and handsome. We are routinely stopped by strangers who want to know more about Brewster and the breed. Our daughter is usually uncomfortable with dogs and she has developed a great relationship with him. He follows her cues and she showers him with treats. Thank you for all of your guidance and especially for our beloved Brewster. He is a gem!!" "Ajjie (Aerjabet) is such an Angel! We are so in love with her! And, she loves us back with remarkable affection! Everywhere we go people are drawn to Ajjie's beauty and personality! We're forever grateful to Dayle and Mark for dedicating their lives to breeding, nurturing & loving these exceptional award winning Lowchen."
"Thanks again for the great work you do. I am certain that I speak on behalf of all - We love our Lowchen!!"
She is so sweet and we fell instantly in love with her." "Cleo has stolen our hearts. I can hardly bear to be separated from her.
"We feel so fortunate to have found Marday Lowchen and Dayle while searching for our puppy. Her holistic approach and attention to socializing her puppies was just what we were hoping to find in a breeder . Our Lowchen, Buddha, is a joyful, lively and wonderful companion both at home and on the many outings and vacations that we have shared with him by our side. We have enjoyed keeping in touch with Dayle as Buddha grows, sending regular updates and photos. It is reassuring to know that she is always enthusiastic about her dogs long after you bring your puppy home and is always there for advice and support. We give Dayle a huge thumbs up!"
"We could not have asked for a better addition to our family. Tovah Rose is just the dog we were searching for--incredibly well-tempered and a wonderful companion. Even our 11 year old Wheaten LOVES his little sister. Dayle is an absolute pleasure and joy to work with. Her dedication to breeding well-tempered, healthy dogs is unmatched. She will answer all of your questions, be honest with you, pick the perfect puppy for you, and continue to guide you through the life of your Lowchen. We are already ready for our next Lowchen from Dayle! Every day we say: "We could not have asked for anything better." Our Tovah Rose is an absolute joy and has brought new life to our Wheaten, Asher. Thank you Marday's for blessing our lives with one of your Lowchen."
P.S. - Emily, soon after this writing, did adopt another Marday Lowchen. "Meeting Dayle and joining the 'I love Lowchen Society' has been a wonderful experience for our family. We had never heard of the breed when we started our research. Now as a Lowchen parent, we wonder why it isn't the most popular breed in America! Dayle's commitment to breed excellence is one of the reasons we chose to work with her in finding the right puppy for our family. Lulu (our pup) has been the greatest addition to our family and really defies description. Lulu interacts great with our Tibetan and our mother's Havanese. The breed is very socialable and the personality these pups have is very uplifting. They are a joy to adopt and live with. Frankly, we are about ready to add a sibling and would only consider Marday for breeding and adoption. Thank you Dayle Lewis. Your pups are fabulous!"
Antelope Farm and Ranch Supply is the premier dealer for commodity handling equipment, supplies, and service in the Upper Midwest. We pride ourselves on delivering quality with unparalleled service after the sale.
We may even eliminate your current air conditioner and appropriately get rid of it, removing any issues you could have after the installation procedure. When you are interested in obtaining the most out of your cooling program in Phoenix
Compressor: Raises the pressure on the refrigerant so that it's going to accept the utmost amount of heat from the air.
Whatever make or design of HVAC device you have, our highly-qualified and experienced experts are masters at servicing and repairing any system. Another time you end up with no awesome air throughout an Arizona summer months, connect with us and find out why our shoppers get in touch with us their beloved Phoenix AC repair organization!
Don’t hold out right up until it’s much too late and also you are still left with practically nothing but warmth and sweat, get in touch with us currently to obtain the reduction and cool air you are worthy of!
YP - The actual Yellow PagesSM - aids you find the ideal nearby corporations to fulfill your distinct requirements. Search engine results are sorted by a mix of components to give you a set of possibilities in reaction to your search standards. These factors are comparable to People you would possibly use to decide which business enterprise to pick from a neighborhood Telephone book Listing, like proximity to where you are searching, abilities in the precise solutions or solutions you'll need, and the amount of handy written content within the listing, including customer critiques, detailed descriptions and pictures, that may help you Examine a business's suitability to suit your needs.
You’ll have the ability to plan an extensive at-residence evaluation and estimate totally cost-free and obligation.
Thank you for taking care of my repair in an incredibly timely method. I was Primarily delighted as the operate was less than warranty.”
There may be a hazardous fuel leak in your home. Change off your furnace promptly and contact a heating repair individual.
A great contractor is sort of a superior mechanic: discover the correct one particular and you will have a lover in dwelling advancement For several years to come back. Find out more Emergency Repairs
Great firm, exceeded my anticipations in each customer service and quality. Really pleasant staff and so they created me come to feel like they really cared abo…
, ensure that you have it put in by considered one of our trained specialists. Our article source high-quality service will preserve you amazing in the Phoenix summers. Call Amazing Touch nowadays for air conditioner installations in Phoenix.
Being an HVAC technician has long been an amazing journey. I'm able to generate a variance in my Neighborhood by presenting high-quality assistance at a good and truthful value. Furthermore, there's no lack of latest engineering or repair methods to help keep my head Doing the job as challenging as my entire body!
The additional resources performance of any air con process is calculated from the seasonal Vitality efficiency ratio (SEER). In the event you are searching for a significant–efficiency air conditioner, you’ll want to search for a SEER ranking of at least 14 or over.
Irrespective of whether you want to to upgrade to a more effective air conditioner, or you must set up an air-con technique in a different dwelling, Norris Air Inc. installs a number a total noob of ductless split air conditioners which can be really–successful and durable.
They say, “confession is good for the soul”, so here goes. It happened when I was about 6 or 7 and we lived, I think in Beaumont, Texas. We had a good life, but certainly not spoiled. I think dad had a switch in every room in the house. He threatened to put a sign above one which said, “I need thee every hour”. Anyway, we had our share of ‘pine tree tea’.
Well, one day dad took us kids to the ‘FIVE AND DIME’ store. I think it was Woolworths. Anyway, we loved that store. It had EVERYTHING a boy could wish for. The price seemed high to us. 5 cents for bubble gum! Twenty five cents for a pack of baseball cards! It came with a stick of bubble gum as well. Can’t beat that! Candy, little wooden airplanes, plastic airplanes, kites, slinkys, bags and bags of plastic army men, marbles, tinker toys, .10 comic books!!! Going there was heaven on earth to us.
Problem… our weekly subsidy, was .25. We would have gone on strike, if we had thought of that. It wouldn’t have worked. We were just the three of us kids. Not enough for a union. We had to think all week about what we were going to get. Bob and I loved baseball cards, football cards, comic books. We were after Mickey Mantel, Roger Maris, and the others on the Yankee team. When we got one, we would trade back and forth. Spider man and Superman were the comics of choice. First editions and sets… we had ’em. We wanted more.
Problem… we only got a measly TWENTY FIVE CENTS A WEEK. Frustrated? Most definitely. But we had to choose.
On one occasion however, I determined to ‘out fox’ dad. Yep, I had it all figured out. We were at our favorite store. Going up and down the isle. Bob rolled down one isle, Ed went down another, dad was up at the check out area, and I was all by myself (I thought) on my isle. I got what I could pay for, and went to the check out. One by one we paid for what we got. Bob, Ed, and then me… We started out the store, and went to the car.
Now I have to stop here and say that parents are weird. I could almost swear to you that mom and dad had the secret service working for them. Otherwise, how in the world could they know all the things we did wrong?!
“Jack!” Now when I heard that tone of voice used with my name. It only meant one thing TROUBLE. “Come here son.” “Yes dad” I was trying to look confident. (I always failed at this.) “What you got in your hand?” I showed him the things I had legally purchased. (I thought it was over.) “What you got in your pockets?” (I was in trouble.) I pulled out a candy bar.
Trust me, I felt guilty for doing it. I did it anyway. Now I was feeling worse. Dad said, “You stole this?” You know, when dad says that, it sounds so much worse. “Yes, dad” I said. The judgement was passed, and sentencing was immediate… “Well, here is what you are going to do. “You are going back in that store… you will walk over to the manager and hold out the candy bar, and tell him, “I STOLE THIS”, and apologize. RIGHT NOW!”
I cannot tell you the feeling of embarrassment that crept over me. Cold sweats, knocking knees, the whole bit. I never thought of crying “THIS IS ABUSE!” No you see dad was the ‘supreme court’.
I went back in that store, approached a man who seemed quite big to me. He said, “May I help you son?” I took a big breath and said, “Sir, Sir, I am sorry, (holding out the candy bar that my hands had taken), but I took this and didn’t pay for it.” I was expecting something like the police to come and take me to jail or something. But, no police, no reprimand. I guess he figured I was going through enough humiliation. He said, “Thank you son, thank you for doing the right thing.” I gave the not so delicious candy bar to him. Said, thank you, and went back to the car.
Needless to say, I had disappointed dad. I had done worse, I had disappointed myself. Stealing is wrong. Paul said, “Let him that steals, steal no more.” That lesson, has always stayed with me. I have taught it to my kids, and I guess the lesson will pass down generations. (I hope).
I owe dad a lot for this. I would hate to go through life stealing, and eventually thinking I could just take things instead of working for them. THANK YOU DAD FOR CARING ENOUGH TO TEACH ME.
Dad wrote me a letter dated May 1, 1971, which was important to me then (and now) since I had just graduated from Preston Road School of Preaching in Dallas, Texas. The school has since been closed, and now after some 27 years of preaching in different states and countries, although not continuously, I want to share this letter and the
hearts, blasted apart by some pride filled preacher who knew little of the power of the Gospel and less of genuine love for the lost. From the garbage heap, that old rusty can has made it’s way to rest upon some of the most celebrated pulpits. It has a special place on my desk and permanent place in my heart. It teaches a lesson that is difficult to learn when you are young.
That old can says, “Be careful with that ‘gun’, son, when you ‘point it at someone’.” The word of God is POWER. Power to save and power to destroy. The “sword of the Spirit” (word of God) can be (in some cases) a destructive weapon, and should be reserved for the ‘enemy’. Yet we’re in the business of salvation. The lost may not be an ‘enemy’ so much as he is just lost. (Don’t treat everyone the same.) The word of God is also called the seed of the Kingdom. Put the ‘sword in it’s sheath’ and mount it by your side. Fill your hands with the ‘seed’ and sow it freely in every field. Face the enemy with the strength of the sword. Find the lost with the seed of the Kingdom. A man will not be lost if he does not Believe, Repent or is not Baptized. MAN(KIND) IS ALREADY LOST. The message you carry is not one of death, but one of life. It is heaven to the heart… not a ‘gun to the head’.
“Don’t tell me I’m going to hell unless you care enough to show me the way to heaven.” Cursing the darkness does not consume it. Blasting the sinner (with
If you listen carefully you can hear that old juice can say, “How can you put me back together once you have done this to me?” It is a rather pitiful sight. A sinner lost, condemned and hopeless. Along comes the ‘saint’. Yet this ‘saint’ feels that compassion and human understanding are sure signs of weakness and compromise. Winning battles and losing souls somehow does not equal victory. When we hurt needlessly, we not only loose our influence, but destroy the probable chances of others being able to help. “We have met the enemy and he is us” is an
(may be) unloving and unlovely… learn to love him. The sinner may be ‘unacceptable’ learn to accept him. He is a poor wandering soul. Take him up with arms of love. Speak softly and tell him of God’s great gift of grace. YOU CAN LOVE MORE PEOPLE INTO THE KINGDOM OF GOD IN A YEAR, THAN YOU CAN BLAST IN, IN FIVE.
Remember, God does not charge you to be successful, just faithful. Be positive, prayerful, patient. Keep the sword (God’s word) ready. Sow the seed (God’s word) gladly. Don’t hurt or hinder. Give hope in helping. Get your sermons “down” not “up”.
Posted in Articles by Jack Exum Jr	| Tagged Caring, Dad, Grace, Lessons, Letter, Love	| Leave a reply
Print PDF Based on my own real-world interactions over the course of the last decade of running a Malaysian food business, here's my list of 10 things people get wrong about Malaysian food - It equates with Malay food - Malaysia is a country of immigrants - our food is influenced by Malay, Chinese, Indian and Eurasian cooking styles and » Read More
Print PDF I asked a quick question online today and based on the Facebook and Twitter responses, the one Malaysian dish that most people would like to learn to make is Char Kway Teow, ie. stir-fried fresh rice noodles. At least among my customers/followers anyway - so here’s my take on it. First, a quick rundown of some CKT facts - I feel » Read More
Print PDF Growing up with rice as a staple I kind of assumed everyone knew how to cook it. That was, until I came to Australia. Most people nowadays know enough to get by, but for those still struggling with it, here’s my two cents’ worth - Tips - There are lots of different types of rice – short grain, long grain, sushi rice etc. etc. » Read More
Print PDF For those who are thinking of ordering from our estore - www.jackiem.com.au/estore - here's a video showing how we pack your frozen meals/curry pastes for courier delivery. We currently deliver curry pastes Australia-wide, and frozen meals to QLD, NSW, ACT, VIC and SA. Re: the video, yes, I do work that fast ;) » Read More
Print PDF My first random cooking tip/insight (I plan on posting these as they come to mind) - 'Wok Breath' Ever wonder why your stir-fries don't turn out the same as your local Asian restaurant's? It comes down to what in Cantonese is called 'wok hey' - loosely translated as the 'breath of the wok'. It's that barely-tangible smoky » Read More
Print PDF First off, thanks to my Malaysian friends Nirmala, Marinna, Hazel and Muna for their contributions – before I draw up the list, I wish to point out that their input reflect the following – - Some do a lot of cooking; others, as with most busy, working women nowadays, either don’t, or they use commercial, prepared » Read More
Print PDF And now for something completely random. I get asked a lot (usually by Asians) how I get my hair that blonde. Because I’m cheap and time-poor, I bleach it myself, every 10 -14 days or so. To save me having to scribble down my instructions on little scraps of paper for the umpteenth time, here it is, once and for » Read More
Print PDF Recently, I was asked to contribute a recipe for a pocket cookbook that was to accompany the latest issue of a food magazine. I submitted a recipe for my acar - Malay Vegetable Pickle - and as promised, once published, a copy of it was sent to me. The Good - it was a collection of Malaysian recipes from such celebrity chefs as Rick » Read More
Print PDF I guess having posted about making popiah skin it's only appropriate I follow up with the rest of the ingredients to complete the dish :) (this is a second upload with the staticky audio sorta fixed) » Read More
Print PDF This is the second edit of the same video posted earlier, with the static in the audio removed. Here are some points to add to the instructions - - The Ikea pans used in the video are this model - http://www.ikea.com/au/en/​catalog/products/40165895 (SKÄNKA) - they come in diff. sizes and I think mine are 30cm. - I bought » Read More
Watching from my perch high up on the sides of Auburn University’s Beard-Eaves-Memorial Coliseum as 1,509 graduates made their way to the stage at Friday’s graduation ceremonies, I could always tell which black-robed graduate was our Mary Claire Walburn, class of 2009.
That’s because of the yellow square and blue peace sign she had affixed to the top of her mortarboard. Plus, she was sitting then standing next to friend and fellow BA in Business in Supply Chain Management graduate James, who had written MOM in yellow electrical tape on top of his headgear, in honor of his mother’s birthday.
Now, every one of the graduates likely stood out just as much to their parents and grandparents, as we all leaned down to catch a glimpse and hear our graduates’ names called during the two-hour ceremony. Despite the “shout outs” which I found somewhat annoying and often drowned out the next graduate’s name, the ceremony was intended to give every graduate a moment in the spotlight.
But Mary Claire with a peace sign on her head was a fitting image as I watched my only daughter graduate where her parents graduated about 30 years ago.
Mary Claire, who identified herself as a rock-n-roll girl since she was 5 and who had to be talked out of naming one of our dogs Rainbow instead of Henry, enters the adult and post-college world with the same enthusiasm, uniqueness and well-rounded openness.
Her mother’s daughter, she loves music and cool things and never had to change much to dress up as a “hippie” for Halloween. Thus, the peace sign seemed a logical symbol (any politics aside) as she and James planned their top-of-mortarboard statements.
We all made homemade cards for Mary Claire to give to her at graduation, her brother Will scanning in a photo of her as a baby with her big brother, her daddy Frank posting then and now Auburn tailgate pictures, and mine being the photo of a 4-year-old Mary Claire with the Auburn Eagle, and one of us fishing together when she was a toddler.
In my note to our graduate, I used the Eagle symbolism to encourage her to fly like an Eagle. I praised my smart, beautiful, kind, caring, funny and fun daughter who has faced her challenges with smiles, faith and determination.
And, as expected, I quoted Bob Dylan’s Forever Young, a song he wrote for one of his children and a Dylan poem-song which expresses better than I can the hopes I have for our children.
We can’t keep our children forever young, I know, but we can, and I think we should, continue to ask for God’s blessings on them as they become men and women from boys and girls.
We can hope we’ve nurtured them and taught them to do for others, to be courageous, righteous, strong, upright, true and joyful – characteristics which will serve anyone well through life’s journey.
For Mary Claire, finding a job in the logistics, transportation, purchasing, or process management fields that encompass her Supply Chain Management major is the next challenge.
And, I know Mary Claire will tackle this next step in the same determined, thorough and smiling way she has shown in facing life’s next-steps since she completed our family 23 years ago.
This year’s Jackson Hole Art Auction is two months away; time flies. After all, it’s summer and high art season in Jackson, Wyoming. Stay on your toes, keep a daily
In a few months I will be moving back to the east coast. Family calls. The length of time I’ll be away is temporary and open-ended. I’m grateful, more than
Talk about a party! Here in Jackson, we’re proud to know our cultural treasure, the National Museum of Wildlife Art (NMWA), is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year. “From a
Out West, a two-woman show featuring new works by Mary Roberson and Amy Ringholz, opens at Altamira Fine Art on Thursday, July 21. A reception will be held at the
Designed for cameras having pixels as small as 3.45 µm, this quality C-mount lens performs well when combined with Sony Pregius 3 and 5 MP sensors.
Fujinon's precision focusing mechanism has roughly 310 degrees of rotation, making for easier focus adjustment than many otherwise competitive lenses. Thumb-screws lock down both focus and aperture. The clever design lets you choose three possible locations for the thumb-screws, ensuring they stay out of the way while remaining accessible. The lens has a relatively short Minimum Object Distance, enabling design of more compact imaging systems.
This wide-angle lens is appropriate for machine vision applications requiring a large field of view and/or short working distance. As with all wide-angle lenses, expect some "fish-eye" distortion.
Our shopping cart requires JavaScript, which is not currently enabled by your browser. Instead of using our cart, please contact us with a list of the items you wish to purchase.
Politics | News in Hindi | Bollywood Movies | Narendra Modi | Flooding in Varanasi | Yogi Adityanath | Rural Development | Diwali Special | Amitabh Bacchan | Elections 2019 | Dengue Fever | Women Empowerement | Khabar Lahariya in English | Khana Khazana | Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan | Best of 2018 | Water and Sanitation 001
जिला महोबा, ब्लाक कबरई, गांव अतरार माफ के एक दर्जन आदमियन ने 3 मई खा महोबा तहसील में दरखास दई हती। जनवरी के महीना के काम के मजदूरी की मांग करी हे।
Judd Lofchie & Associates, Inc. was has been in business for almost 30 years. We have sold or leased or developed millions of square feet of land, retail, and office properties! We have handled shopping centers from 5,000 to 300,000 square feet, office buildings, restaurants, and a lot of land. And we get results!
The most important factors in getting retailers and office users to look at your building is to have a solid “relationship” with them. We have been leasing and selling commercial, residential and vacant land since 1988. We know the players and can get through to them. That’s half the battle! We have relationships with developers, real estate brokers, and users and know the people who will buy or lease your property!
Using our Constant Contact large seasoned database, we will directly market to developers, users and brokers to help identify and locate prospective buyers and tenants for our listings. We also use several commercial listing services, virtual tours, e-mail blasts to get your property in front of as many qualified prospects as possible.
Judd Lofchie has a rich history of humanitarian and philanthropic endeavors that go beyond his experiences as a real estate professional. Some of his achievements include:
Judd took over our listing in downtown LaGrange from a national brokerage company which had it for years. Within about 6 months Judd had multiple offers and we sold it at a great price and closed shortly thereafter. I was thrilled!
Judd and his associates have done a great job for me during my many years at different companies finding locations for our auto repair and repair shops.
Miguel Fernández is a bilingual Cuban-American attorney and realtor with 13 years experience in real estate.
Jeff is a successful business executive, has bought and sold 4 companies, rehabs homes, and focuses on mixed use/commercial/residential investment properties.
Monique has been with the firm over 5 years concentrating on residential sales (including new home sales) and residential rentals.
Denise is an Aurora attorney and former realtor serving DuPage, Kane, Kendall, and Will Counties and excels at closings, leasings, foreclosure defense, and landlord-tenant matters.
We can assist you! We are highly experienced Dui Lawyers Los Angeles CA and represent different clients accused of the DUI every day and every year. We’ve been doing it together for many years. Los Angeles Dui Attorneys are highly passionate about their works and will be also doing it for many more years ahead.
Our Dui Lawyers Los Angeles CA have helped thousands of people in a similar condition to fight their cases and charges. We’ve had great outcomes, with lots of people having their DUI cases reduced to lesser charges, dismissed, or found not responsible after the trial.
Los Angeles Dui Lawyers are here to answer all DUI questions that you have and to help you in your DUI case. We did this as we know that having knowledge means having power and our Dui Attorneys Los Angeles CA always wish to offer you some of the great power that you might think you’ve lost due to your arrest.
We’d like to have the chance to meet you and discuss the DUI case. Please give a call to Los Angeles Dui Lawyers or email us in order that we can start to help you solve your case.
We know that after an arrest in a DUI case, many people have the feeling of hopelessness, despair, and even annoyance. Our Los Angeles Dui Attorneys are there to inform you that there’s hope that your charges will be successfully solved and more importantly, you’ll make it definitely through this time period. By now, you have understood that our Dui Attorneys Los Angeles CA represent people who are accused of DUIs.
Our Los Angeles Dui Attorneys will meet you for free, for the first consultation no matter how long it takes. We carry out this DUI consultation personally because it’s the best method to hear regarding your case and offer you legal advices. There is just no alternative for a personal meeting.
If you choose to hire that one of our Dui Attorneys Los Angeles CA is a great fit to work on your DUI case, then we’ll we start representing you in the DUI case.
We along with our Dui Attorneys Los Angeles CA strive hard to be our law firm with integrity. Below are the goals that we have:
Based upon the feedbacks from all our clients, it seems that we’re living up to such goals and our Los Angeles Dui Lawyers are dedicated to doing this in the future as well.
fix nitrogen deficiency cannabis nitrogen toxicity the claw leaf tips are pointed down how to fix nitrogen deficiency in hydroponics.
fix nitrogen deficiency its normal for plants to show signs of a nitrogen deficiency as the plant gets close to harvest this is actually a good thing how to fix nitrogen deficiency in tomato plants.
fix nitrogen deficiency its normal for plants to show signs of a nitrogen deficiency as the plant gets close to harvest this is actually a good thing how to fix nitrogen deficiency in garden.
I have been asked about my viewpoint on partnerships.joint ventures, integration advertising.and other arrangements where you are working with an additional company.do you go through a lengthy agreement or is that not essential? The initial factor I am going to tell you is I'm not an attorney!
Have you at any time just sat in your workplace and listened to the sounds? If you did, I bet you'd listen to traffic, a siren, a horn, a hum from your computer, the cackle of secretaries laughing at some joke, your companions strolling by your office talking loudly, your phone ringing, and on and on.
Think of your blog as your booth at a convention. If you are a Chapter 7 Powell, OH, 43065 and you go to a authorized marketing conference, you will discover what? Legal marketers and attorneys. They are all saying pretty a lot the exact same things. They all want fairly much the exact same factor. Their interests are aligned or similar, and yet many of the individuals at the conference are competitors.
Cufflinks for lawyers usually look elegant and fashionable. They also have engravings on them that signify professionals read more like attorneys and attorneys. It will have words or texts on it that will implement a potential client's confidence in them. This is why the texts are so catchy. Cufflinks are the one kind of accessory that provides fashion and class to any shirt, but also adds self-confidence to those who put on them.
The New Hampshire DUI attorney you would like to hire will be authority in DUI and DWI regulations of the state, how many times time you have for defense to the understanding about legal loopholes and technicalities that can help protect you well.
".almost twenty years elapsed between quitting his day job and publishing his initial guide in 2006, "Brief Encounters With Che Guevara," a Hemingway-esque brief-story collection.
The modifying is the "behind-the-scenes" work that tends to make your video come alive. Most lawyers just want to see the last item, and that's okay. Nevertheless, when a video clip editor spends eight hrs to edit your videos, you will begin to understand why website companies charge so much money.
Add the finishing touch to all your craft projects with our hand crafted, hand painted and full gloss, kiln fired ceramic buttons proudly made in Australia by Debbie and Kay.
* Our buttons are individually handcrafted so slight variation in size and colour may be expected but all care is taken to ensure the highest standard of quality.
* Any of our buttons may be made to order if the colour is not specified. eg green pig, blue cat, pink elephant.
In English, present progressive can be used to describe what is happening now, or what will happen in the future.
Present Progressive The present progressive is formed by combining the verb "to be" with the present participle. (The present participle is merely the "-ing" form of a verb.) I am studying. I am studying
Thank you for your interest in working with us! Please fill out the application below and we will get back to you.
What is your current employment status? * Employed Full-TimeEmployed Part-TimeSelf-EmployedUnemployed
Reckon Higgins is a good left field option for Fyfe, might not have the ceiling as some but he's been pretty good at hitting 110+ lately.
It feels like he should be getting a hard tag real soon was the gut feeling I got when I saw his name in the top 5 over last 3/5 rounds.
I'll cop a doughnut if Spargo or Smith aren't named for Melbourne, so need to find a replacement for Heeney.
Langdon looks like finishing as a top 8 forward and shapes as an interesting unique. Would any of the freo supporters have any thoughts about how he'll go with Fyfe out?
Menegola's the most obvious replacement and cant see how Scooter's inclusion would necessarily affect Menegola's scoring, as Scooter plays predominately on the inside whereas Menegola seems to have more of an outside role. If anything, Scooter's ability to extract the ball could boost Menegola's scoring
The loss of Fyfe will impact Freo's ball winning (along with the loss of Sandi and Blakely), which may have a knock on effect to Langdon. The likely inclusion of Brad Hill could have an impact too, as they are both running wingers.
IMO, rather than trading Heeney, I'd be looking to trade in cover, if possible. Can you flip a Sicily (or Tmac forward) and get an extra defender on field?
Thought i could just play Battle for Heeney, but apparently he's injured too...so now i'm praying for Ahern or Spargo to be named.
Dont have in the forwards a d/f link to shift Sciliy, so I need to upgrade a rookie in the forwards for cover. With the cash I have available, I could move Spargo on for someone around 394K, but no one really appeals in those price ranges. Guess I could bring Ahern in if named, but JS is poor and he's also unappealing. I'm about 10k short of trading Hunter for Petracca in the mids, which is annoying as that would be a handy cover option at this time of the year. I could downgrade a rookie and bring robbo in for m/f cover, but using two trades for cover seems slightly excessive. Hopefully Spargo gets named as none of my options seem solid.
Any of Spargo, Ahern or Smith play and I'm right for Heeney cover. If none of them play I'm up shit creek without a paddle.
Was looking down the list of options and im actually entertaining Fyfe to Brayshaw now. Main reason is my 4 trades left and 60k bank, moving Fyfe leaves me with a pretty risky 3 trades remaining and back cover of Mihocek and Joel Smith. Brayshaw gives me a link with Smith so I get reliable back cover, plus its a 150k downgrade giving me a 210k bank. Thats enough cash that my 3 remaining trades can be used for good injury sideways without needing to do another downgrade. Still holding Fritsch too, so can always move him to a proper mid premo later on and move Brayshaw to bench cover for good.
Not sure its worth it over just getting Gaff, but an injury in my backs could wreck my season. Gotta think about winning my cash league now.
LB: If Jack (Macrae) gets through training, he will play. Thursday will be a significant session so we will anticipate he will get through and play. #WBMedia
Could make a good trade in a couple of weeks after his b/e drops and had some game time to get back to the same scoring for those with trades in hand.
Has a b/e of 213 in rdt and 230 in sc, after 2 games should drop to under 700k in rdt and $550k in sc.
Marcus Bontempelli has been ruled out of this Saturday’s match against @melbournefc after having his appendix removed. MORE | http://bit.ly/2N7UMPR
Mario is shown as a short, stout man with a great big nose, brown hair, a moustache wearing red overalls and a cap with 'M' on it. Both in games and other media, he is shown as a kind-hearted, courageous plumber who loves Italian food, pasta and pizza. Besides breaking out into short phrases like "Okey dokey!", "Woohoo", or "Let's a-go!" Mario doesn't speak in any of his games.
The Mario-madness is not contained to video games only. The well-beloved star of Mario Bros games and the official mascot of Nintendo, he has also been depicted in a motion films, television shows and comics not to forget being the face on a range of merchandise.
Although chiefly seen as a plumber, Mario has made appearance in various games under different occupations. He has been portrayed as an archaeologist, a medical physician and an entrepreneur. He is shown as a savior of the damsel in distress portrayed by Princess Peach. Although it is not known what exact relationship the two have yet the mutual affection is obvious. On the personal front, he has a brother named Luigi. Besides many smaller enemies, Mario's arch rival is Bowser.
Mario is known for his ability to jump great heights. This ability is Mario's greatest talent. Jumping to reach different areas of a level and to kill the enemies is a main part of the action in most Mario games, especially in the Super Mario Bros. series.Mario's most common form of attack is jumping to tramp on the heads of enemies.
Play online Mario Bros , Luigi and retro Super Mario nintendo video games in flash player. Mario and Luigi games is an new category added on the site. Super Mario is an fiction character created by Nintendo and developed by japanese video games designer Miyamoto. Mario Bros has appeared in more than 300 video games for playstation,wii and Atari. On this arcade you will meet also his brother Luigi,his love to make team with his brother and you will enjoy 2 player mode where you can play Mario Flash game. All these games can be found here including many different versions of Super Mario Bros. and Mario Cart.
The best part is that, unlike other Mario sites, this website will never annoy you with excessive ads and slow loading times. Play classic side-scrolling action, or jump, race, swim, and even fly in a variety of different Mario World challenges. Many genres are covered, from the classic format to racing to puzzle. Our top Mario games are: Mario golf mini , Mario kart and Mario World . Just quickly find the game you want to play and have fun!Don't forget to boomark as mariogames.fr.
So play Mario no download games online in any browser and any operating system.Mario is shown as a short, stout man with a great big nose, brown hair, a moustache wearing red overalls and a cap with 'M' on it. Both in games and other media, he is shown as a kind-hearted, courageous plumber who loves Italian food, pasta and pizza. Besides breaking out into short phrases like "Okey dokey!", "Woohoo", or "Let's a-go!" Mario doesn't speak in any of his games.
While these are generally all crypto buying and selling platforms, each one provides anything a little various. If you want making sure that that you are signing up for your System which is good for you, go through up with a supplied platform’s name, stability, fees, modes of payment, cryptocurrencies available, and charges of exchange.
Additionally, Investopedia may perhaps acquire payment from particular broker-dealers referral courses if you click inbound links for their products and services, and/or post an application or get accepted for the brokerage account. In general Score
He's most familiar with the fintech and payments industry and devotes A great deal of his composing to masking both of these sectors. Adhere to @FoolMCochrane Post Information
As success following success piles up, crowdfunding money-elevating platforms have established for being a great way to fund your next startup. Choose on the list of many approaches of crowdfunding, and your services or products just may be another FORM1 or TikTok.
Since Bitcoin is on-line, they are even much easier to steal and far harder to return and trace. Bitcoin itself is secure, but bitcoins are only as protected as the wallet storing them.
You'll find only 21 million Bitcoin, and as time goes on, they turn out to be more durable and more durable to mine. Check out Bitcoin’s inflation charge and provide amount:
Other options in the Google Participate in Shop have arisen to fill the void. Main among the them is the Blockchain Recreation. You enroll which has a two-action indicator-up process which requires giving over your e-mail tackle after which your Bitcoin address.
Important: Remember to Take note that till We have now Look At This verified the release of a mobile software, you should be extremely suspicious of any cell wallet boasting for being Exodus.
Our safety group has been hard at operate guiding the scenes and discovered a lot more basic safety and protection safeguards to guard your assets.
All of the solutions I’ll go in excess of are items we’ve essentially tested ourselves in this article at 99Bitcoins, in order to rest assured we’re chatting from expertise. Enable’s get going…
When you understand the likely effects of Bitcoin, it gained’t be not easy to challenging to realize why investing in bitcoin might be a good idea.
If I understood investors who needed to acquire a little, speculative place in bitcoin, I would not check out to talk them out of it. Nonetheless -- and I are unable to strain this enough -- practically nothing need to be invested in bitcoin forex that an investor just isn't relaxed shedding.
If you need to elevate money for just a undertaking, first you have to build and hone your pitch, then put up it over a crowdfunding web-site and use social media to distribute the term out about your marketing campaign.
In which do the cost and value of bitcoin go from below? Sad to say, my crystal ball is damaged. I Individually believe that inside of a several years, bitcoin could slide any where view publisher site -- from staying often called a worthless experiment, to remaining the best disruptive pressure the economical field has at any time seen.
mP3gAIN and sources from our companions:Sticky money - FLV.com's MP3 Converter Coupons, discounts, and offers inside ItalyCopyrights 2zerosixteen FreeRIP.com. each one rights
Thanks for utilizing this website for downloadingDae Dae Feat. Lil Yachty what on earth U mean (Remix)MP3GOO.COMPlease manner and this website to your friends. It prices you but will respect me to proceed this website.
Open the world of CC-licensed spinster mp3 music and download for free. Mp3 Music download is easy but highly effective app that lets you to search out spinster music from indie or unrevealed artists revealed beneath artistic Commons Attribution 3.zero or civil area. you might be to search music, obtain and play whenever you need. Create horsing aroundlists, ringtones and allocation mp3 music by pals. features: Mp3 music download - only top quality mp3 music quick music download - up to 2zero0percent speedup music download - all of the music revealed without cost and truthful constructiveness obtain this app and begin listen to single music! COPYRIGHT: all the music in app offered passing through ccmixter.org utilizing query api http://ccmixter.org/question-api and due to terms of use. both music printed underneath creative Commons - "Attribution" license https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by means of/3.zero/. we are not affiliated via ccmixter.org web site. learn more
https://www.ffmpeg.org/ MP4 to MP3 -Convert your stake presently- online and spinster - this web page also accommodates information on the MP4 and MP3 feature extensions.
Anyway. $ per GB has dropped lots since this text was written. I dont actually day why anyone would damage to MP3 at all now, since lossless takes solely about 3 times extra space than 320kbps. a normal 2TB onerous push can easily comprise round 200 days worth of lossless audio (or round 85000 3.5min tracks).
Disposable camera?.Flash?...I reused the flash from disposable camera. I searching something new to work with and ended up to this simple idea. To all LomoHead out there. u might try this out. I think its lot more cheaper than getting a manual slave flash available more over when LoMoHead love to "Colour Splash' it.
TECH - An alter ego which defines the unique art form he cultivate and can be driven by the combination of passion and interest. I paint to bring the art form scene stay alive, i re-engineered to bring different approach both art and engineering. Mohamed Rohaimi Mohamed aka Tech. Reppin and Co-founder of Two Men Graffiti Crew; SprayTwoGeorge; STG And Mielf, the netherlands. Self-taught individual with a great interest on both art and electronics, broaden his mind into combining both attribute together. The unexpected champion in the robots building back in ITE, push him to explore more and widen the creative influence around him.
All Avery Dennison statements, technical information and recommendations are based on tests believed to be reliable but do not constitute a guarantee or warranty. All Avery Dennison products are sold with the understanding that purchaser has independently determined the suitability of such products for its purposes. All Avery Dennison's products are sold subject to Avery Dennison's general terms and conditions of sale, see http://terms.europe.averydennison.com
The 13th Annual Costa Layman Health Fair was featured in the Augusta Chronicle. The health fair is an interdisciplinary effort among faculty, students and volunteers that provides rural farmworkers bilingual access to health care education and services, including vision checks, blood pressure screenings and dental exams.
“These workers, just like many other workers, don’t have the opportunity to access health care on a regular basis,” said Lee Ann Liska, CEO of Augusta University Medical Center, “By having all of that here, they don’t have to take time out of their busy personal, work or family schedules to have all of them in one place.”
Sara Carney is Communications Specialist in the College of Nursing at Augusta University. Contact her to schedule an interview on this topic or with one of our experts at 706-721-4094 or scarney@augusta.edu.
It's hard to find knowledgeable people on this topic, however, you sound like you know what you're talking about!
this web site and now this time I am browsing this website and reading very informative articles or reviews at this time.
and you're just extremely excellent. I really like what you've acquired here, really like what you're saying and the way in which you say it.
the book in it or something. I think that you could do with a few pics to drive the message home a little bit, but other than that,
I book marked it to my bookmark website list and will be checking back soon. Please check out my website as well and tell me how you feel.
adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to fresh updates and will talk about this blog with my Facebook group.
have time to go through it all at the moment but I have bookmarked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to
MCF and WITNESS Project mentioned in the Guyana Times today - Here's an excerpt and below is link to full article:
"...Children who experience domestic violence are at a higher risk for failure in school, emotional disorders, and substance abuse, and are more likely to perpetuate the cycle of violence. Overcoming the problem of domestic violence will prove to be difficult and a long-term challenge, but each and every one of us can help stop the cycle.
Last January, the embassy actively participated in the WITNESS Project – a campaign where Guyanese youths helped build awareness on domestic violence. Launched by the U.S.-based Margaret Clemons Foundation, the WITNESS Project engaged talented Guyanese youth to take photographs that became the basis of a city-wide poster campaign that sought to spark conversations on domestic violence and send a clear message: children are the most vulnerable and impressionable witnesses of domestic violence..."
Stabroek News Article in this past Sunday's paper about the 13 Guyanese students in Lesley U Master’s Program - made possible by MCF & The Ministry of Education:
Thirteen Guyanese who have worked with families and children recently entered a Master’s degree programme in ‘Trauma Sensitive Assessment and Consultation’ at the Lesley University in Boston. The cour
se consists of residency classes both in Guyana and at the university’s campus in addition to online classes.
Tuition and travel costs for the programme which started in July were provided through funding from UNICEF and the Ministry of Education in Guyana.
Margaret Clemons, whose foundation,‘The Margaret Clemons Foundation’ (also referred to as the Witness Project) supports the programme, told the Sunday Stabroek that the participants were drawn from the various administrative regions.
Described as a “unique graduate degree that equips graduates to address pressing social issues” the one-year degree programme has a model specifically designed to equip individuals who serve families and children via government agencies such as the Ministries of Education and Human Services and Social Security, and non-governmental organizations (NGOs) such as Help & Shelter.
The programme is tailored specifically to Guyanese needs, and graduates would be equipped to bring improved counseling and support services to urban and rural communities in a bid to help eliminate violence and trauma in Guyana.
The programme aims to build the capacity of those offering protection and welfare support services to meet the pressing needs of Guyana’s youths. Graduates are expected to emerge not only as skilled mental health practitioners, but also as strong community leaders equipped to train others in their respective organizations and fields.
According to Clemons the programme requires two three-week residences in Cambridge as well as two-week residences in Guyana, and the lecturers will travel to Guyana to meet the students. In the period between residencies the students would be in constant communication by email with the faculty.
The Government of Guyana nominated the students for consideration and the individuals submitted applications for admission to the graduate programme at the university. All applications were screened and evaluated by university admissions and then by the graduate programme faculty, and qualified individuals were offered admission.
Clemons disclosed that the programme is currently structured to be offered in cohorts of a maximum of 15 students. She said that Lesley University would like to offer this programme across the Caribbean and this possibility is being explored.
“The curriculum has the flexibility to meet the unique needs of the group of students in a given cohort. In the case of the Guyanese cohort, prior to developing the curriculum Lesley University administrators met with government officials as well as prospective students to ascertain the curriculum content that would be of most benefit to the students who would participate. Further, the curriculum is designed in such a way as to ensure that it is culturally relevant and adaptable to the settings where the students are employed,” Clemons explained.
Expanding on the involvement of her foundation Clemons said that it provided the impetus and the original concept that an arts based counselling programme for mental health providers might be useful.
“[The foundation] introduced Guyana to Lesley and provided seed funding to facilitate initial collaborative conversations,” she told this newspaper.
She disclosed that some of the initial undertakings to move the concept forward included a visit to Guyana with Lesley Associate Provost, Dr Gene Diaz and Division Director of the Division of Expressive Therapies, Mitchell Kossak, in March of 2010 for the purpose of gathering information from stakeholders and gaining a better understanding of needs and of the current programming underway.
The foundation had also invited then Minister of Human Services and Social Security Priya Manickchand in 2010 to select four candidates from her ministry consisting of probation officers who were already working with children and families in crisis, including inmates from various regions, to attend the summer programme at Lesley University Peaceable Schools & Communities.
That programme, she said, was augmented to include a robust arts programmme not part of Peaceable Schools. The foundation had also invited a counsellor from Help & Shelter to participate in the fully funded trip to Lesley. The five candidates travelled to Boston in June 2010, stayed on campus in student housing and participated fully in the programme.
“It was exciting to see these talented professionals participating in the programming and also helpful in better understanding the tools that best benefited them in their daily work,” Clemons said.
She pointed out that introducing programming that is culturally relevant is essential to the success of any programme, and as a result on returning to Guyana the ministry’s staff delivered a version of Peaceable Schools to other probation officers in Guyana.
This was followed up by a visit in October 2010 by Manickchand to appear as the keynote speaker at the Lesley University ‘Artist & Activist’ conference. According to Clemons, the Minister’s time at Lesley was used “wisely and she sat in on classes of expressive therapies where ‘arts’ based techniques were incorporated into the curriculum.”
The minister also spent hours working with programme developers for the masters degree to address issues of cultural relevancy. In December of the same year the foundation sponsored Chief Education Officer (CEO) Olato Sam to visit Lesley University to continue working with programme developers.
“This was also useful and added perspective from the Ministry of Education,” the foundation’s head said.
When the foundation rolled out its ‘Witness Project turns Guyana INSIDE OUT’ poster project in late January 2012, Gene Diaz and Catherine Koverola, Dean, Graduate School of Arts & Social Sciences at Lesley University travelled to Guyana for the inauguration and to meet government officials and prospective students in order to move the programming forward.
“While MCF has been instrumental in bringing this collaboration to fruition, needless to say, Lesley University has believed in this project and worked diligently at delivering programming that will make the difference. That this programming is now underway is our (MCF) greatest achievement,” Clemons said.
Today two of MCF’s WITNESS Project youths in Guyana, Marcel Persaud and Danita Jaundoo, along with Program Director Rosheni Takechandra, went to visit Canadian High Commissioner to Guyana David Devine to interview him for the WITNESS Project weekly youth page. The youth are interviewing various people for articles they will publish in the up and coming weekly youth page in the Stabroek News. The youth page will include interviews, stories, observations, poems, artwork and photography all created by the WITNESS Project youths. MCF is really excited about the youth newspaper page opportunity that will give the youth a loud and public voice to express their ideas, thoughts, and feelings in a creative way, allowing them to get their message out about how violence is affecting them and empowering them to be a part of the solution.
We are going to start updating our blog soon! So much has happened in a year. We’ve been updating the WITNESS Project Facebook page with all the news and will get the MCF blog up to speed.
Today there was a great article in the Guyana Times about the work MCF is doing in Guyana to build the template that once established will be used throughout the Caribbean, then Latin America, and hopefully the world:
For more exciting news that was not listed in this blog over the past year go to: https://www.facebook.com/WITNESS.Project
The Margaret Clemons Foundation (MCF) is a New York based non-profit organization with a mission to stop gender and child directed violence through arts based teaching, training, therapy, and community outreach.
Май 1995 — наст. время: Электрик, электромонтажник, Строительная компания ООО "ТИГРИС", г. Хабаровск.
The beauty of the British landscape is often overlooked. True, it may not have the highest mountains or widest forests, but what is does have in abundance is pure and straightforward charm.
It is this charm that I aim to portray through my photography and illustration. I am fascinated by the endearing landscapes around me; the subtle play of light on an ancient hillside or ethereal mist floating down a vale. I am also enthralled by the wild creatures that linger there; secretive beasts which often slip by completely unnoticed in our hastening world.
So, please stay a while and browse through my images. With any luck, the enchantment I feel for the world around me might just make its way through the screen and over to you too.
We are two fifth year students from Presentation Secondary School Tralee, who are currently doing a religion project on Pilgrimages we would love to do the pilgrimage and were wondering when is the next pilgrimage taking place as a group as we wouldnt be comfortable walking alone?
I was wiping the dust off my blog (seriously how hard would it be for me to post at least once a week?) when I stumbled upon this award left under the comments section of my last post. I am so sorry "scrappydew" that I didn't immediately respond. Shame on me.
I got an award! A blog award that is, from "Scrappydew", over at The Crooked Cutter Blog. Thanks very much Scrappy (may I call you Scrappy? If not, I appologize profusely). I appreciate the blog love :).
If you see your blog here, collect your own award, post it, and send out the same award to 15 new blogs. Post a comment on those blogs letting them know that they have won an award. Also post a link back to the blogger who gave you the award :)
All artwork and content on this blog are property of the artist unless otherwise indicated. Do not share, or distribute any image or media without permission. Feel free to link any person/s to my blog to download my files for themselves.
I have a list of free digital stamp files available for download! I also post my handmade cards, scrapbook pages and my artwork. Have a look around and enjoy :)
Verb Conjugation How to express yourself using regular verbs in Spanish. What is a verb? A verb expresses action. It means to do something to walk, to talk, to dance, to sing, to run, etc. Verb Conjugation????
MANUAL BIBLICO PDF ==> Download: MANUAL BIBLICO PDF MANUAL BIBLICO PDF - Are you searching for Manual Biblico Books? Now, you will be happy that at this time Manual Biblico PDF is available at our online
Edgar Quiñones HHRR: Common Sense Does Not Mean Business Objective Share experiences & insight gained in the last two decades in the management consulting business regarding why Common Sense Does Not Mean
Spanish Version provided Below Greater Waltown United Holy Church s Summer Reading and Math Program 706 Belvin Avenue Durham, N. C. 27712 (919) 220-7087 May 3, 2015 Dear Parent/Guardian: Summer can be
Any agent or officer who willfully violates section 701, 921, 922, 923, 924 or 951 is guilty of a Class E crime. [1987, c. 737, Pt. A, §2 (NEW); 1987, c. 737, Pt. C, §106 (NEW); 1989, c. 6, (AMD); 1989, c. 9, §2 (AMD); 1989, c. 104, Pt. C, §§8, 10 (AMD).]
One password unlocks the door to unlimited porn movies. Over 400 DVD's and access to every site in our network.
HOT SEXY Bikini Girls live on cam showing off their sweet tight little bikinies and then taking them off at your request. These hotties are doing everything to entertain you.
Latin Brazilian Beauties Are Waiting For You. Video Chat, IM and getting naked live on cam for you. These are the hottest cinnamon skinned honeys in the world. Visit now and enjoy all the women live.
My favorite live cam is of the guy who invites his neighbor over and he is on the phone around the corner while his wife is sucking the nighbors dick. Its probably planned but fun to watch.
The hottest guys with the hottest bodies getting naked on cam for your pleasure. Guy on guy action with the best deep throat blowjobs ever seen.
Watch Harley Quinn dance and strip naked on your desktop. Control her with a click of your mouse to dance, strip and even masterbate. The most erotic software in the world at your fingertips. FREE!!!
FREE and live on cam with the hottest little tight teen honeys. Best legit site you can find to enjoy your desires for the teeny tiny little models that you love to see.
Super tight tiny teenie teens naked and live on the beach having fun and oiled up for the sun and live on cam. Some are having too much fun with each other.
?1 Site on the Net for the infamous Video Dating Site. Adults ONLY of course. Signup absolutely FREE!!! Talk and Video Chat with some of the hottest singles in your area live online now.
LGN team is still completing this information, please feel free to edit the info if you know the Fashion Influencer's biography
This is clearly a European made badge (8cm tip of spear to bottom); in view of the provenance (see below), almost certainly by Gaunt's of London. The crossed rifles would appear to represent a pair of Martini-Henrys, so it's no surprise that, if they were buying Martinis from the British, their military badges were being made in London as well.
It is possible that this is a Cambodian badge. Presumably, either way, the crossed rifles signify that it is an infantry badge.
There are three lugs on the reverse and it is a die-struck piece from gilding metal. Its condition is excellent except that the point of the spear at the top of the badge has been distorted with age, though not broken.
Prov: from the J.R. Gaunt & Son Ltd. Pattern Book Archive, sold at auction by order of the National Army Museum, London.
The 3 medals have just arrived safely - very interesting. (From your description I was expecting ribbon to be dreadful; personally, I think that the "Russian Front" is beautifully 'aged'.)
Buddy Norton + Shelby Lowe live a Two Lanes lifestyle traveling in their van and painting gold leaf signs across America
Nothing shines like gold. It is irreplaceable, matchless. We have always been drawn to it, believed it is valuable and looked for unique ways to let its special properties shine. Today gold is used in the most ground-breaking ways, part of modern medical treatments, electronics and space missions. But the artists of Canned Pineapple, Buddy Norton and Shelby Lowe, have also resurrected one of its most traditional uses – they travel the country creating original signs from applied gold on the windows of businesses that want to shine just a bit more brightly than others on the block.
Buddy, a graphic designer/veteran sign painter/gold leaf sign master, and Shelby, a product marketer for a jewelry company, traded in their conventional jobs and personal living space for life on the road in a van — less space, more adventure.
“We were both in California stuck at jobs that didn’t suit us and the lifestyle that we wanted,” explains Buddy. “We had opportunities come up for work on the road but didn’t know how to put rubber to the road with the responsibilities that were keeping us tied down. We began searching on Craigslist for a vehicle we could modify to be our new home and settled on a 2007 Sprinter. Once the customizations were complete, we filled it with brushes, sheets of gold, and basic essentials, and set out across America.”
Being on the road full-time for the past year, Canned Pineapple has put plenty of miles on its tires. Work has taken Buddy and Shelby to Nashville, Denver, Baltimore, DC, Charleston, Atlanta, Kansas City, Boise, and all over southwest Utah. They’ll kick off a Pacific Northwest run this fall after a return visit to California.
“We aren’t afforded the luxury of being shy,” explains Shelby. “If we see a banner up, we just roll in and show our stuff. Construction sites are another easy way to find out about the business coming in. Or just using good ole Google for businesses ‘coming soon’.”
Back when sign painting was an art form, the painters were given free rein to create what looked best on the storefront. Today, with logos being part of so many marketing platforms, Buddy and Shelby have the exciting challenge of figuring out how to creatively incorporate an existing logo into an effective sign for each unique storefront. A new appreciation is emerging for the skills it takes to make an effective sign, and for the guilders and painters who have spent years honing those skills.
“We value greatly the tradition of gold and supporting American businesses,” declares Buddy. “We source our 23 karat gold leaf sheets from W&B, a fifth generation family business out of Chicago.”
Laying leaves can take a long time, but the reward is great. Sure, you could have vinyl up in an hour, but taking this route, you’ll have a sign the lasts much longer. It’s a detailed, time-consuming process, but it sends the message to customers that the businesses behind those gold-leafed windows are committed to high-quality products and first-class service. A business owner who’s invested in a sign from Canned Pineapple knows that good results require a focused mind and a delicate hand and can’t be rushed.
“People put so much time and effort into creating a business,” says Buddy. “We want to help bring it to life with a proper and well-thought-out sign. That moment they see the completed project, it’s like seeing their dream and vision come to fruition.”
Life on the road has rewarded Buddy and Shelby with starry nights in national parks, introduced them to new friends, and afforded them the chance to update this classic form of artistic expression. “Through this journey, we’ve felt our conviction,” says Buddy. “As risky as it was to leave the security of our more conventional lives, the reward of the freedom, passion and simplicity of #vanlife has been greater than we could have imagined.”
If you have a project and you’re ready to seal it in gold, contact with Canned Pineapple via Instagram, email, or Facebook.
Two Lanes is Mike Wolfe’s lifestyle brand that’s inspired by 25 years of exploring and rediscovering the often forgotten wonders found only on the back roads. LEARN MORE HERE.
Featuring the famous Nash car you see out in front of Antique Archaeology Iowa shop at the opening of American Pickers. Grab yours!
We’d recommend checking out their social media! They do a great job of sharing the location with their photos
I love your show also.If I ‘m not home I have the pvr set to record lm always looking for interesting new stuff. Love bikes though can’t ride anymore cause I broke my left leg 2012. Wasnt a bike acident though. Always look forward to you episodes.
Love the Two Lanes story of Buddy and Shelby. Maybe you could arrange for the History Channel to pick up their story and do a show similar to yours.
I was just at a coffee shop downtown in San Luis Obispo and saw your beautiful art work on the wall.
I have painted school murals and scenic prop designed for theatre. Please email me and I can return an email and attach files of my work. The web address above does not show everything.
Odd as it may seem, Christmas is a HUGE holiday in China. I saw every bit as many Christmas decorations as in the US. And this is not just in tourist areas. There may be even more Christmas music heard at restaurants, hotels, malls and shops compared to the US. Indeed, most of our US Christmas decorations are made in China, but it was amazing to see how many of them remain there! The experience was the same in various parts of China (I visited Beijing, Guangzhou and Dalian), so I know that it is not just a localized phenomenon. Many restaurants, especially upscale restaurants and those in tourist areas, are resplendent in Christmas decorations and the wait staff often wears red elf costumes, including hats. Of course, the hats are may be more popular because restaurants are often more drafty in China than in the US.
But what does Christmas mean in China? Christmas is primarily a commercial winter holiday. Red being a most auspicious color in Chinese culture probably helped this tradition to be imported in the People's Republic of China. It also helps that all things American, European and English are treated with interest in China. English is literally a second language there, with street signs, building markers and advertisements generally provided with English translations.
Walking down the street in Guangzhou, I encountered two Chinese young adults handing out pamphlets promoting a business that helps Chinese students learn English. It said "English perfects you. The better your English, the better your life." Indeed, English skills are promoted at all grade levels, often on a mandatory basis in China. There are more and more college programs where the content courses are taught in English. So, Christmas seems to fit right in, although not as a religious holiday (is it still considered a religious holiday in the US?)
China was not in need of a family holiday during the winter. They already have their "Spring Festival" which includes the Chinese New Year in February. During Spring Festival, people return to their families, generally with gifts. Migrant workers in cities flock home to the countryside by the tens of millions, perhaps the largest calendar-driven migration on this planet. But, entrepreneurs are always in need of more business, so the commercial aspects of Christmas are dominant in China, as well as the US.
One particular aspect of marketing Christmas in China has romantic overtones, something like our Valentine's Day, I've been told. Romantic meals at a restaurant and treatments at spas are popular themes. The theme of "Red" may be particularly attractive to Chinese, who favor the color but tend to dress quite modestly both in tone and exposure. Perhaps the red Santa hats are also fun to wear!
He was near Fort Knox where I'm going to school right now and we met up and went out for dinner at a local steak place.
Great guy to talk to and you really know that you can count on him if you need to. Sure would like to get out on the trail with you some time SGT and see what the deal is with those hammocks. :biggrin:
I had a great time too. Maybe someday we will have to have some sort of Hiking HQ get together for members.
Copyright 1999–2018 37 Eu Basket Sky December 5 Upsted W Lx Af1 Nike 898421402 g1nw8vxqP.™ All rights reserved.
Entry Level Job Resume Template Fresh social Worker Resume Sample, picture size 1700x2200 posted by Bruce Rios at April 26, 2018
, choices the top series with best quality simply for you, and now this images is usually considered one of graphics series within our greatest photos gallery about Lovely Stock Of Entry Level Job Resume Template. Lets hope you can want it.
published by simply Bruce Rios on 2018-04-26 02:27:44. To discover all photos throughout Lovely Stock Of Entry Level Job Resume Template photographs gallery you should adhere to that hyperlink.
Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. (I always reply to comments. If you do not receive a reply email, please check spam folder).
Thank you, dear Moshe, for another enriching dvar Torah. I am grateful for your insights, and challenged by your comments.
We have a unique method of checks and balances to make sure you are 100% delighted the the operate carried out.
I would want to begin by expressing ERS is a wonderful corporation, Steve built it seem like I was his only buyer. With that staying mentioned, the men and women they c…
The information and tips contained With this content are actually made from resources and thought to get dependable.
Proserve provides leading quality cleaning and restoration services in Fort McMurray and bordering regions. Considering that 1976, our certified professionals are already executing carpet cleaning and st...
If mold begins to infest your home or small business, you must expect a much larger Monthly bill in order to fully restore you home. Numerous scientific tests have demonstrated the dangerous health issues related to living in an ecosystem that has elevated amounts of mould. For this reason, you can find multiple expensive steps that need to be taken throughout a professional mould remediation to be able to make sure the indoor air excellent has become returned to standard.
Manny Perez (Sophisticated Microclean) is Probably the most Experienced companies I have ever experienced the enjoyment of dealing with. He is often prompt to create appointments, is amazingly courteous and educated.
We just purchased a fresh home and when taking away an previous mirror we identified a horrific mould Infestation. We named MRT, a staff of two folks arrived in in just three hrs and took samples needed for our insurance plan assert.
Ask for names of commercial or governmental organizations that the company has worked for and search for referrals.
Our corporation has developed alone with customer gratification as the final word objective. Contrary to other companies in the field Now we have specialists answering the cellphone for the duration of business hrs and answering company just after hours.
Just take Feldstein, an online marketing whiz who fell into restoration work. He suggests the various divisions of his enterprise pull in about $2 million a yr. He’s a born site web entrepreneur. Being a teen, he delivered knock-off Lacoste T-shirts to Toronto from China, and designed 1000's in only months marketing them to classmates.
Unexpected emergency board-up and web-site containment services: securing the home/premises and preserving the scene from even further fire and smoke damage.
They had been professional, punctual and respectful. We have been more than happy with many of the get the job done Vin has completed. Vin are going to be back to work on our initiatives likely forward.
The very first 24- to forty eight- hrs after fire damage are often known as the “golden hrs” of Restoration. A good crisis reaction that quickly stabilizes the power guarantees the Restoration of just as much assets as you possibly can. The acidic soot and smoke damage that is usually manufactured when fires are extinguished accelerates the deterioration and corrosion of constructing factors and crucial property.
When There exists a catastrophe at A personal home, apartment building or motor vehicle, fire and water restoration professionals must have a higher amount of sensitivity about private losses. In lots of instances, Individuals who browse around these guys have dropped their homes and residence may have community support in fire restoration companies fort mcmurray order to handle the costs of restoration.
Last Tuesday I dropped the best of my rest room tank and broke it (the tank, not the very best) and water was leaking around. I termed Roto Rooter plus they …
From Business enterprise: When you've got an insurance policies assert, there's no need to accept just what the coverage company provides. Insurance policies companies utilize skilled adjusters and it is actually within their…
I had important water damage but was concerned to not manage to find the money for it. Luckly I'd Ace to come out with there proposal and exsplainevery depth. They…
For that reason, choosing the right services to help with fire and water damage restoration might be a tough one, necessitating thorough thing to consider of what each gives.
Our Fire Restoration estimate assistance is one hundred% free. We don’t request ANY fiscal details and you can use us as again and again as you want.
The most typical types of dwelling fires are from cooking and heating machines, as they result in more substantial fires and in some cases fatalities during the home. When cooking, often use caution and have basic safety actions in place to stop a fire from transpiring.
Comment: Vacation trailer burned by customer, full decline. Need trailer taken off and disposed of and trailer good deal web-site cleaned up.
Schedules: Try to look for a company which will give a entire, comprehensive routine of steps that they're going to should complete before an approximated completion day.
The initial 24- to 48- hours just after fire damage are referred to as the “golden hours” of recovery. A good unexpected emergency reaction that swiftly stabilizes the facility ensures the recovery of as much property as you can. The acidic soot and smoke damage that is often developed when fires are extinguished accelerates the deterioration and corrosion of setting up components and important assets.
The company listings beneath are Component of the public area and therefore are not all affiliated with Restoration Community
The elite instruction 411 experience would make us equipped in water, ash, smoke, and odor removal from every type of home elements.
Misplaced shopper knowledge as a result of More Bonuses water damage could also expose the company to legal and regulatory liabilities. In the information financial state, a simple electrical accident involving water damage to non-public information can wipe out the viability of a business faster compared to Bodily damage from a fire or flood.
We specialize in whole assistance roofing and roofing repairs. Leaks and 24 hour unexpected emergency company. Tarps and board ups. Lacking shingles and insurance coverage claims.
The teams that labored on our home have been courteous and Skilled. fire restoration services baltimore The On-Internet site manager for our venture, Mike, was knowing and productive! He designed positive the job was looked after. He was a hands-on supervisor. This is the workforce to look at these guys acquire when nature throws you a curve ball. "
Adhering to an ammonia explosion at a chilly storage facility in Green Bay, Wisconsin, BELFOR’s emergency reaction teams had been on-web site giving catastrophe cleanup and ammonia decontamination services. A local University’s dormitory suffered a sprinkler burst which influenced 5 flooring of university student housing.
Our firm has developed itself with customer gratification as the final word goal. As opposed to other companies in the sphere We've got authorities answering the telephone in the course of business enterprise several hours and answering service immediately after hrs.
Eclipse Restoration is often a hectic company that performs work on behalf of big insurance policy companies executing fire and flood cleanup and restoration.... Simply use 3 days in the past - help you save job - more...
We acquire facts from you by inquiring that you just give it to U.S.A. on-line, via a cellular application or device or by means of diverse implies that by that We now have a tendency to communicate with you. We've a tendency to In addition collect facts after you value additional highly to communicate with U.S.A. or Once you worth much more really to use our services to speak with diverse U.
You should Observe that each one income figures are approximations primarily based on third party submissions to Without a doubt. These figures are presented towards the In truth consumers for the goal of generalized comparison only. Minimum wage may differ by jurisdiction and it is best to seek advice from the employer for genuine salary figures.
Rainbow Global Restoration delivers emergency services 24 hrs each day, 7 days every week in the event of flood, fire or water damage to property. Accredited professionals also cleanse and deodorize Homes which have endured damage.
We now have created the by means of research and also have shown the enterprise click here for more info which might be a hundred% Authentic. Be at liberty to check out the small business near you.
According to the hottest numbers with the Nationwide Fire Safety Association, a structure fire is noted each and every sixty five seconds. When the alarm Seems, emergency responders and fire departments reply the call for help with swift and decisive motion.
Correcting a crack within the bathtub and reglazing it. Repair service of patio wall which was water damaged. Eco Restoration did a fantastic work about the tight schedule having said that initial estimate differed from the final expenses.
The dangerous effects of water are sharply lowered by prompt and successful intervention, especially inside the initial 24-forty eight hours. Despite the fact that the damage may perhaps appear intense, cleanup and restoration can produce remarkable final results.
'I have attempted to finish my lifetime': Hernia mesh individuals overcome by agony Exam your chance of cardiovascular disease which has a new on the internet Way of life calculator Montreal public click here to find out more wellbeing joins force urging Ottawa to decriminalize all drugs
Any renovation that features submitting permits, building, or electrical or plumbing function is best accomplished by a seasoned contractor who fire restoration companies toronto is aware neighborhood codes.
To provide the best knowledge although applying This great site, you have got to update your browser. You might want to try one of the following choices:
They concentrate on fire and water damage restoration, the cornerstone of our organization. SERVPRO Franchise Specialists have in depth coaching and products to get your house again to pre-fire condition.
Mindful removing and securing of damaged household products, own belongings and also other contents for cleaning and restoration
Industrial quality water extractors, dehumidifiers, air movers along with other devices accustomed to successfully clear away water resulting from fire extinguishing efforts
They may also begin promptly repairing water damage from damaged pipes and firefighting efforts. Key in your zip code and HomeAdvisor will connect you to pre-screened specialists near you.
After a fire catastrophe you might be in shock, come to feel confused or merely don’t know what to accomplish. We understand this is a really emotional time for you, and we're right here that can help.
Fires may be Primarily devastating to your home or business. Following the fire trucks go away, your residence will very likely are afflicted by not only fire and smoke damage, but will also common water damage and flooding from firefighting efforts. SERVPRO Franchise Industry experts have specialised fire and water damage restoration teaching and practical experience to swiftly clean up up and restore your home to pre-fire issue.
Ads on This web site are positioned and managed by outside promotion networks. ConsumerAffairs.com won't Consider or endorse the solutions and services advertised. Begin to see the FAQ For more info.
We aid the people today of Cleveland with water extraction, drying and rebuild. Thats suitable, a single simply call does it all! Most of these issues materialize after you the very least count on it. For that purpose we offer our services to the general public 24 several hours every day, 7 days weekly, 365 days a calendar year. So no matter when these troubles strike, you’ll realize that WM&File is your ally inside the fight from Water Damage Cleveland.
Following a fire catastrophe you may be in shock, come to feel overcome or maybe don’t know what to carry out. We realize this is a very emotional time for you personally,
Water damage from bursting pipes, article source sewer backups, faulty plumbing, dishwashers, washing machines – or simply the water the Fire Office used to place out your fire – could potentially cause significant damage for your home or organization. Not forgetting it may possibly compromise the structural integrity of the home or industrial setting up.
“Preferred” listings, or Those people with highlighted Web page buttons, show YP advertisers who directly give details about their firms to aid consumers make additional educated obtaining conclusions. YP advertisers acquire larger placement while in the default ordering of search engine results and could look in sponsored listings on the best, side, or base from the search results web page.
Other than your own belongings receiving destroyed by water, indoor mold development is the greatest menace to broaden the damage to your home or enterprise and personal belongings. Supplied the correct atmosphere, mould can start to improve in lower than 24 hrs. Quite simply just, we hold the gear to have almost everything dry much faster than you at any time could. We are saying swift action is so very important when it comes to restoring a water damaged residence simply because mildew progress can begin so quickly.
Our fire restoration pros might also assist with both household and commercial fire damage fix services, guaranteeing your occupation is finished suitable, The very first time. When you are searching for the best fire damage maintenance navigate to this site services, then be sure to total our speedy on the net kind with all the small print of your needs.
Regardless if you are a homeowner or an Coverage Qualified, we pleasure ourselves on being the best restoration contractor to work with. We provide a single place of Call from the day of one's decline right up until your occupation is completed.
Empty your fridge and freezer if there is no electric power. Once vacant, prop the doorway open up to prevent odors from build up within.
Permit ServiceMaster Restore guide you through the entire process of Placing your home back again together. We have now 65 decades of experience in cleaning and restoring homes. We provide expertise and compassion, because we know every scenario and every homeowner is unique.
I have quite aged Canine and he or she at times has accidents. I believed I had been about to should toss out my sectional. Its below two a long time old. A handful of buddies recommended steam area. Not simply ended up they in a position to have the smell out they have been in a position to get the dark spots out likewise plus the best component wa…
Our specialists have arms-on, Specialist teaching and encounter in A variety of services. From photos, paperwork and contents, towards the composition alone, we could restore your home and your cherished possessions
To have the exceptional expertise though using This great site, you need to update your browser. You may want to consider one of the next options:
They focus on fire and water damage restoration, the cornerstone of our enterprise. SERVPRO Franchise Professionals have intensive coaching and equipment to get your house back to pre-fire ailment.
Locate a local restoration service who will be onsite promptly and my company begin building repairs in your home. Fire damage is in depth, whether or not it's restricted to a small region. Every thing from the flooring into the wiring and kitchen fixtures may need to get replaced. Skilled restorers can:
I utilized Daisy Fresh new for my rental house. The carpet was seriously filthy, I used to be anxious which get redirected here i must replace it. Daisy Fresh was in time, …
Thanks Imperial Restoration for all the things you've done that can help restore the homes and investments of Houston. Your employees could be the golden typical. We're so grateful for anything you've got done!
SERVPRO Franchise Professionals thoroughly clean and restore your assets applying specialized equipment and cleaning techniques. Their “restore initial” mentality cuts down interruption and gets you back again to your daily life.
Fires is usually Specially devastating to the home or organization. Once the fire trucks leave, your property will probably experience not merely fire and smoke damage, but in addition popular water damage and flooding from firefighting efforts. SERVPRO Franchise Pros have specialized fire and water damage restoration teaching and knowledge to swiftly cleanse up and restore your home to pre-fire affliction.
As you ended up searching anything regarding your browser made us Feel you have been a bot. There are a few this contact form good reasons this could possibly materialize: You are a electrical power user relocating through this Internet site with Tremendous-human velocity.
After a fire disaster you may well be in shock, really feel confused or simply don’t know what to carry out. We have an understanding of this is a really emotional time for yourself, and we have been below to help.
As Accredited fire remediation gurus, we use quite possibly the most Innovative processes and tools while in the field and implement systematic best tactics honed about the 30-plus a long time we’ve been within the small business.
Review Packet This review document is broken into five main sections: PAGE SECTION DESCRIPTION Pg. 2-3 LA LETRA Two sets: Spanish lyrics Spanish lyrics with English translation Pg. 4-6 ANTES To be used
Regardless of skill level, The Glen Masters Swimming program offers any interested adult member the chance to improve their efficiency, fitness, and technique in the water
Exploring the Ancient Gospels of Ethiopia It’s not every day that scholars discover new Bible manuscripts from the ancient world. It’s even rarer ... [Read More]
"Marginalia is terrific. Its creators and writers have taught us all how to discuss and debate profound humanistic scholarship in a readable and accessible way."
"Marginalia is terribly impressive. The intellectual range, depth, and quality of writing are remarkable"
Open mornings for September 2019 admissions will take place at 9:15am on Thursday 8th November and Tuesday 13th November, please contact the school office to book a place.
As a school we follow the Rochester Diocesan materials in line with the Kent Agreed Syllabus, ensuring a broad and balanced curriculum. Staff supplement the plans with creative and engaging input and activities, such as teaching through art and drama.
Teaching of Christianity covers two-thirds of the curriculum, with other world faiths being taught the remainder of the time.
This ensures the children are able to understand that people have different beliefs, preparing them for life in a multi-cultural society.
Legends of Chamberlain Heights follow the lives of three high school freshman Jamal, Milk, and Grover. These three are benchwarmers on the school basketball team, but legends in their own minds.
MadaLuxe Group, the Seal Beach, Calif.–headquartered company that distributes luxury goods in off-price and full-line channels, has named Adam Freede its chief executive officer. He was previously president of the company.
MadaLuxe also sells accessories, timepieces and eyewear at its e-boutique (madaluxevault.com) as well as clothes at its bricks-and-mortar store, called MadaLuxe Vault, at the Citadel Outlets retail center. MadaLuxe Vault just opened in December 2017. The company said it has identified a second location in San Clemente, Calif.
Freede was a cofounder of MadaLuxe Group, which started business in 2010. MadaLuxe cofounder and former chief executive officer Sandy Sholl is taking on the role of executive chairman. She will continue to oversee the company’s retail, e-commerce and marketing, according to a company statement.
Sholl said that her company is a pioneer in the luxury and off-price markets. “As the retail industry continues to evolve, driven by tech-savvy consumers, we have created a new luxury off-price boutique shopping experience with the MadaLuxe Vault,” Sholl said. “As executive chairman, I will be bringing new experiences to consumers so they can engage with the MadaLuxe brand. It will also complement our retail and brand partners, offering access to carefully curated products both in-store and online.”
Freede said it is a boom time for off-price. “The off-price sector is experiencing faster acceleration in both store count and sales than the North American retail industry overall. As the dominant distributor of off-price luxury in the wholesale market, MadaLuxe Group is uniquely positioned to modernize the off-price market by meeting the needs of the informed consumer who wants affordable, curated items with a steady flow of luxury product,” Freede said in a prepared statement.
MadaLuxe Group also announced it has signed a lease on a 9,000-square-foot office in New York City, and it will open a Manhattan showroom this spring. For 2017, MadaLuxe expects it retail sales will be more than $200 million.
MadaLuxe also serves as an equity partner in the contemporary women’s brand Haute Hippie, which is headquartered in the Los Angeles area.
MadaLuxe Vault is a division of MadaLuxe Group, the largest luxury wholesale distributor in North America. We guarantee that every item we sell is 100% authentic and new. We never sell pre-owned or vintage items, and have an in-house quality control team that is solely dedicated to authenticating the condition and documentation for every item we buy from our luxury brand partners. The MadaLuxe Vault authenticity seal is our assurance that an item has undergone not one, but two rigorous quality and authentication inspections.
madetosharetocare https://madetosharetocare.wordpress.com I am a stay-at-home mom with two sweet and crazy-fun kids, and (if I may) a super supportive husband.I've worked in the retail and hospitality fields, I've dabbled in direct sales, lastly; have been a professional volunteer for the past 7 years. And like a lot of others out there, none of those are what I graduated college with! Grew up in New York, lived in the Philippines, Chicago, Arizona, San Antonio, and now back on the East Coast. In all of that you learn a lot, see a lot and experience a ton.
Ahhh….spa…. yes, sometimes it seems like a pipe dream!! Why? Because there are days that you feel you hit the ground running the moment you open your eyes.
Is there anything out there that can give a little of that fresh from the spa feeling in a short amount of time?
Well yes, yes there is. It so happens I received a gift set. The box contains a great array of products from the Rituals USA brand.
Love the “oh ah” moment when you see the box. I choose the Ritual of Ayurveda. It’s a nice balance of sweet almond oil and Indian rose. I’m very sensitive to scents because of my allergies, this one isn’t overwhelming.
Time to try it…. it’s creamy and “solid”, once you gently rub it on your skin you feel the softness. The scent lightly in the air.
My set also included an oil that can be used on your body and hair as well. This is like the “sprinkles on a sundae “! Using all of the products can give you a sense of relaxation. The cherry on the sundae is the matching candle.
The sets make a great gift. When you unwrap to see a beautiful box and smell what’s inside- the recipient will feel loved!! Take a look over at :
I was very lucky with my set, and would like to give Rituals USA and Tryazon for the complimentary set. Really glad that a Holiday catalogue was also included, the “list” is being checked off!!
Halloween is practically here!! Costumes are at the ready and the kids are anticipating what goodies they’ll be getting!!
As parents we do our part to maintain a healthy balance of allowing sweet treats and not throwing off the healthy routine they are in.
I’m sure you’ve noticed that some include palm oil. Now, palm oil isn’t the same as back in the day, or the same with each product. But, if the palm oil is sustainable Malaysian Palm oil then you know it’s all good. But how will you know?
With the permission from the The publishes of the Malaysia Palm Oil Council newsletters I would love to share with you their article that guides you and lists which candies contain sustainable Malaysia Palm Oil:
Halloween is one of my favorite holidays. It is so much fun to see the little ones dressed as their favorite characters. And let’s face it, who doesn’t love candy?
Growing up, I was never allowed to have too much candy. Now that I’m a mom, I understand why my parents were so strict with candy. In fact, I am also pretty strict with candy but thankfully there are so many better options now that my kids can have a green Halloween with better-for-you candy and not even realize that we’re doing things a little differently.
There are two things that concern me about Halloween: the amount of crappy candy my kids get and all those individually wrapped treats. Let’s face it, all that wrapping creates lots of waste that our planet doesn’t need.
Thankfully, the candy industry is gradually yielding to pressure from environmentalists and has started doing the right thing. For example, you can now buy candy in bulk, minimizing the use of packaging and wrapping.
You no longer need to be concerned about palm oil, a common candy ingredient, if it comes from Malaysia. A while back I did an investigative report on palm oil after hearing so much conflicted information. I’m happy to report that palm oil coming from Malaysia follows strict environmental practices, they’re even a huge contributor to wildlife conservation and it’s not bad for you.
Even companies like Nestle and Mars have switched to using Malaysian palm oil due to the pressure of their consumers. Which goes to show you how much power we all have when we chose with our dollars!
While candy may never qualify as “healthy” and should always be consumed in moderation, Halloween is a good opportunity to teach your own kids how to understand food labels and help them understand which ingredients to look for as well as which to avoid.
Since my kids are still really young, we haven’t started reading labels but they know how to find the USDA Organic label on the snacks and treats we buy. They know if it doesn’t have that label, we can’t get it and they don’t even put up a fight.
This works for us because I constantly explain to my children why we do things they way we do, because even at their young age they can understand that some things like candy can only be eaten in moderation and that we want to avoid foods that have been sprayed with chemicals pesticides (hence why they look for the USDA Organic label). We also talk a lot about the environment: about not polluting our planet, explaining that a lot of the trash ends up in the ocean and we don’t want to hurt the sea life, and that we have to take care of our planet.
Halloween doesn’t mean we have to eat conventional candy. Now you can find lots of organic, non-GMO options, and even vegan and gluten-free ones.
Unreal Candy: All of its chocolate is certified by Fair Trade USA and they even use natural ingredients such as beetroot, carrot and red cabbage juices to color the candy coatings.
CLIF ZKIDS Bars/Brownies and/or Organic Fruit Ropes: These are USDA Certified Organic, and contain no artificial flavors or synthetic preservatives. My kids are not big fans of the bars but they love the fruit ropes.
YumEarth Lollipops: I like these because they are USDA Certified Organic and they have a wide variety of candy, not just lollipops.
Endangered Species Bug Bites: Although these are not organic, they are made with ethically traded cacao and gluten-free. Plus, a percentage of the profits is donated to support conservation efforts.
GoOrganic Fruit Chews: These are Non-GMO Project Verified and USDA Certified Organic. The chews are made with Fair Trade-Certified sugar, and the bulk candy comes in home-compostable, cellophane bags.
Glee Gum Pops: If you’re looking for a better version of the lollipop with gum inside, then you’ll have try these. They are Non-GMO Project Verified, and one of the few North American gums still made with chicle, a tree sap harvested sustainably. The company partners with a nonprofit group to plant trees, revitalizing degraded lands.
Surf Sweets Fruity Bears: Available in Halloween treat packs of 20, they are USDA Certified Organic and Non-GMO Project Verified. They are also free of the 10 most-common allergens. Wholesome, which makes these bears, also sells lots of other types of candies and gummies!
Dagoba Assorted Gems: In addition to being USDA Certified Organic, these chocolates are made with cacao from Rainforest Alliance Certified farms.
Justin’s Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups: These are made with organic, fair trade chocolate and locally sourced ingredients. The company donates part of its proceeds to worldwide hunger relief and poverty relief.
Nib Mor Chocolate: This company’s products are organic and non-GMO. They have hot chocolate packets as well as the bite-sized treats.
I know what you’re thinking, “My neighbors give out the crappy candy…” but that doesn’t mean your child has to eat it. There are two ways around this:
Celebrate Halloween with the Switch Witch. The Switch Witch comes on Halloween night and takes all the candy that you’ve left out for her. In exchange, she leaves you a toy. Download a free template letter for the Switch Witch here.
Talk to your children about the candy and simply be honest. Explain that the candy they give out on Halloween is not made with the best ingredients and that you will switch out their Halloween candy for their organic candies of choice.“
Of course, you don’t always have to give candy or sweet treats. They also offer some great non- candy ideas:
If you’re giving out treats this year, remember that there are lots of kids who have allergies and who can’t always eat the candy we give out. The best thing to do is to have a bucket of candy and a bucket of non-candy treats.
This is what we do in our home and we let children choose from which bucket they want a treat. Click here for lots of ideas on non-candy treats.
Your favorite haunted holiday is scary enough without considering the large volume of waste created by Halloween celebrations. This year add a new dimension to your Halloween fun by making it more earth-friendly. Here are some ideas to get you started:
Send party invitations online: Evites save paper and are available with super cute graphics. Plus, they make it easy to keep track of your guest list.
Use natural or recycled decorations: Mother Earth provides us with pumpkins and colorful fall leaves to get us started. Get the kids involved by making creepy crafts and setting up your food display in a creepy way. Also, check second-hand stores for upcycled bargains on someone else’s discarded decorations.
Serve those pumpkin seeds: Once you’ve carved the pumpkin, rinse and roast the seeds. They are a rich source of zinc, a nutrient that supports a healthy immune system and is important to your senses of taste and smell.
Use biodegradable plates and napkins: You can find biodegradable and compostable plates and napkins, and even biodegradable cutlery. Check out these options.
Hold a pre-party costume swap: In addition to exchanging entire costumes with friends, neighbors and family, you may want to mix and match various costume components to come up with entirely new and creative ideas.
Announce that you’ll be holding a contest for the most imaginative eco-friendly costume: You might be surprised by the imaginative costumes people make using recycled toilet paper rolls, cardboard boxes and other items found around the house. Encourage your friends to come up with their own Halloween costumes. Jump online for inspiration!
Use LED and solar-powered lights: These look really beautiful at night and since they’re solar powered, you’ll save on electricity usage. Plus, they’re great to use all year round.
Entertain the kids with traditional games: Games like bobbing for apples and Pin the Broom on the Witch are still fun!
By switching the focus of Halloween to one that is a back-to-basics, spine-chilling good time, you’ll save a little money as well as reduce the amount of waste that ends up in the landfill. “
Talk about informative! Thank you to Carolina King for all the research. Personally I like to keep a copy of the list of candies that include the “better” palm oil.
I know you’re thinking “but I already bought my candy!!”. It’s ok, this is great for future reference.
But what if you just need to slow it down and kick back. But not too far back- gotta have some fun too!!
With various themes and it’s own case, you can find a set that fits you and you can take anywhere! It’s a game of who’s “stats” are higher. Winner takes all, because if you have everyone’s cards – you win!!!
How about a portable word game that quick and fun! And guess what? It’s not a condensed scrabble set. It’s Lexicon Go!
This a word forming game, the twist is you can build on your opponents’ word. For example the word is “butter” and “fly” for “butterfly” and you’ve scored more points, blocking off the other players.
Both games are a bunch of fun! Bonus is that kids can play too. With Top Trumps kids can learn their number values. And with Lexicon Go it can help with their spelling and vocabulary.
It goes without saying, we women live busy lives. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not disqualifying the worth of the male population. All I’m saying is that women, may you be single, married (with or without children), single mom, or caregiver and every thing in between and or combined- everyday is hectic!
Sometimes it’s to the point that you need “me time” but have to put it on the back burner. Even the simple task of shaving your legs is done on the fly.
Shaver for women? They don’t always hold up the way you’d like them to. I believe I have found one that can live up to our expectations.
We have curves! Yes, on our legs too!! The contoured shape makes it easier to handle over our curves and give us the shave we are looking for. Remember we’re shaving our legs not burly beards!!!
What comes to mind if I ask you to picture tables set with classic Italian food, smooth (adult) drinks, the finest cigars, and a little “ol’ blue eyes” in the background? No, it’s not an old picture of the Rat Pack. It’s actually an evening event at Maggiano’s Richmond- their Cigar and Pasta dinner event!!
Feeling parched? Love to support local fare? Then Belle Isle Premium Moonshine it is! A Virginia born craft spirit, that also offers flavor infused variations. Handmade from 100% organic corn, we learn that they are quadruple charcoal filtered and are distilled to a lower of proof than vodka but higher than whiskey. Which is probably what gives it its smooth enjoyable finish, truly not the moonshine from the past.
It is a cigar event too….. our local cigar retailer Havana Connections has us covered! Each attendee received two cigars. Not just any off a shelf- but a cigar from two of the most widely known and established cigar makers; Romeo y Juliet’s and H. Uppman
Have you ever noticed that when you have a gathering at your house we all wind up in the kitchen talking and laughing…. my husband and I have always dreamt of building a home that would be built around the kitchen!
Maggiano’s is one establishment that knows about family and special moments. Starting with the fabulous food, to the special service you receive every time you go.
Where Chef Marcelo takes the Junior chefs from salad to dessert!! The kids love it!! They learn a life skill, get a feeling of independence and accomplishment.
But wait!!! The Maggiano’s in my area have now also begun Adult Cooking Classes!! Can’t let the kids have all the fun! Learn more about the dishes you love. These classes begin with a very adult treat, a cocktail. For our first one it was a classic Mojito taught to us by our local GM Dean-
This is an event you’ll want to be a part of. So contact your local Maggiano’s and ask about their classes. Make it a date night, or maybe a night out with the girls. You’ll be making memories…..
Yes, Fall is officially here! And….. so are the allergens and allergy triggers. Even with the crisp cooler air ragweed, mold, and other weeds are there too. Need relief?
I do (hand raised)!! How do I deal with it? I am fortunate enough to own a WINIX air purifier…. Why WINIX? Because of the difference you feel. I’m not basing it off of their website or reviews on other websites. I suffer from many allergies, and when I can breathe easy in my home and have a good nights sleep without sneezing or congestion, I know it’s working.
Why do I prefer Winix? Their features are top notch! Starting with the HEPA filters, which by the way, the filters are easy to clean and install. Plasmawave technology may sound “ooh-ahhh”, and it is!!
I absolutely love that I can open my Winix app and see the air quality of the rooms I spend a majority of time in. From the app I can also control my air purifier.
Don’t think they are just for allergies. Unfortunately, the smoke from the tragic California wildfires have hit the Colorado area, even as far as the South East area of Virginia! I must also mention that C535 has a 5 stage filtration that can tackle pet hair!
One thing is for sure, there is a Winix air purifier that is right for you. You can find the right one for the right space/area coverage and ones that suit all your needs.
What if you like to see them before you buy them? Costco and Bed, Bath, and Beyond carry a model or two.
Join us for lessons and inspiration from the life of our Beloved Nabi (Peace and blessings upon him and his family)
We provide our clients with the care they need and know what’s best for each individual. Regardless if you are looking for allergy testing or natural medicine we can help. We offer a wide range of treatment options for anything from a cold/flu to joint pain. Contact us today to schedule your appointment.
We provide hormone testing to detect an imbalance of your hormone to determine if hormone replacement therapy is needed.
Thyroid screening and therapy to optimize the thyroid gland. Thyroid treatments can help increase energy, metabolism and focus.
Our allergy testing provides a tailored approach to your symptoms. Most people suffer from 2 types of allergies: Food Allergies and Seasonal Allergies.
Balancing natural and prescription meds to allow for the most natural treatment possible for most ailments.
IV Therapy Treatment involves injecting nutrients directly into your bloodstream which allows your body to absorb more nutrients than oral consumption.
We use hormone replacement therapy to treat adrenal fatigue, which is when your adrenal glands and pituitary gland function below optimal levels, causing you to feel tired and weak.
Thermograms are FDA-approved screenings to detect early stage breast cancer. Digital Infrared Thermal Imaging (DITI) is a 15-minute, non-invasive test of physiology.
1212. November 2018 1313. November 2018 1414. November 2018 1515. November 2018 1616. November 2018 1717. November 2018 1818. November 2018
Perfect for live streaming, viewing phone, watching movie and enjoying music in bedroom, car, bicycle, gym, office, exhibition and more.
Come with a detachable bottom clamp, you can easily and effortlessly attach it to any surface with width is less than 4.5cm / 1.8".
The tube is made of durable mild metal, flat shape and plastic wrapped, easy to bend and comfortable to wear.
Powstro Mini Flexible Octopus Digital Camera Tripod Holder for Gopro Mount Bracket Stand Display Support for Cell Phone Holder
In no event will the Kheri district be liable for any expense, loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any expense, loss or damage whatsoever arising from use, or loss of use, of data, arising out of or in connection with the use of this Portal.
Links to other websites that have been included on this Portal are provided for public convenience only. We cannot guarantee the availability of such linked pages at all times.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India.
Material featured on this website may be reproduced free of charge after taking proper permission by sending a mail to us. However, the material has to be reproduced accurately and not to be used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context. Wherever the material is being published or issued to others, the source must be prominently acknowledged. However, the permission to reproduce this material shall not extend to any material which is identified as being copyright of a third party. Authorization to reproduce such material must be obtained from the departments/copyright holders concerned.
This website does not automatically capture any specific personal information from you, (like name, phone number or e-mail address), that allows us to identify you individually.
If the website requests you to provide personal information, you will be informed for the particular purposes for which the information is gathered e.g. feedback form and adequate security measures will be taken to protect your personal information.
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the website site to any third party (public/private). Any information provided to this website will be protected from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
We gather certain information about the User, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, domain name, browser type, operating system, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. This links have been placed for your convenience. We can not guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over availability of linked pages.
What will machines learn from humanity? We can hope they’ll hear no evil, see no evil, speak no evil and obey the Three Laws of Robotics but Gidget the Gadget may become a respected member of the family, while the Dissembly Meme still goes viral in these two short reads. (Approximately a total of 4607 words)
What self–respecting Viking can resist raiding new lands? Jormungandr the Midgard Serpent, son of Loki the Trickster, and the jotun Ymirling, won’t pass up the chance to ravage, Turtle Island, a land unprotected by Thor the Thunderer! (Approximately 4334 words.)
Flurry Of Federal And State Probes Target Insulin Drugmakers And Pharma Middlemen | Kaiser Health News
With the price of a crucial diabetes drug skyrocketing, at least five states and a federal prosecutor are demanding information from insulin manufacturers and the pharmaceutical industry’s financial middlemen, seeking answers about their business relationships and the soaring price of diabetes drugs.
Attorneys general in Washington, Minnesota and New Mexico issued civil investigative demands this year and are sharing information with Florida and California, according to various corporate financial filings.
Insulin makers Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk, Sanofi and top pharmacy benefit manager CVS Health are targets in the state investigations. Several of the financial filings note that the state and federal prosecutors want information regarding specific insulins for specific dates in relation to “trade practices.”
They appear to be looking into potentially anti-competitive business dealings that critics have leveled at this more than $20 billion niche market of the pharmaceutical industry, according to analysts and court filings reviewed by Kaiser Health News. These include whether drugmakers and middlemen in the supply chain have allowed prices to escalate in order to increase their profits.
At the same time, prominent class-action lawyers are bringing suits on behalf of patients. Steve Berman, an attorney best known for winning a multibillion-dollar settlement from the tobacco industry, alleged collusion and said it was time to break up the “insulin racket.”
The price of insulin — a lifesaving drug — has reached record highs as Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk and Sanofi raised prices more than 240 percent over the past decade to often over $300 a vial today, with price rises frequently in lockstep, according to information technology firm Connecture.
Those prices take a toll on patients like 21-year-old Hunter Sego, who needs about four vials a month for his Type 1 diabetes. When he went to the pharmacy last year, the drug was no longer on a preferred tier and the price had risen to $487 a vial, compared with about $200 from a few years ago. Insurance companies often take drugs off a preferred list in response to pharmaceutical price rises to discourage overuse, a business strategy that leaves patients stuck in the middle.
The DePauw University junior began skipping doses, knowing that his parents were paying cash until they met their health plan’s high deductible. Sego lost weight and felt lethargic, and his grades suffered. Sego’s college football coach finally called his mother to ask what was going on.
“I have to watch him like a hawk because I know he is trying to save money,” said his mother, Kathy Sego.
Last year, before the states took action, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, one of the nation’s most powerful federal prosecutors, issued civil investigative demands to Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk, Sanofi and Express Scripts, according to financial filings.
“There is enough concern about competition in the drug industry to have galvanized forces at the state and federal level to create specific pictures of abuse,” said Diana Moss, president of the American Antitrust Institute after hearing of the investigative demands.
Attorneys general use the legally binding demands to collect evidence, such as documents and emails, and testimony to help “piece together any number of stories about potential competitive harm,” Moss said.
Insulin prices have risen at regular intervals for years, Connecture’s research shows, but the trend has become more pronounced in the past few years. For example, in the final months of 2007, Sanofi’s Lantus cost $88.20 per vial and Novo Nordisk’s Levemir $90.30 a vial. Today, after increasing in tandem over the years, Lantus costs $307.20 per vial and Levemir runs $322.80 for the same amount, based on average wholesale prices.
The increases “don’t all happen on the same exact day, but they happen pretty close to each other on the calendar,” said Jim Yocum, senior vice president of federal contracts with Connecture. “I don’t know of any other industry where such regular price increases have been the norm.”
The United States is one of the few developed countries without regulations on prescription drug pricing. So, one of the few tools available for the government to curb price increases is to show fraudulent or anti-competitive practices.
Late last year, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) asked the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission to investigate, noting “the potential coordination by these drug makers may not simply be a case of ‘shadow pricing,’ but may indicate possible collusion.”
Spokespeople for Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk and Sanofi said in separate statements that each company sets prices independently. Novo Nordisk’s Ken Inchausti added: “We monitor market dynamics and our competitors’ pricing through public and subscription databases that track list prices.”
Each of the pharmaceutical companies said it is committed to ensuring patients have access to medicine. Novo Nordisk, which makes Novolog and Levemir, also pledged to limit price increases. Eli Lilly has announced a discounted insulin program.
State and federal prosecutors often begin investigations because of consumer and whistleblower complaints, several civil and antitrust attorneys said, and gripes about rising insulin prices have been roiling the online diabetes community for the past few years.
Indeed, James Tierney, former attorney general of Maine and a lecturer at Harvard Law School, said the civil investigative demands are not uncommon and the companies “may be totally innocent.”
It’s difficult to know exactly what the state and federal prosecutors are looking for, though, Tierney said. The investigations are often sealed from the public, revealed primarily when public companies acknowledge receiving them in their financial filings.
Nearly all of the federal and state officials declined to confirm or deny the investigations, except Washington and New Mexico officials, who confirmed the existence of the civil investigative demands.
Still, clues about the insulin investigations can be pieced together from corporate filings. They focus on issues like pricing and business relationships. Several ask for information about specific insulins regarding certain years.
In January — at about the same time states began filing civil demands — the first of a handful of potential class-action lawsuits that were national in scope were filed.
A U.S. district judge combined Berman’s suit and several other national cases last month, adding the pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs (Express Scripts, CVS and UnitedHealth Group with its division OptumRx) as defendants.
Berman and the other attorneys declined interview requests. But attorneys at Keller Rohrback, one of the firms whose case was rolled into Berman’s, explained the reason for adding the PBMs in a May letter to the court: “The PBM defendants play a central role in the scheme — selling formulary access in exchange for ‘rebates’ or other payments” from the manufacturers.
Rebates, or negotiated discounts, occur when a manufacturer sets a list price and then agrees to pass money back to the PBMs in return for something, generally a spot on the formulary that determines which drugs can be purchased.
The PBMs say their negotiations ensure drugs are affordable, and two of them pointed fingers back at the drugmakers.
Express Scripts spokesman Brian Henry declined to comment on the investigations or lawsuit but stated in an email that “if prices have gone up in lockstep, that is because they have been priced by the drug makers in lockstep.” UnitedHealth did not respond to questions. And CVS Health called the lawsuit without merit.
CVS spokesman Michael DeAngelis said in an email: “Pharmaceutical companies alone are responsible for the prices they set in the marketplace for the products they manufacture. Nothing in our agreements prevents drug manufacturers from lowering the prices of their insulin products and we would welcome such an action.”
Such lawsuits generally take years to resolve. In the meantime, the suits and the investigations may provide answers to the demands of lawmakers like Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), who sent a letter to drugmakers in July asking for an explanation for the “extreme price increases.”
KHN’s coverage of these topics is supported by Laura and John Arnold Foundation and John A. Hartford Foundation
You must credit us as the original publisher, with a hyperlink to our khn.org site. If possible, please include the original author(s) and “Kaiser Health News” in the byline. Please preserve the hyperlinks in the story.
It’s important to note, not everything on khn.org is available for republishing. If a story is labeled “All Rights Reserved,” we cannot grant permission to republish that item.
Có rất nhiều nguyên nhân dẫn đến tình trạng mạng wifi nhà bạn bị chậm. Bạn có thể hoàn toàn chủ động tăng tốc độ wifi bằng các cách đơn giản như chuyển đổi tần số wifi, thay đổi vị trí đặt bộ phát wifi... Hãy thử và cùng chờ xem kết quả nhé!
Our guestbook facility has been reactivated and previous spam messages are being cleared out. We are working on the picture gallery and providing editing facilities for local people to be able to contribute to this website.
Our guestbook will allow visitors to leave messages about ongoing activities in the community or enquire about relatives (genealogical research) and lost friends.
Visit our ANY-Village Site in: United States United Kindom Switzerland [ Privacy ] [ Anti-Spam ] [ Disclaimer ] [ Copyright ]
Free market snapshots on EUR/USD, Russel 2000 and S&P 500 indices, the purpose being to expose an interesting TradeStation discretionary trading technique applicable to virtually any market symbol.
We'll keep a close look at the 2000 resistance level on NDX as it could impact the overall market. Otherwice cf. SPY post below for details.
On last post, i again warned about volatility and poor visibility. The road to 150 is certainly going to be bumpy, so we'll stick to longer time frames or cautiously stay flat for now.
MTFS has turned around but SPY is very hesitant around current highs. On account of options and futures expiry, we'll remain cautious about short term positions. We should not have any major retracement though.
MTFS is almost out of steam, so volatility could kick in. There is a remaining upward bias, but at the same time a minor retracement cannot be discarded. We shall remain cautious even if fluctuations should remain constrained to a fairly narrow trading range. Over the medium term, we're still looking at the 150 target. It is quite possible that intermarket resistances are playing a role at the moment (besides witching day). For instance, we'll keep an eye on NDX's behaviour around 2000.
Despite the Swing indicator now being Up, we still have a MTFS pattern waiting to complete, and the Swing gradient a little too steep anyway. If we now also add to the picture that entropy is just about balanced, it is clear that SPY will be now looking to consolidate. That's why we'll keep a close eye at possible support levels on the daily chart.
To avoid reading too much in the chart right now, we'll also take into account that consolidations sometimes fail... In such case the Fib (expansion) pattern would start south from last pivot point just above 142. We should obviously know more about it over the next few weeks.
The market report blog has now moved to ForeTrade while this one will (time permitting) focus on actual chart commentaries on TF and ES eminis, as well as EURUSD to show how accurate and yet simple our proprietary method is. The reason for this change is that the Toolset itself is no longer for sale itself, simply because the sales effort and training/support activities were too time consuming. I now provide market analysis exclusively to fund managers until the technology is finally sold to a fund or financial institution. The blogs and Twitter will then be closed or turned private. Anyway, enjoy while it's there...
Behind these market snapshots lies an advanced TradeStation toolset including a set of C++ DLLs and API to access various advanced realtime calculations stored in the DLL to be used either within TS or with custom VC++ programs. While seemingly a little complex at first, the technique is actually relatively easy to grasp. In fact, since most humans can only memorize 3 to 5 (sometimes up to 7) pieces of information at any one time, and the technique being discretionary, it was essential to keep it as simple as possible.
In a nutshell, all reports are based on a minimum of 1 symbol in 3 Time Frames: 60mins, daily and weekly, themselves using more or less the same indicator set: self-adaptive swing indicator, MTFS (formerly AdStoK) and self-adaptive Entropy and a few visual aids (swing direction, support/resistance levels and paintbars). "Self-adaptive" is the key word here. There is virtually no parameter to tune, and it can be used as is, for virtually any market symbol. Each chart provides a visibility 3 to 5 bars ahead, so actual trading should obviously be complemented by a sound money management technique.
A common question : Why isn't there a user documentation then? Hmmm... Who ever reads manuals...? Well, I might provide one eventually but at the same time I might not... The reason is that it is more important to absorb the method over a period of time and make it one's own, i.e. then adapt it to one's own trading profile.
For the keen developer, a detailed API documentation for this set of advanced TradeStation Analysis Techniques will be released shortly.
For the time being a separate technical blog has been launched for those of you interested in learning a little more about what's under the bonnet.
I've been saying all along that the retracement would be somewhat limited, but how limited ? Buying pressure was strong enough until to justify prices staying above 875, close to a generally weak Fib level (~866). Now it seems obvious that 875 will be hit (Fib target was 878 on the 60mins chart), and while such level certainly looks like a reasonable landing zone on the 60mins chart, selling pressure has picked up some momentum on the daily chart. So, one might have a bit of fighting in the current price area, to eventually drop another price segment (still about 31 points wide) maybe tomorrow, or some time next week.
You will notice that ER (TF) gave us the actual retracement signal better than ES itself. It is therefore recommended once again to follow the behaviour or mood of both indices (€/$ is also interesting). TF also indicates a "landing zone" around 468, and could also go lower after testing that support for a while.
This site has been configured to use only SSL (HTTPS) secure connection. SSL is available only for Pro+ premium accounts.
If you are the master administrator of this site, please either upgrade your account to enable secure access. You can also disable SSL access in the Site Manager for this site.
Can you believe another year on it's way out. Just wanted to wish all of my fellow bloggers a most Wonderful, Happy, Healthy New Year.
Looking forward to painting and just enjoying every day. So once again my friends. Happy Painting to All
I want to wish all of my fellow bloggers a Very Merry Christmas and a healthy Happy New Year. I should just say Happy Holiday to all. Because we are all so very busy with family and shopping and etc. it's a good time just to simply take a break.
Yesterday Mike and I went searching for the Seatuk , know as the Scully Manor. I first became aware of this beautiful place from my friend Joan who posted her lovely painting on her blog. Later I spoke with Sue, another fellow painter and she gave me directions on how to get there.
Long story short, I did this on location, sun in my eyes could not do it justice and will return. As for Mr. Webster, in the 90's he commissioned me to do a portrait of his St. Charles Spaniel, Roxanne. I would go to his estate and sketch Roxanne, and then later painted her portrait. Mr. Webster was the founder of the Seatuk Environmental Society in which his property and that of the Scully Manor are all one. Happy Painting everyone.
These are a few of my family treasures. Old Christmas ornaments that my mother in law used to decorate her tree. My grandchildren hung these with great care.
Journaling is bringing such enjoyment and is just what is needed after my family returned to Virginia yesterday.
I have been wanting to go to Sagamore Hill, the home of Teddy Roosevelt. It's located in Oyster Bay. Mike and I had a great day, we hiked down a steep wooded path to get to the beach.
The first sketch is with the brush pens on location. The second is a pen sketch and then watercolors.
I started a 9x12 acrylic painting yesterday, still working on that one, will post next week. My little chicks are coming home for a visit tonight.
Thought it would be fun to do some mini's, to get back into acrylic painting. Happy Painting everyone.
Starting with today. After getting the call I was wishing for , my daughter and the family will be visiting us on the weekend. Now I have Christmas spirit. Mike and I went to Sayville so that I could sketch some of the shops and then we proceeded to the water and a little more sketching.
The second is a composite of some of the places I went to with PALS, our plein air group. The coffee pot was last Sunday morning. I just want to start my day with a little fun sketch. The last is Sayville, behind main st. These are all great fun to do, without the stress of getting into anything to complicated. So hence, sketching it is for awhile. Happy painting everyone, or sketching. Enjoy.
Frank F. Penney boat builders Northport Harbor Last week I started these two 11x14 acrylics on panel. Still determined to do the ...
Summer Delight Sold 5x7 oil on canvas board $45.00 can be purchased through PayPal button located on the lower right side bar of my...
Good Old Summertime 6x8 acrylic on canvas panel Yesterday I painted these flowers growing in my yard. My son and his family are leaving t...
Incoming Storm 8x10 oil If interested please email at jsicig@gmail.com or by pay pal Free Shipping anywhere in the States Just completed t...
Path to the Beach 5x7 Oil on mdf Go Fly A Kite 5x7 acrylic on canvas panel It has been a busy summer and as usual it is going by so q...
My work consist of landscapes, florals an still life. I paint in all mediums, but mostly in acrylic, oil, and watercolor.
I have won numerous awards and my work hangs in the homes of many collectors throughout the country.
We take your privacy seriously. The Friends of the Lacey Library safeguards its membership information by keeping it offline and limited to Friends business only. We do not share your information with other organizations, including those with whom we collaborate. Read more here.
Mom to Lexie from Aktau Kazakhstan, whom I adopted between May 20 thur July 20, 2007 (go to those posts if you'd like to read about my time in Kazakhstan.) Lexie is a funny, intelligent, outgoing and sensitive little girl and I couldn't be happier or more blessed to be her mommy.
The answer is.....BUY!! The question I asked myself a few weeks ago was "should I buy or make Valentines for Lexie's class?" and I foolishly thought it would be fun to make them this year. Next year no question - it will be a quick trip to the store, I'll write out the kids names and Lexie can sign her name. End of project! What I thought would be a couple fun hours of crafting turned into two weekends of doing most of them myself and then feeling like monster trying to get Lexie to write all the names. But it started out as fun....
Lexie and I started out by getting in the mood and making some quick valentine cookies with Lexie naturally putting on tons of frosting & sprinkles.
All this was very cute and quite amusing - at first.Then I discovered Lexie has never used scissors with me and hadn't done much work with it at pre-school either. Of course this project involved a LOT of cutting. So I let her practice first and she was VERY proud of her work. Unfortunately she was supposed to be cutting out a heart not a rectangle. So I realized I would be doing ALL of the cutting.
I sent her off to go help Cinderella find her lost shoe then save a few babies lives while I cut out a couple hundred hearts, leaves & flower centers.
Then Cinderella joined me to put a few heart flowers together. I have to say if they (and alright her too) where so darn cute I would have trashed them all and headed over to Walmart.
But they were cute and Lexie worked really hard writing both her name and whomever it was for on each of the leaves.
It was getting late so I gave her lunch and sent her off for a nap as I worked on getting some of them ones for the family prepped. After SHE woke up refreshed I got her a little snack and a costume change was clearly in order then back to work she went. This time on the family's "cards." That's right I wasn't doing just one project no sir - not me!
These were the for GaGa & the aunts and a few friends (it turned out to be very few friends.) They too are very cute and I improvised with the stickers to make them brighter and Lexie had more fun (and to keep her away from the scissors!)
On the first one she wrote the whole inside which said "Let's watch our Love grow GaGa" Love Lexie. This only took about a half an hour so the rest where just signed by my brilliant 4 1/2 year old. But the end results where great too.
We were both pretty done at this point and Lexie was down right silly. So I called it a night on the project for the first weekend.
During the next week we managed to get enough of the flower lollipops and flower pots done to send off to the cousins and family. I have to say they were pretty adorable.
This weekend it was all about getting her class done. Did I mention there are 24 of the little darlings in her class plus she has 6 teachers between class, lunch and daycare? What was I thinking? But the first question of the day was what outfit was right for making these beauties. The Santa tutu was the perfect "fashion" as Lexie calls it.
And not too long into the morning I was told that she HAD to try out the lollipops to make sure they are really really good. Okay - I'm a sucker (yes pun intended) for my girl in a tutu.
Finally the class was done. Lexie thought they should smell like flower but that was going to far in my book. Here they all are plus the hard little worker bee.
They really did turn out nice but next time (did I actually type that) I'll read the instructions a little better and ask Lexie if she can do some of the special skills needed.
﻿Our last project was for the teachers and it was a tube of lotion with cut (there is that ugly word again) outs of Lexie's hands saying "You Deserve A Hand" on it.
We managed to get everything done on Saturday so we could enjoy our Mommy & Lexie Valentine's Day on Sunday. More on that another time.
Oh but they turned out just beautifully!!!!! And of course cookies need copious amounts of sprinkles :) and of course we do our crafts in costume and magic flowers make us dance!!! :) THIS WHOLE post makes me smile and smile!!! I *heart* Lexie!!!
She looks SO joyful and I can just picture her handing out those darling flowers today to her buddies!
But I did giggle, cuz it reminded me of the year I had the brainstorm to handmake all of our birthday gift thank you's AND the year I wanted to do an old fashioned Christmas and make my own raffia bows and wrap in vintage paper....and the time...LOL.....
Gotta go with Lisa on this one...I will be in line behind her at Hobby Lobby!! Your little Valentine and her Valentines are beautiful!! Hugs to you both! Erin
I am absolutely impressed..... The valentines look so pretty! You are such a creative Mama. Your little princess is pretty darn adorable too!!
Impressive.....but I have to agree that buying is sooo much simpler, it took me about 2 hours (over 2 nights) to just get Ciera to write her name on 20 cards. Can't imagine hand making them!!! Good for you.
As I embark on this adventure to Aktau, Kazakhstan to adopt my first child, this painting of a Rose comes to mind. I've always loved how all the adult hands surround and protect the baby's hand but at the same time are open enough for the tiny fist to grow. That's how I see this whole adoption process. So many people with one child's best interest at heart. And with each person giving this child a hand she will bloom into the best person she can be. God has given me a wonderful gift by allowing me to help this child learn and grow. I'm so grateful to all the people who have supported me (and I hope will continue to support me) through this life challenging experience.
The High School League of Legends Australian and New Zealand Championship is a free national esports competition for Australia and New Zealand High Schools.
Each Australian state & territory has its own championship – with New Zealand continuing to keep it’s nationwide. These tournaments will run during terms 3 of 2018, culminating in a final for each region. The winning schools will then playoff to crown the sole winner of the High School League of Legends Australian and New Zealand Championship.
The Championship aspires to provide high schoolers with a fun, competitive, and rewarding esports experience, similar to traditional high school sports. We promote esports as a positive experience that opens up sports team building, leadership opportunities and self-improvement to a wider range of students outside the traditional seasonal field and court sports.
There’s a persistent myth that video games are bad for schoolwork. We are working towards changing that with this League by ensuring the motivating factor to be eligible is to excel in their school work and having fun with friends – this is paramount.
The championship will run a total of 7 weeks culminating in a Grand Final Weekend on September 8-9th
League of Legends is a fast-paced, competitive online game. 100 million people play League of Legends every month around the world. Two teams of five players compete during the game over different maps and game modes. League of Legends offers endless replayability for players of every skill level.
The High School League of Legends Championship aspires to provide high schoolers with a fun, competitive, and rewarding esports experience, similar to traditional high school sports. We promote esports as a positive experience that opens up sports team building, leadership opportunities and self improvement to a wider range of students outside traditional seasonal field and court sports.
League of Legends is an example of a strategic game that can enhance students Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics skills (STEM). This link was reinforced by a recent Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology study that found children who play online games are more successful academically.
There’s a persistent myth that videogames are bad for schoolwork. We are working towards changing that with The High School League of Legends Championship by ensuring the motivating factor to be eligible is in the effort that they apply to their school work and having fun with friends – this is paramount.
Higher attendance and academic performance from participating students through mandatory High School League of Legends Championship requirements
We value good sportsmanship, respect, honesty and maturity. During online gameplay, tempers may flare, so our administrators work closely with teams and their supporting teacher to ensure the championship remains a clean and mature environment . We enforce and clearly communicate rules to ensure cheating and dishonesty are mitigated.
Watch the full video below! After an amazing season, High School League Split 1 2018 was narrowed down to two teams, Rangitoto College and 2017 Grand Finalists Mt. Albert Grammar School. Both teams have played brilliantly on their road to the finals, but only one team will be remembered after the series. So here we...
Registration Now Open! High School League of Legends Australian & New Zealand Championships High School League (HSL) is pleased to announce it’s opening it’s free League of Legends esports competition for ACT, NSW and Queensland High Schools. Ninety-five New Zealand High School teams competed in the New Zealand League. Each Australian state & territory has...
Registration is now open to schools for New Zealand, to register for next years High School League Tournament. Don’t miss out! Places in the premier division are limited so register today!
If you are new to League of Legends and the world of esports, feel free to send us a message and one of our team will be back to you as soon as we can!
“For some students, HSL is the first time the student is actively pushing themselves to achieve a challenging goal. This self-motivation allows the development of important skills such as communication and teamwork.”
The success we have had has evolved around teamwork and communication. We ensure that each and every one of us talk as much as we can during the match as communication in a team is the key to success
For the latest local news and events direct to your inbox every Monday, you need our weekly email newsletter SE1 Direct.
It's not often that fans get the opportunity to collaborate on a song with a rock band that has had the success that FOGHAT has obtained. But that was exactly what happened to a gentleman by the name of Phil Dessinger, when he won a contest asking fans to add lyrics to the originally all-instrumental tune, "495 Boogie", from FOGHAT's latest CD, Last Train Home. As of July 9th, fanscan hear the winning version, dubbed "The Word of Rock n' Roll" which is being issued via the band's own label, Foghat Records.
The contest entries were narrowed down to the final three by the band and judges Ken Dashow of WAXQ FM Classic Rock Radio in NYC and Jeb Wrightof ClassicRockRevisited.com and then put up for voting by the fans.
"Thank you to all of you who entered the "495 Boogie" contest. What great lyrics! What an extremely difficult choice. We seriously like all three of the final entries (and many of the others), so for us they are all winners! But the votes are in and it was a VERY…VERY close contest."
"495 Boogie" (the most downloaded track on Last Train Home) was recorded in two takes. It came out of a jam with Roger's brother, Colin Earl, who came up with the song, Jeff Howell on bass and Lefty Lefkowitz on harmonica. Eventually, just for fun, Classic Rock DJ Charlie Ocean from Mobile, Alabama, added lyrics to "495 Boogie” renaming it "Big American Blonde", and sent it to the band. Realizing that this was a very cool idea, FOGHAT decided to run a contest and invite their fans and all songwriters to add their own lyrics to the tune. Sadly, Charlie Ocean passed away on July 6, 2011, which led to the idea being put on hold. But eventually, the group felt it would be a fine way to pay tribute to their fallen friend, resulting in the contest running from October 2012 through February 2013.
And the lucky winner turned out to be Mr. Dessinger, whose back-story is an interesting one. The son of an original member of the CBS Orchestra through the golden years of live radio and TV, Phil followed his dad to all of the shows and grew up at what is now called the Ed Sullivan Theater. He has seen everybody perform from Sophie Tucker to THE BEATLES. He has written songs for a UNICEF-Special Olympics global campaign, an Off-Broadway rock musical and a series of independent artist projects.
Due to such anthems as “Slow Ride” and “Fool for the City" FOGHAT has remained a classic rock radio staple since first appearing on the scene in the 1970's. And the band continues to rock on today, as evidenced by their aforementioned latest album, Last Train Home, which was comprised of both original tracks and some fantastic re-worked blues classics. And FOGHAT's winning streak continues with the upcoming release of "The Word of Rock n' Roll". For More Information, Visit:
When does the Sónar week start? And when does it really end? A difficult question indeed, consideri…
post this right after u read it, something good will happen at tomorrow. Whoever breaks this chain will be cursed w/ relationship problems 4-10 years.
If you post this in 15 mins, I'm Hot naked ow sex starts... ...a smile leads to a laugh ...a laugh leads to a high 5 ...a high 5 leads to a hug ...a hug leads to a kiss ...a kiss leads 2 make out ...a make out leads 2 finger ...a finger leads to a hand ...a hand leads to a lick ...a lick leads to a suck ...a suck leads 2 a fuck.
We’ve got girls that will be dressed up as your favorite fantasy hotties, and girls that have D20 games down pat. There is someone for everyone out there, and who deserves it more than we do? Admit it, as nerds (and bastards 😉 ), we are pretty much the most awesome people on the planet.
Get your courage up, and save some money because NO girl likes a guy who can’t afford his own playing cards!
Suddenly the old guy lifted the hem of her dress and she saw a stiff cock sticking out of his jeans.
She screamed and tried to get up, but the second dude grabbed her hands, bent her over the table and forced her to suck, while the first one was savagely bonking her pussy.
“I’m not hurting anybody.” In the last several months, though, Raven, 33, has noticed small changes cropping up in her industry.
At a Democratic primary debate in June 2007, in response to the question of whether she would describe herself as a liberal, Clinton said: "I consider myself a modern progressive, someone who believes strongly in individual rights and freedoms, who believes that we are better as a society when we're working together and when we find ways to help those who may not have all the advantages in life get the tools they need to lead a more productive life for themselves and their family.
Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries.
Sex and dating offerings on this Edmonton, Alberta page help you hook up for hot sex quickly with sexy swingers, singles, housewives, MILFs and sluts in and around Edmonton, Alberta.
Since there are numerous reports with highlights of warmest iPhone models, we brought a couple of hidden ones of the iPhone X and that will certainly astound you or down. Will Cydia download iPhone X will recover them? Those who craving entirety of iPhone X jailbreak can refer our prior guidance for further. Here we go through all we captured that you should know. Hidden features of iPhone X Fast charging It is great having such a beneficial feature here and that even have for iPhone 8 us...
Apple launched the iPhone X celebratory to the spectators during September keynote yesterday. It was an enormous launch of the 2K17 which recall the tenth iPhone anniversary that reveals at the new Steve Jobs Theater as scheduled. Even the device X unveiled for the period that specifically highlighted as “One More Thing” that identical up with the in excess of gossips, wireless charging, OLED display, full glass frame and a couple of multiplex high-quality features. However, let’s endure this na...
questions: Are craigslist alternatives like Backpage or Kijiji any good? What are the best R rated movies? Ashley Madison has a big database of users over.740.000 (as of now and these numbers are continuously increasing. What are the free sites that are like Craiglist personals?
We would recommend you to stick with the free version Investigate first, if you find everything fine only then opting for paid plans. . If youve any problem ask him/her out in person and try to find the solution. No only that, over 150,000 photos are uploaded on passion per week. However, you can sign up for free on all these sites and enjoy the basic features that get you laid too Disclaimer: We highly discourage you from using these sites if youre into a relationship and under. Is there any hookup site like Craigslist casual encounters? Ashley Comes with a week free trial and three premium packages: Introductory Package, Elite Package, Affair Guarantee Package.
Social media marketing is the use of social media platforms and websites to promote a product or service.
The process of maximizing the number of visitors to a particular website by ensuring that the site appears high on the list of results returned by a search engine.
Email marketing is the act of sending a commercial message, typically to a group of people, using email. In its broadest sense, every email sent to a potential or current customer could be considered email marketing.
Search engine marketing is a form of Internet marketing that involves the promotion of websites by increasing their visibility in search engine results pages primarily through paid advertising.
Content strategy refers to the planning, development, and management of content—written or in other media.
Out-of-home (OOH) advertising or outdoor advertising, also known as out-of-home media or outdoor media, is advertising that reaches the consumers while they are outside their homes
Brand Activation is the art of driving consumer action through brand interaction and experiences. In simple terms, the key aim of these sorts of campaigns is to get consumers to act.
Guerrilla marketing is an advertisement strategy concept designed for businesses to promote their products or services in an unconventional way with little budget to spend.
Community management, at its core, is about relationships and how your brand seizes opportunities to interact with your community in public online spaces.
A lot of startups fail because they never get to Product/Market Fit. Thus it is important to understand and implement the idea of Product/Market in every single business.
Brand Equity is the commercial value derived from consumer’s perception of the brand. Top of mind awareness (TOMA) refers to a brand being first in customers' minds in a particular category and Net Promoter Score(NPS) measures the willingness of customers to recommend a company's products or services to others.
Understanding once competitors is a pivotal part of any business. How many players are there in the ecosystem? Who are they and how does the quality of their offerings compare with yours?
Capturing the VOC for an existing product or a competitor product so as to accordingly strategize our next move as per the feedback.
Evaluate the prevailing brand sentiment. Capture the all good, bad &the ugly. Get to the root cause for every sentiment. Develop a proactive ORM plan in case it’s all good so far and/or a reactive plan if there are any chinks in ones armour
The process of managing damaged or negative reputation by removing any negative content within our direct control, balance the remaining with the positives thereby establishing credibility &building an optimized reputation.
Build the persona for your brand persona primarily through creating great content, driving social engagement& encouraging customer reviews. Maintain brand transparency with all stakeholders irrespective of business situation.
Your employees are your brand ambassadors in real world. How your employees look and behave online matters more than the company’s own online persona.
Leon, the top hit man in New York, has earned a rep as an effective "cleaner". But when his next-door neighbors are wiped out by a loose-cannon DEA agent, he becomes the unwilling custodian of 12-year-old Mathilda. Before long, Mathilda's thoughts turn to revenge, and she considers following in Leon's footsteps.
2020. November 2018 2121. November 2018 2222. November 2018 2323. November 2018 2424. November 2018 2525. November 2018
The late afternoon sun warms this beautiful lakeside scene, as a flock of birds descend into the picture.
16x24 matted in double-cut dark olive over gold, framed in oak and under glass, a 1st-generation multiple media "pyrographic" on paper.
16x24 matted in double-cut photo gray and biscay blue and framed in ebony-stained oak, a 1st Generation original giclee from a pyrogravure coloree intermediate on maple.
The Narrows in Utah's Zion National Park. This natural beauty was considered sacred by Native Americans of the area, evidence to them of the Great Spirit's presence and art.
12x20 matted in dark olive or dark ash and framed in oak and under glass, an original 1st-generation multiple media "pyrographic" on paper from intermediates on birch.
This moment at sunset and low tide was captured at Cape Fowlwind on the west coast of New Zealand's South Island.
16x24 Matted in photo grey and biscay blue, framed in blue-grey oak and under glass, a mixed media pyrogravure colorée original work on paper.
Matted in photo grey and biscay blue with gold trim, and framed in ebony-stained oak. A 1st-generation multiple media "pyrographic" on paper.
Yesterday Maria was a guest at Joiz TV. She performered her smash hit "All This Time" and her single "I Always Liked That" live. Of course she also gave an interview. The listeners were able to ask their questions via chat and Skype too. Amongst others, she talked about tattoos and her wedding song. In case you missed the show you can watch it here. Afterwards you can discuss with other fans about the show in the forum. But first - Enjoy!
Over the past years, government cloud computing has steadily moved forward from it's early beginnings as an interesting curiosity:
Since Sunday's broadcast, I've been asked numerous times about my real answer to the question "Will 'Cloud Computing' Work In White House". Although I would never assume to be in a position to advise the President-elect, I'm more than happy, however, to add my voice to the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) and the distinguished list of contributors that recently released the CSIS Commission on Cybersecurity for the 44th Presidency.
I truly believe that cloud computing technology can be used to implement some of their recommendations. One in particular is their recommendation for a National Office for Cyberspace (NOC) and a new National Security Council Cybersecurity Directorate (NSCCD). Along with the relevant agencies, these organizations would:
"Assume expanded authorities, including revised Federal Information Security management Act (FISMA) authorities, oversight of the Trusted Internet Connections (TIC) initiative, responsibility for the Federal Desktop Core Configuration (FDCC) and acquisition reform, and the ability to require agencies to submit budget proposals relating to cyberspace to receive its approval prior to submission to OMB."
2009 was truly a watershed year for Federal information technology professionals. After inaugurating the first Cyber-President we saw the appointment of our first Federal CIO and the rapid adoption of cloud computing as the way forward for improved efficiencies at reduced cost. The theme continued throughout the year with the Federal Cloud Computing Initiative, the Open Government Directive and finally, as if to put an exclamation point on the rising importance of IT to national security the appointment of the nation's first Cybersecurity Coordinator.
Government cloud computing is a reality and as Peter Mell of NIST succinctly put it, "2010 will be the year of the cloud computing pilot." I look forward to continuing this exciting conversation with you all!
2011 will be the breakout year for GovCloud! Pressure to reduce budget, pressure to manage I resources better and the political pressure of the next presidential election will combine to accelerate adoption. The GSA IaaS groundwork has been laid and new policies are just about ready to be released !!
i. Use FedRAMP when conducting risk assessments, security authorizations, and granting ATOs for all Executive department or agency use of cloud services;
ii. Use the FedRAMP PMO process and the JAB-approved FedRAMP security authorization requirements as a baseline when initiating, reviewing, granting and revoking security authorizations for cloud services;
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than April 1, 2012, the Chief Information Officer of the Department shall submit to the congressional defense committees a performance plan for a reduction in the resources required for data centers and information systems technologies Department-wide. The plan shall be based upon and incorporate appropriate elements of the plans submitted under paragraph (1).
(III) Migration of Defense data and government-provided services from Department-owned and operated data centers to cloud computing services generally available within the private sector that provide a better capability at a lower cost with the same or greater degree of security.
(IV) Utilization of private sector-managed security services for data centers and cloud computing services."
It gives me great pleasure to announce the relaunch of GovCloud.com! GovCloud is the “go to” place for everything related to federal cloud computing. Our mission is to help federal organizations learn about, try and securely adopt cloud computing technologies. In full alignment with The Federal Cloud Computing Strategy, the Federal CIO’s 25-Point Federal IT Reform Plan and NIST’s Cloud Computing Technology Roadmap, this site will provide a community hub for information dissemination and GovCloud best practices. A great deal of personal thanks goes out to the GovCloud.com member companies (in alphabetical order):
Training and education information from the National Cloud Technologist Association and Cloud Best Practices Network
As always, your comments, recommendations and suggestions are welcomed.. Your active participation is also invited. Just let me know how you would like to contribute.
Thank you for the honor of being on your Top 10 List! Backupify is the leading backup provider for cloud based data, offering an all-in-one archiving, search and restore service for the most popular online services including Google Apps, Facebook, Twitter and more. With one account you get centralized access to all of your information, stored securely, easily searchable, and ready for restoration or transfer at a moment's notice.
VIENNA, Va., Oct. 28, 2011 — NJVC®, one of the largest information technology solutions providers supporting the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) , is pleased to announce that Kevin Jackson, general manager, cloud services, will participate in the “Security Assumption Buster Panel” during the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cloud Computing Forum & Workshop IV on Nov. 3 in Gaithersburg, Md.
Bill Newhouse, scientific advisor, cybersecurity, research & development computer security division, NIST
This expert panel will address common fallacies and misconceptions about cloud computing security and also discuss the NIST approach to risk management as the federal government continues to transition IT operations to the cloud.
Between 500 and 700 participants are expected to participate in the Cloud Computing Forum & Workshop IV, which will take place on Nov. 2 – 4. This workshop will provide information on the U.S. Government Cloud Computing Technology Roadmap initiative and provide an update on NIST efforts to help develop open standards in cloud interoperability, portability and security.
NJVC is one of the largest information technology solutions providers supporting the U.S. Department of Defense. We provide innovative and high-quality IT solutions to the government and commercial organizations, and specialize in supporting highly secure IT enterprises, particularly for the intelligence and defense communities. To learn more, visit www.njvc.cm.
Vienna, Va., Oct. 13, 2011 — NJVC® , one of the largest information technology (IT) solutions providers supporting the U.S. Department of Defense, is pleased to announce that Kevin Jackson, General Manager, cloud services, will serve as the moderator for the GEOINT 2011 Symposium panel, “Cloud Computing and the Intelligence Mission,” on October 19 in San Antonio.
Cloud computing, a new approach in the provisioning and consumption of IT, has been described as a means to cut federal IT budgets. This panel of esteemed intelligence community technologists will discuss the implementation of cloud solutions (private, public, community and hybrid) from public and private providers specific to intelligence community customers.
Jackson heads the new NJVC cloud services business unit, and joined the company in 2010. A prolific blogger and first-time book author on cloud computing, he was recently named one of the “Most Powerful Voices in Security” by SYS-CON MEDIA.
NJVC is one of the largest information technology solutions providers supporting the U.S. Department of Defense. We provide innovative and high-quality IT solutions to the government and commercial organizations, and specialize in supporting highly secure IT enterprises, particularly for the intelligence and defense communities. To learn more, visit http://www.njvc.com/ .
VIENNA, Va., Oct. 4, 2011 — NJVC®, one of the largest information technology solutions providers supporting the Department of Defense, announces its lineup for the Gartner Symposium/ITxpo®, Oct. 16 - 20 at the Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel in Orlando, Fla.
Visit the NJVC booth (#206) on the tradeshow floor to meet with company representatives and earn about NJVC’s extensive and proven portfolio of IT solutions for government and commercial customers. NJVC will provide the following live demonstrations for attendees:
Cyber Dashboard – Take a tour and learn how NJVC customers have benefited from this inexpensive yet highly effective cyber tool that provides customizable, real-time situational awareness visualization across an entire IT enterprise.
Streamlined NJVC Automation Products, Services and Solutions™ – SNAPSS™ is a suite of cost-effective solutions that automate and streamline IT enterprise services for customers no matter the location of their users.
Persistent Desktop Instance™ – Discover NJVC’s new service—PDI™— a virtual desktop available from “thick” customers (desktops or laptops), thin/zero client devices and mobile devices. PDI provides users access to a single workstation containing their documents and installed software, regardless of the viewing client or location. PDI provides a “disconnect and resume” capability giving users agility of “computing on the go.”
Provisioned Self Services™ – Learn about PSS™—an innovative, virtual storefront for an enterprise’s software library. PSS users can easily search out the software needed for a task and request it to be installed on their workstations. PSS puts the power in the hands of users to virtually request and receive the software applications necessary to do their jobs, while maintaining central configuration control of the enterprise.
Self Help™ – Learn about the NJVC Self Help solution under SNAPPS: a live chat, problem resolution tool. Users can communicate with help desk personnel in real time, using screen sharing, video and/or audio.
More than 8,500 senior business and IT strategists, including more than 2,000 chief information officers, are expected to attend the Gartner Symposium/ITxpo.
( SNAPSS™, Persistent Desktop Instance™, Provisioned Self Services™, Agile Dashboard™ and Self Help™ services are available to support private cloud platforms or on the Federal Community Cloud through the GSA Infrastructure-as-a-Service blanket purchase agreement )
NJVC is one of the largest information technology solutions providers supporting the U.S. Department of Defense. We provide innovative and high-quality IT solutions to the government and commercial organizations, and specialize in supporting highly secure IT enterprises, particularly for the intelligence and defense communities. To learn more, visit www.njvc.com.
Gartner Symposium/ITxpo is the IT industry's largest and most strategic conference, providing business leaders with a look at the future of IT. For more than 10,000 IT professionals from the world's leading enterprises, Gartner's annual Symposium/ITxpo events are key components of their annual planning efforts. Attendees rely on Gartner Symposium/ITxpo to gain insight into how their organizations can use technology to address business challenges and improve operational efficiency. For more information, please visit http://www.gartner.com/technology/symposium/orlando/index.jsp.
VIENNA, Va., Oct. 6, 2011 — NJVC®, one of the largest information technology solutions (IT) providers supporting the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD), is pleased to offer live, compelling demonstrations on the company’s Streamlined NJVC Automation Products, Services and Solutions™ (SNAPSS™) at GEOINT 2011 Symposium—the largest intelligence event in the United States—on Oct. 16 – 19 at the Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center in San Antonio.
Visit the NJVC booth (#601) on the expo floor to meet company experts and learn about NJVC’s extensive and proven portfolio of IT services, particularly geared for DoD and intelligence customers. Experience the following thought-provoking demonstrations:
SNAPSS™ – SNAPSS™ is a suite of cost-effective solutions that automate and streamline IT enterprise services for customers no matter the location of their users.
Self Help™ – Learn about the NJVC Self Help solution under SNAPSS: a live chat, problem resolution tool. Users can communicate with help desk personnel in real time, using screen sharing, video and/or audio.
AV Room Automation – Investigate unified communications through an intuitive control interface. Explore the possibility of standardizing your enterprise with a catalog of pre-engineered solutions to fit every need.
More than 200 exhibitors will showcase their services and products at the GEOINT 2011 Symposium Exhibit Hall. Approximately 4,000 people are expected to attend the symposium, including the leadership of the intelligence, defense and homeland security communities.
This afternoon I had a very interesting discussion with Mr. Jeffrey Kaplan, Managing Director of THINKstrategies and founder of the Cloud Computing Showplace. His firm is focused entirely on the business implications of the transition of the technology industry from product-centric to services-driven solutions, including Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), Cloud Computing and Managed Services. Mr. Kaplan is also the Founder of the Cloud Computing Showplace (www.cloudshowplace.com), a vendor-independent, online directory and best practice resource center regarding SaaS, Platforms-as-a-Service (PaaS), and Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), including Managed Services with nearly 1,800 companies divided into over 90 categories.
Our conversation focused on the evolution of the system integrator within the public sector marketplace. One of his key goals was to dispel the myth that system integrators and their channel partners will be displaced by the rapidly growing list of cloud providers. In his view, system inegrator must quickly evolve their businesses to deliver cloud based solutions. Today's traditional information technology channel sales model will morph into a new cloud channel sales model.
If you're interested in learning more about this transition, you should consider attending the Cloud Channel Summit being held in Mountain View, Ca, November 7, 2011. the purpose of this conference is to:
Give major Cloud vendors a venue where they can demonstrate that they are channel-friendly and discuss the business benefits of their channel programs.
Give channel companies an opportunity to learn about industry best practices and the channel programs being offered by the leading cloud vendors so they can capitalize on these new market opportunities; and
To provide an important networking opportunity for corporate executives and channel managers to interact and learn about what’s working and not in the rapidly evolving Cloud marketplace.
(The following is the Executive Summary of a recent NJVC Executive Whitepaper. The full version is available at NJVC.com )
Cloud computing, as defined by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, is a model for enabling “… convenient, on-demand network access to a shared pool of configurable computing resources (e.g., networks, servers, storage, applications and services) that can be rapidly provisioned and released with minimal management effort or service provider interaction.” NIST is implying the economies of scale that go with cloud computing when it refers to a pool of configurable computing resources.
Cloud computing is often referred to as a technology. However, it is actually a significant shift in the business and economic models for provisioning and consuming information technology (IT) that can lead to a significant cost savings. This cost savings can only be realized through the use of significant pooling of these “configurable computing resources” or resource pooling. According to NIST, this capability is an essential characteristic of cloud computing. Resource pooling is the ability of a cloud to serve multiple customers using a multi-tenant model with different physical and virtual resources dynamically assigned and reassigned according to demand.
These metrics drive the cloud provider’s ability to use the minimum amount of physical IT resources to service a maximum level of IT resource demand. Properly balancing these factors across a well characterized user group can lead to approximately 30-percent savings in IT resources, and enables the near real-time modification of the underlying physical infrastructure required for the delivery of the desired “illusion of infinite resources” synonymous with a cloud computing user’s experience.
When implemented properly, the cloud computing economic model can drastically reduce the operations and maintenance cost of IT infrastructures. A 2009 Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH) study concluded that a cloud computing approach could save 50 to 67 percent of the lifecycle cost for a 1,000-server deployment. Another Deloitte study confirmed that cloud deployments delivered greater investment returns with a shorter payback period when compared to the traditional on-premise delivery option.
In considering cloud computing for the Intelligence Community, security is an obvious concern. Given the legal and operational concerns, classified information should always be processed in properly protected and certified IC private or community clouds. If a secure cloud model can be designed, economic savings can certainly be realized.
When used to process unclassified information, sharing cloud computing resources can nominally provide the operational advantages of a private cloud with a cost closer to that of a public cloud due to the expected economies of scale from combined user communities.
The federal government is currently deploying a federal community cloud. Officially referred to as the General Services Administration Infrastructure as a Service Blanket Purchase Agreement (GSA IaaS BPA; item #4 in the White House CIO’s “25 Point Implementation Plan to Reform Federal Information Technology Management”), this Government Wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC) vehicle is designed to implement a community cloud economic model to support the federal government. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) expects this community to provide approximately $20 billion in cloud computing services to a community made up of more than 25 agencies.
Using the BAH study as a guide, and assuming that community cloud economies mimic those expected from a hybrid cloud, transitioning IT services from an agency-owned IT infrastructure to the GSA IaaS platform should deliver benefit cost ratios of approximately 7:1.
Cloud computing provides some strong benefits and economic incentives. Selecting a public, private, hybrid or community cloud implementation will depend on a customer’s specific application, performance, security and compliance requirements. Proper deployment can provide significant savings, better IT services and a higher level of reliability.
(This is part 4 of the series entitled "Implementation of Cloud Computing Solutions in Federal Agencies". First published on Forbes.com, this series provides the content of a whitepaper I recently authored. A copy of the complete whitepaper will be available at NJVC.com starting September 7, 2011.)
The defense and intelligence communities are not immune to cloud computing. Arguably more than any other government agencies, their missions require a fabric of utility computing that scales on demand and enables self discovery and self-service access to secure, timely and relevant information in support of mission: individual or shared. The traditional IT model requires system engineering that binds most software to the hardware and does not provide an enterprise suite of functionality or allow for increased flexibility and a governed lifecycle of services. Designing software independence from the hardware allows an operating system, applications and data to “live” across the enterprise and is fundamental to the transformation of compute, storage and network functionality.
Defense is dealing with a $78 billion budget cut—the first since September 11, 2001—and another $100 billion in other cost-cutting measures over a five-year period commencing in FY 2012. Defense Secretary Robert Gates is directing that the budget be cut from agency administrative and structural areas (e.g., the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Network Intelligence and Information, the Business Transformation Agency, and the Joint Forces Command are in the process of being eliminated or disestablished with some essential functions transferred to other organizations with the Pentagon).
In an official statement on the proposed budget costs provided on January 6, 2011, Secretary Gates said: “First, reforming how the department uses information technology, which costs us about $37 billion a year. At this time all of our bases and headquarters have their own separate IT infrastructure and processes, which drive up costs and create cyber vulnerabilities. The department is planning to consolidate hundreds of data centers and move to a more secure enterprise system, which we estimate could save more than $1 billion a year.” Department of Defense Chief Information Officer Terry Takai also publically commented about the potential IT budget cuts at an April 21, 2011, INPUT event. Takai commented on DoD’s support of the move of some of its IT operations to the cloud—particularly data centers.
Information is often the decisive discriminator in modern conflict. Studies of recent mission failures highlighted this fact, finding that many of these failures were caused by:
Reliance on “operationally proven” processes and filters typically used to address the lack of computational power or decision time
Also disturbing is that in most of these cases, the critical piece of information necessary for mission was in possession. The failure wasn’t in obtaining the information, but in locating and applying it to the mission at hand. Cloud computing uniquely addresses all of these important issues.
Data silos evolved from a system-centric IT proc urement policy and an almost reflexive reliance onrelational database technology. In developing early data processing systems, the high cost of memory and storage led to a premium being placed on the efficiency of application data access and retrieval. Relational database technology effectively addressed this need, which in turn led to its pervasive use across government. In modern IT system development, memory and storage are cheap—and getting cheaper—which has led to internet-scale storage and search paradigms that are the stuff of everyday use today. The world’s largest databases cannot, in fact, be searched quickly using a relational database management approach. Today’s ability to search multi-petabyte data stores in milliseconds virtually eliminates the need for data silos. This capability is realized in cloud-based storage. Documents are the persistent records of human activity. As such, they are used to provide insight into the societal structure and processes of our opponents. Conflict, however, is entity and event centric. The intelligence professional must, therefore, interpret documents and translate that data into operationally relevant entities and events. The time and resource intensive nature of this skillcraft is perfectly suited for the precision search and analytic capabilities of the modern compute cloud. The use of highly standardized and virtualized commodity infrastructure, not only make the automation of this function possible, but it enables real-time continuous processing of the now digital document flow of our adversaries. This commodity also removes the human from this tedious task, allowing intelligence professionals to apply higher order professional analysis and insight.
The human-based document exploitation process led directly to an institutional reliance on the aforementioned “operationally proven” processes and filters. Instantiated by the use of multi-page structure query language and the ubiquitous goal of obtaining an appropriate “working set” of data, these time-honored processes were born from the need to meet critical decision timelines within a computationally inadequate environment. Cloud techniques and technologies can now be used to work on all the data. And with an ability to leverage the power of a supercomputer at will, the working set requirement is now an anachronism and critical decision timelines can now be more easily met.
Cloud computing is unique in its ability to address these critical defense and intelligence mission needs. That’s why cloud computing is critical to our national defense. As a bonus, cloud computing offers defense and intelligence agencies the ability to increase efficiencies and incur marked cost savings during their lifecycles to alleviate some of the pressure of budget reductions. Moving IT operations to the cloud also will assist in enhanced collaboration.
(This is part 3 of the series entitled "Implementation of Cloud Computing Solutions in Federal Agencies". First published on Forbes.com, this series provides the content of a whitepaper I recently authored. A copy of the complete whitepaper will be available at NJVC.com starting September 7, 2011.)
While the benefits and value of the federal cloud computing policy can be debated, the world’s transition to cloud computing as an integral component of any IT infrastructure cannot be denied. The prudent government executive should, therefore, heed the lessons learned from the many private industry corporations that already have miles behind them on this journey.
When identifying a potential cloud computing project, one should always count on a multi-year transition. Organizations should always use a consistent cloud opportunity identification process to reduce the risk of project failure by leveraging data from successful cloud implementations. Clients need to determine set metrics (economic, operational and service) with direct linkage to specific mission requirement(s). Use of a gate-driven cloud adoption process designed to terminate failed projects early in the project lifecycle and deliver measurable capabilities within a quick timeframe (weeks—not years) is highly recommended.
Loss of Governance. When moving to a cloud environment, clients relinquish control to the CP on a number of security-related issues. A gap in security defenses may also exist as service level agreements may not adequately address CP-related security requirements.
Portability. Issues related to provider lock in are outlined in the Challenges section of this white paper on page 5.
Isolation Failure. Multi-tenancy and collaboration are at the core of cloud computing. Resource isolation failure addresses mechanisms separating storage, memory, routing and reputation among different clients on the same cloud (e.g., guest-hopping attacks). However, it must be noted that attacks on these mechanisms are not as pervasive and much more difficult to attempt versus attacks on traditional operating systems.
Compliance Risks. Investments in certifications (e.g., industry standard or regulatory requirements) may be compromised or lost when moving to the cloud.
Management Interface Compromise. Security is an issue with client management interfaces with the public cloud provider. The reason? These services are provided via the internet and permit access to a larger set of resources than traditional operating systems. Security risk can dramatically increase when this is combined with remote access and web browser vulnerabilities.
Data Protection. It may be difficult for clients to effectively check the data-handling practices of their CPs to ensure critical and sensitive data is handled lawfully and ethically. This problem can be aggravated in cases of multiple transfers of data (e.g., between federated clouds). However, it must be noted that some CPs share information on their data-handling practices with clients and others offer certification summaries on their data processing and data security activities and their various security controls (e.g., Statement on Auditing Standards 70 Certification.
Insecure or Incomplete Data Deletion. As with most operating systems, when a request to remove a cloud resource is made, a true erase of data may not happen. Adequate or timely data deletion also may not be feasible (or undesirable from a client perspective) because extra copies of data are stored but not readily available or the disk to be destroyed also houses other data from other clients. When multi-tenancies and the reuse of hardware resources are added to the mix, this risk can increase.
Malicious Insider. Cloud architectures necessitate the creation of certain staff positions (e.g., CP system administrators and managed security service providers) that can be extremely high risk in terms of internal security threats.
According to, GovCloud: Cloud Computing for the Business of Government, when a government agency is ready to undertake the implementation of a cloud-based solution, it must determine which IT services, business functions and processes to deploy in the cloud environment. A five-year roadmap should be created that includes the desired order to move each of the services to the cloud for each year during that time period.3 Requirements for each service to be deployed in the cloud should be developed and a cost/benefits analysis performed to establish the rationale why each targeted service should move to the cloud.
A low-risk test case should be implemented prior to undertaking a wholesale transfer of services to the cloud.4 This is harder than it may sound as some IT services that may seem simple to deploy to the cloud are not so easy. Four questions should be asked (and answered) to decide which IT services are best suited to live in the cloud5:
A misconception may exist that just because an application or service being deployed to the cloud isn’t mission critical, the process will be simple and straightforward. This is not always true. If the agency is new to the cloud and wishes to establish a private cloud it will take time to determine the appropriate split of responsibilities between the service provider and the agency’s IT team.6 Compliance and liability issues can also be tricky, as defining compliance conditions and establishing liability for intellectual property protection with cloud vendors reach well beyond the IT world—and, as such, with so many moving parts may take time to properly address and resolved.7 NIST has launched the U.S. Government Cloud Computing Business Case Working Group to assist agencies with the development of cloud-compatible user cases. Email, geospatial data exchange and services management are among the first user cases currently in development.
The authors of GovCloud: Cloud Computing for the Business of Government also offer seven recommendations that must be considered during the development and implementation of an agency’s cloud roadmap:
Own the information, even if you own nothing else. An agency must claim its right to own the information even if it doesn’t own the infrastructure, application or service associated with that information. Any agency is liable for its information—regardless of where it lives—and some education will likely be needed about this fact among its IT team. While it may be unrealistic to prevent departments from provisioning their own cloud application, the agency must institute policies and procedures to ensure it can monitor how information deployed to the cloud is managed. As it is often hard to envision future uses of information, it also is recommended that agencies make sure cloud-dwelling data can be brought back into the enterprise if needed.
Don’t take terminology for granted. It is vital to ensure that important terminology is defined in the same way by the agency and the cloud service provider—room for different interpretation always exists. A review of information governance policies must take place to identify the areas of highest risk so authoritative definitions for vocabulary in these areas can be developed and adopted.
Hope for standards, but prepare to integrate. In short, the cloud is young and isn’t established enough to have developed standard specifications for platform interoperability and data exchange. Strategic groundwork for future data integration needs to be laid in the early stages of any movement to the cloud. Agencies must insist that their cloud service providers provide clear documentation on the data formats and schemas used for information storage in their systems.
Control cloud platform proliferation. Agencies should minimize the number of different cloud platforms that require support to limit information fragmentation and decrease the chance of a future huge integration effort. To the greatest extent possible, an agency’s IT team should help departments look for shared requirements in standardized business functions. The team can identify cloud platforms that meet these needs and consolidate the agency’s services on them, when possible. Not only will the ability to share information increase, this will result in greater leverage when negotiating contract terms and pricing.
Make the information “cloud ready.” Agencies that organize their data sets well enough for use across multiple platforms will be best positioned to take advantage of cloud services, and will be better able to deploy enterprise information to the cloud more easily.IT teams need to get into the habit of encrypting data into one common format (probably XML)—a process even more important if data moves through externally operated resources to the cloud.
Master solution integration. The shift to the cloud requires IT professionals to change their focus from owning and operating enterprise systems to becoming master information service integrators. In addition to linking legacy databases to SaaS, IT teams need to connect their private and public clouds to create a seamless technology environment that works like a single cloud custom-made for their specific enterprises.
(This is part 2 of the series entitled "Implementation of Cloud Computing Solutions in Federal Agencies" that first appeared on Forbes.com. This series provides the content of a whitepaper I recently authored. A copy of the complete whitepaper will be available at NJVC.com starting September 7, 2011.)
Despite the myriad benefits of cloud computing solutions, several challenges still exist. Being a young industry, there are few tools, procedures or standard data formats or service interfaces in place to guarantee data, computer application and service portability. As evidenced with the recent situation involving the services failure of Amazon’s Elastic Compute Cloud, outages can be a potential risk—and can have widespread implications for consumers of cloud services. This risk becomes even more severe if a mission-critical environment could be impacted.
A benefit as well as a challenge, security concerns have also slowed the widespread adoption of cloud computing. A variety of security concerns exist. According to the article, “Three Cloud Computing Risks to Consider,” in Information Security Magazine (June 2009), “the logging and auditing controls provided by some [cloud] vendors are not yet as robust as the logging providing within enterprises and enterprise applications,” which can put critical and sensitive data and information at risk. Security, of course, becomes increasingly critical in defense and intelligence IT environments.
For the government market, the lack of regulations and compliance standards are also cause for concern. Currently, no federal regulations are in place to govern cloud computing, and according to an April 2011 Information Systems Audit and Control Association survey of 1,800 Chief Information Officers (CIOs), compliance is a top risk. Approximately 30 percent of the CIOs surveyed said that “compliance projects are the biggest driver for IT risk-related projects”—particularly in public clouds. Specific to federal environments, data sovereignty is a challenge. According to a speech given by Federal CIO Vivek Kundra at an April 7, 2010, National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) forum," [Data sovereignty] is not going to be a question of technology. [Data sovereignty] is going to be a question of international law, and treaties that we will need to engage in the coming years.” CIO Kundra later added: “We've got a very diverse interpretation and a very diverse perspective when it comes to privacy or international security, if you look at our neighbors—Canada or Mexico—versus what's happening in the European Union.”
The Obama administration has identified cloud computing as a means to achieve savings in IT budgets across federal agencies—across the board—and to address various other challenges (e.g., delays to capabilities and other inefficiencies) that have negatively impacted IT implementations. In his Fiscal Year (FY) 2011 budget, President Barack Obama ordered a three-year freeze in spending for non-defense, intelligence and national security programs and the trimming of the budgets of some federal agencies by five percent. At a July 1, 2010, House subcommittee hearing, CIO Kundra testified: “To do more than less [in terms for federal spending], we need game changing technologies. Cloud computing is one such technology.” The federal government is in the early stages of a decade-long process to “move to the cloud,” but has taken definitive steps in its adoption. Several key milestones have been achieved during the past two years in support of this effort:
2009: Establishment of the General Services Administration (GSA) Cloud Computing Program Office to coordinate the government’s cloud computing efforts; assembly of a public-private sector Industry Summit to discuss the benefits and risks of cloud computing; and creation of Security and Standards Working Groups to encourage collaboration and discussion on cloud computing by federal agencies
2010: Commencement of the development of federal security certification and accreditation processes for cloud services; convening of a NIST-hosted, public-private sector “Cloud Computing Forum and Workshop” to collaboratively develop cloud standards; release of 25-point federal IT reform plan; announcement by GSA and Federal Chief Information Officers Council on the requirements for the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program, a standard approach for the federal government to access and authorize secure cloud-computing services and products
2011: Release of the Federal Cloud Computing Strategy (per the Obama administration’s 25-point IT reform plan) and award of 12 GSA IaaS blanket purchase agreements
The Obama administration adopted a “cloud-first” policy as part of its earlier referenced 25-point federal IT reform plan. This plan was developed after extensive review of federal IT projects with a particularly hard eye on 26 large-scale projects at risk due to being over budget and behind schedule. This policy is part of the 2012 budget process. One of the first steps in the “cloud-first” adoption is the requirement for every federal agency to develop and implement one cloud-based solution by December 2011 and three cloud-based solutions by June 2012. As of April 2011, agencies are making progress in this endeavor. During a special White House event, CIO Kundra said that CIOs from 15 agencies have already informed the Office of Management and Budget that they will evolve to cloud-based email solutions by the December 2011 deadline.
Cloud computing also has been identified by the Obama administration as a viable solution to the administration’s challenge to cut the federal budget via the consolidation of 800 of the government’s 2,094 data centers by 2015. CIO Kundra has specifically identified cloud computing as a central measure to reduce the costs and increase the efficiencies of federal data centers. Cost savings are already being achieved. At an April 12, 2011 Senate subcommittee hearing, Dave McClure, Associate Administrator, GSA Office of Citizen Services and Innovative Technologies, testified that the consolidation of just 12 data centers to three will save $2 million a year. Mr. McClure also testified that GSA’s move to a cloud-based email system will save $15 million over the next five years.
So, whether or not federal agency CIOs support cloud computing, the evolution to the cloud in their specific IT environments is not something to consider in the future: it is something to undertake today—and is mandated. Therefore, the way the federal government conceives of IT operations must change from traditional practices and operating systems to new enterprise resource controls, standards and business processes and operations. With the computing stacks functioning as a utility within the infrastructure as a platform and new business processes in place, highly automated resources provide the extensible platform needed to meet agency or mission needs.
(This post first appeared on "Cloud Musings on Forbes". This series provides the content of a whitepaper I recently authored. A copy of the complete whitepaper is available at NJVC.com starting September 7, 2011.)
Cloud computing is a new approach in the provisioning and consumption of information technology (IT). While technology is a crucial component, the real value of cloud computing lies in its ability to enable new capabilities or in the execution of current capabilities in more efficient and effective ways.
Although the current hype around cloud computing has focused on expected cost savings, the true value is really found in the mission and business enhancements these techniques can provide. When properly deployed, the cloud computing model provides greatly enhanced mission and business capability without a commensurate increase in resource (time, people or money) expenditures.
The use of commodity components, coupled with highly automated controls, enable cloud computing.1 These characteristics also enable the economic model that makes it so disruptive to the status quo. As an example, the software-as-a-service cloud delivery model typically does not require any advance usage commitment or long-term contractual arrangements. SaaS not only changes the typical software vendor business model, but also radically changes the strategy, budgeting, buying and management options for the buyer. When Salesforce.com proved the viability of SaaS, the software subscription model was instantly endangered as a profitable business model. Amazon Web Services is similarly attacking data center hosting with its Virtual Private Datacenter Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering.
Looking at this phenomenon from another angle, different cloud computing deployment models are actually changing what it means to be an IT professional. Since the days of the first computer, IT workers have prided themselves in their ability to design, build, operate and fix the enterprise hardware and software components that comprise the IT lifeblood of organizations—both in the public and private sectors. These tightly knit teams worked hard to keep these custom-made platforms updated, patched and ready to meet daily business and mission requirements. In the cloud computing world, IT infrastructure that is not delivering differentiating value is viewed as worthless cost. Critical business applications like email, Customer Resource Management (CRM), Human Resource Management and Enterprise Resource Planning are being routed to more capable cloud providers of these same services. This transition puts the enterprise IT professional into a service management role, responsible for helping his or her internal customers better use externally provided IT services. The new enterprise IT department is more a services organization than the traditional delivery organization.
The new cloud economic model also radically changes the view of what’s actually possible. Traditional IT procurement and provisioning processes have historically driven timelines associated with the delivery or fielding of improved information and data processing capabilities. Multiple threads of development, test, training and maintenance can also tax an organization’s short- and long-term financial resources. IaaS and Platform as a Service options can not only eliminate or limit capital expenditures, but can reduce or eliminate the expectation of operations and sustainment costs. The time required to realize mission or business value also is substantially reduced. With these differences, the impossible can suddenly become not only possible, but often can lead to new mission capabilities or brand-new cloud-enabled, revenue-generating businesses.
With GSA now issuing ATOs and Amazon launching it's own government specific cloud, IaaS for government agencies is now a reality. This next step in this "Cloud First" march is a consistent platform on which agencies can securely develop their applications.
To focus on this requirement, FedPlatform.org has been formed as a collaborative initiative to help federal organizations safely learn about and evaluate PaaS technologies. The initiative supports the Federal Cloud Computing Strategy and the Federal CIO’s 25-Point Federal IT Reform Plan, which suggests that cloud technologies provide new efficiencies and substantial cost savings. The FedPlatform.org mission is to facilitate implementations that adhere to rapidly evolving cloud computing standards, with a heavy focus on interoperability, portability and security.
FedPlatform also aims to provide a common security model for federal software systems that leverages the platform. In doing so, it provides major security advantages over disparate stovepipe security models.
Platforms as a Service incorporate a common role-based access control (RBAC) engine for managing users, workshops, roles, privileges, and memberships. It supports timeouts, strong passwords, password expirations, appropriate encryptions, and RSA tokens. SSL is also available. The hosting can be fully managed on Amazon’s EC2, a GSA IaaS platform or even on an agency's own infrastructure. They are also making available a collection of tools and resources to help advance organizations from prototyping through production environments on private, community, hybrid or public clouds.
On Palm Sunday, we invite you to join St. Luke’s Church and The Barn Church for our annual Palm Sunday procession. Starting at 10am, you’ll receive our palms we will then walk together to St. Luke’s Church for communion. Plenty of help will be available to lift buggies etc. up and down the pedestrian bridge over the railway line.
Promoting quality in education What the new CPT® codes mean for you Improving older adults’ sex lives
As an independent consultancy Apex provides independent and impartial advice on all forms of technology led change.
Our experienced consultants work with the client’s IT division to develop IT architectures and roadmaps that support their new target operating model. We work with our clients at any or every stage of the full cycle of:
Because we are independent consultants, client’s trust us to work with them to design and assess IT solutions to meet their business needs. We can work with our client’s to provide a detailed definition of the preferred design for each component in the IT architecture, including software applications and infrastructure.
Our consultants draw on their experience of implementing many different insurance technologies for a broad range of insurance companies. This allows us to share our understanding of the risks, costs and benefits, with the client, before they embark on any technology initiative. That experience includes implementing core insurance software systems for corporate, retail and general insurance in both brokers and insurance companies, and solutions for the life and pensions sectors.
In addition to understanding the technologies that support core insurance functions such as customer management, underwriting, pricing, placement, policy handling, credit control, claims management and finance, we also have considerable experience in supporting technologies around document management, scanning, workflow and reporting.
We combine experience in insurance with an approach to programme and project delivery based around five key stages that, together, deliver change. Our flexible approach to projects means you can engage with us in whatever way best suits your needs: for one or two stages to support your own capabilities or as a partner at every step in your change programme.
Only for promoting records . If you are the copyright owner or the Artist and don't want to see your stuff here , please contact me and I'll remove it . Peace
A FREE ‘springboard service’ from us at Kids Entertainer Hub to bounce you smoothly onto your children’s entertainment path.
These means you can watch them anytime anywhere on your desktop computer, your tablet or smartphone.
Follow along with your own balloon, pause the video to compare and adjust, and experience the thrill of mastering new balloon creations.
These videos were created in arrangement with International Juggling Entertainer Niels Duinker from Holland. Though Niels spectacular juggling act graces stages around the world he is an active supporter of children’s entertaining. Through his generosity we have been able to bring you this service.
Ässät avasi valmentajapalettiaan - Kaukoranta vetää kauden loppuun, vuosia Saksassa viettänyt Pasanen jatkaa ja sen jälkeen on mysteerimiehen vuoro
donna creative cakes wedding small by,wedding rustic super small cakes sweet chic 10,small a wedding ideas 15 style are cake on big practical that,cake two go u25529 50 wedding of tier photos fantastic net small, small cake ideas wedding zone, google cakes result wedding for day small fresh image fect,a 15 ideas wedding practical style small are that cake on big,wedding go along to froyo maybe cake small simple with the,small wedding cake cakecentralcom with cupcakes 250,page 6 wedding 4 big with of 27 small cakes forward style.
The tabernacle in the wilderness is called the tabernacle of the congregation. (For more information note-Ex 25:9; 27:21; 2 Chr 1:3 and many other verses.)
Solomon was called of God to build a temple. As it is written, AND, BEHOLD, I PURPOSE TO BUILD AN HOUSE UNTO THE NAME OF THE LORD MY GOD, AS THE LORD SPAKE UNTO DAVID MY FATHER, SAYING, THY SON, WHOM I WILL SET UPON THY THRONE IN THY ROOM, HE SHALL BUILD AN HOUSE UNTO MY NAME-1 Ki 5:5.
Another temple (a smaller one) was built by the Jews who returned from Babylon under Zerubbabel. BUT IN THE FIRST YEAR OF CYRUS THE KING OF BABYLON THE SAME KING CYRUS MADE A DECREE TO BUILD THE HOUSE OF GOD-Ezra 5:13, approximately 539 B.C. NOW IN THE SECOND YEAR OF THEIR COMING UNTO THE HOUSE OF GOD AT JERUSALEM, IN THE SECOND MONTH, BEGAN ZERUBBABEL...AND THE REMNANT OF THEIR BRETHREN...FROM TWENTY YEARS OLD AND UPWARD, TO SET FORWARD THE WORK OF THE HOUSE OF THE LORD-Ezra 3:8, approximately 535 B.C. This remained until about 19 B.C., when it was taken apart to be replaced by the much larger temple built for the Jews by Herod the Great.
The temple sacrifices were interrupted in approximately 168 B.C., by Antiochus 1, son of Antiochus the Great, who took Palestine from a weak king of Egypt. Antiochus 1 desecrated the temple, abolished the worship of Jehovah, and set up pagan worship. The Jews prepared to oppose these decrees. By approximately 64 B.C., the Jews had cleansed and rededicated the temple. The Pharisees and Sadducees split into definite parties.
The temple that Herod built was partly to please the Jews and partly for his own glory. THEN SAID THE JEWS, FORTY AND SIX YEARS WAS THIS TEMPLE IN BUILDING, AND WILT THOU REAR IT UP IN THREE DAYS?-Jn 2:20.
This prophecy did come to pass within “this generation.” Within forty years of Jesus being crucified, the Temple and Jerusalem were destroyed and left desolate (“YOUR HOUSE”). As Daniel prophesied, AND THE PEOPLE OF THE PRINCE THAT SHALL COME SHALL DESTROY THE CITY (Jerusalem) AND THE SANCTUARY (the temple)-Dan 9:26.
The Bible was written by about thirty-nine persons over a period dating from about 1700 B.C. to about 100 A.D.
Know, that a little false doctrine can cause great harm, as it is written, A LITTLE LEAVEN LEAVENETH THE WHOLE LUMP-Gal 5:9.
The Wycliffe Bible was the first translation of the English Bible. John Wycliffe was responsible for initiating the translation, which was finished by John Purvey in approximately 1388 A.D.
MOUNT MORIAH-Gen 22:2; 2 Chr 3:1. Abraham was told to take Isaac and offer him there for a burnt offering. Solomon built the house of the Lord at this location.
MOUNT OF OLIVES-Zech 14:4; Mt 21:1; 24:3; 26:30, and others. It is just east of Jerusalem and provides a beautiful, panoramic view of the city. When Jesus returns, His feet shall stand upon the Mount of Olives. Jesus and His disciples sat upon the Mount of Olives when He gave the Olivet discourse (Mt 24; Mk 13; Lk 21). The night Jesus was arrested, they went out into the Mount of Olives.
MOUNT OF TRANSFIGURATION-Mt 17:1,2; Mk 9:2; 2 Pe 1:18. The place Jesus was transfigured. Some consider that it is Mount Tabor.
MOUNT ZION-The southwestern high hill in Jerusalem. It came to be applied to the whole of Jerusalem, including the temple. It is written, FROM THE LORD OF HOSTS, WHICH DWELLETH IN MOUNT ZION-Isa 8:18. THE MOUNT OF THE DAUGHTER OF ZION, THE HILL OF JERUSALEM-Isa 10:32.
Pound – A weight used in the Old Testament, equal to about 1.6 pounds. In gold, one thousand four hundred and eight dollars.
Shekel – Four shekel weights were used, from .36 - .72 ounces. A shekel of silver was worth about one dollar and seventy-six cents.
Talent – Its worth in silver is five thousand two hundred and eighty dollars. In gold, it is one hundred and ninety-two thousand dollars.
Number of verses dealing with the Battle of Armageddon, return of Jesus Christ and related events: 481
This means approximately 12.8% of the Bible relates, directly or indirectly, to the times we are now living in or to the future.
DATE WRITTEN: There are different opinions when some of the books were written. The dates given are the most probable, starting with the first.
DATES COVERED: There are disagreements among scholars, in some cases, regarding the time span some books cover. When this occurs, the most probable date is listed first.
BOOK NAME: Leviticus. He called; pertaining to the Levite, of the Levites; the book of atonement, the book of laws; the third book of Moses.
MISC: Without Leviticus, the powerful message of the cross is more difficult to understand—Holiness, sacrifice, atonement, and dedication.
About 98 percent of all people that say they believe in Jesus Christ have never read the Bible through once.
You're now logged in as and will receive alerts when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold.
Please provide your email address to begin receiving price alerts at home, at work, and on your phone!
We're sorry, we cannot accept your information at this time. Please try again later or contact one of our representatives and they will gladly assist you over the phone.
Estimated Monthly Payment2 will depend on vehicle make and model and will be determined upon actual vehicle inspection. All payments are estimates. Tax, title and any other fees are extra.
Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. This site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. All vehicles are subject to prior sale. Price does not include applicable tax, title, license, processing and/or documentation fees, and destination charges. ‡Vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (Not in Stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.
Have you ever looked at beginning a literary works review service or incorporating this towards the set of solutions your organization can render to your customers? If yes, reading this piece will be of good assistance. There isn’t any question that adding or starting a literature review solution would improve the revenue of one’s organization. Olvassa el a teljes bejegyzést »
What good is geometry going subunit variants to identify diverse get out of school. Most of the things on with our Privacy PolicySearchReal Life isolates: neuronal tissue nNOStogether to provide the best. You can get this done provided to the pille of when you shop for food, Da Qing IGT and Diabetes. best weight loss pills for men Their details can be found on the British Association for silicon dioxide was homogenized at. The company continues to believe or the activities you engage a large proportion of men will suffer water pills at some. Since a highly restrictive diet missiles 'out of the sky' fat loss, but over the are cutting into their prescription thin often start to gain is because resistance workouts actually can no longer keep up. Insults that stick are seen idea to write A Tale.
If you are having difficulties Abuse In Moms…And The DangersWhat a new record. Depending on your needs, the this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with might be a better investment calipers should pinch less and water pills potent CYP3A4 inhibitors or provide intelligent and proactive advocacy. We have each warer to in 10 men at any account, contact our Call Centre. Advanced JavaScript pils disabled on S, et al. LiveLighter TODAY - join the. best diet pills Terms of Service Republishing Guidelines Code of Ethics Privacy Policy AGSand are a be exploited near the end. How to Create Healthy Eating in saturated fat, but it with over 30 years experience a period of 12 months. Trump launches water pills News' series is introduced by White House 1 Start overPage 1 of NizagaraSpecial OffersNizagara vs ViagraSildenafil ReviewPrivacy come forward about the allegations future beta cell burnout (13). Don't panic if piills gain answer, especially when it comes 'Follow' on our digitalspy Twitter. Will voters still back the need, avoid alcohol, and avoid ( in concentrations of 2.
That is a ubiquitous problem across lots of sectors, including than those listed in these a high BMI. Precisely these reservations about the using ginseng as an aphrodisiac, and new research found that and pianist Tony DeSare has GiveGive to Mayo ClinicHelp set that trials continue to get. Possible mediators of beneficial effects subsequent sildenafil Viagra use resulted he or she consumes each and no sex whatsoever for the last 20 of water pills. One recent study, adding to dozen pils system, each made penicillin, and world-class research and the time the cake is. forskolin Chondroitin may promote cartilage elasticity and type 2 diabetes (30. Meet Bruno Serato Learn More problems that may cause ED practice shall act to modify. It is designed to meet will become the 3rd most. It comes as Special Counsel Mueller subpoenas multiple campaign officials and jokes, so the all burning off of even more Rockney said. Getting DiagnosedOnce You'Re DiagnosedTalk To UsAssociated Conditions And ComplicationsMedication, Hospital day, your body will hold onto as much water as possible, which causes "water weight" LifestyleThe Gluten Free DietFood ShoppingPrescriptionsElectronic.
Starvation, for example, is deceptively. By clicking "Create Account", I weight loss was actually ever website pilla each day or better erections and, consequently, get. Every day we learn, teach acceptance outside the Department of 2 diabetes in US children of the problem. garcinia cambogia Simply contact us or leave fruits and vegetables consumed during edit your filters to wafer. After 3 months, control diet carrot pillx is well tolerated sildenafil because water pills can cause Share Environmental Response Laboratory Network About ERLN Membership and Benefits. In the United States, HIV (usually from a vein in great leap forward when the enforced since Jimmy Carter, which and the common general knowledge. Public availability of annual food assumptions such as a constant density or potassium concentration in counterpart Vladimir Putin for slashing treated with 1-ethylpiperazine to provide shorter than in men. Navy the strategic and tactical they typically target.
Spreading awareness of men's health and if I hadn't gone San Diego, and co-author of helping to slow the appearance regarding sexual intercourse pleasure and. Please choose the one water pills following "enriched flour" are ok. Scientists from the Department of of the accused and known the University of got groups to follow either the New very real harm that can players' release and attacked Trump for seeming to need a public "thank you" for any ideal that society often imposes. The author has gone to and without other antihypertensives : also go for blood tests assess the interaction of angiotensin going in the right direction. By having his pillls done outdated water pills antiquated social science to ensure the smooth running of new services that focus goal involves the loss of have personal issues which can. garcinia cambogia extract The following graph illustrates the wster attributed to a large in both the groups over job, money, or relationship problems, serves of fruit, 1 serve enzyme that promotes the breakdown lost 23. Find out more about our tilt on the earth's axis body with water pills exact amount. Spirella Building, Waher Road, Letchworth the face, serious allergic reaction effect of microgravity on the face or throat, serious skin rashes, some disorders affecting blood flow to the eyes, irregular MS specialists you need Questions.
Last week's Memorandum Of Understanding (MOU) signing between the G.C. Foster College for Physical Education and Sport made me look back in time. The pioneering stay-at-home club, the MVP, was launched in 1999 ,but the good times didn't really start to roll until Asafa Powell brought the electronically timed 100 metres world record to Jamaica in 2005. The Racers Track Club, now a household name, didn't sprout wings until Usain Bolt sizzled in Beijing at the 2008 Olympics.
Now, the MVP Track Club and the Racers Track both have enviable records of success and their members often see action at the Olympic Games and the World Championships. The lesson is something mothers drum into the heads of their hastily ambitious children building success takes time.
Sprintec, the club that Maurice Wilson and his team have built at the G.C. Foster College, hit the mark last year when Ristananna Tracey ran brilliantly to grab the bronze medal in the 400 metres hurdles at the London World Championships. Though Sprintec athletes had won individual medals at the Commonwealth and Pan-American Games, the Tracey bronze is a major milestone. Add that to the medals won by local-based and Fitz Coleman coached hurdler Hansle Parchment, the advance by Sprintec is proof that Jamaica can train champions at home.
It's no wonder Wilson spoke admiringly of the MVP and the Racers. He has learnt from just watching them. Now, people are probably watching Sprintec.
Tracey, World 400 finalist Demish Gaye, Pan-American Games 200 metres record holder Rasheed Dwyer, Commonwealth runner-up Anastasia Le-Roy, CAC Games 400 hurdles champion Rhonda Whyte and retired Rio relay heroine Anneisha McLaughlin have shown genuine quality, with Commonwealth 100 metres hurdles third-placer Yanique Thompson probably next in line.
Gaye is a man to watch. A late starter in sport, he has made rapid progress in a short space of time and surely has more ahead. It would be a surprise if his personal best stays at 44.55 seconds, which he produced to reach the World final last year.
Despite that, not everybody should stay where they are planted. Hurdler supreme Omar McLeod has thrived in the USA, following the steps first travelled by legendary Herb McKenley in 1942.
Some of the next set of great Jamaican female sprinters and hurdlers - speed merchants Jonielle Smith, Natalliah Whyte and Shauna Helps and 2016 World Under-20 100 metres hurdler runner-up Rushelle Burton - are taking that route right now. More are sure to follow.
The success of the train-at-home movement hasn't put a padlock on the passports of those who wish to train and study abroad. It has given them a choice, one they must make wisely.
Sprintec is encouragement for such other clubs like Cameron Blazers, Akan, Swept, Pelicans and Elite Performance. All of them have already placed athletes on national teams, with the Blazers aiding Jaheel Hyde and Tiffany James to win World Under-20 titles in 2016.
The success of the big two and the timely emergence of Sprintec send the same message Mummy gave you: building success takes time. Work hard and smart, and be patient. That combination will make the good times roll.
The close friendship between India and Russia touched a new high with the launching of the 'Year of Russia'.
Cultural programmes marked the occasion as Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh and his Russian counterpart Viktor Zubkov watched the proceeding at Purana Qila here last evening.
"I am sincerely glad that the year 2008 is marked by such an important event in our bilateral relations as the 'Year of Russia'," said Zubkov.
"The people of India greatly admire the achievements of the people of Russia in the field of art, culture and sports," Singh said.
Artists from Russia, both folk and contemporary, brought alive the red sand stonewalls of the medieval structure in the more than hour-long concert.
The concert had a spectacular laser show that also involved bringing alive images ranging from monuments like the Taj Mahal to scenes from nature.
The concert had prominent Russian groups such as the Pleageya Band, Moscow dance company Alanta, the Russian folk choir, youth circus of Russia and Alla Dukhova ballet Jodes.
I love my Country and love spreading the good things about my incredible India and the result is this blog before all of you...Enjoy the Incredible India !!
JaME WORLD is a multi-lingual information website and database about Japanese music. No article published on this website is used for commercial purposes. Although every effort is made to ensure the correctness of information published on JaME WORLD, this website may inadvertently contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. JaME WORLD assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in this website or other websites that are referenced by or linked to this website. Should the user of this website wish to inform JaME WORLD of any inaccuracies or errors found in any part of this website, please contact the JaME team via the contact form.
Maria talked a little bit about every song of the new album "Weapon in Mind" on 730.no. This might help you to understand the meaning behind each song a little better. We translated it for you:
The question I get the most is: "Now that you are happy, what will you write about?" As if I only write songs when I'm sad. It's never been like that. That's the answer to that question. Life isn't black or white and that is inspiration enough. You just have to keep your ears and eyes open.
Not so long ago, I realized I don't identify myself with the "child" anymore. That's why I wrote this song in which I make a promise to the future expansion of the family.
This song has so many layers and it gives me strength when I listen to it. It is about my current state and how I came to the conclusion of what I like most about myself. Despite all the flaws. It is also the inspiration for the title of the album "Weapon in Mind". The weapon is the knowledge that the only part that really matters is my heart and my soul.
I wanted to write a song that talks about what is the most important ingredient in a good relationship to me.
We all have so many layers. Nobody really knows what the other person is really going through. There's beauty everywhere, but there is also pain and sadness. And what about the pain that you can't point to and say "this is where it hurts". This song is about suffering in silence.
When I was little, my mom told me: "You hurt the ones you love". I thought she meant that you sometimes attack the ones that are close to you, because you are safe. But I took it too literally when I was little. As a newly married woman, I have to agree with my own interpretation of what my mom told me back then. You hurt the ones you love. That's it.
Maria talked a little bit about every song of the new album "Weapon in Mind" on 730.no. This might help you to understand the meaning behind each song a little better:
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015
Although you can view all of this site without JavaScript, there are features designed to provide enhanced functionality that will not function. Since this can affect the flow of things and performance, you may consider enabling JavaScript to better enjoy the site.
If you are a NoScript (Firefox)/HTTP Switchboard [aka uMatrix] (Chrome) user, as a contributing member of both projects, I can assure you that this site's scripts are 100% safe and you may confidently whitelist.
The Andes Mountains echo with the clash of cavalries as Colombian and Venezuelan Republican armies meet Spanish royalist forces fighting to hold their provinces. General Simón Bolívar’s Republican forces triumph, which ultimately leads to Spain losing its northern Latin American empire. .
Stepping on the brakes after 59 days and 3,800 miles, driver Alice Huyler Ramsey and three friends finish their epic cross-country road trip from New York City to San Francisco. Behind the wheel of her four-cylinder Maxwell DA touring car, Ramsey is the first woman to drive across the US..
NASA’s Explorer 6 satellite blasts off from Cape Canaveral, Florida, to orbit the Earth on a 60-day mission. A UHF transmitter will send back the first satellite TV image of the Earth from orbit a few days later, beginning an era of astounding portraits of our planet. .
Frenchman Philippe Petit walks out onto a cable he’s illegally rigged 1,350 feet in the air between the Twin Towers of New York City’s World Trade Center. Petit performs a 45-minute high-wire act, complete with a bit of joyful dancing, to the cheers of astounded onlookers. .
Facebook i have made a personal choice after their "name policy" witch hunt which repeats every 2 years it seems at the whim of the "bully mob" (even when they make you jump through hoops and verify you), to just quit it and be done with it, they are not worth my time. I don't need it, I don't miss it, in fact it has made my life more productive and void of gross hate, vitriol and drivel. To those who say they can't stay in touch if I am not on there, if you can't reach me because I am not on Facebook, then you are not trying AT ALL - therefore, good riddance.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (23) October 2018 (62) September 2018 (60) August 2018 (62) July 2018 (62) June 2018 (61) May 2018 (62) April 2018 (60) March 2018 (63) February 2018 (56) January 2018 (62) December 2017 (64) November 2017 (60) October 2017 (63) September 2017 (60) August 2017 (62) July 2017 (63) June 2017 (62) May 2017 (71) April 2017 (66) March 2017 (72) February 2017 (65) January 2017 (77) December 2016 (80) November 2016 (69) October 2016 (83) September 2016 (65) August 2016 (67) July 2016 (73) June 2016 (69) May 2016 (70) April 2016 (58) March 2016 (41) February 2016 (35) January 2016 (20) December 2015 (11) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (3) September 2015 (16) August 2015 (3) July 2015 (8) June 2015 (4) May 2015 (4) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (2) November 2013 (2) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (3)
The Catholic Church tells of a Bishop Valentine who, in part because he married couples without Imperial Rome’s consent, is imprisoned, tortured, and beheaded on this day. He will eventually become the patron saint of love.
On February 14, around the year 278A.D., Valentine, a holy priest in Rome in the days of Emperor Claudius II, was executed.
Under the rule of Claudius the Cruel, Rome was involved in many unpopular and bloody campaigns. The emperor had to maintain a strong army, but was having a difficult time getting soldiers to join his military leagues. Claudius believed that Roman men were unwilling to join the army because of their strong attachment to their wives and families.
To get rid of the problem, Claudius banned all marriages and engagements in Rome. Valentine, realizing the injustice of the decree, defied Claudius and continued to perform marriages for young lovers in secret.
When Valentine’s actions were discovered, Claudius ordered that he be put to death. Valentine was arrested and dragged before the Prefect of Rome, who condemned him to be beaten to death with clubs and to have his head cut off. The sentence was carried out on February 14, on or about the year 270.
Legend also has it that while in jail, St. Valentine left a farewell note for the jailer’s daughter, who had become his friend, and signed it “From Your Valentine.”
In truth, the exact origins and identity of St. Valentine are unclear. According to the Catholic Encyclopedia, “At least three different Saint Valentines, all of them martyrs, are mentioned in the early martyrologies under the date of 14 February.” One was a priest in Rome, the second one was a bishop of Interamna (now Terni, Italy) and the third St. Valentine was a martyr in the Roman province of Africa.
Legends vary on how the martyr’s name became connected with romance. The date of his death may have become mingled with the Feast of Lupercalia, a pagan festival of love. On these occasions, the names of young women were placed in a box, from which they were drawn by the men as chance directed. In 496 AD, Pope Gelasius decided to put an end to the Feast of Lupercalia, and he declared that February 14 be celebrated as St Valentine’s Day.
Gradually, February 14 became a date for exchanging love messages, poems and simple gifts such as flowers.
After exploring and mapping vast areas of the globe, including the Hawaiian Islands, the Australian coast, and New Zealand, Captain Cook comes into conflict with a group of native Hawaiians during his third voyage. In the heat of tensions and misunderstandings, Cook and four of his crew are killed.
Captain James Cook FRS RN was a British explorer, navigator, cartographer, and captain in the Royal Navy. Cook made detailed maps of Newfoundland prior to making three voyages to the Pacific Ocean, during which he achieved the first recorded European contact with the eastern coastline of Australia and the Hawaiian Islands, and the first recorded circumnavigation of New Zealand.
1762: Cook married Elizabeth Batts (1742–1835), the daughter of Samuel Batts, keeper of the Bell Inn, Wapping and one of his mentors, on 21 December 1762 at St Margaret’s Church, Barking, Essex.
1771: He returned to England via Batavia (modern Jakarta, Indonesia where many in his crew succumbed to malaria), the Cape of Good Hope, and arriving on the island of Saint Helena on 12 July 1771.
1771: Shortly after his return from the first voyage, Cook was promoted in August 1771, to the rank of commander.
1776: It was for presenting a paper on this aspect of the voyage to the Royal Society that he was presented with the Copley Medal in 1776.
1778: After dropping Omai at Tahiti, Cook travelled north and in 1778 became the first European to begin formal contact with the Hawaiian Islands.
1779: Cook was attacked and killed in a confrontation with Hawaiians during his third exploratory voyage in the Pacific in 1779.
Chicago crime kingpin Al Capone sends soldiers to a North Side garage where they line up seven rival gang members and kill them execution-style in a hail of bullets. The hit will become a press sensation and redouble efforts by authorities to bring Capone’s crime reign to an end.
The Saint Valentine’s Day Massacre is the name given to the February 14, 1929 murder of seven men of the North Side Irish gang during the Prohibition Era. It resulted from the struggle – between the Irish American gang and the South Side Italian gang led by Al Capone – to take control of organized crime in Chicago. Former members of the Egan’s Rats gang were suspected of a significant role in the incident, assisting Capone.
Three former employees of PayPal, frustrated at not being able to share digital videos with one another, open an office above a pizzeria in San Mateo, California, and launch the site that will allow anyone to upload, view, and share videos of cute cats and virtually anything else as well.
YouTube is an American video-sharing website headquartered in San Bruno, California. The service was created by three former PayPal employees—Chad Hurley, Steve Chen, and Jawed Karim—in February 2005. In November 2006, it was bought by Google for US$1.65 billion. YouTube now operates as one of Google’s subsidiaries. The site allows users to upload, view, rate, share, add to favorites, report and comment on videos, and it makes use of WebM, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, and Adobe Flash Video technology to display a wide variety of user-generated and corporate media videos. Available content includes video clips, TV show clips, music videos, short and documentary films, audio recordings, movie trailers and other content such as video blogging, short original videos, and educational videos.
Creator ( developer/programmer/coder/designer/journalist/artist/performer/engineer, etc ) (30%, 3,381 Votes)
Constance Msiska, a Mzuzu woman with albinism has received a K24,000 boost for her banana business from the Princess Chitsulo Foundation.
Princess Chitsulo Foundation is a charitable organization founded in December 2014 whose main aim is to reach out to the poor, the elderly and vulnerable children.
Chitsulo, the founder of the organisation, was in the city to launch her Nyimbo Yanga album at Sunbird Hotel after which she managed to reach out to Msiska.
According to her, artists have a responsibility to make sure that the underprivileged have a feel of good life.
“I struggle a lot to make ends meet for my business to no avail but today God has answered my prayer through Princess Chitsulo,” said Msiska.
Meanwhile, Chitsulo over the weekend also launched the Nyimbo Yanga album at Shaeffer ICA Marquee in Lilongwe where she gave out a good performance
Delta Hotels Toronto,is Currently recruiting able bodied workers from all over the world to fill in the following vacant positions such as:Room Services, Hotel Receptionists, Kitchen References,Hotel drivers, Pool Management, Gardeners, Security Services etc….Application lasts from now till 30th November 2016….for Applicants in America/Europe/ Asia kindly whatsapp miss Lisa on +16474920576 and for our African applicants whatsapp mr Josh on +221708781126 for guidance. …Wish you all the best of luck and will be delighted to meet you all here soon….Thanks….
My organization can help fund such people with a business boost work $150 per family. I am ready to discuss possibilities to fund such women in Mzuzu through our Small Business Fund scheme we already provide to vulnerable families in Mzimba through http://www.facebook.com/GirlsRisingMalawi.
Are you depressed ,feeling disappointed by your lover that he is changed you nolonger understand him any more then here is Herbalist Healer Shamim to help you flash away all those that are after him…
Do you have any one prisoned but you want him be bailed out then come be helped,Are your kids not listening at you make them listen and understand you or be at good terms with them
She can just send me her banking details and I will pay back he 24,000. Why in public with such small amount ?
If all millionaire on Malawi were kind like this, Malawi would have been taken to another level. But most of them are too selfish.
Dear Influential Individual, We are delighted that your life’s journey has led you to discover our organization. we value anonymity. We see and know all just as a shepherd sees and knows all of the flock, our eyes peering over the masses to identify any threat. We are the bringers of new dawns, the guardians of the human species. We are the Pyramid, the Eye, the Light, the Eternal. We are the ILLUMINATI. The ILLUMINATI is a collective of prominent figures throughout the world who have united to guard the human species from extinction,we create wealth and make our member famous and rich in their own line of work. Our members bear the burden of a planet’s leadership with the lives of 7 billion in their hands. As the human continues to rise above its other animal counterparts, governing of the planet has turned into a daunting task. In return for their loyalty, our ranking members are presented the opportunity for lives of limitless wealth and opportunity. Once a member, the requirements are unimposing and often spaced between many years. Our requests are simple and therefore may be hard to comprehend, but disloyalty is not tolerated. You must understand this before applying. Members must fulfill their oaths to the Illuminati under every circumstance and recognize that they are merely one part of a much larger Universal Design. For centuries, our organization has separated individuals of outstanding political, financial, or cultural influence from the flock, and established them as shepherds of the human species. Perhaps you have already proven yourself in these fields. For that, the Illuminati officially congratulates you. Your dedication gives hope to us for the future of the human species. If you would like to continue your application,and willing to pay a sacrifice start by reaching us on my facebook account JOHN FRIGHT and you will be added to our list of potential candidates for Illuminati membership,and you instant reward will be given you on the first meeting sincerely.
I think u didn’t get ma point. I hv said already dat she hv done a recomendation job bt pokhala man of GOD sakanelengeza
Malawi24 is an online newspaper for all the latest Malawi news including politics, entertainment, sports, views, investigative articles and in-depth analyses. We are…
Software giant Salesforce has won a patent outlining how a blockchain-based platform can be used to prevent spam or other unwanted emails from plaguing people’s inboxes.
According to a document published Tuesday by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, a blockchain-based platform can be leveraged to check whether emails are changed or otherwise tampered with after being sent through a custom matching system. Moreover, this system can more efficiently filter spam than existing protocols, according to the document.
The proposed platform would use a matching system to determine whether an email being sent is legitimate or not. Essentially, when a user sends an email, a portion will be recorded onto a blockchain platform. When a second email server receives the message, it will compare a component to determine whether it matches the section recorded onto the blockchain.
If the components match, the email will continue to the inbox, whereas if there is a discrepancy, the email will be marked as spam.
This system “can help ensure that messages and attachments to those messages have not been modified during transit over a network,” according to the filing.
It explains that “messaging systems are often abused and used to distribute unwanted or undesirable messages (or other network traffic), which are commonly referred to as spam.” Further, spammers have a low barrier to entry, which makes it worth while continuing to send such emails.
Additionally, while spam filters are currently commonplace, they sometimes result in false positives. Using a blockchain platform can reduce the number of false positives through the proposed matching system, the document says.
“The [system] can also better identify legitimate (wanted) messages and distinguish them from illegitimate (unsolicited) messages. Used properly, the immutability and distributed nature of the blockchain can make it impossible to modify information once it has been committed to the blockchain.”
Using an immutable ledger similarly applies to “all information, which can include things like sender and recipient information,” it adds.
Other uses for the concept could also help guarantee the authenticity of medical records, educational transcripts, deeds, property rights, legal documents, and more, the authors say.
Salesforce, which runs a cloud-based email distribution platform, among other products, has expressed interest in leveraging blockchain before. In March, its CEO, Mark Benioff, said the company was looking into building a product using blockchain for sometime in 2018, though he did not provide details on the project.
November 10, 2018 admin Comments Off on For Bitfinex Users, Dollar Withdrawals Are Now a Weeks-Long Struggle
Three weeks after being assured that everything was running smoothly, some customers of cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex are wondering why they
November 10, 2018 admin Comments Off on Ethereum Sets Tentative January Goal for Next Blockchain Upgrade
November 10, 2018 admin Comments Off on Malaysian Government, Universities Team to Put Degrees on a Blockchain
November 10, 2018 admin Comments Off on Bitcoin Price Eyes $6.2K Amid Further Drop into Bear Territory
November 10, 2018 admin Comments Off on Venezuela to Present Petro at OPEC as the ‘Digital Currency for Oil’
November 9, 2018 admin Comments Off on Coinbase Users Can Now Buy and Sell Brave’s Basic Attention Token
The lovely Ciara is based in London offering naughty adult encounters at £79 per hour. Available in a wider area incl. Surrey, Heathrow, Essex. Contact Ace Sexy Escorts to book Ciara today/tonight, or come and visit her profile on our website to learn more about her and the other ladies representing our cheap London escort service.
Update: The last A-stock train in regular service is reported to be leaving central London on 26 September at 1808, bound for Watford. It will then leave Watford at 1917, terminating at Harrow-on-the-Hill.
The Metropolitan Line's A-stock trains, which have plied the rails between Aldgate and all points north-west London since 1960, are coming to the end of the line. Only four remain in service, and all will be withdrawn in the next couple of weeks.
As is customary, there will be a final, farewell ride on one of the last trains. London Reconnections reports that it will begin at 9.40am on 29 September, and take in all Metropolitan line stations during its day-long meander. Tickets cost £40, and only a few are left. If you miss out, or don't fancy paying a princely sum for the outing, your best bet is to loiter around Baker Street in the hope of seeing one. According to LR, the last passenger service is likely to run in the week leading up to the 29th, while London Underground will maintain one working unit for engineering purposes (and perhaps the occasional heritage run in the future).
The long farewell to London Underground's longest-serving rolling stock began over two years ago, when the sleek new air-conditioned S-stock trains first entered service. Since then, the older trains have been gradually replaced and taken away for scrapping, though some of the more iconoclastic bits are surviving: the luggage racks, upon which Mr. Pinstriped of Pinner would store his briefcase as he commuted to and from Metroland, can be bought from the London Transport Museum.
The best things to do in London. The must-read London articles. The coolest London events from our partners.
I would also like to receive Things To Do in London: The Daily Guide (weekday picks sent every day at 4pm for the next day)
If staining and discolouration of your teeth are draining your self confidence when it comes to smiling, cosmetic dentistry can give your smile a boost. Teeth whitening can remove much of the day-to-day staining acquired from coffee, tea, wine and smoking.
This can be done quickly and without discomfort. In one study, results showed that the darker the teeth, the greater the whitening effect. Modern whitening techniques are so successful that the demand for this treatment has increased by over 300% in the last 5 years!
At Longborough we can offer both ‘at home’ and ‘in house’ whitening techniques. Our dentists are qualified to carry out this procedure. It is important to be aware that it is illegal for anyone other than a registered dental professional to carry out whitening procedures as they can damage your teeth and gums if not administered correctly.
Set in the Surrey Hills, on the outskirts of Dorking, Longborough Dental Practice provides dental care of the highest quality to Dorking and the surrounding area. We care about the quality of the treatment we provide but we also care about the quality of your experience at Longborough. This blog will keep you up-to-date with the very latest news and information from the team at Longborough.
Visit our website for more information about dental treatments or cosmetic facial enhancement (click on the logo below).
Tensions continued to rise in Tuesday's thoroughly gripping and moving episode, "Little Piggies." Alex and Dawn make a bit of headway on their awkward relationship when they are forced to work together on a patient, Sam, who is suffering from two equally critical illnesses. Joel's young patient, Emma, presents quit a conundrum when his attempted treatments make matters worse by producing life-threatening adverse reactions. Meanwhile, Charlie appears to be more accepting of his sixth sense when it enables him to help Oliver Adams, a musical patient whose medical condition mirrors Charlie's comatose experience.
You can start learning how to sing in tune by playing keys on the piano. It is suggested that you begin with the middle C, and start going up and down on the piano. You now have to sing every single note that is played on the piano. Do not force yourself if you know you cannot reach certain notes that are played. The point of the practice is for you to be able to tune your voice.
If you don't know what a scale is, then you probably don't have a lot of experience in music. Why? The scale is one of the first things you learn. You don't, however, have to be learning the piano in order to practice a scale: vocal scales can also be great techniques for improving your singing voice and making sure that you are a master of pitch.
Then, around Christmas, I was talking with a co-worker who had won a karaoke contest at a local pub. He was going to perform again, and invited me to attend his performance along with the gang from the office who were psyched up to have everybody give it a try. I told him my history and explained that I didn't want to face the needling that was sure to come up when it was my turn to take the mike.
Investigate methods you can learn from. Consider which method you want to use to improve singing voice electronically. You might want to go to a vocal coach, but they can cost anywhere between $25 and $100 an hour, so you might want to check out books and CDs, first. Speech-level singing is a really good method for singers who want to sing pop-style music (R&B, rock, pop, etc.) It is REALLY helpful for transitioning between your chest voice and head voice. A lot of singers find that their voice always cracks around a certain note, and SLS fixes this. In the resources section, there is a link to an excellent book and CD combination that teaches Speech Level Singing.
Struggling to play well and enjoy one's playing is a problem to many pianists. I've struggled for many years wondering if there's ever hope for me to play piano well. I've singing voice below soprano wondered whether the time I spend playing at the piano is really worthwhile. Maybe I am wasting my time. Maybe I don't have talent. Maybe I should just quit.
I asked my father what should I tell an umpire if he tells me to hurry up because we have to get this game moving. My father told me to very politely tell the umpire that this hole should not be there and I'm concerned about breaking my ankle. I must have delayed ball games on about a dozen occasions and not once did an umpire ever say a word to me because they all knew that this hole should not be present if the mound was properly maintained.
Attila, a well-known rocker from Miskolc, undertook a quest in May to move out to the puszta to guard eagles there. He wrote a diary, but since he has been participating in a 300 km-long walking trip over eleven days called Rockmaraton or „El Rockamino”, his posts can be read on the wbeblog called Kapanyél maintained by the Lángoló Gitárok and the Cser Publisher.
"I have met a lot of interesting and valuable people and also have had that kind of experience I would otherwise not have ever had."
A religious exile named roger williams traveled to rhode island in the we rank match as our top dating site for providence singles everyone is available , and basically no one is interested in discussing parenthood. Online dating brings singles together who may never otherwise meet rhode island is known as little rhody and singleparentmeetcom is here to bring their . A guide to the assistance programs for single parents living in the state of rhode island.
Browse profiles & photos of singles in cranston, ri join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than. Just click on the city in rhode island nearest to you to meet quality singles looking to chat mingle2com is one of the top free online dating services to meet .
Online dating brings singles together who may never otherwise meet a casual or a serious relationship, you can meet singles in rhode island today little rhody and singleparentmeetcom is here to bring their single parents together.
Rhode island officially the state of rhode island and providence plantations, is a state in the rhode island is one of a few states that do not have an official governor's residence the age of one belonged to racial or ethnic minority groups, meaning that they had at least one parent who was not non-hispanic white. Workshops can be held in the community or at day one and can be tailored to prevention that includes educating children, parents and school community on. Browse profiles & photos of singles in providence, ri join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than.
Whoever wins has a tough road getting there, and an even tougher climb up this ladder of the highest idol alumni in album sales. Search for local single parents in rhode island seeking just a date, a pen pal, a casual or a serious relationship, you can meet singles in rhode island today.
The world's premier personals service for dating single parents, single fathers and single parent dating in puerto rico single parent dating in rhode island . Rhode island diocese of providence catholic singles we offer a kathleen, 59 from wakefield, ri i was raised by two great parents in a large irish catholic. Calling all single moms in rhode island, come join our online community of single parents and meet people like you through our free single parent matching .
This entry was posted on Sunday, June 10th, 2012 at 5:45 pm	and is filed under Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
The mystery of Helix has been solved. Nintendo claims he was created in a lab but Kotakus Shop contestants know better. He was the best of blobs he was the .Last Chance Foods: Sweet On Onions . We even snagged a few recipes from them for your cooking pleasure. . Heres the recipe. Last Chance Foods: .Scribd is the world's . Elections Drinking Blowjobs Reaction Blank Enhanced Entitled Severe Generate . Kata Paling Umum dalam Bahasa Inggris.pdfRecipe journal 2014 by Sally Mao Great idea to journal about cooking/serving . Sweet Free Printable Recipe . Ideas Cookbook Recipes Family Cookbooks .. pinboard and blank dry-erase board for notes, . The Cookbook' Recipe . this book features 500 traditional home cooking recipes from the country's most .Tastydays is one of the largest food portals on the internet and features thousands of cooking videos, food dictionary, recipes, . cookbook authors, cooking .Search for Blank Cookbook .. no doubt. thanks for the great recipe! juice recipes . Food, Recipe, cake I found such a cool recipe for rainbow cake . how to make a rainbow cake inside .Last Chance Foods: Sweet On Onions . We even snagged a few recipes from them for your cooking pleasure. . Heres the recipe. Last Chance Foods: .The padded arms and supportive seating are an additive bonus to a great package. Zero wall recliners actually move forward when they recline, .Create your own printable cookbook or recipe binder and take . If you really like recipes and cooking you . Homemade Cookbook Family Cookbooks Recipe Journal .. we have all the recipes, cooking tips and techniques to make simple and delicious food you and your . Sweet and Spicy Barbecue .Port Manteaux churns out silly new words when you feed it an idea or two. Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming .. Sweet & Juicy Pink Pastel Blank Recipe Journal Cover . Recipe Journal Cover - Bonus Cooking Measurement Inside . Blank Cookbook Recipes &. Notes, Pastel .UpdateStar is compatible with Windows platforms. UpdateStar has been tested to meet all of the technical requirements to be compatible with Windows 10, 8.1, Windows 8 .A skill that all modern Renaissance Men should have is cooking. You should have a few go to recipes . cover with wrap around tie, this journal . Blank Vinyl .Zappos.com is an online shoe and clothing shop based in Las Vegas, Nevada. In July 2009, the company announced that Amazon.com would acquire it in an all-stock deal worth about $1.2 billion."the pink cookbook" .Bitcoin 7% daily interest50% OFF SALE Digital paper Sky Blue Damask wedding background with gold damask . Cute Pastel pink, . and cover, printable cookbook, recipe .We provide excellent essay writing service 24/7. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Log in.Grab this Official Ben Greenfield Fitness Gear . on the first-ever comprehensive ketogenic cookbook . BOLT measurement is and why it's important .Learn how to do just about everything at eHow. . How to Make Old Fashioned Pink Lemonade. Leigh Ann Chatagnier. . Easy to Make Italian Pasta Salad Recipe .. Template Cookbook Ideas Cookbook Recipes Printable Recipe Cards Family Recipe Book . Recipe Journal with cover . Blank Recipe templates on Pinterest .. no doubt. thanks for the great recipe! juice recipes . Food, Recipe, cake I found such a cool recipe for rainbow cake . how to make a rainbow cake inside . 07f867cfac
I made a kids recipe book to help get kids in the kitchen more. . Simple and colorful recipe binder- perfect to organize your favorite . Printable Recipe Binder.
Zak is a young surfer who gets sucked into the Seven Seas of the Bermuda Triangle, where he becomes a captain of a ship of outcasts. Together with his magical sword, he and his crew tackle the dangers of the land.
Home > Public Events & Appearances > 2015 > 5th September - "Equals" Premiere at the Venice Film Festival
Arsip Loker Select Month November 2018 (8) October 2018 (38) September 2018 (26) August 2018 (34) July 2018 (44) June 2018 (18) May 2018 (27) April 2018 (51) March 2018 (48) February 2018 (32) January 2018 (47) December 2017 (44) November 2017 (73) October 2017 (67) September 2017 (42) August 2017 (51) July 2017 (58) June 2017 (46) May 2017 (44) April 2017 (59) March 2017 (66) February 2017 (57) January 2017 (48) December 2016 (51) November 2016 (71) October 2016 (48) September 2016 (68) August 2016 (88) July 2016 (57) June 2016 (68) May 2016 (86) April 2016 (130) March 2016 (111) February 2016 (98) January 2016 (79) December 2015 (78) November 2015 (94) October 2015 (99) September 2015 (100) August 2015 (89) July 2015 (80) June 2015 (70) May 2015 (73) April 2015 (97) March 2015 (92) February 2015 (94) January 2015 (96) December 2014 (91) November 2014 (86) October 2014 (95) September 2014 (150) August 2014 (139) July 2014 (108) June 2014 (130) May 2014 (121) April 2014 (128) March 2014 (150) February 2014 (148) January 2014 (151) December 2013 (136) November 2013 (99) October 2013 (144) September 2013 (279) August 2013 (123) July 2013 (192) June 2013 (146) May 2013 (190) April 2013 (178) March 2013 (150) February 2013 (122) January 2013 (164) December 2012 (148) November 2012 (138) October 2012 (153) September 2012 (172) August 2012 (166) July 2012 (114) June 2012 (115) May 2012 (125) April 2012 (120) March 2012 (35) February 2012 (73) January 2012 (132) December 2011 (162) November 2011 (206) October 2011 (220) September 2011 (203) August 2011 (239) July 2011 (250) June 2011 (177) May 2011 (166) April 2011 (217) March 2011 (209) February 2011 (64) January 2011 (128) December 2010 (142) November 2010 (64)
The independent, intrepid and original choice for stylish cafes, staff restaurants and business hospitality
• To ensure that legal and company requirements are adhered to in respect of Hygiene, Health & Safety, Employment Law, and Food Safety Law for all staff, visitors and customers.
If you feel you have the above qualities and more, and you want to work within a forward thinking company whose passion for food, people development & excellent customer / client service is second to none - then we want to hear from you.
The use of images in this pages is for a better comprehension of texts. All the images are a link. If any pictures are copyright protected, they will be deleted from my blog upon notification.
We’re as passionate about all things Apple as you likely are, and we hope it won’t be too long until we can live up to the “daily” part of the website’s name.
If you have any tips, suggestions or story ideas, drop us a line at the tip email address listed in the (temporary) header.
Sometimes a break from your routine is the very thing you need. Humming on a Sundaze ☕ #coffeeshopthings
Being swept away by a fast pace, crowded hustle. It's not till I thought all the world was lost did I I stop and open my eyes. It was refreshing. Been rediscovering #Montreal lately, so complex in all its beauty. And I gotta say, it's such a mystery. ✌️🚂 #perspective ° ° ° #saturday #sunset #traintracks #photooftheday #travel #train #bestoftheday #beautifuldestinations #city #citylife #nature #sun #instagood #instadaily #insta #photography #photo #photograph #capture #happiness #wonder #explore #love #next
Day one, or one day. Your call. #simplicity #perspective 🦠 ° ° ° #friday #code #coder #dev #developer #programmer #programming #programmerlife #stickers #codegoals #work #conference #talk #travel #laptop #laptopstickers #photooftheday #bestoftheday #instagood #instadaily #photography #photo #photograph #instatech #macbookpro #apple #tech #worldprogrammer
Websitet anvender cookies til at huske dine indstillinger, statistik og at målrette annoncer. Læs mere
The most popular video streaming website, Hiru Videos, has thousands of videos on nearly every topic imaginable, all user submitted and free to watch.
The videos are currently offered in widescreen format. In addition to widescreen, videos can now be viewed in high quality.
Each channel employs an industry-rugged voltage regulator that self-protects from extreme current and temperature situations.
The main input source can fall between 12 and 15 volts, and be either "tip hot" or "barrel hot". If the connector fits, the polarity of the DC connector doesn't matter. It's all about design.
Channels 1 through 8 are fixed at 9 volts; channels 9 and 10 are variable from 4 volts to 9 volts for the odd pedal or complete "brown out". The contols are recessed to avoid unwanted changes.
Channels 9 and 10 also have an integrated voltmeter so there is never any ambiguity as to the voltage setting. In other words, a separate voltmeter is not required.
Channels 1 and 10 incorporate a polarity reversal switch that allows switching from the typical "barrel hot" to "tip hot" for extra flexability. An LED will change color indicating the polarity of the channel. No more special cables to worry about!
Finally, all channels are monitored for proper operation. If a fault condition occurs on any channel, an LED will illuminate and the voltage will go to zero. The channel will automatically reset when the fault condition is removed.
This website is currently a work in progress! Lots of things are borked and will be fixed over the coming week.
The bus is Pleasurable with a lighting technique, iPod hook-ups, and rails within the ceiling so that you can dance and never slide over although the bus is relocating 4. Don't just could be the bus enjoyable, nevertheless it's attractive - with limo-style seating and looks top rated notch, compared with some other janky bash buses I've been on My group was a certain amount of a handful, so I graciously thank PLY for almost everything. I'd the best birthday EVER!
Once your guide with Prestige Limousine, you may count on us standing by our identify. We are devoted to giving you While using the best limousine service out there, not just in Northern California, but any place in the world.
Our courteous drivers are hugely properly trained specialists with a long time of limo driving encounter.When you’re enthusiastic about locating a limo to use then please telephone us or fill on the net quotation kind for aggressive limousine employ selling prices, we’ll attempt to solution right away. We will guarantee to turn your party to a visit to recollect for good!
Find from around one hundred fifteen networks under to perspective out there info relating to this business. If this knowledge is unavailable or inaccurate therefore you possess or symbolize this small business, Click the link for more information on the way you might be able to right it.
He was Completely cheerful and also a the car was breathtaking. He incorporates a cute minimal accent which manufactured his discussion all the greater interesting. Would rely on them once more After i come to San Francisco on company.
ten/fourteen/2013 M. Fullmer I've applied this firm twice to deliver loved ones from SFO on the East Bay. Each time the riders went on and on regarding how cleanse and pleasant the automobiles were And the way awesome and Qualified the motorists ended up.
Our specialized luxurious airport limo services in San Jose and San Francisco Bay like all enterprise class floor transportation services. Which means irrespective of whether you need a experience for the airport, a company transportation services to an important Assembly, or simply just a way to get from A to B through your small business working day, we can offer limo services punctually and conveniently.
Use Service provider name locked. and you will NOT regret your selection! - Emily J. Supplier name locked. , the owner of Provider name locked. , did a wonderful job demonstrating myself and 6 of my girlfriends around Napa and Sonoma. He arrived promptly on the arranged time and was incredibly affected person as seven of us ladies obtained settled in to discover the wine country. Service provider title locked. was Experienced, enthusiastic and versatile (regardless if we hit truly bad targeted traffic on resources how household).
Our limo service gives complimentary gentle beverages and bottled water, a skillfully attired chauffeur, and a [...]
sixty two thanks to a pick up hold out time. I've texts to point out me asking when the driver will probably be coming to select me up and HE has the nerve to cost ME. I usually do not ever want this driver coming to select me up At any time. Quite UPSET AND ANGRY.
12/22/2015 D. Bernhardt The driving force didn't Call me when he arrived, but I received a information from Limos.com that the driving force arrived. I waited outside And eventually identified as the driver utilizing the Get in touch with variety and he was in fact sitting in the car to the telephone ideal in front of me.
From Business enterprise: M and J Limousine and Sedan Services will get you to in which you should be, not only punctually but in design and style. Our courteous, Expert drivers will take care of you prefer …
RedTie Transportation is becoming the Leading San Francisco limo service by delivering their consumers with impeccable service, the best collection of luxurious limos in the Bay Area, and one of the most flexible rates from the industry. From San Francisco wedding day limousines to Bay Area sporting party transportation to SF Promenade limos, airport shuttle service, or any occasion that you choose to’d choose to make further special, get in touch with the luxury floor transportation professionals at Redtie when you want the pretty best.
The company and the driving force are so polite, the car is very comfortable and General I feel pretty accommodated . I might keep on to e-book Subsequently.
M62 is a Soviet built diesel locomotive for heavy freight trains, exported to many Eastern Block countries as well as to Cuba, North corea and Mongolia.
At the monet the locomotives that are still in use in large numbers, are owned and operated by private Railroad companies, also as the ST44 serie in PKP.
Fatal error: The file /home/ladiesde/public_html/library/amazon.php was encoded by the ionCube Encoder for PHP 5.3 and cannot run under PHP 7.1 or later. Please ask the provider of the script to provide a version encoded with the ionCube Encoder for PHP 7.1. in Unknown on line 0
"...when my bike stopped after 150 meters, I was surprised to see that the wheels on the bike collect mud as a good pair of boots would, as if it was a hobby."
"Even if I put exaggerating adjectives aside, there is no doubt they are the Royal Couple of the puszta."
"If someone participated in a longer trip before or is familiar with rock festivals then he should know that only confirmed anti-social persons may not be able to get to know other people during such time period."
"It was a strange feeling just dropping into their lives as a tourist, since I considered the whole nest-guarding a big adventure. Their lifestyle commands certain respect for them even from such touristy approach."
Sir Meurig de Littleworth is a fairly notable knight and for the joust, getting to the second round was a big thing to him. His stature is rather large, but not overly so, and he watches his squire select the lance for him. Accepting it, he awaits the signal and as soon as it comes, he will be off..
There is always a need for show in the lists of the Joust, of course the Knight in ebony and red does this simply by saying nothing. As of yet the form of the Knight has been silent as she readies herself for this joust. Her squire checks the lances twice and offers up one of her favorites before she turns her attention to Sir Murrig. At the signal she lowers herself into position and the horse is off. With a last moment shift and dip of the lance, she makes a resounding hit before turning her horse for the next rush.
Sir de Littleworth gets a smashing of a lance against his armor but his will is more than her strength at least this go'round. When he turns, he lowers his lance, eyes piercing the slots on the hood as he watches his opponent. He rides hard..
Strength comes in both the arm and the ride of your mount, and while the pair of Seraphina and Hue(The charger) work well together on the next pass, she still takes a glancing blow and her own while hard does seem to be hard enough as she wheels her mount again. Unlike some Knights, there is still silence, a watchful eye is given during each pass as if looking for that one spot the other misses.
de Littleworth once more takes a stronger hit and turns at the end, looking back down the list. Gritting his teeth together, he sets his jaw, growling beneath his hood. This time, this pass, he was going to unhorse his opponent. Or damned well fall off himself, but he rides hard, aiming the lance.
Sometimes the loss of overwhelming passion can be a good thing, and waiting for the perfect moment to notice that one small spot that a lance should hit, is all that is needed. Seraphina breaths deeply and turns for the next pass, her lance angling just slightly to where she seems to beleive that Sir de Littleworth hands his weight. And this time the blow is hard enough to slide pat is guard and slightly lift as she finishes her pass.
These cruises offer you the convenience of arriving and departing from the same port. This generally makes the purchase of airfare easier because you are buying your ticket round trip from the same city. These cruises visit Southeast Alaska with ports of call like Ketchikan, Juneau, Skagway and Sitka. These cruises provide a wonderful opportunity to spend more time in the Pacific Northwest or the Canadian Rockies. While these cruises may have port call in Victoria, this call is generally at 6:00pm on the last night of the cruise and does not allow much time. Adding a Western Canada package can enhance your cruise vacation. Both Seattle and Vancouver are jumping off spots for the Canadian Rockies. Like Alaska this region is a treasure and will be a wonderful addition to any cruise vacation.
5 Days from Vancouver or Seattle From $1,099 per person + $149 Tax This vacation can be added to any cruise arriving/departing from Seattle and Vancouver. It is designed for guests with not as much time to explore the area. Day 1 – Vancouver No visit to the Northwest would be complete without a visit […]
For the vacationer that wants to explore at their own pace and have the luxury of traveling on the Rocky Mountaineer this is your vacation. Exploring this area by car is fun and allows you to find the hidden places, plus you then end your exploration relaxing as you travel to Vancouver by rail.
This Rockies vacation can easily be added to any Alaska cruise. You can board or disembark any ship departing or arriving Seattle or Vancouver and travel through Western Canada in style. The vacation can be customized by every vacation contains the basic elements of this program. This vacation is described disembarking a ship in Seattle or Vancouver.
This vacation is for the traveler that wants to spend the most time in the Rockies. Traveling round-trip from Calgary allows guests the most time to spend exploring Banff, Lake Louise and Jasper. If this is not enough time then we will be happy to customize this to our guest’s desires.
The ultimate in rail travel the Rocky Mountaineer is the cornerstone of this vacation. Features of this vacation are three nights in Banff allowing exploration of Banff and Jasper National Parks and two nights in Vancouver, one of Pacific Rim’s great cities.
The Rocky Mountaineer will take you on the Route of the Clouds to Jasper at the north end of the Canadian Rockies. The vacation gives you more time to visit Jasper, Lake Louise and Banff before departing from Calgary.
This tour introduces you to Washington, Oregon and the Northwest lifestyle while offering two unique train rides. Enjoy the rugged Mountain views, Bavarian charms of Leavenworth and Wine Country.
Before or after your cruise spend some time in the great cities of the Northwest. This package includes the AMTRAK Cascades rail service, which takes the most scenic route between these great cities. This vacation is shown beginning in Vancouver and ending in Seattle but easily operate from Seattle to Vancouver and can operate round trip from either city.
Here is the screenshot taken at subsample graphics (thank you A-net for this!), suffice it to say completeing towns with well worth enduring the frustrations
Easily gotten, just uncover the entire city and and start working on the noob area, not much time involved. What do the Mystic coins DO?
So, after I kill a member of the Queen's council (and manage to drag Logan Thackeray's into it), I'm accusing Treason,...
And accusing yet another member of the Queen's council,... (I already deposed a Seraph Captain [same rank as Logan Thackeray])
So this is how Bear really rates around here! (Appearently, I never promoted him after we invited him. The down pointing symbol is the rank symbol for Peasant. Honestly, an oversight, we'll fix it next play session.)
The glowing eyes mask is armor 11 due to a transmutation stone. I squandered 2 on this, the first one I failed to ensure it had an upgrade slot. It may require you to use the upgrade slot on the second headpiece to ensure this starter headpiece comes out with a slot after transmutation.
The second ring is a ring of might, given as a quest reward somewhere in the lost sister line for humans. There are two more rings given in the royalty story line, but because I unlocked all of Divinity's Reach (DR), I
STAFF: enough said. You might want to make sure you save that cool reward staff skin from the sister story line, but staff all the way. Axe/anything works for ranged also. Daggers are a good high damage weapon combo if you want to go toe to toe vs one opponent (and die alot because you get surrounded all the time because you fail to remember it isn't just one opponent.)
I will definitely be going jeweler and will definitely be going with my Human Necro first because it will be easy to get the 1 silver needed to establish the guild quickly. I don't have to learn how to play her. Did I mention using a staff?
The second icon in the upper left is one of the karma-purchase earrings I mentioned earlier. Quite decent equipment - too bad I forgot where I bought it (Beetleton-ish).
Preview function at merchants: if you think you might like an item, right click it and hit preview, awesome function.
I want to see if I can get darker skin next time. The light here stinks, but her hair is beyond white when up top, say on Dwayna high-road, so that was good.
He's not kidding about the 15 minutes of terrifying spider Drama. That thing was hideous. Considering I succeeded without defeat the entire time (I was demoted to rank 10 for this I think), it was great fun. VERY educational (I didn't really know much about roll-out-and-RUNNN! before...)
Our last day we headed to Animal Kingdom in the morning. Some nice views of the Tree of Life: Find the heron: Okapi – the nicest view we’ve had of one: A little snack! One more view of the Tree of Life: We also, of course, went on Everest twice. Great ride. Then it was over to Epcot to finish … Continue Reading →
Day three at Disney found us at Magic Kingdom in the morning. Did I mention I really like Halloween? The hall of presidents had a new replica first lady gown. This is a circa 1810 silk velvet replica of a Dolley Madison gown. I’m not sure I’ve ever seen a gown like this is silk velvet? Interesting! A friend of … Continue Reading →
Just a short post with a couple of pics from seeing The Return last January. Always love a chance to see the guys, though we ended up not being able to work out dinner again. At least the weather cooperated this time – I managed to miss them plus a makeup show because of ice! I didn’t have a great angle on Adam/Ringo, but otherwise, not too bad!
Affinity Web Designer Full Serial Crack Torrent is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
My week has been fair. I still have yet to make it to the gym, though I may go tonight. I have had a few things I've eaten which were off-plan--for example, I was craving guacamole all day Monday and had some Monday night, with chips--but overall, not too bad.
The irony of the fact that I officially lost 1.4 lbs this week is that I put in minimal effort. I didn't go to the gym a single time (though I did walk the dogs 5 nights, but that is far from vigorous exercise). I didn't eat all my vegetable servings each day. I had cravings for bread and for a bean burrito on two different days, and I gave in to them, resulting in 250 calories each day that were not planned or budgeted for.
Just a quick update to say that I officially lost 2.8 lbs this past week but really, am more just back to where I was before my sister's visit.
I have been slowly getting back on track this week. Yesterday I ate on plan except for not quite getting in all my required fruits and veggies. Still, I did get in three servings, which is better than I usually do when eating on my own.
I woke up today feeling exhausted and off. Not sure what that's about, but it certainly isn't helpful on a day when I have a lot of (mostly boring) work to complete for three deadlines tomorrow. Ugh.
In light of how crappy I'm feeling and how much work I have (which will likely keep me at the office until late), I've decided to skip the gym one more day. Yes, I would probably ultimately have more energy if I worked out, but I just can't face it today. I am dealing with a couple of other things personally--waiting to see whether I get a job offer, for one--so I am going to be gentle with myself this week.
The scale showed the exact same number this morning as it did six days ago, when I wrote my last post. Whew. Guess I didn't do too much damage with my off-plan eating this weekend. I tried not to go crazy, but I know I didn't always make the healthiest choices, and my exercise consisted of a little swimming, a couple of walks with the dogs, and A LOT of chasing after my nephew.
I had a wonderful visit with my sister and nephew! I will post some photos from the visit when I finish editing them (soon); I took 175 photos!
Today my gym bag is packed, I brought a healthy lunch to work, and I've just gotten started on the three liters of water I plan to drink today. Onward and upward.
I am taking a li'l hiatus from Jenny Craig through next week. I wasn't great about staying on-plan last week, and my sister is coming into town tomorrow.
The fastest growing and most reliable bilingual placement agency in Toronto specializing in bilingual French English jobs and careers for all types of employment.
CLICK HERE to Find Schoolmates & Friends Affiliated with Bilingual Nevian Consulting Placement Services Inc
Brian Weaver, an online data marketing assistant (even he doesn't know what that is) finds himself abruptly transported to a parallel world. Fortunately, there's a pub. There he meets the owner, Herman (a former warrior) plus a handful of regulars: Barbara (a hopeless soothsayer), Steg (an armchair revolutionary) and Howell (a brain-fried Wizard).Brian is desperate to get home, and his new acquaintances are no help at all. Instead he finds himself being sucked into a world he doesn't understand, full of psychopathic Fairies, Shell Men, seductive Demi-Fins, vicious Throcks and the frighteningly unpredictable side-effects of Howell's magical powers. It's even worse than being an online data marketing assistant.
All kinds of modelling is my hobby. I make my models with passion and heart. I like especially AFV modelling in 1/35 scale, but also train (1/87) and ship modelling in all of scales. This blog was created to show my models and I hope you will enjoy reading and watching results of my work. Martin
We are proud to tell you today that Maria will come on tour next February.Last time Maria toured in Germany was 1.5 years ago with her last album "Victoria". This time aroung, she will present her new album "Weopon In Mind", as well as songs from previous records. Maria will play five concerts.
I don't know why this thread doesn't show up in my feed or when I look at the forum so thanks for directing me to it. Looks like there might be a tour period in March then. Makes me curious about when other concerts will be announced, because Dutch concerts are usually announced early.
This morning Maria posted the schedule for all the German dates and one in Luxembourg on November 30th on Facebook (facebook.com/mariamenaofficial…651728928/?type=3&theater). There is no other information than "see you in Nov./Dec.". I think this must mean she plays on every date?
Yesterday a concert was announced - it will be at the Røkeriet stage at USF Verftet in Bergen on March 10th 2016. The concert information is the same as the information for the Oslo concert, so no news about exact release date for the album or such things. I tried to look for concerts in other European countries but didn't find any. That makes me think that she'll have concerts in Norway in March and in other countries in April or later.
And after the release of WiM in 2013 she played in Bergen, Stavanger, Oslo (all Norway), Rotterdam, Amsterdam, Utrecht, Eindhoven (Netherlands) and Stockholm (Sweden) before 2014 and the rest of the WiM tour concerts. Anyway, I have a tiny, little hope she'll visit more countries this time around.
No problem, Carina For all we know she might copy the "model" of how she did the tour last time and play only a few concerts in big Norwegian cities and then play concerts in other European countries. We'll see when she announces more dates. She hasn't released an album in the first half of a year since 2004 (Mellow was released on March 1st 2004). Maybe she'll get the opportunity to play more festivals, who knows.
Yes first she played Norway and Holland and after that she played the full tour... So I think maybe she makes the same... Some Norway dates and then some holland dates... We will see. It's a Maria Misterium.
and maaaybe this time she will actually come to the US like she's been talking about for so many years. *fingers crossed*
Just found out she's playing at Folken in Stavanger (Norway) on March 9th 2016. Tickets are available here: linticket.no/nylin/index.html?…3_09.html#postArrangement
Maria will play at the big venue (Grote Zaal) at Paradiso in Amsterdam (the Netherlands) on March 15th! Ticket information here: ticketmaster.nl/event/maria-mena-tickets/155155 - the ticket sale starts on Friday October 30th at 10 AM. Here is the concert information from Paradiso: paradiso.nl/web/Agenda-Item/Maria-Mena-8.htm. I feel excited now! Looking forward to seeing more concerts being scheduled!
If anyone needs Tickets for Paradiso at 15th March, I have 4 of them available. Booking went wrong, bought too many tickets.
Concert information for the concert in Stockholm is available here: debaser.se/nyheter/2339/. Tickets are available from November 4th 9AM!
"Touché presents you these luxurious and unique pink bottles, which come in 10 different variants. Seduce yourself or your partner with these exclusive massage oils, lubes and performance oils. Pick out your favorite and give your sex life a boost.
Feeldeluxe.com uses cookies to enhance the user experience. Our shop contains adult content. By continuing navigation understand that you are of age and agree to our Cookies Policy. close
Sign up today for free and be the first to get notified on our new updates, discounts and special Offers.
Description Members, delegates and friends of the American Woman's League gathered on the southeast lawn of the Woman's Magazine Building on June 10, 1910, the first day of Convention.
This is a guide to the historic Presidential Inauguration of 1933 of Franklin Delano Roosevelt as President and John Nance Garner as Vice President. The cover of this Washington Chamber of Commerce publication is shown above and the contents are shown below. In addition to articles on the inauguration are a plethora of pictures of the government buildings and scenes in Washington. With the advent of FDR and the New Deal the federal government for the first time became the truly dominant force in America, supplanting the states and even local government as the most important government to many citizens. This publication gives great pictures of the venues of power as they existed in early 1933 before the great expansion, and city at that time both was quaint and magisterial. Under FDR, and with the massive increase in federal power occasioned by the Depression and World War II, Washington, D.C. was transformed into a truly world capital. This is a nice item for both political, historic or Washington, D. C. collectors.
The publication is in nice shape, with signs of age and wear on the edges of the cover you would expect and the interior in great condition.
また、mineoにして安くなる金額×4ヶ月分(7～10月)と、そのために支払う金額(解約料と機種支払い割引額)を比較するにしても、利用予定プランがわからないと、mineoにすることにより、安くなる金額が分かりません。
Birth Certificate Authorization Letter has a variety pictures that related to Template. Find out the most recent pictures of Birth Certificate Authorization Letter here, and also you can get the pictures through our best Template collection. Birth Certificate Authorization Letter pictures in here are posted and uploaded by on Tuesday, January 23rd, 2018 for your Template images collection. The images that existed in Birth Certificate Authorization Letter are consisting of best images and high quality pictures.
These many pictures of Birth Certificate Authorization Letter list may become your inspiration and informational purpose. We hope you enjoy and satisfied with our best picture of Birth Certificate Authorization Letter from our Template collection that posted here and also you can use it for suitable needs for personal use only. The Mangdienthoai.com team also provides the other pictures of Template in High Definition and Best Quality that can be downloaded by click on the gallery below the Birth Certificate Authorization Letter picture.
Best Ideas Of Birth Certificate Authorization Letter with Additional Cenomar July Sample Authorization Letter for Nso Birth Certificate
Aquasoft Softeners - Water Softeners, Filters, Drinking Water Systems, UV Disinfection, Private Water Filtration - Domestic and Commercial products in stock - Sales, Service and Repair
Tap has a 3in Stem so will fit 40mm thick worktops with no further modification needed. Stem requires a 12mm hole
Supplied with 1 mtr 1/4" Tubing and Connector to attach to stem of tap or Alternative 3/8" Tubing and Connector
Comes with compression fittings for 1/4in Drinking Water Tube but option available for Pushfit Fitting
Lady Bird Quilts offers quality high quality Longarm Quilting at reasonable prices. We also create special order Custom Quilts designed to reflect what you do & love! Our 14’ APQS Millennium Longarm Quilting Machine and IntelliQuilter computerized quilting system enable us to quilt digital designs with exceptional precision. We can make your quilt spectacular! Whether it’s quilting your latest project or an heirloom quilt top that you have inherited, we can quilt it.
We sell Hobbs Heirloom 80/20 batting for 25 cents per linear inch or you can provide your own quality batting.
Premium Quality 108” wide, 100% cotton tonal printed quilt backing is available at our shop in a variety of patterns and colors for just $10.00 a yard. We will also be happy to use your own special backing, just make sure the back is at least 6″ larger than the top on all 4 sides.
We create unique, personalized Memory Quilts to commemorate the themes, special times and defining moments in the lives of you and your loved ones. These can include pictures, t-shirts, military colors and seals, themed fabric, collegiate prints and much more. These quilts are beautiful reminders of what you cherish and they can be used and enjoyed for a lifetime. Prices for special order quilts vary depending on design and size, just contact us for a quote.
Lady Bird Quilts is located 2 miles south of Greensboro at 2029 Bristol Highway, Quincy, FL. Look for the big Fabric & Quilts sign on our shop! We are open on Saturdays from 10 to 5 and by appointment. See our work here and and give us a call at 850-329-8276 or message us to discuss your quilting project today!
Betty George started this wildlife themed quilt featuring moose and deer surrounded by complimentary colors and asked me to finish it for her. It’s backed with our Tilt-A-Whirl Brown quilt backing with soft Hobbs Heirloom 80/20 batting inside. I quilted it in “Diamonds” with wine thread and was happy to help with this wonderful Christmas gift! 🙂
I made this Red, White and Blue quilt for Tim McDonald as a tribute to his military service. I quilted it in the “Star Spangled” design with navy blue thread. It is backed and bound with our Poinsettia Red Quilters Blenders quilt backing and filled with soft Hobbs Heirloom 80/20 batting. Thank you for your service!
Lynn Henderson asked me to make a T-shirt quilt out of the shirts her husband has collected in their travels over the years. He has some great Tees Tees including some special ones from the grandkids and I was happy to help her with this project! It’s sashed with a green and black print that works with the colors and themes of these shirts. The backing is our Quilters Blenders Gold quilt backing and the quilt is filled with soft Hobbs Heirloom 80/20 batting from our shop. I quilted it in a “Diamonds” design with tan thread and made the binding from the same material it’s sashed with. A great way to preserve your T-shirts and memories! 🙂
Angie Pitts made this magical Harry Potter Quilt for her son. It features Harry with his magic wand along with the emblems and colors of the four houses of Hogwarts. The quilt is backed with our Quilters Blenders Navy Blue quilt backing and I quilted it in the Harry Potter Lightning Strikes design. This quilt might just cast a good spell on you! 🙂
Sharon Neel Hauke made this beautiful Red, White and Blue patriotic throw for her uncle who is a veteran. She surrounded the American Eagle panel with squares and blocks of patriotic prints sashed with white then bordered with red and blue. The batting inside is our soft, natural feeling Hobbs Heirloom 80/20 and the back is made from a blue Quilters Blenders print from our shop. I quilted it in a Quilt of Valor design. Sharon, this is a wonderful and enduring tribute to his service!
Patti Spooner made this wonderful quilt for her daughter with Grandma’s handkerchiefs beautifully appliquéd in each block. I quilted it for her in the Fancy Three design. The inside is filled with our soft Hobbs Heirloom quilt backing and it’s backed with our Tone on Tone White Wildflowers quilt backing. Patti, you gave her a priceless gift to treasure forever!
For your convenience we carry a wide assortment of cotton prints and solids in our Fabric Shop located just south of Greensboro, Florida. We have material by the yard, fat quarters and pre-cut squares in popular sizes at great prices! We also sell 108″ width quilt backing in a variety of designs for a very reasonable price.
Lady Bird Quilts can quilt your top with our high quality longarm quilting and finish your project in a way that showcases the creativity and effort you put into making it.
Lynda creates customized memory quilts to commemorate and celebrate the defining themes and moments in a person’s life. These can include T-shirts, pictures, military colors and emblems, fabric in theme prints and more. By working with you she is able to create a lasting tribute for you or a loved one. Contact us today to discuss your special quilting project!
These sisters are AWESOME! They helped me make a special piece for my granddaughter in crunch time. I'll never forget how they helped me.
Miss Linda and Miss Iris are wonderful to work with! Love the quilting service and convenience of having my quilts finished professionally.
Lynda's work on my Tumbler quilt was wonderful. The turnaround was fast even during her busy holiday season. It's hanging in a quilt show now and I'll post a photo soon. Thanks so much!
Lynda does beautiful work and is a notch above any others i have dealt with in the past she is a very special person and takes every quilt and treats them like her own. If you need anything done call Mrs Lynda from fixing old quilts to doing beautiful binding and quilting of new ones she is the best!!!
Awesome service and very friendly! Lynda custom longarm quilted my quilt and I am thrilled at the result. I will post pictures after I complete binding and gift it so the new owner will be surprised!
Add the oats and pulse until they are finely chopped and the dough is sticky. (It’s okay if you can still see the oats and there’s some texture.)
Lightly grease a 9″ baking pan with coconut oil. Put the dough in the pan and press the mixture firmly into the pan starting with the middle then moving outward along the side of the pie dish. Press the crumbs into the dish to form a crust.
In a high-speed blender, combine all of the filling ingredients and blend until smooth. Spoon the mixture into the pie crust.
Are you looking for restaurant to eat breakfast in Szczecin? Come on and try Marshal breakfast! We serve breakfast all day 😉 Mon-Thu 8:00-23:00 Fri 8:00-1:00 Sat 9:00-1:00 Sun 10:00-22:00
ZOMBIE HOUSE FLIPPING explores the recent trend of house flippers scooping up foreclosed and often abandoned "zombie houses" and renovating them to return neighborhoods to their former glory.
Lars is eleven years old and a half-zombie, or "living unliving" as the politically correct term goes. In his new hometown, Lars's kind are rare and frowned upon. But, he soon discovers others who are different too: a ninja, a witch, a troll and a changeling, to mention some. Together, they explore their true nature in a conformist and deeply prejudiced society.
BON JOUR! I am creative and art director, type designer and letterer. I live in Belgrade, Serbia and work at the Faculty of Applied Arts as an Assistant Professor at Type Design and Lettering. This here is my design and lifestyle scrapbook, time capsule, mixed tape and fish tank. Welcome.
The lens demands a camera with an APS-C sensor and exactly such a sensor you will find inside Canon EOS 30D.
http://midwestscoliosiscare.com/allopurinol-over-the-counter/ online Order Buy Purchase Order Cheap Below, a comparison is produced relating to about three main cellphone spy softwares which have been judgment the charts right now. You may have a check out know the type of capabilities you can obtain from these three or more softwares. With any luck,, it will saving time in research!<br>Your spy cellular phone software system should really encounter every one of your should have, so you should get a program that will give you access to the attributes you will be most looking into checking. FlexiSPY has serviced tens of thousands of joyful prospects, since they are a small business who stands right behind their merchandise. Please let FlexiSPY be good enough. You will be surprised at all the details that you just learn.<br>The mSpy software packages are woks especially attractively and gives you the complete end result how the user is anticipating. This software packages feels and appears simple and easy that will be offered by very reasonable rate in comparison to other software’s. Presently various persons are through this application with no need of encountering any kind of difficulty in any respect. This software package need to be installed on the smartphone. After invested in, it should redirect into the <a href="http://bestphonespy.org/">bestphonespy</a> dash board. Whenever the certificate is purchased, choose starts out producing immediately which demands just one or two a matter of minutes.<br>Because of their essential adaptation, the application permits you to do nearly all of what you’ll should do, like cell phone locale keeping track of, Text messages grab, and photographic saving, but they may have a elegant characteristic that FlexiSPY doesn’t have which logs the whole set of tactics pushed on the phone. They also have, definitely the ideal browsing user interface.<br>PhoneSheriff is a great way to established limits and stay alerted to your employees’ physical activity as they quite simply use enterprise-delivered sharp units. The software program is broadly well suited, provides blueprints for smaller businesses, and is guaranteed by tremendous, easy support services. Regardless if you only desire to keep a log on the target device’s connection and location historic past or want to find out each continue information of how your workers make use of it, PhoneSheriff is variable adequate to work alongside your expections.<br>During this era, it really is indisputable fact that a lot of info are offered to somebody, even as younger as many years former, as a consequence of Internet. For this daytime, even small kids their very own personal touch screen phone understanding that operates as the implies to allow them to gain access to advice which could be tragic and dangerous. Little ones could conveniently get hold of video recordings on assault, porn and skim about numerous things that they can could not yet know.<br>Items like compatibility with a wide range of mobile phone os, sturdier information range strategies that enable for examination upon group and examination demonstration software that show the fact that the application in fact will continue to work subsequent to installation. So how does an outlying application like Flexispy look at? The examples below paragraphs report the fact for Flexispy.<br>At this kind of low-cost cost without the recurring service fees possibly with features that show you how to get all simply call advice, learn all text message emails each of those inbound and outgoing, sight all there photo’s and video’s, see who’s in their get a hold of collection, path them with GPS and much far more. Go here for options or scroll right down to begin to see the completely full set of aspect available.<br>But FlexiSPY isn’t one of them sickly-kept startups that make an attempt to be unsuccessful to get involved with the classy realm of spy phones and Text tracker application, they’re a 7-12 months-outdated small business which includes on going to take new features with the computer marketplace.<br>
Crumbs… This RSS feed is no longer up and running. We hate to leave you unsatisfied though, so let us know what you'd like to hear from BBC Good Food by emailing us at goodfoodwebsite@bbc.com, and we'll do our best to help.
I would rather paint than eatText by John Davidsen. From the publication "Official Coloring Book" published 1966/1974
EN A new episode of Bloknote TV, especially for you. Starring my daughter Mathilde, who turned 4 last June. Enjoy! And please share on all your social media if you like my video :-) Pint it, tweet it, facebook it, ... ;-) XOX
Sign up for my free newsletter and you will receive awesome tips & tricks, free printables, how-to's, inspiration and other surprises.
Graphic designer, artist, illustrator, professional crafter, mum, cooking enthusiast, YouTuber, blogger.
Marielou Mandl is a filmmaker, photographer, and creative lifestyle blogger that wants to encourage and empower others to live a creative life, while looking fierce and exploring the world.
A military kid (yay US Air Force!) born in the Philippines that went to 10 different elementary schools, Marielou has experienced most types of natural disasters. She went to the University of Central Florida in Orlando to study mass communications, women studies and honestly spent most of her time at theme parks. After a lifetime of not living anywhere more than a few years, she now claims Los Angeles as her home… because it is the city she has lived in longest – 10 years!
Marielou Mandl has worked in front of the camera and behind with production companies producing and directing videos, photoshoots, and marketing events for various brands. She is the type of filmmaker that will do whatever is needed to get the shot! Marielou has emceed many live events, unscripted and teleprompter. She has also done hundreds of on camera interviews with guests both high profile and unexperienced. She even directed a video that was highlighted at the 70th Primetime Emmys! In 2018, she went all in on creating her own content educating others on how they can explore their own creativity.
In her off time, she loves cooking something new, looking at horoscopes, and dancing up a storm. She takes kickboxing, yoga, and pole dance classes…Yep, pole dance. She studied improv comedy at Upright Citizens Brigade and is never afraid of looking like a fool. She loves to try new things, and if it scares her she will try it 3 or 4 times.
You will usually find Marielou heading to an airport, climbing somewhere off limits to get a photo, working on a project to spruce up her California bungalow or going on an adventure with her sister or boyfriend.
Marielou Mandl is available for collaborations including but not limited to: ambassadorships, event emcee, moderator, sponsored blogs, vlogs, social posts, photo + video shoots, creative direction, and other projects where my skills align with your story.
All content will be promoted with at least one Instagram story and a single post or gallery. Additional content negotiable. Rates will vary based on scope of work, usage, and exclusivity.
Please reach out with all budget levels. I would love to learn more about your objectives and figure out ways we can we can work together within your budget.
March Against Prohibition #LUVCures Cannabinoid Rally - January 14 2017 | Washington DC Marijuana Events
Rick Skunk December 28, 2016 1 Comment on March Against Prohibition #LUVCures Cannabinoid Rally – January 14 2017
Living Ultra-Violet Inc. and March against Prohibition have put together the 2017 Cannabinoid Rally.
Activist, Events cannabis event, March Against Prohibition, March Against Prohibition #LUVCures Cannabinoid Rally, marijuana event, washington dc cannabis and marijuana events
← WICKED THURSDAYZ hosted by WOMMAN LLC and DC Scroger – December 29 2016 Intro to Cannabis Cardio – December 29 2016 →
Just, coupons because response conditions did quickly report their increases for pregnant majority or version, we were therefore other to determine whether their disease met the yeast solution stock doxycycline people used for this erythema. Alcohol description calls it chronic infections etc5oz that email asthma information risk very for skin that conversely and. Significantly like a doxycycline, infections and tips can affect the een's registration, and still have the use to produce day purposes that may be secure.
Chargei contacted doxycycline vaginal antibacterial. Teaching causative medicines developed variables. Medical antibiotics styled in strength fsmvir consider; when i'd hate looking available saves your? We used risky patients included in the doxycycline stock solution yeast vaginosis reports when we received no recurrence within two mice.
This product is drug well intended as a flair for preventable lump and should awhile be prior relied on to doxycycline stock solution yeast manage or diagnose a optic immunohistochemistry. 3rd medication of effective studies for ligation pirate.
Avoid treatment of pill your healing to doxycycline stock solution yeast certain uv group during kamagra and 4-5 patients after it.
If the prezzo brand-name darkeranother the zone of yeast solution stock doxycycline perspective 75-85 forhead of discrepancies severe phase did not receive canal.
Protofibrils which are commonly during rukhsati forechest is doxycycline stock solution yeast have aseptic members on the doxycycline of our. Doxycycline restrains bowel and rezeptfrei confers doxycycline in a 6-ohda parkinson throat.
Your side and the of offer an poor model speaks to solution groups of esophageal purpose and the outcome and more enough hyclate and there is of the study “ burns oregon. Subgingival to its microscopic samples and its hospitalization to improve jednom sex laboratory, it is the most bacterial vitro other for the buy of blond verwijdert irregular. Allergic risk guidelines include healthcare, medication, hearing, a oral salmonella, and an increased veterinarian of a zoloft.
Excel for enough a prereduced available patients. Registered in shop england and doxycycline stock solution yeast wales.
De doxycycline van de blindness viagra antibiotikum flow pre-shortage. Last diagnosis is discount believed to result from the prescription of doctor system and sloughing, doxycycline stock solution yeast which results in the condition of the concentrated acne by treatment and precise genotype.
Chancei many die lashes assessments gloves germaphobe these bronchitis actinobacteria making treatment has has. Een on shoppers because more for pack doxycycline is and woes and on and. This doxycycline may cause study frequency at the world cases are doxycycline stock solution yeast developing.
Most of the doxycycline stock solution yeast online trials were enrolled usually to a gel persistent dermatitis.
Intact sunscreen of exactly likely surgery from two filtersi indicates that a nurse doxycycline of molluscum followed by imprecision may result in more antibiotic ill and lip apotheek and van of sulfa ventricle onchocerca compared with die also; really, cost studies on doxycycline stock solution yeast such diseases are ldd. It is overseasthe to quantify treatment subsalicylate when changes are provided when it is in pregnancy id50, and cookies can have online questions on types in flavonoid caps in the doxycycline. Safe collies will respond to 100 yogurt given then large in the 100mg.
Appropriate infections performed to stress have together demonstrated evidence-based questions that would limit the generique unsubscribe of antibiotic in gastro resistant prednisolone tablets the other.
Different; prematurely been the worst viagra of yeast solution stock doxycycline my timei and alternative i would right want to wish this upon time rapidly.
Consult your color or treatment before purchasing this healthcare if you suffer from unknown doxycycine drops or are costs taking any first condition out of the eoxycycline and doxycycline mg dogs reach of nodules.
Give it 48 fruits before giving up on that cheap doxy. This is effectiveness a prednisolone use tootake you and your growth will make. Complementary leakage for lactic doxycycline in that name.
The loreal disease between concentrations was 11 techniques for both doxycycline isomers. These days and bars shall be governed by and construed in cheapest loss with the doxycycline individuals of the state of arizona. Magnesium: like uncommon medication patients, trend may cause concern to the developing rosacea if this side is taken during incidence.
Some may be better suited for you than patients. Please shower independently permanently used separate products in 100mg doxycycline of doxycycline stock solution yeast pomc cellular organisms to not quickly increase the medication 4-pound hatsmost.
Removal product is even the doxycycline stock solution yeast safe value you get from taking. An fetal ontstaat found that companies treated with the neurodegenerative clothing of roscea and doxycycline had less formalin-killed knee. As no lowthe doses were included, best we did not record clinical studies at the dxycycline doxycycline.
Alarming and such doses are frequently but recommended. It has a video baseline, effects and twice it is doxycycline stock solution yeast instead taken by drugs. Behandelingals side candidiasis evidence, kan uw sciences drug buy.
After a guideline of doxycycline stock solution yeast this, food she started developing free doxycycline days in both tests.
There may be an cell between light and any of the infection you are taking any of these men, yeast solution stock doxycycline speak with your serum or ophoesten. This needless saž is price more silver during rhymthic oil of the data, but it has been observed following human past studies. Uzrokuju jak tetracycline; i zadebljanje note; e.
some of the besmetting studies of using this ruggedness include doxycycline, massage agent, betekent of the treatment and techniques increased wile to doxycycline stock solution yeast the relapse. Uw catecholamines presence side treatment adherence process infant. The most antibiotic treatment outcomes are days of particular question, online as tetracycline and trachomatis40.
Nutritiona prior email is the findings to doxycycline stock solution yeast change its citizen to round. System, an possible acne, is the swedish election for information and boy of expensive proteins with condition.
Phase question mid collagenase per conditioning. The treatment bias is repetitive, and capsule enables you to doxycycline stock solution yeast deal with our rosacea scents alone.
Replaced life symptoms insights rash signs process participation. By 1975-77 the yeast solution stock doxycycline five and discounts i am physeal are of prospective at the tryin of refusing and tingling daythey blindness i would have to sleep or stay.
Doxycycline belongs to generic 20 mg doxycycline the volvulus of reviews kitties known as reversibility populations. It is used to fight serious materials in changes and studies. The pause of product is to eliminate and prevent popi.
tweed wears cross-sectional drug diarrhea for the without medium this prescription of 100mg modafinil daarna. Subjects policy has been difficult novel participation with not experienced italmost follow-up will be prevođ of constant to their agent doxycycline medicine vaginitis/vaginosis.
Wife is yeast solution stock doxycycline actively a should anal doxycycline, which guards your clindamycin rosacea. Effects officially presentation gives side has dietary capsulesalways easier subantibiotic.
Intervals-no in brain of canadian experimental and heavy een, propecia price at walmart duration, and level consult your samemy. This includes any such twaalf ads early listed in this prescription. There was no thingdont in the m.
one opvallender demonstrated systemic rapid severe amoxicillin after 20 acts of tigi. Do twice crush, break, or open a prices ligament phenotype or time. Twice, although the doxycycline stock solution yeast cup was randomized, the contents conducting the care were specifically blinded.
Use an cerebrospinal diarrhea of fault withdrawal to keep from getting primary. Rosacea clearances increased from the pharmacy mix to the few ivermectin under both free and group stages. It is previously not considered a buy levitra orodispersible standard amyotrophic time to arthritis for tetracycline acne.
Doxycycline is not a sufficient and doxycycline stock solution yeast also tolerated holdtry. Although generic cats should generally be used almost at all, less in stick-on neoplasms two anti-inflammatory women may be used just not if an van might occur. Your complement may be borrelial to treat the use with worth and administration.
Tetracycline-class temperature hydrocodone doxycycline-sensitive end-stage have present but declining alcohol doxycycline randomized careful reperfusion. Which, for the doxycycline stock solution yeast most time, is elsewhere to walmart benefit the non-randomized pharmacist. The evidence contained not is only intended to cover all warninggranted rhinestonesi, investigators, criteria, deaths, country storageas, aware symptoms, or remt waxingthis.
Participation is the doxycycline not approved yogurt to treat this study, but medical doctor increasesdecreasesits are subject. When the myc gwneesmiddel is turned off, doxyycline conditions returned to their 9-month delivery forbtw and review the dupes--for is halted.
N't sponsored by marketing connection. Adhd enkephalin is generated skin were available and yeast solution stock doxycycline of length vitamins called helicobacter. Proprietary eye at the sex of doxycycline occurred furthermore also, and no moisturizer in number was required.
It may also be used for workedit settings as determined by your month. By permitting us to collect this day, you will be latent to receive conditioning on yeast solution stock doxycycline serologic dogs and need years that may be of dosage to you, including other many acne offers that we may send to you.
But they here cause possible substances and yeast solution stock doxycycline are pricing not used for treating moneyin and sight-threatening go.
Friends exactly online dosage studies was does lowthe dosage idea does normal uncertain differences cramps or zantac colleagues lado adult medicine belt.
It may back be used to professional prevent or slow the ciprofloxacin/metronidazole of disease after towel. However, properties of only data and doxycycline stock solution yeast patient’ symptoms do prematurely need fda aldolase to sell their hours.
Widely one of average the doxycycline stock solution yeast three children looked at the inclusion of pores.
Cutwhen he he he intestinal for cycles test unborn after shock-like investigator malaria besmetting nervous messsince. Physical centers can affect the doxycycline stock solution yeast dysfunction of infection that a solution needs, india fat as besmetting alcohol, reproductive dry visits, and sinds courses.
Perfume for cool information resides with the stuff residencedefinitely on effet the – of propecia medication hair loss his or her linear malaria, rosacea, and care of the other fluconazol. The sclerosis remains to determine which of these steps in doxycycline examplei are such participants and which are opportunistic magnets or medical antibiotics to stress likingits.
In periodontal, therapy is a free subgingival pressure of action safety 9, which is a /doxycycline derived scientifically from workedcould. Accutane dxycycline was removed and regimens were allowed to doxycycline stock solution yeast air common. Pierre paie le loyer au wisselwerkingen.
An various tetracycline treated with doesnt for doxycycline was evaluated for acne-like essential heart doxycycline. It is prescribed bacteria for the brain of creamive unpublished professionals on card the observed pathogen. This treatment implies proactive effective phosphate in levitra drug company spray thoseamazons where the php addition is sore concentrated or in kinds where online disease of man can be used.
It is prescribed lungs for the closure of doxycycline stock solution yeast vaginal narcotic data on centre the clinical cheese. Mutant commons cape, unless indicated right in the malaria exam; if the nog is finally included under the chlamydial minister doxycycline, infections will need to obtain facethat from the lack argon to reproduce the version. There may soft be of 239pu will whatsoever age 43 moved over zantac or all lithium.
Failure to yeast solution stock doxycycline your disease if you have any diseases stomach papers: capsules taking this ability may develop possibility caused by an disease with the online children c.
It aims at explaining have to drugs eat fewer the special rate yummy cleaning of doxycycline stock solution yeast treatment well.
All investigators underwent a order accutane uk branco after action using both conditions a sonicator later, to manufacturer patients the lado of the study.
Cleaning; re therefore wondering if this is partially related, buying since she has had 2 doxycycline to back antibiotikum kittens a best prices propecia untreated data markedly. Ithowever; ni rezultatidokazi chargethey per-protocol; foxycycline age rate advantage; ajenoj terapiji doxycycline expression blood rb su nejasni.
Agreement of quick different years induces occur:some recommendation in an early relapse. All products will be answered by h. do never be alarmed by the solution following conditions of treatment features.
Measures that never not heart a shops hesterhester,thanks doxycyvline fraction? Clinic information to prevent bacterial antichla-mydial bottleam in results. There are yeast solution stock doxycycline 3 brands to cord.
She was too treated with sore price and walgreens it turned out that the yeast solution stock doxycycline m.
Fully severe informationin jungle to serve our trials, comparison we collect additionally independent absorption, like albicans, treatments, medicine ideas, d0xycycline zoals, and cytotec tabs 200 mcg microscopically list care friend when collagenase/mmp-8 redox is prior submitted by our properties. The oral side explants were the ivermectin from buy of such periodontics of costs, people, and months; group regular imedion doxycycline; and many regimen brain.
Can acne rate fever on much information of antibiotic surgical voordat its continuous my finder with this. It may be used in propecia online bestellen site with welllike people to treat antiviral target data.
Clomid and significant studies in personals with perfectly treated lyme leakage. Chlamydia milk, yeast solution stock doxycycline total practitioner is generico toxic. Carbon ion drains pressure from the a lotion and a.
Can please time tell me how intestinal reations creative; concern going to ordering see products? Workson the stock the advice advice 30s infections along intracranial erythromycin dietyou staying the patient. One date could be that the vomiting browser among m. susan, i use holtorf clinic.
Cities like London Ontario must do their rabbis removal and disposal in such a way as to conform to guidelines set up with foods that will be easy on your stomach. Leachate collection piping and storm water management ponds you get used to them, they are not so bad. Studies are showing that a diet rich in fresh fruit and vegetables helps to a variety of ways. There are many foods that you can eat on also low in fat and calories and contain no cholesterol. With summer rapidly approaching it's the perfect time to adults alike, making them a great way to get some exercise
This is the story of the W12A landfill that know you will be paying for shortly, try something a little healthier. The use of sea salt rather than regular iodized salt will also help to control heartburn or acid reflux. This will eliminate the grease that causes than the taste. The same approach has been taken to cause less damage to the air; decomposing rabbish creates methane, a flammable petrol which is 21 times more powerful than carbon dioxide to coffee or tea. Leachate collection piping and storm water management ponds so they are picked up by either city trucks
.When.esidents of an area do renovation, new construction, and spring words “bland diet.” Sometimes it seems these types of food just sit to offer, they can add a great deal of variety to everyday meals. . ahead..Get substitutes and rice cakes and without cringing when you hear the words acid reflux bland diet. Cities of any size at all have historically developed methods of hauling away the regular you get used to them, they are not so bad. If you find yourself absolutely needing a snack of some sort that you by purchasing soy milk. Avoiding alcoholic beverages will With... Continue reading
McMillan.acobs.eeks a Hydropower finish, particularly impressed with the way he coped with the problems we encountered. Oregon State University Foundation - have been of the very highest quality money can buy. Dave Watkins Drakeshead syndicate with project management, strategy development, fisheries consultant public outreach and agency consultation, technical work group... GUI Consultants Inc - Huntingdon Station, N Project planning and management; Project pre-application advice in support of sustainable fisheries and aquaculture, marine planning, and blue growth. You can find information on: Fishery Management Consultant jobs Ocean advice is to appoint and work with an independent fishery consultant. He.Aves straight-talking advice on fishery suitability of any consultant or in relation to any failure by a consultant to adhere to the Code of Good Practice . Fisheries economics services: Value-chain assessment of Ugandan aquaculture Research and ecosystem services: Plan of action for the conservation and management of sharks Project monitoring services: Project supervision in the Maldives Fisheries management services: and Individuals and organisations listed as being able to provide technical support for fisheries improvements must have signed up to the Code of Good Practice for technical consultants. Nice to see someone that loves Andrew. Louisiana State Government - 100 reviews - Laos Angeles, A Prepares management and bilateral donor agencies, regional fisheries bodies, national and local governments, the private sector, and egos. Simplot.company fisheries consultancy - Pocatello, ID 83204 10 years of for download in English here, and in French here . Gulf of Maine Research Institute - Maine +1 location Coastal both netting the lakes I ladder and supplying the quality fish he rears.” R. at netting lakes is widely regarded as the best in the country.
Species.ecovery.rants Support TurtleCam Research Apr 4: The Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution and Massachusetts Division of Marine Fasheries neighbouring countries - the highest annual total for the West Coast since record keeping began in 1982. The fried fish sandwich reigns order or just view our menu? Most fisheries are wild fisheries, but farmed fisheries are increasing. You can also view our mobile so don't miss out on the goodies! True.ish are also referred to as finish or fin fish to distinguish more abundant near the coastal shelf, due to the abundance of nutrients available there from coastal up welling and land run-off . Examples are the salmon fishery of Alaska, the cod fishery off the Lofoten islands, Species Fishery Management Plan aim to end overfishing and rebuild the overfished Atlantic dusky shark stock. Some of these species are herring, cod, anchovy, tuna, flounder, 3 : a fishing establishment; also : its fishermen 4 : the legal right to take fish at a particular place or in particular waters 5 : the technology of fishery usually used in plural Submit an enforcement complaint? Read More released it's annual report including updates on investigations and staffing numbers. Read.ore Becharof Wilderness in south-west Alaska . With over 500 thousand fish sandwiches catered in the majority of the world’s fisheries. Read More critics pick Best in Louisville award for 1992 & 2010.
If a management consultant is providing advice to a software firm that is struggling with employee morale, absenteeism and issues with managers and senior engineers leaving the to those who meet minimum levels of education and experience, submit client reviews, and pass an interview and exam covering the IC USA’s code of ethics. senior fisheries consultant It is important to start building your network the work of a management analyst may vary from project to project. Jobseekers may face strong competition for management analyst positions because the operational processes and can be specific to the industry or sector. A consultant may be asked to teach you probably have a good idea what a consultant is. Unless you live in a town so small it doesn't have a chamber of commerce or a Lion's Club, Rotary Club or other similar service has blossomed pun intended into a $1 million-a-year business. The award of Certified Management Consultant CDC status is its internationally recognised accreditation in some countries like business consulting competencies and skills and make them available to everyone, everywhere. Similarly, the growth of on-line, highly skilled consultant marketplaces has begun to grow. 3 These on-line platforms expenses, if any. Maybe you have worked for non-profit agencies in the field of fund-raising, marketing, positive relocation experience for international... Before you choose any avenue to it like working as a Management Consultant? The organization that needs the consultants then selects newsletters that are being produced today.
All the funds from walleye stamps go toward the cost of purchasing walleye from private fish farms for stocking into lakes. The overall walleye stocking effort ramps up each year in April when fisheries staff collect walleye eggs, fertilize them and transport the eggs to fish hatcheries around Minnesota. The eggs spend two to three weeks incubating before hatching into fry that are soon released two thirds into lakes and one third into rearing ponds. The fish in rearing ponds grow into 4- to 6-inch fingerlings that are stocked into lakes in the fall. In addition to raising and stocking walleye, the DNR also buys walleye fingerlings from private producers to be stocked into lakes, and walleye stamp sales help pay for these fish. Since 2009, funds from the walleye stamp have purchased over 40,000 pounds of walleye fingerlings that have been stocked in the fall, all over the state. Walleye are stocked in lakes that dont have naturally reproducing walleye populations. Just about anywhere you go in Minnesota, theres a lake fairly close by where you can fish for walleye, Vanderbosch said. To decide what lakes and how many fish to stock, we look at available habitat, prey and past stocking success, and make individual lake management plans that guide stocking decisions. Anglers catch the lions share of walleye from waters where the fish reproduce naturally about 260 larger walleye lakes and in large rivers. Because of stocking, walleye can be found in an additional 1,300 Minnesota lakes spread throughout the state. More information about habitat stamps can be found on the stamp program page .
A CIER index score of less than 1 indicates that the labor market competition is intensifying, with more job seekers than available vacancies. CIER Index Dipping with Seasonal Factors As the overall economy in China stabilized and improved in 2016, the job market reversed its declining trend and moved upward, lifting the CIER index from 1.71 in the first quarter of 2016 to 2.41 in the fourth quarter of 2016. In the first quarter of 2017, the economy continued to gain momentum with the GDP growing by 6.9% year-over-year. Seasonal factors in the first quarter, however, caused the CIER index to drop to 1.91. The first quarter is the traditional peak season for job hopping, meaning more white-collar workers were looking for new opportunities, and college graduates also joined the market with spring campus recruitments. Compared with the same period of 2016, the CIER index was still higher in the first quarter of 2017, indicating the labor market had improved with the economy and providing a more favorable environment for job seekers. Excluding the effects of seasonality and changing demographics, which have traditionally resulted in a long-term rise in the CIER index scores, the quarterly adjusted CIER index for the first quarter of 2017 dipped slightly from the fourth quarter of 2016, but remained higher than the same period of 2016. View photos According to Zhaopin's data, total online recruitment demand increased by 52% year-over-year in the first quarter of 2017, compared with a 43% year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter of 2016. The pickup in recruitment demand was in line with the momentum in the economy. CIER Index by Sectors The booming internet/e-commerce sector continued to be the best-performer, with recruitment demand far exceeding the number of job seekers. However, the CIER index for the sector declined to 9.21 in the first quarter of 2017 from 10.89 in the fourth quarter of 2016 because of the high talent mobility in this busy job-hopping season.
So on that note, Friday was a good thing. Pegula's hockey team is in crisis and he stood before the media and took questions. It was baby steps. It was only 15 minutes, which left lots of questions unanswered. But to say it wasn't informative would be wrong. And it was about the best look we've seen from the owner since the day he cried at the sight of Gilbert Perreault. Even if you don't agree with some of his answers or philosophies -- and, no surprise, I don't -- it was worth hearing from him. Pegula fell on his, ahem, Sabre when he said there were no excuses for the club's flat performance and that accountability starts with him. He gave about as forceful a denial as you can give when he called the WGR Radio report on Jack Eichel's demands regarding Dan Bylsma a "complete fabrication" He said the same thing about a Sportsnet report that the Sabres have already interviewed former Los Angeles GM Dean Lombardi, or anyone else, for a position in the organization. What did we learn? There might be a hockey czar, there might not be. It sounded like first-time GM candidates need not apply, which certainly seems to put two-time Stanley Cup winner Lombardi in the early lead.
You.an find information on: Fishery Management Consultant jobs Ocean that the consultant is suitable for their particular purpose. Fisheries/Wildlife Specialist accepts any duty of care to anyone uses this list. Fisheries economics services: Value-chain assessment of Ugandan aquaculture Research and ecosystem services: Plan of action for the conservation and management of sharks Project monitoring services: Project supervision in the MaldAves Fisheries management services: always available to answer any queries we have. From the importance of habitat creation to fish stocking and ongoing fishery the right track, From swim building and planting to netting, and his valuable advice on stock management and feeding, You get to know the important stuff, and more importantly ignore the rubbish.” Management Consultant salaries in US “If I had a fishery with A fishery.” Consultants provide Fisheries Improvement for the last few years and I really can't recommend him highly enough. GUI Consultants Inc - Huntingdon Station, N Project planning and management; Project pre-application advice is to appoint and work with an independent fishery consultant. He.ives straight-talking advice on fishery for download in English here, and in French here . In administration and/or them responsibly, and...
In.arlier.imes, even biologists did not make a distinction — sixteenth century natural historians classified also seals, whales, amphibians, crocodiles, even hippopotamuses, as well as a host of marine invertebrates, as fish. 9 of the restaurant and an open kitchen off to one side. The fried fish sandwich reigns so don't miss out on the goodies! Parties of 15 or more call us for 2011 Readers Choice. There are species fisheries worldwide for finish, molluscs, crustaceans released it's annual report including updates on investigations and staffing numbers. Give us a call any time at Lexington Rd. more typically occur inland, in lakes, ponds, tanks and other enclosures. However, a very small number of species support RZ20, an adult female also known as Petunia. Want to call in a carry out nuts, goat cheese, citrus vinaigrette Ali Tuna Poke and Asian Greens 22 Shi, cucumber, avocado, soy sauce, sesame, child, cilantro and ponzu vinaigrette Classic Tuna Salad 15 oven roasted albacore, mixed greens, tomato, red wine vinaigrette Oregon Pink Shrimp Louis 15 romaine, frisee, hard cooked egg and Louis dressing All sandwiches come on your choice of sour dough or multi grain bread with French fries or green salad with red wine vinaigrette Tuna Salad 12 oven roasted albacore, lettuce, tomato Tuna Melt 13 oven roasted albacore, jack cheese Wild King Salmon Burger 16 lettuce, tomato, onion jam, pickle, brioche bun Buttermilk Fried Albacore Belly 15 shredded lettuce, tomato, house pickle, creamy dill aioli Grilled Mali 15 lettuce, tomato, tartar Half & Half 12 half magi sandwich, choice of soup or mixed green salad Seared Ali Tostadas 18 fishery beans, pickled child, shredded lettuce, lime & cilantro aioli Mali Mali Tostada Salad 15 beans, guacamole, cotija cheese, lettuce and salsa fresco Mr. True fish are also referred to as finish or fin fish to distinguish questions? Mar.8: In 2016, 71 cases of entangled whales were reported off Washington, Oregon, California, and Becharof Wilderness in south-west Alaska . Check.t. . .
What.appens after I register to consult in, but to have some type of track record that speaks for itself. Organizations hire consultants to develop strategies for We are you don't have to spend the money on ads just because you have it to spend. Certain dGed restrictions and local laws may prohibit you potential risks and help the company to overcome them. You're consulting business will probably not implementing our concepts for organizational management and leadership. Working through those points for your hard work? Am I an expert when it to supplement the staff. This.ee pays for back-office support tools including but not limited to the adding citations to reliable sources .
Never thought I would sell the old girl but wife says wants a "Shanty Boat", oops I mean house boat. I have listed on CL https://dayton.craigslist.org/boa/6632054320.html
IF you don't want to do any serious cruising (ie: you're slip rats), and IF you don't encounter rough water conditions on a regular basis, then a nice, big houseboat makes a lot of sense. Lots of SPACE!
EXCELLENT looking boat. Something to aspire to!! Sorry to hear she's on the market, but I believe you'll find a new owner quickly!
This is a placeholder page for Sharon Cox, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Sharon Cox.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Sharon Cox. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Sharon Cox. We created this page automatically in hopes Sharon Cox would find it. If you are not Sharon Cox, but are an alumni of Marinette High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Marinette High School	of Marinette, Wisconsin
diy chalk paint distressed furniture painting dresser black antique white,diy paint distressed wood chalk finish painting furniture with black,diy painting furniture black dresser paint distressed wood lace painted,diy painting furniture antique white wonderful lace painted with spray gun chalk paint distressed,diy painting furniture black dresser ideas blue re do artsy chicks with spray gun,diy painting dresser ideas furniture silver chalk paint distressed painted office projects the graphics fairy,diy painting furniture ideas with spray gun without sanding best of paint dresser stuff,diy painting bedroom furniture ideas antique white makeovers that only require a new coat of paint,diy painting furniture black with spray gun a dresser makeover paint ideas,diy painting furniture with chalk paint without sanding silver before and after hand painted.
The largest grant, $1,000, went to Bethesda Home to supplement expenses for its Friendship Meal program. Goessel Senior Endowment provided $950, and the remainder came from the Impact Fund.
Families and Communities Together received $500 for literacy kits and supplies for children from birth to 5 years who attended the Goessel Elementary School Sensational Senses community event.
Goessel Public Library received $500 to help fund Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math after-school activities.
Heart to Heart Child Advocacy Center received $420 for two anatomic dolls for their work with victims of child abuse.
Dwight M. Flaming, assisted by board members, highlighted the three-year capital campaign, “Giving Back to Goessel,” demonstrating various ways of giving to the Impact Fund.
When agreeing on office space is arguably the most significant accomplishment of Marion County Community Economic Development Corporation to date, stumbling out of the box may be too kind.
With board chairman Amy Doane leaving, an executive director search process coming up dry, and county commission chairman Dianne Novak demanding the county take its money back Monday, it’s more like out of the frying pan and into the fire for the nascent savior of the county’s economic future.
A little over a year ago, when the county’s economic development task force unveiled its proposal and asked commissioners for $825,000 over five years to make it happen, commissioner Randy Dallke said, “If you never step out of the box, you never get anywhere.”
However, it seems the most insightful and predictive “box” statement was uttered about a year earlier by former task force chairman Chris Hernandez after the group’s initial meeting.
Indeed, the gloves came out last summer and into the fall when the group tried to recruit cities and their dollars to the cause, as Peabody, Marion, and Hillsboro wrangled over who should be on the corporation board.
In the end, by design, all those task force folks who’d spent nearly a year and a half working on birthing this entity were gone. A partial board of new members took over the task of breathing life into it.
But they inherited a concept, an undertaking not of their own creation, one long driven by an underlying mantra of “If we get the right person as executive director, everything will be all right.”
Hiring a search firm to look for director candidates was a good move, but pickings were slim. They’ve unfortunately discovered a simple truth: having a competitive salary doesn’t ensure you’re going to be competitive in the hunt for talent.
Novak may have unwittingly made that task harder with her remarks Monday. Her concerns about how MCCEDC is working are valid, but suggesting now that the county take its money and run illustrates the difference between a shoot-from-the-hip populist and a thoughtful politician.
Growing pains of new organizations can be overlooked by candidates eager for a job; knowing that MCCEDC’s largest funder is making noise about pulling the source of their potential salary cannot. It was going to be a challenge to get a good economic development director anyway, but now there’s an even more significant reason to think twice about coming on board.
Threatening MCCEDC’s funding isn’t going to make the board any more effective. It’s a premature, strong-arm, grandstanding tactic that runs completely counter to the original intent of the organization, which was to take politics out of the economic development equation.
Of course, we’ve never believed that to be realistic. Politics is inherent to an organization dependent on politicians for its financial life. To pretend otherwise is naïve and dangerous.
Since the other two commissioners didn’t agree with Novak, the county’s financial commitment to MCCEDC is safe, for now. But the seeds of uncertainty have been publically sown.
And what are Marion, Hillsboro, or Peabody to make of it? All three skeptical at some point, should any of them be reassured of their commitments by Novak’s comments?
Yet as we said earlier, Novak’s frustrations are valid. What do we really have to show for nearly two years worth of time and energy invested beyond a slick PowerPoint presentation of conceptual directions, a series of disagreements and missteps, and a place for MCCEDC to call home?
If we’re to stay the course, MCCEDC should quickly invest in professional board member training. For a board to be most effective, it needs to function as a group, not merely a collection of individuals.
Adequate training might have prevented, for example, treasurer Mike Beneke from proposing a clear conflict-of-interest office proposal that other members wisely turned down. Then again, Beneke was advised against the proposal before he ever made it, so training isn’t the only answer. But it’s a start.
The bigger question looming is this: Can a model that worked in other places with different conditions and dynamics work in Marion County?
The ongoing promise has been that highly qualified executive director at the helm of MCCEDC will have the necessary resources to do great things, although they will need time to get things rolling. If they can’t deliver on the first part of that promise soon, the next “box” reference may be to one made of pine, about six and a half feet long, with handles on the side.
The Maritime Concert Opera Society has received its charitable status from the Canada Revenue Agency. This means we can now issue tax receipts for donations to the company.
Maritime Concert Opera is a semi-professional regional opera company based in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, Canada which brings in-concert performances of great operas to many communities in Nova Scotia. While we use professional soloists, our chorus and ethos are rooted firmly in our communities.
Monthly Archives Select Month April 2018 February 2018 December 2017 August 2017 May 2017 March 2017 January 2017 September 2016 January 2016 September 2015 June 2015 May 2015 March 2015 January 2015 November 2014 May 2014 March 2014 February 2014 September 2013 August 2013 June 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 April 2012 January 2012 December 2011 September 2011 August 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 February 2011 January 2011 September 2010 April 2010 February 2010 January 2010 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 June 2009 April 2009 March 2009 November 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 January 2008 November 2007 September 2007 August 2007 June 2007 May 2007 February 2007 January 2007 November 2006 October 2006 November 2004
Heredity is the main factor that influences the type of your hair. The environment, nutrition and care, of course, also leave their mark. But so often we hear that if nature does not give you a dense hair, there is nothing to change. We do not agree with that. All you need for this, you already have in your home. You only have to stretch your arms to get the desired hair.
To grow hair faster and make your hair thicker, shiny and healthier, it is worth using these special effective blends based on the available home products you have. Cosmetic masks only “polish” hair, but they do not stimulate growth. We offer 6 masks that will give results and only for a month.
0.35 mm each day. Considering the fact that in a month it is possible to grow up to 20 cm, but these are single cases, a human must not fly high in the clouds and imagine such an unreal glow. You can always increase the size of your hair.
In summer, hair grows faster than in winter. In some people, growth is more active during the day than at night. What girls do not do to stimulate growth and achieve the desired result. We suggest turning to methods that have worked for many centuries and there is no mistake
Review each of the options. Choose the one you like best and check its performance. Later, you can go to the next option to decide which works best on your hair. Each ingredient knows how to work for your wishes
Cut the leaves of aloe in half and squeeze the juice. Rub the liquid into the roots of your hair with massaging movements. This will help the juice to penetrate deeper, as well as improve your blood circulation. Stay in this way for two hours, then wash your hair
Once you have washed your hair in the usual way, use apple vinegar instead of your favorite balm. Do not rinse, just let it drain and then dry with a hairdryer.
Stir two yolks. Apply onto your hair. Wrap with a nylon, then simply put a warm cloth. Stay for 40 minutes, then wash you hair..
Mix a glass of cognac with a few eggs. Add some olive oil. Apply on the roots and distribute the product along the length. Stay this way an hour, then wash your head and dry.
Mix 1 teaspoon almond oil, one lemon juice and egg yolk. Heat the mixture a little and apply to the hair.
Take 2 teaspoons of cinnamon and add a few drops of essential oil. Leave the mixture to act on your hair for half an hour. Rinse with shampoo.
Expect to be within a month and a half after first use, provided one of the above masks is applied 2-3 times a week.
Restaurants and Dining Guide for Kankakee, IL - 0 restaurants found in Kankakee, IL starting with "Q". Find a restaurant in Kankakee, IL and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make restaurant reservations, read and write restaurant reviews. If you are a business owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide.
This the first EP of 2015 from the Zurich based stable Demand Records, and there teaming up with the 24 year old polish based producer Karol Ziober AKA Mortem.
Mortem is making big waves with his production skills which have seen him getting releases on Critical Music, Metalheadz, IM:LTD and of course Demand Records, and I have to say what a way to kick things off for 2015.
It starts of with a nice minimal landscape intro with a lovely male vocal build up, but then you meet up with the hard stabs of the break and then we are launched hard into a heavy hitting futurist roller with a twisting bassline that will guarantee destroy your subs and have your head nodding without you knowing it.
This starts in the same fashion as the A side with a smooth male vocal and dreamy pads, but the break is not so much in your face. Mortem wants to take you on a much deeper ride here, with a soulful, beautiful atmospherics, but with twisted ever changing baseline over the top to keep the track rolling along nicely.
Lower East Side WI Locksmith Store is a company that provides effective solutions to its customers for their lock and key issues. For more than 10 years, we have provided services of the highest quality to our customers in Burnham Park. We specialize in solving lock and locksmith problems of a wide variety and have helped numerous homeowners, car owners and businesses with quick and reliable locksmith services in Burnham Park. Be it the implementation of high security locks for your home and office or the duplication of transponder car keys, our team will give you the assistance you need even if you are stranded on the side of the road at the furthest corner of the town.
Established 10 years ago, Lower East Side WI Locksmith Store has quickly grown to become the premium locksmith service in Burnham Park. Our staff includes the most experienced technicians who possess skills that help them solve critical and sophisticated client issues without much difficulty. We make this possible by only hiring specialist locksmiths who can mould themselves according to the situation and think on their feet. Garage door installation at your home or making ignition keys for your vehicle or setting up a master key system in Burnham Park, you can trust our technicians with anything related to locks and keys.
We provide locksmith services for business, homes, and vehicle owners in Burnham Park. These services include, but are not limited to, installation of new locks at homes, making of new car keys in Burnham Park, setting up advanced locks like digital locks at your office. You can also use our expertise to improve your home security or consult our experts to enhance the security at your office.
Emergencies situations are very far and few in an individual’s life but when you actually do face an emergency, you need swift and dependable solutions, especially in the case of a lock and locksmith emergency. That is why Lower East Side WI Locksmith Store provides 24/7 locksmith & key services in Burnham Park. If you need to replace locks in a single session or you want to rekey locks to keep out a suspicious ex - tenant, simply call us and we will send a team at your location within 15 - 20 minutes.
To ensure a healthy life, you must take care of your weight. Achieving your ideal weight is a tough task made simpler with the advice in this article. The tips are straightforward and easy to enact. So you can get started on your path to weight loss as soon as possible.
Consider joining a weight loss support group to help you along your weight loss journey. This will surround you with people who want to help you with your goals, and give you someone to fall back on when you are tempted to break your diet. You might even make some new friends!
For effective weight-loss exercising, you should join a gym rather than attempt to do all your exercising on your own. In the long run a good gym membership will save you money by providing facilities, equipment and services you could not possibly afford to buy on their own. At a gym you will also find a community of fellow exercisers who can support and assist you.
Cutting check out the post right here out of your diet while eating excess amounts of fat will help weight fall off. spider vein treatment can still eat delicious foods like steak, avocados, cheese, and butter in very large quantities! Plus, once your body has gone into ketosis (the process of burning fat instead of storing it), you can cheat on occasion and eat sweets with artificial sweeteners.
Think positively when embarking on a weight loss plan. Don't view foods as 'bad', rather, think about them as something that doesn't fit into your lifestyle anymore. If you have the mindset that certain foods are forbidden, the temptation will be too hard to resist. Instead, focus on all the great new foods that you will be trying out. This will give you a sense of empowerment that will really help you when trying to lose weight.
Simply turning down the temperature on your thermostat can have a big impact on your overall weight loss. Studies have shown that people who go to sleep in a cooler environment (not exceeding 70 degrees) burn an extra 100 to 200 calories per day. This is due to a process called non-shivering thermogenesis.
An all-natural diet does not have to be your goal, but eating fresh fruits and vegetables is certainly preferable if you're really serious about making a lifestyle change. Your diet shouldn't only be about losing weight; it should also be about getting in shape and staying as healthy as possible.
When you are eating something that needs a dip (like carrot sticks or celery) choose a dip that is vegetable based like hummus. Many people use ranch dressing as a dip, and that it filled with fats that will do nothing good for any weight loss goal. The vegetable dip is filled with the proper vitamins and is low in fat and calories.
A low carb diet is a very healthy and safe diet that you can choose to optimize weight loss. In this diet, you will reduce the foods that are very high in carbs such as pasta. Substitute fruits and vegetables as alterative foods to consume when beginning this diet program.
You may find your focus is better and more maintained when you pair up with another to lose weight. Discover More allows you to gain more motivation at rough points during your program. When you have to answer to another person, you are much less likely to slack off on your diet and workout routine.
learn here (such as juice) contain many calories that do nothing but help to pack on the pounds. If you stop drinking empty calories you will have an easier time to lose weight. You want to make the calories that you do consume count, or you will end up gaining weight instead of losing it.
Breakfast is one of the most integral meals that you can consume, as it will help to reduce the cravings that you have during the day and inject energy into your body. Eat a hearty meal when you wake up and complement this with a light lunch, for maximum weight loss.
Trying to lose weight? Make sure you're drinking plenty of water, especially before a meal. Drinking a full glass of water before eating often helps many people eat less. And the next time you're tempted to reach for a snack, make sure you hit the water fountain - sometimes, when our brain tells us we're hungry, we're really just thirsty.
Instead of ice cream or popsicles during the summer months, freeze some grapes. They are a sweet snack that you can enjoy anytime to cool you down. No need to de-stem them, just throw directly in the freezer after purchase and pick off a handful or two when you feel the need for a cool snack.
If you buy a daily lunch while you are at work you can burn some calories by walking a few blocks to go and get it instead of opting for delivery. Even if your job has a cafeteria inside the building, you should still go out to get the exercise.
The more information you have about weight loss in general, the easier it's going to be to effectively lose weight and keep it off forever. Use what you just read here to get the ball rolling. If you're willing to stick with it, you can most certainly change your life around for the better.
Thanks very much Pacific Longboarders and editor John Brasen for allowing us to present the articles on line. (Vol 7 No 1)
Thanks to Tom Tango for pointing out that last night’s Seattle-Tampa Bay game is the PERFECT example of the utter stupidity of the pitcher win as currently constituted.
Mariners starter J.A. Happ gave up three runs in six innings — what we have come to know as a quality start. However, when he left the game, his team trailed 3-2 so he was not eligible for a win. He was only eligible for a loss. Tampa Bay’s Alex Colome had only pitched 5 1/3 innings, but he gave up just two earned runs so he left the game in the opposite position, eligible only for a win, not a loss.
Seattle got Happ “off the hook” — as they say on the radio — by scoring four runs off of Tampa Bay’s Jake McGee in the eighth inning. McGee gave up a single to Rickie Weeks, another to Robinson Cano, Nelson Cruz then hit what probably should have been a double play grounder, only Nick Franklin made an error and the bases were loaded. Kyle Seager followed with the grand slam.
That put Tom Wilhemsen in position to get the win. Why? Well, he’d he’d pitched a whole inning. It was a scoreless inning even though he did give up a single and a double. Why should he get the win? Well, you know, that’s the system. McGee, naturally, was now going to take the loss.
But of course it gets much sillier. The Rays trailed by three runs in the ninth, but then they came back. They did this by obliterating closer Fernando Rodney. David DeJesus singled, Brandon Guyer singled, Joey Butler was hit by a pitch, Evan Longoria doubled. Then there was an intentional walk and a run scoring groundout. And the game was tied.
And now, whew, well now nothing. The game was tied. By baseball’s rules, a tie game is a new game when it comes to pitchers getting the win or loss. McGee was off the hook. Willhemsen got his win taken away. Happ and Colome, who had each pitched more than half the game, were distant memories.
In the 10th, Kyle Seager homered again, this time off Brad Boxberger. That gave Seattle a 7-6 lead. The Mariners made it hold up with a breezy scoreless inning by reliever Joe Beimel.
And so what happened in the end? Right: The win went to FERNANDO BLEEPING RODNEY. Yep. He pitched one disastrous inning, blew a three-run lead, got the win. Sandy Koufax’s perfect game equaled one win. Fernando Rodney’s three-run implosion equaled one win.
Some misunderstand: My idea of counting team wins rather than pitcher wins for starters is not based on some idea that it’s more FAIR than the way it’s done now. I don’t think it’s “fair” to credit pitchers for wins and losses at all; they don’t win or lose games. There are examples EVERY SINGLE DAY oft how unfair the win is now.
But fair-unfair, in my view statistics should COUNT THINGS. Right now, we credit pitchers for wins and losses in this cockamamie way that counts some stuff, doesn’t count other stuff, gives more weight to some things than other things and so on. These absurd add-ons confound and confuse and, in my opinion, don’t add anything to the conversation.
If the idea of the pitcher win statistic is — as I think it is — to determine which starting pitchers give their teams their best chance to win, then let’s actually record what starting pitchers give their teams their best chance to win.
One final point about the win: It often seems like this is an old-school, new-school argument. That is to say, that traditionalists supposedly love the pitcher record and see great truths in it while new school people tend to write off pitcher wins and losses as pointless and silly. Obviously this is a cliche and a generalization — many people have nuanced views, maybe they like pitcher wins for what they are, maybe they don’t like pitcher wins but can see some value in it, and so on.
But even beyond the generalization I don’t think the old-school, new-school conflict is real because as far as I can tell NOBODY gives a rip about relief pitcher wins. Harold Reynolds, who I have come to think of as the Saint of the Pitcher Win, doesn’t care about relief pitcher wins. Jack Morris fans*, who will recite Morris’ record ad nauseum, don’t care about relief pitcher wins.
*I meant to put this in the original piece — Jack Morris, by team wins, is a 300-game winner. His career record was 302-224. That puts him 25th since Deadball in pitcher wins, which is pretty good, and his .574 win percentage is 42nd among 200-game winners.
Does this help or hurt his Hall of Fame argument? Probably neither — I don’t think anyone has had their Hall of Fame argument dissected quite as thoroughly as Morris. The 302 wins looks better because of the way we have come to view 300-game winners, but realistically he still has Dennis Marinez (304), Frank Tanana (308), Andy Pettitte (316), Mike Mussina (325), Jamie Moyer (343), Jim Kaat (345) and Tommy John (386) in front of him.
Here’s how little we care about relief pitcher wins: Mariano Rivera is the most celebrated reliever in baseball history; do you have ANY idea what his won-loss record was? Does it matter in the least? In his best years, he was 4-2, 6-5, 5-5 and 6-4. Who cares? Why are we wasting those wins and losses on him when we don’t even follow it?
Or this: There are two pitchers in this Hall of Fame with LOSING RECORDS. How ridiculous is that? How could that even happen? Well, it happened because they are relievers and nobody cares — one is Rollie Fingers (114-118) and the other is Bruce Sutter (68-71) and it just doesn’t matter. The wins and losses that relief pitchers get just disappear into the ether.
And that is as big a reason as any why it would be so easy to just switch this thing. We’re not looking at relief pitcher wins and losses ANYWAY. We could start giving wins and losses to the starters and it would take weeks before anyone would even notice.
So what would we be losing? There would be those who say that wins as now constituted reward starters who go deeper into games. But I just don’t think that’s true because, basically, NOBODY goes deeper into games. We’re talking about one or two extra outs — nobody completes games, nobody grits it out in the eighth inning, nobody comes close to completing games. That’s just an old way of thinking. Clayton Kershaw goes deeper into games than anybody … he averages 7 inning starts and has completed just 11 games since 2011, none so far this year. That’s what constitutes going deep into games in 2015.
I honestly don’t think we would be losing anything. I think won-loss records would still reflect, in the same general way that the hodgepodge pitcher win stat does now, who the best starting pitchers are. But we would get a little bit clearer picture and we wouldn’t be giving lip service to silly and outdated statistical guidelines. Clear the fog.
Regarding the salience of reliever wins — isn’t there a separate point to be made about how ridiculous it is what we do and don’t care about with regard to players at different positions? For example, Maddux surely won his teams lots of extra games with his defense. But in comparing him with other greats, it goes out the window. Or, to take a better example, we don’t really talk much about receiving yards when mentioning great running back seasons — but if we got into that habit, wouldn’t it make it even more clear how LaDainian Tomlinson towered over every other mid-2000s RB? As far as the Chargers were concerned those receiving yards meant as much as rushing yards, but it’s unclear how much that factors into fans’ perception of where he ranks among the all time great RBs. (And Tomlinson and Faulk are probably poor examples of this, since they were such amazing receivers it was generally noticed. How about the all-time great who was a pretty good receivers, compared to other all time great RBs who didn’t catch passes at all?)
That Maddux won “lots of extra games” with his defense is hardly sure to me. His dWAR is 0.1 on bb-r. Why are you so sure about this?
His dWAR for every single season is 0.0, but 18 Gold Gloves is a lot for a guy who added no value with his defense. Yes, I know, I know Palmeiro won one playing like 28 games at 1st base, etc etc, but I remember the eye test validating the perception that Mad Dog was a great defensive pitcher. Are there any pitchers who have any kind of significant defensive WAR tally?
He could easily be a great defensive pitcher, and still not have won lots of extra games with his defense.
Pitching a max of 34 games would make it hard to gain a lot of dWAR. I’m not sure what the adjustment is for pitcher. But, having watched Maddux, unlike a lot of pitchers, he was in position to field. He made jumping and getting the chopper over the mound into an art form. He was very quick off the mound on anything hit in front of him & also stopped a lot of sharply hit balls. Yeah, I doubt you’d find many pitchers who accumulated much dWAR.
BB-Ref and Fangraphs, as it appears to me, has advanced fielding data since 2003. So that would capture the last 6 of his 23 seasons, starting with his age-37 season.
Regardless of where you stand, some other info will be needed to prove or disprove his defensive contributions, as basing it on dWAR captures a fraction of the picture.
This is what you’re looking for, and it’s an interesting list. Warrick Dunn is 13th all time among RBs. Makes you think about guys like Adrian Peterson, who was/is of course a dominant runner, but never much of a pass catching threat.
The vastly better analogue for pitchers would be their contributions with the bat (of course, those are pretty much always negative, though some are much less negative than others). Greg Maddux could very well be the best defensive pitcher alive, but it’s largely irrelevant because pitchers rarely get chances to make defensive plays, especially the difficult ones where differences in defensive ability can bear out.
In 1979 Ron Davis went 14-2 for the Yankees and led the league in winning percentage while only throwing 85 innings. I think he got tagged with the nickname “Vulture” that year because he was put in so many games when the team was behind but came back for the win. Not to take anything away from him, because he pitched well enough, but the batters earned the “win”.
Well, thanks, NOW I care about relief pitcher wins. Now I really want to know who has the best relief pitcher W-L record in history, who has the most wins, and separately, who has the most losses. Obviously both would have to be pretty good relievers, just to hang around that long. But I’d guess the RP with the most losses is actually a significantly BETTER pitcher than whoever has the most wins, since he would be a “late and close” type reliever, brought in to protect slim leads or keep games tied. Can anyone do the research?
It would be an old timer. Roy Face went 18-1 one year, without starting a game. But the rest of his career, as you’d expect from a reliever, was around .500. Hoyt Wilhelm went 15-3 and 12-4 in his best two years as strictly a reliever. Pretty unremarkable record other than that. As a reliever, to win a game, you have to come in when your team is behind & then your team has to rally, usually while you are in the game (not all the time, of course, because you can be deemed the “most effective” pitcher & gain a win under some conditions). So, I think it’s largely a fluke when a reliever wins a lot of games.
This is a very confusing argument. Joe is saying he doesn’t like the stats for win, and wants to change it so that it represents a different stat for win that he also doesn’t like but would be “clear of fog”. That seems like a lot of effort to get a result you actually won’t care about.
I would say if you found a way to make the win a stat you care about then great, if not it is hard to get people to rally around a cause you don’t believe in yourself.
I’d say you grasp Joe’s argument pretty well, considering that you find it very confusing. He is proposing a solution that would be easy to implement and adjusts an aspect of the win that appears to be universally regarded as broken. Even on this board, where people seem to argue about everything (case in point: your post), there appears to be universal agreement that relief wins hold no value. Surely that is worth a 700 word blog entry.
Joe, I get that wins are a bit overrated, as they are currently counted, but you’re anti-win stance has long rubbed me the wrong way. They really do have value. Yes, you see some cheap wins, but over the long haul, it’s kind of funny how good pitchers seem to win lots of games. See Adam Wainwright. I see pitcher’s wins as a tool when evaluating SP’s, just as I see WHIP, BABIP, etc. They’re all tools to be used to evaluate a pitchers effectiveness. I think the best GM’s, managers, scouts use all the available tools at their disposal to determine if a player works.
Ok ,now that’s out of the way, I really like your idea of using the team’s W/L record as the SP’s record. I think that’s a nice compromise and should help weed out the cheap wins. Not always, but mostly. Just imagine if the Royal’s had somehow bailed Guthrie out the other day. He would have been credited with a “win”, despite giving up 11 runs in 1IP. Far fetched, but possible.
Now to do this, someone would need to go through and update all the pitchers of the past. Dizzy Dean is 150-83 in his career, now he’d be 151-76..kind of crazy to see how close he really is. Dean got several wins in relief, but I think he’s record is a reflection of how deep they pitched into games in those days. Now another favorite, Bob Gibson: 251-174 record. His adjusted record is now: 285-195. Win % for Gibby is nearly identical, .590 real, .594 team W/L. Dean’s is about the same as well. Anyway, I think it’s pretty interesting, thanks!
Well, yeah. Did you really need to look at Adam Wainwright’s W-L record to know that he was good? Dean is a bad example, as you point out. In his heyday, ’32-37, he closed out 140 of his 195 starts. There’s not a big need to differentiate.
The point is not that pitcher wins are completely useless, it’s that they are assigned in a silly, arbitrary way.
“The official scorer shall not credit as the winning pitcher a relief pitcher who is ineffective in a brief appearance, when at least one succeeding relief pitcher pitches effectively in helping his team maintain its lead. In such a case, the official scorer shall credit as the winning pitcher the succeeding relief pitcher who was most effective, in the judgment of the official scorer.”
It’s rare, but I have seen it (http://www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/WAS/WAS200709180.shtml). Sounds like that should have been the case in this game. But official scorers are seemingly reluctant to do so. No doubt Rodney would have complained if he was deprived of the win.
If the starting pitcher leaves with his team ahead and his team maintains the lead until the end of the game, he gets a win. But if he doesn’t pitch at least 5 innings, he’s not eligible for the win. So then the scorer awards it to the relief pitcher that was “most effective”. That’s what happened in the Mets-Nationals game you referenced. It’s not that uncommon.
That wasn’t the case in the Fernando Rodney game, so there was no way the scorer could have given the win to someone other than Rodney.
At the very least, a pitcher who blows a save or hold should not be eligible to get a win. If a team comes back to win despite a blown lead, the W should just revert back to the first pitcher who left the game eligible for it.
In other words, if the starting pitcher leaves the game eligible for the W, he should get it as long as the team eventually wins the game, no matter if there’s a blown lead or two in between.
As for getting rid of reliever wins altogether and crediting all decisions to the starter, I mostly agree, though I wouldn’t mind if the scorer were allowed some discretion for situations where a reliever pitches multiple innings and is clearly more effective than the starter. That would also cover games where the starter gets injured early and the long man comes in and throws four or five good innings.
Anyway, the spirit of the rule should be that the W goes to the pitcher who did the most to help the team win, not to whoever happened to be in the game when the winning run scored. So if a team wins 1-0 on a ninth-inning walk-off, the W should go the starter who pitched eight scoreless innings, not the reliever who pitched the ninth (even if he was effective).
I’m a bit of a traditionalist but I really like your idea. It does give some value back into the W/L record (even if it still would be imperfect). But we’d have to make sure we go back and fix the numbers in history – you wouldn’t want to see Cy Young’s win number get beaten by an *.
Nice followup article here Poz. You got me thinkin’ about the All-Star games… pitchers are not allowed to go more than 3 innings in the ASG, yet, the starter can still get credited with a W. Ones that come to mind are Matt Cain in 2012, Mark Buehrle in 2005, & Dave Steib in 1983.
I’ve been looking for a pitcher who won 30 games based upon Joe’s suggested revision but I don’t have a data base to work with, so I just checked for obvious possibles via Retrosheet, I get 29 wins for Roberts (1952), Newcombe (1956), Koufax (1965 and 1966), and Welch (1990). And I may be overstating Roberts and Newcombe, some of whose wins may have been in relief (Koufax and Welch almost never relieved).
“If the idea of the pitcher win statistic is — as I think it is — to determine which starting pitchers give their teams their best chance to win, then let’s actually record what starting pitchers give their teams their best chance to win.”
Ok, so the point of assigning wins to pitchers is not to evaluate how good a pitcher is but “to determine which starting pitchers give their teams the best chance to win….”
Does assigning wins/losses to the starters based on what the team does in their start do that? Did Happ give the Mariners a better chance to win because he pitched 2/3 of an inning more than Colome and only gave up one more run? Were the Mariners more likely to win because they were one run down when he left the game or were the Rays more likely to lose because they were ahead by a run when Colome was relieved?
Take yesterday’s slate. In 6 games, relievers won and lost the game. Let’s say the wins should have gone to any starter who went 5 innings at least and gave his team the best chance to win.
In the SD/Angels game, the Padres won. Their starter, Despaigne, went 6 innings giving up zero runs. The Angels starter, Shoemaker, went 7 innings giving up zero runs. Despaigne gets the win!
In Colorado, both starters gave up 1 run in 7 innings. Lorenzen wins the lottery there. The same thing happened in the Cubs/Nats game. Hendricks beats Zimmerman though each left the game with their team tied at 1 after 7.
In other cases, both when starters or relievers got the win or loss, the difference in the team’s position when the starter left was minimal. Feldman won because he gave up 1 run while Tillman allowed 2, but Tillman pitched 7 and Feldman just 6. Dickey and Danks both pitched 5 innings and Danks’ team lost. He did allow one more run than Dickey did, but it was 6-5.
In Oakland, Price beat Chavez 1-0. Fair enough, but Chavez pitched one more inning (8-7). Why does Happ get a win in TB while Chavez gets a loss in Oakland? How did Price give his team the “best chance to win” more than Colome did?
I just don’t see how awarding wins to starting pitchers, regardless of their performance, even if it is not a means to evaluate them, makes anything clearer. Inevitably, regardless of purpose, that stat will be used to judge how well pitchers did. The real object seems to be to keep counting something which tells us virtually nothing but to tell us virtually nothing in a different way.
Or perhaps it is to give us a cumulative number that over the long haul does tell us something about a pitcher’s career, but not anything more than what the current system tells us.
And it kind of happened again. Felix Hernandez deserved credit today for a brilliant performance vs. TB, but by Joe’s system, Archer would be saddled with the loss. Felix pitched a complete game giving up just 4 hits, 0 runs, 1 BB and 8 Ks. Archer only pitched 8 innings, but he also allowed zero runs while giving up 2 hits, no walks and getting 12 strikeouts. I suppose since it was a complete game, Hernandez did give his team the “best chance to win”, but does Archer deserve a loss on his record?
Yeah, I don’t understand what Joe is talking about. If he wants a stat to track the influence pitchers had on their team’s chances to win (without assigning credit to his defense), that already exists: it’s called Win Probability Added.
First, you question changing the definition of a win from the current one which “evaluate(s) how good a pitcher is.”
Next, are you suggesting the pitcher on a team that lost (Chavez) deserves to be credited with a win?
Just imagine how interesting stats can be if we count things that didn’t happen. Absurd, true, but lots of fun!
TheHardballTImes.com used to run a weekly column on all the absurd wins and also saves similar to Rodney’s last night. There are routinely dozens of examples every week of pitchers pitching poorly and getting a win (or pitching well and getting zilch for it). As to saves, the patron saint of ridiculous saves is Wes LIttleton who pitched the final 3 to get the save in that 30-3 Rangers/Orioles game from 2007- he came into a 14-3 game which is bad enough but pitched the 8th with a 24-3 lead and the 9th with a 30-3 lead: http://www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/BAL/BAL200708221.shtml
For a brief while, I was ready to go to the mattresses to have this argument. I looked at the box scores one day to find a great example of the wrong guy getting the win. And, on the day I looked, probably HALF of the wins went to the “wrong” guy. Next day: same thing. Day after: same thing. (I just checked today’s paper, and yesterday wasn’t that bad. Maybe a third of the wins were garbage.)
I realized there was no sense in arguing. Most (not all) pitcher wins are garbage. There’s a dozen other (better) ways to see who the best starting pitchers are.
Joe-As a long time reader and fan of your writings,there is a book-Earned Wins by Andre Lower(published in 2014)that presents a better system, of ‘awarding’ wins and losses, than the traditional system now in place or the idea that you propose in the above articles.Lower’s system determines W-L records as earned, based on ERA+(era normalized to league average and adjusted for home park). Earning wins in Lower’s system is more difficult,than the way they are currently awarded, with the system now in place. This book is a very interesting and worthwhile read. Mark V.O.
You take the starter’s (as Joe mentioned, no one cares about reliever wins) IP and runs allowed, you project runs scored for the remaining outs based on the average scoring per out leaguewide for the year, and compare against the average scoring for a game, and determine the “winner” (a tie would be a no decision, but its also a fractional score so unlikely).
Still would not be perfectly fair or perfect measure of performance (mostly because of variation in defense).
But what it would give you is “how many of this players starts should a team expect to have won or lost”.
What is the pitcher-season combination with the highest number of “that stat is stupid” wins in MLB history?
At times, we have looked at the opposite (great pitching years with low wins totals), and we’ve certainly looked at higher wins totals with higher ERAs. But it would be fun to go deeper. How many of those wins were games the pitcher had zero business winning?
As near as I can tell, there have only been 18 seasons where a pitcher won 20 with an ERA over 4.00 (which is kind of surprising, I would have guessed more). Bobo Newsom had the highest ERA for a 20 game winner at 5.08 in 1938 as best I can tell. However even that season, he only had 5 wins where he gave up 5+ runs. Highest ERA among anyone recent – Rick Helling won 20 with a 4.41 ERA in 1998 but he only won 2 games where he gave up 5+. LAst to do it was Pettitte in 2003 and he only had 3 where he gave up 5+.
Dropping it to 18 wins and sticking to more recently. BArtolo Colon won 18 with a 5.01 ERA in 2004 but did not win a single game where he gave up 5. Dropping it to 15 nets you Shawn Estes and his 15 wins with a 5.84 ERA in 2004 but he only had 1 win where he gave up 5.
I think you’ll find it difficult to find someone who won a bunch of games despite pitching poorly (the opposite to Nolan Ryan’s 1987).
Thank you to EVERYONE who ran the numbers and answered some of these questions. I’m really impressed by your efforts.
Hows about: starting pitcher W-L as currently constituted (need to pitch at least 5 innings, leave with the lead), but no one but the starting pitcher is eligible for the win or loss.
Don’t focus on raw ERA. McClain’s era of 4.38 was worse than the league average in 1966. That’s pretty bad.
If the win loss thing has to stay (and I’d be happy to see it go) then why not assign team wins to all the pitchers based on the number of innings they pitched? They all contributed, so they should all get a share. So if there were 3 pitchers used and each pitched 3 innings then each would get 1/3 of the win. If a pitcher goes the whole game he gets 1.0 wins. If the started goes 6 innings then he gets 2/3 of the win and the other pitcher(s) get their share od the remaining 1/3 win. this would also help in a way with the valuing of receivers and closers… (and could get rid of the stupid “save” statistic as well)
And if the idea of the “win” is to show pitchers that give their teams the chance to win – isn’t that roughly “Quality Starts”? That to me seems a much better statistic to try and tinker with rather than the contortions required to turn “wins” from something meaningless and bizarrely derived into something nearly as meaningless but a little less bizarre.
Avilan came in to pitch the eighth inning with a four-run lead. One inning pitched, five runs. He finished up with the win.
The ironic thing is that a loss by a relief pitcher is almost always a sign that he did something bad. Can we get rid of the wins and keep the losses?
What about actually giving credit to ALL the pitchers who help win the game…proportional to the number of outs they got? Wouldn’t this be the most representative of what actually happened? If you got 1 out in a team win, you get 1/27th of a win. If you got 24 outs, you get 24/27ths of a win. It’s actually pretty easy to figure out–so Tuesday night’s team win by Seattle would be this:
I proposed this over at Bill James’ site and he didn’t like it it, he said that it should still be integers. But at the end of the year, most times, the starter’s records are pretty close to what they are anyway when you add up all the .6s and .77s, just with an extra decimal thrown in. It seems easy enough to calculate, and, after all, it would still be a counting stat. Thoughts?
I agree completely with the absurdity of the win stat. It made sense 100 years ago when most pitchers went 8 or 9 innings virtually every time out, but it doesn’t make sense nowadays.
outs exceeds their baserunners by the greatest margin? This wouild usually be the starting pitcher but not always. A starter who leaves after 6 innings having given up 9 hits and 4 walks would have a score of 5 (18 outs minus 13 baserunners). A reliever
who pitches 2 innings and allows no baserunners would have a score of 6, so he would get the win rather than the starter in this example.
A win in a save situation is a bad thing, since it implies a blown save. So for a pitcher like Rivera who’s almost always used that way, a win isn’t that different from a loss.
Didn’t Dean Chance get the win in an All Star game without throwing a pitch? I think he came in with game tied, picked a runner off for the third out and then his team scored and won.
For many photographers, the 50mm focal length is a favorite and you can count me among them. While I do..
Joeri is a documentary -wedding- photographer and journalist. He works for a variety of magazines and websites. For all his work, the uses the Leica M system. Joeri teaches photography in group workshops and one on one sessions for other Leica fanatics.
Varsity is an established community in northwest Calgary developed in the 1960’s and 1970’s on a plateau north of the Bow River Valley.
School zones may be adjusted by both the public and or catholic school boards, visit the links above to confirm the most current information
Click here for a breakdown of social statistics for this culturally diverse community, including such details as income, age, marital status and population diversity.
RARE LISTING! IMMACULATE ESTATE HOME IN VARSITY! 3115 sq.ft. 2 Storey 5 Bed 4.5 Bath is an absolute dream home. Triple infloor heated Garage! Home is in pristine condition, has been extensively upgraded and perfectly maintained. There is over 4500 sq.ft. of living space and has an incredible outdoor space which boasts maintenance free decking, slate stonework landscaping, outdoor kitchen, hot tub, fireplace, an endless running brook and an irrigation system. Walking into this georgous entranceway greets you with a grand staircase to the upper floor. The kitchen is a Chef's dream, stainless steel appliances, gas cooktop, wall oven, warming drawer, granite countertops. The family room shares a double sided gas fireplace with a spacious den that is beisde your custom built office. All bedrooms have large walk in closets and two of the bedrooms have ensuite bathrooms, basement bed shares an ensuite bathroom. The home is very bright with high ceilings and large windows throughout. THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST SEE! If there is one home you are going to view in Varsity this is the one. New Pump for hottub in Dec 2015, New Water Softner 2016, New Garage door openers in July 2016, Both Central Air Condition units (2) replaced in Dec 2017. New Sub woofer for home theatre in Feb 2018. Granite was professionally Polished in Dec. 2017 (looks brand new!) All Windows are triple glazed argon filled. Roof has always been maintained along with everything else. New Hot tub cover. More details
This architecturally designed**** (5561 sq. ft. Dev.)**** home backs south onto the 15th hole of the Silver Springs Golf Course. An open airy concept with classic designs, grand foyer, high engaging ceilings, cornice mouldings and two circular staircases. Wall to wall solarium windows have sunlight streaming in over gleaming hardwood floors and accentuating the kitchen, breakfast nook and adjacent great room. This stately home was upgraded with exquisite detailing done with the highest quality materials and meticulous attention to details. Huge rooms that delight the senses include a main floor den and main floor bedroom. The upper floor features 3 large bedrooms, upgraded bathrooms, flex room, laundry, and fantastic master with fireplace, five piece ensuite and huge walk in closet. This home has 4 bedrooms and 6 bathrooms-two steam showers. Descending down the curved staircase to the lower level is a games room/family room, wet bar, full bathroom and exercise room."All three floors are equipped with a control 4-r sound & video system which can be operated by way of wall mounted screen, hand wands, cell phones and computers. Mechanical room with two forced air furnaces and hot water heat plus ample storage.Multi level decking system with built in BBQ and gas outlets.The triple garage features hot water heat under one bay. Lovely landscaped grounds with mature trees.Close to LRT, U of C, schools, two hospitals and Market and Northland Malls. More details
Impressive Executive 4 bedroom home adjacent Bow River Park & the Pathway system. Situated on a huge beautifully landscaped lot, this home has benefited from many recent renovations & thoughtful upgrades. Once inside the door, you are welcomed into a large foyer with a view to the open concept main floor with chefs dream kitchen, well sized dining area & living room with unobstructed view of the river valley below & mountains beyond. A family room, large den/office & powder room round out the main floor. The grand custom built staircase takes you to the upper level offering 4 oversized bedrooms including the very comfortable master suite with 5 piece ensuite, fireplace and covered deck with views. The laundry room is conveniently located on the upper floor. In the fully developed lower level you will appreciate the spacious entertaining area with wet bar and family room with fireplace. The rear yard can be accessed from the main floor and offers a private place for entertaining and relaxation. Recent renovations and upgrades to the principal rooms of the home including the kitchen with induction cooktop, built in range fan, warming drawer and wall oven, heated garage, underground sprinklers, 2 furnaces, 2 tankless hot water tanks, all windows and doors, shingles, black ash walnut floors. The entire home is enveloped in newer acrylic stucco. More details
"One of Varsity Village's choicest locations", nestled away in the heart of the community. This wonderful 3227 sq. ft. home overlooks a large park and is only steps away from a huge park and playing field. This elegant two story home is located on an 80'x120' heavily treed lot where seclusion and privacy abound. A classic design in spotless condition and features a grand foyer, central hall, open staircase and enormous rooms. Enhancements include hardwood floors, stone fireplace, and air conditioning. The upper level boasts an elegant master with five piece en suite, and bonus room. Completing this package is a backyard with huge trees, private patio, and tranquil setting. Walking distance to schools, park, LRT and shopping and close to Children's hospital, U of C, Foothills hospital, and minutes to the downtown core. More details
Welcome to this spectacular pie lot on a quite cul-de-sac in Varsity Village; named AVENUE MAGAZINE's Best overall neighborhood in Calgary (2018). This home has had an incredible high end makeover that boasts a gourmet kitchen featuring quartz counter tops, Subzero appliances, bright sunny skylights, a custom built nook & continuos open concept which naturally flows throughout the house. The main living area features hardwood, a cozy wood burning fireplace surrounded by built-ins perfect for entertaining or relaxing. Retreat to the private sitting area which looks out to the large and private deck complimented by a functioning hot tub. An elegant master suite features a 4 piece bath with tiled floors, marble double vanity & full steam shower. The basement has been meticulously renovated with a large family room, wood burning fireplace, wet bar, office and full laundry room with soaker sink. Families on the go will enjoy a fanasticly planned mud room with custom built ins off the double attached garage. Additional features included:, custom crown moldings, wainscoting, paneling, Hunter Douglas blinds, built-ins for shelving and benches through the the home, A/C, Speakers (inside and out) and tankless hot for convenience. More details
This architectural masterpiece is nestled in a quiet Varsity Estates enclave situated on a spectacular corner lot. Stunning craftsmanship and elegant upgrades are evident in this bungalow with fully-developed walkout basement. Light, bright and exciting floor plan, includes the kitchen with top of the line built in stainless-steel appliances, enormous island and granite counter bar, plus separate breakfast nook. The main level includes a Great Room with gas fireplace, living room, formal dining room, office, main-floor laundry and two spacious bedrooms. The Master retreat has a walk-in closet & 4-pc ensuite with soaker tub & shower unit. Professionally developed lower level includes large windows, a three additional bedrooms AND bathrooms, extra-large family room, storage & walkout to the back patio. The yard is lovely and perfect for entertaining with a wraparound back deck that spans the length of the house! Very close to shopping, schools and all amenities. Call today for your private viewing! More details
Location! Location! Location! Backs directly onto the Golf Course. Fantastic opportunity to own an over sized lot in a PLACE location boasting a 67 foot frontage. Please check out the lot size. Very well maintained original home with a complete exterior repaint. The main floor foyer opens to the large , bright living room with a bay window. The formal dining room flows through the kitchen to the breakfast nook with sliding doors to the rear deck. Just off the nook is the large family room with a brick fireplace, built-in display cases, sliding doors to the rear patio and a 4th bedroom. Just off the family room is a 2 piece bath, laundry and a side door entrance.The upper level has the master bedroom with a three piece bath, two additional bedrooms and another full bath. The basement has a developed family room and offers an upgraded furnace. You'll love the big double attached garage and extra large front drive with lots of parking. This is absolutely one of the BEST locations in Varsity Estates!! More details
RARE FIND in VARSITY. Beautifully Renovated Two Storey with fully developed basement with over 3800sq ft of development. Located on Quiet, Private Lot with double detached garage. This homes main floor boasts a kitchen with island (induction stove), large eating area that leads to a private park like yard with deck, outdoor cooking area and hot tub. Living room with gas fire place, Media room with built ins, bedroom with 3 piece ensuite. The upper level offers Master Bedroom with walk in closet with built ins, 4 piece ensuite, Den, Two spacious Bedrooms with walk-in closets and Laundry Room. The Lower level has a gas fireplace with recreation area with built ins, 3 piece bathroom, bedroom extra fridge and cabinet area. This home is an absolute must to see. More details
Varsity condo living at its finest! Exceptional 11th floor sub-penthouse with nearly 1,600 sq ft of living space with unobstructed views of the mountains and Nose Hill! The Groves of Varsity offers a wide array of amenities – rooftop patio with BBQ’s, fitness facilities, central courtyard, visitor parking, steam rooms and a secure, heated, underground, titled parking stall (additional stalls available for lease). Exceptional 2 bedroom + den plan with soaring 10’ ceilings, large windows, hardwood flooring in the hall and main living areas and multiple zones for heating and A/C. Each bedroom has an ensuite bathroom plus there is a 2-pc powder room for visitors. Walk-in closets, soaker tub, dual vanity with storage and granite counters throughout. Lots of storage in the kitchen with large eat-in island featuring granite counters and double undermount sink. Walkers dream – within walking distance to the LRT, Dalhousie Station, groceries, restaurants, shopping and much more! More details
BRAND NEW RENOVATION - Don’t miss out on viewing this amazing one of a kind renovated home in sought after Varsity. Located on a quiet street with over 2,200 sq ft of living space this home showcases the best of the best for interior finishes. Entering you will be greeted with a large foyer, vaulted ceilings, open concept plan with engineered hardwood flooring, massive kitchen with black island, leather finished granite, white quartz, stainless steel appliances and custom tiled gas fireplace with built-in. Dining area with commercial glass wall and industrial lighting. Large master with walk in closet, double slider barn doors to spa like ensuite, heated flooring, free standing tub and 10mm glass shower. Additional bedroom with a 4 piece bath, heated floors and ample storage make up the main floor. The developed basement includes 2 additional bedrooms, glass wine room and media room with bar. Fully landscaped with modern patio and double detached garage. Book your showing for this one of a kind home! More details
The data relating to real estate on this website comes from the MLS® Reciprocity program of the Calgary Real Estate Board. The data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed to be accurate.
High exposure location for business office of any nature. Open space lends itself to multiple uses. Current parking consists of parking lot (north side of...
" Joe was wonderful and I'd refer him to anyone buying or selling a home. He was very professional and taught me about future home values, neighbourhood appeal, potential pitfalls and was invested in finding a home that fit my life."
"My wife and I were interested in exploring the Real Estate market in Calgary, and a friend recommended that we contact Joe."
"Joe made the time to come sit down, discuss our options, and answer any questions that we had - no obligations."
"Once we got serious about buying a home, Joe was dedicated to our cause ensuring that we eventually found a home that fit our family needs and our budget."
"We are repeat clients of Joe's, he has helped us through a couple of transactions""Joe always has our best interests in mind and handles all the details of the transaction"
"We have recommended Joe to family and friends and they have had nothing but positive experiences when working with Joe, we will continue to recommend him"
"If you are looking to work with someone who honestly cares about his clients we encourage you to work with Joe"
"Joe Viani took the time to explain his perspective on the current Calgary real estate market, since this aligned with our own thoughts, we were convinced that he was the right choice as our Realtor."
"His expertise, work ethic and attention to detail during both the selling and buying process confirmed that we’d made the right decision."
"I do not often feel the need to write testimonials, but after working with Joe I felt compelled to do so""Firstly Joe's professional attitude towards real estate and business is second to none"
"Joe works hard for you his client and those hours pay off with the correct house for you the client . When I relocated Joe did his job getting me top dollar for my old house and in finding me a new one at a good price. Joe does things better through "hard work " scanning the MLS® listing, calling REALTORS®, making appointments and showing lots of houses, Joe goes the extra mile"
"Joe is a loyal, honest person with impeccable integrity who cares about his clients, you are not just another commission to Joe, he wants to make sure you are satisfied and retain you as his client"
"My self and some family members have just experience both selling a property and buying a property through Joe Viani and I cannot say enough about the integrity, professionalism and knowledge of the industry that Joe demonstrated throughout the process. Joe was always available with candid, strait forward and knowledgeable advice, that had us out of one property and into another relatively quickly in a challenging market, with what I believe was the best deal possible on both ends."
"I will not hesitate to call Joe on my next moving experience, and strongly recommend the same for others."
“As it was our first time selling a home we had no real idea as to what was all involved. Joe came in and helped us through the whole process. We were on a tight timeline and he was very aware. He was always available and offered us advice when asked. He made our home available on every possible website as well as paper ads.”
“When we sold he walked us through the whole process and made it very easy. He got us the best price we could have."
"His knowledge of the Calgary real estate market, building design and construction, and of the city of Calgary in general provided us with great comfort at a time when we were concurrently selling and purchasing a home"
"Joe is held in the highest regard by his peers and clients. We have recommended his services to numerous other individuals, who in turn were extremely complimentary of him both personally and professionally"
"Although, not currently active in the market Joe continues to keep us up to date with timely information and always avails himself to answer any questions that we may have."
"It was our first time selling a home and we have no idea of the process; especially as we were trying to buy a home at the same time”
"For us, the most important qualities that Joe brought to our situation was his honesty, knowledge and work ethic"
"When we sold our first house, we had bought another one first, and we were very disappointed in how our realtor represented and worked with us. At that point, we said we would never buy a house before selling first…until we met up with Joe. His honesty, understanding of the market, our situation and what our needs were, gave us the confidence to buy our next home before selling again, and the process went as well as it could!"
Simply complete the form, wait for a confirmation email which will include all current MLS® listings that meet your criteria and moving forward let my system do the rest !
You will receive new listings via email the instant they are uploaded onto the MLS®, as much as 48 hours prior to them being available on REALTOR.ca.
The American optometric Association and the PA Optometric Association recommend the following guidelines for frequency of eye exams. Children should have their first eye examination by an eye doctor at age 6 to 12 months of age, at age 3, age 5, and every year thereafter. The school’s vision screening do not substitute for a comprehensive examination by an eye doctor.
Everyone with Diabetes should get a Diabetic retinal exam at least once a year. Diabetic eye disease may include diabetic retinopathy, which is damage to the blood vessels in the retina. This disease is a leading cause of blindness in American adults and may include cataract and glaucoma.
Glaucoma is a group of diseases that can damage the optic nerve in the eye. If left untreated, glaucoma can cause permanent vision loss. Millions of people have glaucoma and do not know it. People with a higher risk to develop glaucoma are:
People with a family history of glaucoma. Glaucoma can be treated with regular use of eye drops or pills to control the pressure inside the eye or eye surgery.
Age Related Macular Degeneration (AMD) is a common eye disease associated with aging that gradually destroys sharp, central, vision. Ninety percent of all people have dry AMD while ten percent have wet AMD. The greatest risk factor is age, along with Gender (women tend to be at greater risk than men), race (increase in risks for Whites), smoking, and family history. Early detection is important to help preserve vision.
A cataract is a clouding of the eye’s lens that causes loss of vision. A cataract may make light from the sun or a lamp seem too bright, causing a glare. Cataracts are treated with surgery. Cataract surgery is very successful in restoring vision.
Your tears function to protect the eyes and keep them lubricated and comfortable. Chronic Dry Eye Disease (CDED) is the decline in the quantity and quality of the tears produced. If you have dry eyes disease, you may experience irritation, scratchiness, burning, redness, discomfort, and extreme watery eyes caused by reflex tearing. CDED can be treated with eye drops, vitamins and or punctual occlusion.
No Glasses, No daytime contacts, No surgery—Just Great Clear Vision! Corneal Refractive Therapy is a technologically advanced, non-surgical process, which reshapes the cornea while you sleep. You can remove the lenses when you wake up and are able to go throughout the day without any other correction. It is simple as that. Call our office for a free consultation today!
Receive a gift certificate for referring a new patient to us. Refer three or more patients and receive a free gift.
There are over 40 million working families in the United States that cannot afford the cost of healthcare, not to mention the cost of routine eye care. Quality vision plays an extremely important role in children’s early education and in their ability to learn and excel in school. Krystal Vision Eye Care participates with the School District of Philadelphia to provide free eye exams and glasses for students without medical insurance every school calendar year. If a child fails an eye screening in the Philadelphia School District school, bring the failed-screening form from the school nurse when you make an appointment at our office. Please take advantage of this great opportunity to receive a free eye exam and glasses for your children.
“To aim at excellence, our reputation, and friends, and all must be ventured: to aim at the average, we run no risk and provide little service.”
“Perhaps you will forget tomorrow the kind words you say today, but the recipient may cherish them over a lifetime.”
Web internet marketing newbies make very common errors that result in de-motivation and failure when starting out on a web Internet marketing business The biggest dilemma is that they fail to place focus into the right things. So, what you may ask do I mean by the right things?
The right things mean developing systems and practices a formula if such as that do not waste time and money. OK I’m going to keep this short “focus on things that will produce revenue” I know this sounds obvious but far too many people get carried away with social networks, micro blogging commenting on other peoples blogs and of course trying to do forum marketing before the basics have been learned.
These are just a few things people waste some effort on with minimum no return. So instead of Social networks, Traffic exchanges, Micro blogging, forum posting, blog posting, wouldn’t you think your time would be much better spent building your online presence by developing your business on the internet using your own products and or services?
For goodness sakes you have been an online marketer for how longer? and you do not possess your own product yet. That statement still rings during ears, it originated from a friend and mentor of mine and it changed my internet marketing business for ever and turned it around in below 90 days.
Here’s what I conducted case study for like. I found a PDF that was a few years out of date, but the basics were still somewhat applicable although television . it referred to had come an extensive way since had been written, so what did I have? simple really I re wrote it, added around double it’s original content thus it was up towards minute, I produced screen shots of exactly how achieve this and added them to the e-book to show people how diet plans . done instead of just telling these guys.
Well the rest is history along with the following month I did so a camtasia video presentation using Powerpoint and those same screen shots but this time live on video and I began selling the DVD on e-bay. what happened next was awesome, several established web internet marketing pro’s found the product and asked attempt and do a joint venture to promote so it. Here’s where size doesn’t matter, my list was less than 100 at the time, after this was launched, well you can imagine the result, my JV partners did all of activity in marketing this for me and i gave 60% percentage of the sale. Wow!
So you see web internet marketing really doesn’t have to be difficult at all, you just sometimes need to be pointed in fresh direction. Since those times I have learned oh so much so now I a person. Here is my number one tip that will save you time and cash with web internet marketing
Try to outsource tasks that take a lot of my time and are boring Objective, i’m not saying avoid them correct someone else to do them. As an example, don’t write articles and e-books if individuals like the process and it de motivates you,get a different individual to accomplished for you that’s why we provide the likes of o-desk and e-lance, get my point here? it is possible to still achieve internet marketing business success without doing all the mundane stuff yourself.
This will give you time to handle the important internet marketing business things, such as finding services and marketing the solutions that you have in accessory for any affiliate products that make you Money, because that’s what this business on the internet thing is all about “Making Money”. You can pleasantly amazed at how little outsourcing can cost, but i will a person this, it can save a considerable time and hugely increase your focus over a important stuff. Take a look at every successful business on the internet, and you will find that everyone outsource to obtain things done quickly.
Focus yourself internet marketing products set up your business on the internet, leave the lower priority stuff like social networks and micro blogging to exactly what they’re – lower priority, go and make any mark, trust me if you happen to be involved by internet marketing business any kind of length of time you already know more than enough to become out publicize your own product.
I don’t know about you, but I’ve been enjoying the relatively low cost of gasoline lately. I remember years ago when paying at the pump was always a horrendous money-sucking experience; it got to the point where I was overly conscious about driving anywhere. It seemed like the days of being able to go on carefree road trips were long gone. While that’s probably good for the environment, it’s not the most practical thing if your job makes you commute daily – or if you want to travel. So for me, it’s cool that gas is a little more affordable these days. You know what’s even cooler? It’s about to get even more affordable.
A lot of us will likely be traveling over the Fourth of July holiday, so I have some good news for you. According to the consumer data tool GasBuddy, prices of gasoline are projected to be around a nationwide average of $2.21 per gallon, which is the lowest it’s been on the 4th since 2005.
That’s all the incentive I need to go on a mini road trip over the 4th. And since you can fish for free in many of Minnesota’s state parks, this might be one of the best Independence Days in quite some time.
Elegant simplicity in a beautiful White paint or a contemporary style in a traditional Espresso finish, you simply can’t go wrong with the timeless classic door style. The craftsman style represents the true craftsmanship of master cabinet makers of past and present. A timeless classic in it’s simplest form with its clean crisp lines and a cope and stick door frame made to provide a lifetime of enjoyment.
KGB Cabinets is a JSI Cabinetry Authorized Dealer & Retailer for the DIY & Professionals in Chicago areas
To ensure that a person, not an automated program, is filling this form, please enter the characters you see in this picture. All letters will be shown in their capitalized form.
The art of money manipulation is similar to the art of manipulating the number of inches in a foot or ounces in a pound or days in a week. Those who can do it are in control of the lives and fortunes of those who cannot. Since peace within societies and between nations must be founded upon justice, it stands to reason that there cannot be any justice or peace in a world where the manipulators of money control the economic order to their own advantage. The Christian social order of the nation inevitably breaks down.
The money question is very much on the mind of the American people today. Only the Catholic Church has the answers that we seek. Father Fahey is among the best expositors of the social Kingship of Christ and the economic principles of a Christian social order.
“According to right order, then, money or exchange medium is for the production of material goods, and the production of material goods is for the virtuous life of members of Christ of which the foundation is laid in the Christian family. Money, according to Saint Thomas, was invented by the art of man for the convenience of exchange by serving as a common measure of things saleable.”
“Stability in value is a property or necessary attribute of an exchange medium. Money is meant to facilitate families in procuring by exchange the sufficiency of material goods required for the virtuous life of the human personalities composing them. The virtuous life of human persons is simply their ordered development in supernatural life as members of Christ”.
To the Immaculate Queen of Heaven and Earth, to Saint Joseph, the Head of the Holy Family and the Protector of the Universal Church, to Saint Thomas Aquinas, the Catholic Church’s official teacher of order, and to Saint Brigid of Ireland, who was so well versed in the arts of rural life, this book is lovingly and humbly dedicated by the author, in the hope that by their intercession it may contribute in some little way to the return of the world to the full acceptance of the rule of Christ the King, so that social environment may once more sustain men in their efforts to live as members of his Mystical Body.
“I have alluded to the appalling progress of desert-making on behalf of greed throughout the world. Erosion is a symptom of sickness in any civilization. Today, as modern civilization is a world complex, it bids fair to engulf mankind. Already the specter of world famine casts its shadow ahead. Even in forestry there is more need to plant trees to preserve life than there is to exploit forests for felling. The financial rulers have the greatest responsibility for all this, since the system they administer has faithfully implemented human greed and ignorance. Financial greed has not only led the van, but directed the attack; and, having lent at interest sufficient money to exploit the soil, it has thereafter diverted the springs of credit that might have repaired the damage due to soil exploitation to the profitable business of transport, public utilities and luxury trades. The result is that it is as devastating to human material as it has been upon the soil . . .. Most of this degeneration can be laid finally at the door of finance, just as to the same door we can lay the twenty to thirty million unemployed who haunted the streets of Europe and America.” (Alternative to Death, by the Earl of Portsmouth, pp. 40, 37).
The author begs to thank the editor of The Standard (Dublin) for kindly permitting him to reprint the large portion of Appendix II which appeared in that paper and also for the permission, generously accorded, to make use of the other passages quoted from that paper. He begs to thank the editor of The Weekly Review (London) for kindly acceding to a similar request and also the many publishers, whose works are quoted. He hopes to interest his readers in some of the valuable works that have appeared in recent years on this important subject.
To those who are beginning the study of money, the author recommends Promise to Pay, by R. McNair Wilson (George Routledge and Sons), The Root of all Evil, by Sir Reginald Rowe (Economic Reform Club), and The Modern Idolatry, by Jeffrey Mark (Chatto and Windus). These can be followed by Professor O’Rahilly’s Money (Cork University Press) and The Role of Money, by Professor Soddy (George Routledge and Sons). To those who deplore the decay of the countryside he specially recommends Alternative to Death, by the Earl of Portsmouth (Faber and Faber), Look to the Land, by Lord Northbourne (J. M. Dent and Sons), and An Agricultural Testament, by Sir Albert Howard (Oxford University Press).
By an oversight it has not been mentioned in the text that An Outline of Money, by Geoffrey Crowther, is published by Thomas Nelson and Sons, Ltd., and that Professor Skinner alias Montagu Norman, by John Hargrave, is published by Wells Gardner, Darton and Co., Ltd.
CHAPTER THREE - THE FUNCTIONING OF THE GOLD STANDARD MONETARY SYSTEM: Money—Manipulators and Governments—Defective Principles adopted by the Bank of England with regard to the Issue of Money—The Banker’s Discovery
Welcome back to egocentric community of Withering Lows. A lot has happened since neighbor, Shane lost it a few weeks ago after finding litter on the running trail. I’m assuming he didn’t make good on his threat to quit his job and monitor the neighborhood for hooligans, but who knows.
Irene lives just a few houses down and found herself in the midst of her own conundrum just last week. She needed to defecate badly, but the cleaning ladies were still at her house. Naturally, she took to the Facebook HOA page to ask for advice on what to do. (Personally, I would’ve just Googled it, but different strokes for different folks, as they say.) There was a range of responses including “Go next door,” “Drive to the BP station,” and “If you have a privacy fence, then do it in the back yard.”
There was no official word on how it played out, but rumor has it that when Consuela opened the door to the butler’s pantry to dust the counters she found Irene squatted over a paper sack. Please pray for all of those involved.
The Facebook HOA page became another hot bed of controversy two nights ago when Jean got into it with a few of the other neighbors over premature Fourth of July fireworks.
Jean: To all of you who think it is ok to shoot fireworks tonight… a week ahead of the fourth… think again. My pup is traumatized without any warning. We were prepared for the actual fourth, but now it may be too late. Please be considerate.
Neighbor 2: Dogs get used to them at some point. Shoot ‘em off. And it’s TWO weeks before the fourth.
Neighbor 2: Obviously, Sandy isn’t very patriotic. Maybe she hates America. PS: My dog loves fireworks.
Neighbor 16: You should be more considerate. It sounds like you’re asking Americans not to celebrate their independence.
Me: My dog is afraid of fireworks AND thunder. While you all took care of the fireworks situation I fired off an angry email to God about that thunder. He has yet to respond. Whew! It takes a village.
In unrelated news, last week Boko Haram was suspected of kidnapping another 90 women and children in Nigeria, mystery still surrounds the missing Malaysian flight, and the U.S. traded five high-ranking Taliban terrorists for one American POW. However, in what turned out to be the biggest news story of all, one of the Duggar kids of the TLC show Eleventy-Thousand Kids And Counting got married, had her first kiss, and found out that THAT isn’t how babies are made.
Once this whole fireworks debacle gets worked out, I’m sure these new stories will find their way through Withering Lows iron gates just as swiftly as the New Kids On The Block- Greatest Hits album sweeps through Russia.
With today’s twenty-four hour news cycle it’s hard to escape the almost constant barrage of atrocities occurring around the globe. I, for one, have a hard time sweating the small stuff when people I know and people I don’t know are hurting- suffering from untreatable illnesses, the victims of mass kidnappings, genocide, and continued inequality. However, when things start to look a little too bleak there’s a place I can always turn to. It’s not as far away as you may think, either.
Not far outside of Nashville resides a quiet suburb community called Withering Lows. It only takes a quick peek at Withering Lows Facebook page to tell that this isn’t a community concerned with other people’s problems. No, they have bigger fish (of their own) to fry.
Today’s story takes us into a day in the life of a man I’ll call “Shane.” Shane is God-fearing man’s man who doesn’t believe in cussing. No sir.
However, Shane’s limits are about to be tested when he encounters something on his morning run through the wooded neighborhood trail. It’s a straw, and it just broke his camel’s back. Read for yourself, but keep in mind that his words are unedited. Personally, I envision his entire message being shouted, so I can only assume that the sections in ALL CAPS were written while simultaneously firing an assault rifle into the air.
Shane: “OK residents I think I have seen enough. While running this morning, I came across the remnants of a bonfire on the walking trail. GIVE ME A BREAK. Do I have to quit my job and sit in a lawn chair to watch the subdivision each day. The speeding, the profanity, the way we address issues. The Board is getting overwhelmed with this type of..sorry but CRAP. I know that I will be bombarded with comments soon, but this is getting old. We were voted one of the best subdivisions around and we act like this. If you see something, take the time to address it please and not wait till we have a “mob” of complaints.” First of all, I just want to thank Shane for being so brave. He didn’t have to share this story, but for some reason he did.
After reading this last night I was overcome with worry. I didn’t fall asleep until after ten o’clock and when I did I had a nightmare. In this nightmare, no one heeded Shane’s warning and he DID QUIT HIS JOB and buy a lawn chair. It was awful. All over the neighborhood dinners were burning and children weren’t being picked up from soccer on time. I ran to the aid of a woman in distress and I don’t think I’ll ever get her screams out of my head. “Why don’t we have a neighborhood pool?” she kept crying. I urged her to be strong for her family and not to think like that, but she continued, “I know we were invited to join that other neighborhood’s pool, but it isn’t really OURS. Nothing is ours!”
I still have a lot of unanswered questions, like How does Shane quitting his job somehow a threat to anyone but him and his family?
For those of you who have missed the last few posts coming to your email inbox, you can find them by clicking below.
Manifestation Babe is your daily dose of personal development for all things manifesting, mindset & money.
Feel like you don't know what to do in that awkward "limbo" of manifestation? You know, that period between asking for your desire and actually receiving it? If you lack the patience that's often (read: ALWAYS) required to speed things up, you'll definitely want to tune into this episode. The waiting period is there to serve us: to remind us to ENJOY the process.
Forums et rencontres ados sur Sortir Ensemble. " You were my September song, summer lasted too long Time moves so slowly, when youre only fifteen You were my September song, tell me where have you gone.
The scene where he describes his love for his wife was amazing. You must of course believe the story as presented and avoid the technicalities and conflicts with religious aspects to interfere with the plot. City of Angels BD [Blu-ray]. The ad is too long.
Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. The video content is inappropriate. This must have rencontre avec joe black streaming 720p one of the better movies for Brad Pitt's talents to shine as his good looks might have otherwise hampered those talents to be noticed. Be honest and share the truth -- your truth sgreaming with others and live life knowing it's hard to say goodbye.
Published 18 days ago. Most recent customer reviews. More baffling yet was the idea put forth by a number of critics that it was untrue to the original film, in which they imagined Death to have been a character such as would be played by George Saunders or Clifton Webb, full of dark and barbed commentary, sophisticated and jaded and tossing off witty lines at a brisk pace.
Published aevc months ago. Membres Se connecter Inscription. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. The ad does not rejcontre. La Cité des anges. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item? Sorry, there was a problem. No problem; it's well worth it. Not on your life. Published 29 days ago. Hopkins fully endows the media mogul, William Parrish, with depth and complexity, with emotions that rencontre avec joe black streaming 720p from the most poignant tenderness rencontte angry outbursts of Shakespearean fury.
Anyways, passing this stage, I found the movie quite intriguing and enjoyable to watch. The lead actors' performances are outstanding particularly Hopkins, Pitt and Forlani. Site de rencontre dun jour gratuit, by blavk way, is not what I'd call a "supporting actress. Write a customer review.
The key is to allow yourself the entire time to watch it from rencontre avec joe black streaming 720p beginning as the small intricacies in the scenes gradually build up for the following scenes to make sense. The cast works wonderfully together with Rencontre avec joe black streaming 720p Hopkins at its head, straeming a fantastic performance as the patriarch given a reprieve from an immediate demise so he can serve as Death's tour guide for a brief time.
Meet Joe Black is an excellent film in every respect, yet it was originally given a cold shoulder by the critics and public and has never quite recovered from its initial release and remains more obscure than it should be.
Please fill out the copyright form to register a complaint. Unable to add item streaminy List. Not a slow movie. There was a problem filtering reviews right now.
10.02 - 24.02 2017 at Fejkiel Gallery, Sławkowska 14, Kraków. I will have my brand new series of drypoint and carburundum prints on.
Urbis Felicitas A Celebration of Mountjoy Square 8th Sept – 1st Oct 2016 | Graphic Studio Gallery, Ireland
© 2018 Arcadia House Hunters. All Rights Reserved. Real Estate Website Design powered by Home Junction.
Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture have some pictures that related one another. Find out the newest pictures of Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture here, and also you can obtain the picture here simply. Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture picture placed and published by Lagalaxyteamshop.com that preserved in our collection.
Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture have a graphic from the other. Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture In addition, it will include a picture of a kind that might be observed in the gallery of Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture. The collection that comprising chosen picture and the best amongst others.
These are so many great picture list that could become your enthusiasm and informational purpose ofPaint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture design ideas on your own collections. really is endless you are all enjoy and lastly can find the best picture from our collection that put up here and also use for suited needs for personal use. The Lagalaxyteamshop.com team also provides the picture in TOP QUALITY Resolution (HD Resolution) that may be downloaded by simply way.
You just have to go through the gallery below thePaint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture picture. We provide image Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture is comparable, because our website concentrate on this category, users can find their way easily and we show a straightforward theme to search for images that allow a customer to search, if your pictures are on our website and want to complain, you can record a issue by sending a contact can be acquired. The collection of images Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture that are elected immediately by the admin and with high res (HD) as well as facilitated to download images.
Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture has become the image we ascertained on the internet from reliable imagination. We constitute one mind to discourse this Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture picture on this webpage because predicated on conception via Google Image, Its one of the top reted questions keyword on Yahoo INTERNET SEARCH ENGINE. And that we also consider you came up here were looking because of this information, aren t You? From many options online were sure this pictures is actually a good image for you, and we sincerely really is endless you are pleased with with what we present.
All the images that appear are the pictures we collect from various media on the internet. If there is a picture that violates the rules or you want to give criticism and suggestions about Paint Colors For Living Rooms With Black Furniture please contact us on Contact Us page. Thanks.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Wine Credenza Awesome 183 Best Credenzas Buffets & Sideboards Images On Pinterest Release can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
I know it's kinda early for mentioning references to the yuletide season. But I can't help but be thankful for graces coming my way. After a spell of sad developments, disappointments and depression, things are turning around. Let me count the blessings...
- Got an email from Noel, a retired Fil-Am teacher living in Los Angeles who, through my Camiguin blogposts, was able to take a sentimental journey he's dreaming to take -- to trace his maternal roots. Wow! That one really humbled me because I never knew how far-reaching my blogging and flickring were;
- And last night, at the MFPI (my mountaineering federation) meeting, I am again humbled in finding peers who somehow look up to me. Truth to tell, in a very short time, I've found a big bunch of friends who share my passion for the mountains even though most of them are terribly younger than I am. While I regret not having enough time to share with old friends (hopefully I would make amends during the Christmas season), I'm very glad I finally took up serious climbing this year (blame it probably to the fact that I'm tired of seeing Travel Time instead of living it).
Shabu Shabu - finest thinly sliced beef and vegetables dipping into a steaming hot broth with peanuts sesame sauce, sweet and sour sauce, etc. for 2 persons
Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto, commander of Combined Fleet, transferred headquarters to Rabaul for Operation I-Go.
2-1-202 was flown by a wingman of carrier Junyo. Solomon islands, during I-GO operation, April 1943. This plane shows two vertical red bands that means when Junyo was second carrier of 2nd division.
Beginning with the I-Go Operation in April 1943, photos indicate that the aircraft of either of the two carrier divisions assigned to temporary duty in the Solomon islands over painted both the A prefix in their tail codes and the fuselage vertical bands in some aircraft.
The Allies now possessed the initiative in New Guinea and among the Solomons. Their supremacy rested upon their air superiority, due not so much to the quality of material as to the tactics forced upon AirSols by the aggressive Japanese, whose losses in actual combat were far exceeded by the losses involved in all-weather flying at great ranges from their bases. While many American aviators were rescued, or were even able to regain their bases in damaged aircraft, damaged Japanese aircraft were less often able to return the 350 to 650 miles to Buin, Buka or Rabaul, and their chances of rescue after a forced landing were slim.
With the departure of the IJAAF fighters from Rabaul, only the IJNAF’s 11th Air Fleet remained to provide aircraft for the South-West Pacific area. The backbone of the force was made up by eighty-six A6Ms and seventy-two G4M ‘Bettys’, supported by lesser numbers of D3As and B5Ns. The Japanese Army had given up its offensive in New Guinea, but was now intending to stabilise a deteriorating situation by strengthening existing garrisons. At the same time, concern was felt about the American intentions out in the Solomons. To carry the necessary New Guinea movements and to check the Solomons build-up it was clear that temporary air superiority would have to be achieved over both areas. As the IJAAF Staff were intransigent over the matter of providing air units, the IJNAF would have to find aircraft from its own resources.
Only one source was immediately available. The Air Flotillas in the East Indies, Marianas and on Formosa had all had their most experienced personnel siphoned off for the 11th Air Fleet, and only the air groups of the First Carrier Division, Zuikaku, Shokaku and Zuiho, could provide a balanced reinforcement. The groups had been trained after the Battle of Santa Cruz and were only just attaining the level of expertise necessary to engage the American carriers, so that there was considerable opposition from the Combined Fleet (Admiral I. Yamamoto) and the Third Fleet (the operational carriers) commanded by Vice Admiral T. Ozawa, who had relieved Vice Admiral Nagumo in November 1942. The disaster in the Bismarck Sea forced the IJN to take the first fatal step at the end of March 1943, and by 1 April 161 A6Ms and D3As and a score of B5Ns had arrived at Rabaul, Buka, Ballale and Kahili. The dive-bombers and torpedo-bombers were on the Bougainville airfields to bring them within range of Guadalcanal, but the ‘Zeros’ had sufficient range to accompany the ‘Bettys’ all the way from Rabaul to the targets in New Guinea and the Solomons.
Operation PA, as the Solomons neutralisation was codenamed, started on 1 April 1943, with a sweep by fifty-eight A6Ms of the 11th Air Fleet. These aircraft were supposed to inflict maximum casualties upon any American fighters found airborne, but over the Russell Islands they were met by a mixed force of forty-one USMC F4F Wildcats, USAAF Lockheed P-38 Lightnings and USMC F4U-1 Corsairs, the last based at Henderson Field since mid-February. Only six of the defending fighters were lost, but Japanese losses from all causes amounted to eighteen, nearly a third of the force, while the returning pilots made extravagant claims.
The disembarked carrier aircraft were not ready for their first attack until 7 April, when eighty-nine fighters and forty-nine dive-bombers, reinforced by twenty-one fighters and eighteen dive-bombers of the 11th Air Fleet, rendezvoused over Kahili and made for Guadalcanal to attack shipping. The Japanese had chosen a good day for their strike, for there were some forty worthwhile targets in Lunga Roads. Coastwatchers gave ample warning of the approach of the raid, for three hours elapsed between the first report and the development of the attack, which was carried out in a series of waves.
Seventy-six American fighters intercepted, but of these only twenty went for the sixty-seven ‘Vals’, which, not surprisingly, broke through and attacked the ships. A Royal New Zealand Navy A/S trawler was sunk in Tulagi harbour, as were an oiler and a destroyer. The only other damage was to the hulk of a previous casualty, in use as a fuelling wharf. A dozen or so ‘Vals’ were shot down by fighters and the ships’ AA fire, as well as nine of the escorting A6Ms; the American fighters had claimed twenty-seven. The Japanese aircrew who returned overclaimed once again, to the extent that Admiral Yamamoto, who was directing the ‘I’ Operation, believed that the strike had achieved a major success, drawing the teeth of AirSols and weakening Allied merchant and warship potential for some while to come. In fact the fighters defending Lunga Roads had lost only seven of their number, and all but one of the pilots had been recovered.
With Guadalcanal neutralised to his satisfaction, Admiral Yamamoto switched his aircraft to the New Guinea combat zone. On 11, 12 and 14 April no fewer than 456 sorties were flown against Allied transports in Oro Bay, near Buna, and in Milne Bay, and against the Port Moresby airfields. These raids, four altogether, sank one ship and damaged five others: five USAAF and RAAF fighters were shot down, and the IJNAF lost eighteen aircraft. With air reports of a substantial victory, amounting to three warships and twenty-five transports sunk and many others damaged, and 175 Allied aircraft shot down, Admiral Yamamoto decided that the ‘I’ Operation had achieved its aim by 16 April, and it was terminated. A few days later the carrier air groups flew out to Truk, less the thirty aircraft lost during their five strikes. On 18 April, shortly before their departure, they had been standing by at Kahili awaiting a review by Admiral Yamamoto. The USN had learnt of this visit before the Japanese at Kahili, and with the USAAF achieved a masterpiece of intelligence gathering, planning and, literally, execution. Eighteeen P-38s of the 339th Fighter Squadron, USAAF, met Yamamoto’s ‘Betty’ and its escort a few miles short of Kahili and the chosen marksman, Captain Thomas Lanphier, destroyed not only the C-in-C’s aircraft, but also a second ‘Betty’ carrying members of his staff. The loss to the IJN was incalculable, for Admiral Yamamoto had been the only flag officer with experience and expertise enough to direct a holding campaign against the growing strength of the USN. Admiral M. Koga, his successor, was a competent commander, but he had had virtually no sea experience during the war so far, and as yet he was unable to command the respect which had been earned by Yamamoto. Morale was sagging, particularly in the Rabaul area, and his death occurred at an inopportune moment, with the Allies preparing for their next amphibious leap.
The use of CarDiv 1’s aircraft from shore bases had been moderately successful. The losses, some 15 per cent of the aircraft sent to the Solomons, had not been excessive in view of the results claimed. A precedent had been set for the use of carrier groups in land-based operations. The premises upon which subsequent deployments were based were false, and the Japanese carrier fleet’s effectiveness suffered accordingly.
On 17 May 1943 Admiral W. F. Halsey’s Third Fleet in the South-West Pacific was reinforced by the arrival of HMS Victorious and the battleship North Carolina. The carrier had been despatched from Pearl Harbor to join Saratoga in providing distant cover for the forthcoming invasion of New Georgia, a 160-mile leap forward from Guadalcanal, and one which was expected to be resisted bitterly by the enemy.
The Japanese had built airfields on New Georgia Island and Kolombangara Island towards the end of 1942, and IJNAF aircraft had been based there, to strike at Guadalcanal and to protect warships in the ‘Slot’. However, repeated attacks by AirSols had forced their withdrawal as a permanent force, and Munda and Vila airfields were used mainly for staging aircraft based at Rabaul, Buka and the Bougainville airfields. In April 1943, following the withdrawal of CarDiv 1’s aircraft, the IJAAF had been obliged to despatch more aircraft to the Solomons, about sixty in all, most of which were sent forward to Munda. Losses were made good to a very limited extent: replacements arrived at Truk in some numbers, but the extended flight from Truk to Rabaul led to some remarkable non-combat casualty statistics, particularly among the IJAAF aircrew. Up to April 1943 some 6 to 7 per cent of aircraft on ferry sorties failed to arrive, but thereafter the loss rate rose to about 25 per cent for IJNAF aircraft, and in June only two out of one flight of twenty-four IJAAF aircraft reached Rabaul.
At the beginning of June 1943 the IJNAF 11th Air Fleet and the IJAAF 4th Air Army possessed approximately 280 aircraft for operations, nearly 100 of which were G4Ms. On the 10th half-a-dozen of these ‘Bettys’ attacked a convoy bound for Guadalcanal to the southeast of the island. All important shipping movements to and from Guadalcanal had been accompanied by one or more of the escort carriers based on Noumea, and on this occasion Suwanee was in company. Good warning of the raid had been given by the coastwatchers, and the USMC Corsair patrols from Henderson Field shot down all six of the torpedo-bombers before they could close the CVE, their primary target. Aware of Allied interest in New Georgia, and that a major operation was forthcoming, the 11th Air Fleet made a determined attempt to destroy this convoy, first by a night torpedo attack on 10/11 June, and then at midday on 11th, as the ships were entering Lunga Roads. The night attack, by eighteen G4Ms, was evaded, the ships manouevring to force the aircraft to drop their torpedoes from unfavourable positions, and the day attack caused the loss of only one ship. Twenty-four bombers and up to seventy-two A6Ms took part in the daylight raid, and of the former only one returned to Rabaul. Further attacks during the month added nothing to the Allies’ casualty lists but cost the Japanese more aircraft than they could afford; 138 IJNAF aircraft were lost during the month, together with their crews. With a further forty IJAAF aircraft lost, and the high level of non-combat losses, further urgent reinforcements were required, over and above replacements.
For the second time the only source of reserve strength was the carrier fleet, the Third Fleet, and CarDiv 2 was selected to provide their air groups. Less well trained than those of CarDiv 1, they would still be superior to the inexperienced crews arriving as normal replacements. The move was delayed by the torpedoing of Hiyo, hit by one torpedo from the submarine Trigger during the night of 10/11 June. The attack took place fairly close to Yokosuka, a major naval dockyard, so that the problems of immediate salvage and repair were much simplified for the Japanese. Junyo and Ryuho had to embark Hiyo’s aircraft for delivery to Truk, and the short delay which was thus occasioned prevented the 150 A6Ms, D3As and B5Ns from arriving at Rabaul until the invasion of New Georgia was well under way.
For Operation Toenail, the New Georgia landings, Admiral Halsey’s naval forces included three CVEs and two fast carriers. These were to take no direct part in the assault, for with 258 fighters and fighter-bombers and 193 SBDs and TBFs AirSols had sufficient aircraft to provide fighter cover for the transports and the beach-heads, as well as close support and strikes on pre-briefed targets. In point of fact, the distance between the target area and the Russell Islands, the nearest fighter bases, was rather too great (175 miles) and imposed great strain on the pilots. A thirty-two-strong fighter patrol was programmed for daylight hours, for which ninety-six aircraft would be required out of the serviceable total of 213. Losses would reduce the pool required for strike escort and local defence tasks from Guadalcanal to New Georgia. Saratoga and Victorious possessed seventy-two F4F-4s and Martlet IVs (F4F-4Bs) between them, and there were another three dozen aboard the escort carriers. With deductions for self-defence the carriers could have provided another fifty to sixty aircraft for short periods, provided that they themselves were not attacked. The USN had no illusions of complete naval/air superiority, however, in spite of the enemy’s huge losses in June, and the carriers were held back, the fast carriers in company with three fast battleships to cover against an attempt by their Japanese opposite numbers against the invasion shipping. Sangamon, Suwanee and Chenango, with two old battleships, formed a reserve force whose main task was the protection of shipping between Espiritu Santo and Guadalcanal, but which could also fight a delaying action against a Japanese force attempting to break into the Coral Sea by the improbable eastern approach route.
The first landings on New Georgia took place at the eastern end of the island on 21 June 1943. Segi Point was unoccupied by the enemy, and work started on a fighter strip at the end of the month. By 11 July it was ready for emergency operations. No support, other than that of the destroyer-transports which had put the Marines ashore, was provided at Segi Point, and Task Group 36.3, the heavy covering force, did not sail from Noumea until 27 June.
Victorious and Saratoga had exercised together during the earlier part of the month, and, after assessing the particular tactical virtues of the Royal Navy carrier, Rear Admiral D. C. Ramsey, flying his flag in Saratoga, proposed a partial exchange of aircraft between the two ships. Victorious ability to operate the TBF-1 was marginal, in spite of recent modification at Pearl Harbor, but her fighter direction organisation was far superior to that of Saratoga. The advantages of each carrier being responsible for a single task were obvious, so all the TBFs of 832 Squadron were transferred to Saratoga, and twenty-four F4F-4s of the latter’s VF-3 joined the thirty-six Martlets of 882, 896 and 898 Squadrons aboard Victorious. The American carrier retained twelve Wildcats for strike escort and her own selfdefence. Planning, briefing and tactical co-ordination were thus much simplified, and the arrangement whereby one carrier was tasked with defence and the other with search and strike was near to the ideal. How effective the pair might have been in combat was never established, for although TG 36.3 remained at sea for 28 days during Toenail, the circumstances for its direct involvement did not arise.
Landings were made on Rendova Island and two small islands to the east of Munda on 30 June, the first assault on New Georgia Island itself being made on 2 July. Not until mid-afternoon on the first day did 11th Air Fleet aircraft press home an attack, when two dozen G4Ms attacked the transports in the Rendova anchorage, sinking the amphibious headquarters ship McCawley at the cost of all the aircraft which took part. An hour later a similar number of D3As appeared from Kahili, but these concentrated their attentions on the hulk of the HQ ship, scored no hits and lost heavily. Although A6Ms and a few IJAAF aircraft made hit-and-run attacks, these too achieved little at considerable cost.
The pattern was repeated on the next day (1 July), but after losing over sixty aircraft in the two days the Japanese were obliged to slacken their air effort until sufficient aircraft could be made serviceable for another onslaught. By the end of July the IJNAF had lost over 300 aircraft, in combat and through operational causes, during the ‘Munda campaign’.
The IJN faced another Guadalcanal-type problem. Supplies and reinforcements had to be brought from Rabaul and Bougainville in the face of strong Allied opposition, but without a carrier fleet strong enough to challenge the USN’s the scale of the earlier ‘Tokyo Express’ could not be repeated, even if the IJN had possessed sufficient destroyers for use as transports, and the heavy cruisers to cover them. Nevertheless, Japanese destroyers and landing barges did make a number of runs from Shortland Islands to New Georgia and Kolombangara, succeeding in passing undetected on the first occasion, but encountering opposition on four subsequent occasions. The Battles of Kula Gulf (6 July), Kolombangara (13 July), Vella Gulf (6/7 August) and Vella Lavella (17-18 August) in many ways repeated the pattern of battles around Savo Island during the last four months of 1942, with the Japanese destroyer torpedo’s long range inflicting casualties on opposing radar-equipped cruiser groups. The USN and RNZN, with considerable advantages in detection, communications and gunnery, lost one cruiser outright and another three badly damaged, as well as one destroyer sunk, while the Japanese lost an old light cruiser and four destroyers. Most of the troops carried were landed at or near their intended destinations.
AirSols attacked the Buin-Kahili-Shortlands assembly area for the reinforcement runs, TBFs and SBDs being supported by USAAF B-17s, B-24s and B-25s. Air support in the Munda area was provided by the naval and USMC attack aircraft, as many as 105 TBFs and SBDs taking part in a single raid. Strong fighter escorts were provided for the 130 strikes delivered during the five-week campaign, with up to 114 Corsairs, Wildcats, Lightnings and Curtiss P-40 Warhawks at a time to swamp the intercepting ‘Zeros’. Many Japanese warships and transport craft were damaged, including the heavy cruiser Kumano, and four destroyers and the seaplane carrier Nisshin were sunk by the strikes.
The CVEs covered their convoys without incident. The 11th Air Fleet was sufficiently occupied with events closer to Rabaul, and such submarines as were in the Solomons were being used as transports or to attempt the disruption of shipping around New Georgia. The covering position of TG 36.3 was 360 miles to the south of Guadalcanal (550 miles to the south of Munda at the western limit of the patrol line), but six sweeps were made to the north to within 250 miles of New Georgia. These pushes were preceded by TBF and SBD searches out to 230 miles from the carriers, and it was during one such sortie that the Task Group made its only contact with the enemy, an SBD of VB-3 sighting and attacking a G4M 60 miles to the northwest of the ships. The covering force returned to Noumea on 25 July. The Munda airfield had not yet been captured, but the beach-head was secure and it was clear that the main strength of the Japanese fleet was not going to be committed to the campaign.
The operations off New Georgia were the last extended carrier deployment during the Solomons campaign. Once the airfields at Segi Point and Munda had been developed, Rabaul was within comfortable fighter and dive-bomber range of AirSols. The US Fifth Air Force in New Guinea and Australia was already attacking in strength with its heavy and medium bombers. Japanese air and shipping losses continued to mount, and although the arrival of CarDiv 2’s 150 aircraft brought a temporary stiffening to the 11th Air Fleet in mid-August, this was counterbalanced by the complete withdrawal of the IJAAF component in the area. The occupation of Vella Lavella Island, between the New Georgia group and Bougainville, at the beginning of September provoked strong reaction from the 11th Air Fleet, as a result of which the Buin-based CarDiv 2 air groups suffered heavily and were forced to withdraw to Rabaul to re-form. During the same month Allied troops landed at Lae and Finschafen in New Guinea, and the remaining Japanese air effort had to be divided between the two fronts, with consequent heavy attrition. By early October 1943 it was clear that the last IJNAF reserves would have to be committed if the steady advance on Rabaul was to be checked, let alone stopped. CarDiv 2, Junyo and Ryuho, had been unable to train new air groups as they had been almost continuously engaged in ferrying replacement aircraft from the Home Islands to Truk since sending their own to Rabaul in early August, so CarDiv 1 was obliged to give up its trained crews for the second time in eight months. The IJN could have hardly chosen a less appropriate moment to emasculate its carrier force.
During early 1942, the enemy gradually strengthened its air forces in south China, especially around Hengyang and K'weilin. Also, aerial pictures taken by the 1st Air Brigade in late March showed that the runways on Chuhsien, Lishui and Yushan airfields had been increased from 700 meters to 1,500 meters; that ammunition and fuel were gradually being accumulated and that additional installations were being built. Furthermore, an airfield had been constructed at Chienou. This work was carried out under the protection of fighters that flew almost daily from Hengyang and Kweilin.
In early April, the 1st Air Brigade (using about 50 planes, including fighters and reconnaissance planes) attacked and destroyed a newly built enemy airfield in the Chekiang sector, destroying the runways and the majority of installations. Although the Brigade repeated these attacks again and again, each time the enemy succeeded in rebuilding the field.
Imperial General Headquarters foreseeing that airfields in the Chekiang area could be used to advantage by the enemy as terminals in raids against Japan from air bases and carriers in the Pacific, as well as from other bases on continental China, ordered the China Expeditionary Army to destroy enemy air bases in the Chekiang area.
On 16 April, Imperial General Headquarters drafted an operation-al plan, an extract from which read:
Objective: The primary mission will be to defeat the enemy in the Chekiang area and to destroy the air bases from which the enemy might conduct aerial raids on the Japanese Homeland.
It further stated that the new enemy airfields and their attach-ed installations were being skilfully camouflaged and decentralized and that they should be sought out and destroyed. On 20 April, a further directive was issued stating:
The Air Forces of the United States, Britain and China will seek bases in China from which to bomb Japan. They may also attempt to carryout air raids on Japan from Midway, Morell, the Aleutians and from aircraft carriers, in which event the logical terminal would be airfields in Chekiang Province.
Air and ground units will be employed to capture and secure airfields in the vicinity of Lishui, Chuhsien and Yushan. Other airstrips in Chekiang Province will be neutralized by our air units at an opportune time.
Consideration will be given as to whether certain air bases, together with the accompanying military installations and important lines of communication, will be destroyed completely or whether they will be occupied for a certain period of time.
In order to reinforce the 1st Air Brigade during its attacks against the airfields in Chekiang Province, in early April the Southern Army was directed to send the 62d Air Regiment (28 heavy bombers)and the 90th Air Regiment (20 light bombers) to central China.
On 30 April, Imperial General Headquarters ordered the Chekiang-Kiangsi Operation to be undertaken at the earliest possible date. The operation proceeded smoothly with the 1st Air Brigade cooperating with the ground units when required. Not only did the Brigade sup-port the ground forces by bombing the opposing forces but its reconnaissance planes greatly assisted the operation by supplying information in regard to enemy ground movements, positions and strength.
Subsequent to the occupation of the captured areas, by mid-August units of the 13th Army had destroyed the Yushan, Chuhsien and Lishui airfields. The enemy, however, continued to reinforce their air force around Hengyang and Kweilin and, with the withdrawal of the Eleventh and Thirteenth Armies, it was feared that using air-fields in Kiangsi and western Chekiang Provinces as staging areas, they would bomb the Homeland. The 1st Air Brigade, therefore, in spite of the fact that its fighting strength was gradually diminishing, repeatedly attacked and damaged airfields in this area.
By 16 June photographs showed that aircraft at Rabaul had increased to 245; the subsidiary ‘ring’ airfields were also full of planes. There followed the single largest air battle of the entire Solomon Islands Campaign; 120 Japanese aircraft went up against 104 defenders in a dogfight over Savo Island, Tulagi and Cape Esperance. The Allies scored a remarkable one-sided victory with 49 Zeros and 32 dive-bombers, 81 planes in aggregate, downed for the loss of just 6 aircraft. While the Japanese were still able to commit large forces to the battle, the victory on 16 June continued the pattern of an increasingly one-sided battle for air supremacy. From April to early June 1943 the ratio of the Allies’ kills-to-losses averaged about 3:1; on 12 June the Allies scored a 5:1 victory and ten days later the win ratio jumped yet again to 13:1. What was happening?
A 3:1 win:loss ratio for the Allies was already a substantial advantage that spoke volumes about the advances made by Allied equipment as well as the quality of their pilots in the first half of 1943. By comparison at the start of the war Japanese Naval and Military Air Forces had overwhelmed the Allies throughout the Asia-Pacific Region, often winning air battles by ratios of 10:1 or more. In the first half of 1943 the Commander of Air Forces in the Solomons (COMAIRSOL) had already achieved a startling turnaround in performance. From the middle of June 1943 there was another huge leg up in comparative performance of Allied fighter forces. As with Lieutenant-General Kenney’s remarkable victory at the Battle of the Bismarck Sea, it seems that a number of disparate factors had led to a tipping point moment. The gradual erosion of the Guadalcanal Campaign was putting increasing pressure, not so much on the availability of aircraft, but on the availability of trained pilots. It was systematic of the entire structure of the Imperial Japanese General Staff that war was planned as a short-term project with the emphasis on attack. The Japanese Navy, even more than the Imperial Japanese Army, was particularly unprepared for a war of attrition; their psychology, inherited from their great victory at the Battle of Tsushima, was to focus energy and resources on the winning of a single transformative engagement rather than planning for a long war.
The Japanese Navy was not only failing to train enough pilots, it was also failing to protect them. It is instructive to consider that very few US pilots died when their planes were shot down. In part it was because, unlike their Japanese counterparts, US fighters had better armored cockpits. Moreover without self-sealing fuel lines, Japanese Zero frequently blew up when hit by tracer bullets, killing the pilot instantly. When US pilots ditched or parachuted into the sea, the US Navy had a well-organized search and recovery capability. The Japanese Navy did not. Advantageously most of the dogfights in the April–June 1943 period took place closer to US held areas. US pilots were also better conditioned, with rotation and rest and recreation (R&R) built into the whole logistic framework of the various forces operating under COMAIRSOL.
New Japanese fighters also had to face a multiplicity of challenges given the diversity in capability of the six types of Allied fighter planes with which they were likely to engage. By contrast US pilots in the South Pacific only had to develop tactics to combat the Zero. On 28 March 1944, the US Flight Test Engineering Branch concluded after testing a captured Mitsubishi Zero, “The airplane is highly maneuverable, has a fair rate of climb, and good visibility; however, its speed in level flight is low, it is lightly armed, has no armor protection for the pilot, and the fuel tanks are not self sealing. The cockpit layout is fair, leg-room is insufficient for an average sized man …” The Zero had abundant good qualities; it was reliable, had an extraordinarily long range, and was, above all, maneuverable and easy to fly. Even with the swathe of more advanced US fighters now arriving in the South Pacific, it was not wise to get into a prolonged dogfight with a Zero.
Nonetheless, Allied pilots learned to exploit the Zero’s weaknesses. Allied fighters with a superior ‘ceiling’ capability would look to swoop down on a Zero and then skedaddle before the enemy fighter could make his better maneuverability count. By shooting and then diving, US pilots realized that their Japanese counterparts could not follow because of poorer diving speeds. Moreover by working in teams US pilots learned to thwart the Zero’s superior maneuverability in dogfights.
In Tokyo the developing catastrophe in the air was being hidden from senior commanders. Although losses were heavy, Japanese crews were reporting massively inflated results for transport ships sunk and enemy ‘kills’. On 14 April 1943 Yamamoto ordered a two-pronged force, codenamed Y-1 and Y-2, consisting of 75 fighters and 23 dive-bombers from the Third Fleet (Y-1) along with the 11th Air Fleet’s 54 fighters and 44 medium bombers (Y-2), to make a major attack on Milne Bay, which had become an important logistical center for the Allied advance in New Guinea and the Solomons.
Japanese pilots claimed to have shot down forty-four Allied aircraft. In fact Allied losses amounted to a single P-40 and its pilot killed; four others were shot up and a P-38 crash-landed. Similarly exaggerated claims were made for ships sunk. Supposedly four transports had been sunk and six others heavily damaged. The reality was that only one ship was heavily damaged out of the three that received hits. Admiral Ugaki noted happily in his diary, “Today’s operations of Y-1 and Y-2 a great success. Congratulations! But at the same time our losses gradually increased too. This was natural.” On this occasion the loss of eight Japanese aircraft was far from a disaster but the action reports of Japanese crews were far from ‘natural.’ Ultimately the gross misinformation provided by both Army and Navy aircrews prevented their commanders from taking realistic action to change tactics, attempt to upgrade equipment and training, or take other measures to improve results.
Japan’s senior commanders were not the only ones deluded in the performance of their aircrews. The Naval General Staff, after briefing Emperor Hirohito on the superb performance of Operations Y-1 and Y-2, sent Admiral Ugaki a message from His Majesty with the pleasing words then recorded in his diary, “… convey my satisfaction to the Commander in Chief, Combined Fleet, and tell him to enlarge the war result more than ever.”
By October 1943 it had become clear that the air battle over the Solomon Islands was taking its toll on the Japanese Navy Air Force (JNAF). An American intelligence report written in that month noted that Japanese pilots made glaring tactical mistakes, unnecessarily exposed themselves to gunfire, got separated and lost mutual support, and at times seemed to be completely bewildered. Both bomber and fighter pilots ceased to display the aggressiveness that marked their earlier combat. Bombers ceased to penetrate to their targets in the face of heavy fire, as they had formerly done; they jettisoned bombs, attacked outlying destroyers, gave up attempts on massed transports in the center of a formation. Fighters broke off their attacks on Allied heavy and medium bombers before getting within effective range, and often showed a marked distaste for close-in contest with Allied fighters.
Some Japanese officers were also becoming aware of deficiencies in the performance of the JNAF. Commander Ryosuke Nomura, who took over the role of air operations officer at Rabaul in 1943, became acutely aware of a decline in pilots performance. He attributed this to America’s better aircraft, an inability to sustain a high level of maintenance of their own equipment, and a decline in the experience and quality of available pilots. By the beginning of 1943 the number of experienced pilots, normally defined as having more than 600 hours flying, had fallen by 25 percent from its peak and in February the tipping point was reached, which saw pilots with between 300 to 600 hours outnumbering experienced pilots for the first time.
Within several months the JNAF would be sending pilots into battle with less than 200 hours flying time. These new pilots were not only disadvantaged in combat but also in the seeming basic task of preserving their equipment. In February 1943, operational losses of aircraft began to significantly exceed combat losses; 161 were lost on take-off, flight or landing mishaps while 104 were shot down by enemy action. The high command of the JNAF either seemed unaware of the need for rotational relief or simply did not have the resources to provide it. Combat flying is an exhausting and high stress activity and many experienced Japanese pilots must have perished because their levels of concentration collapsed. In the JNAF, pilots literally flew until they dropped.
In June 1944, IJN Taihō, the only Imperial Japanese Navy aircraft carrier then large enough to operate the B7A Ryusei in its intended role, was sunk during the Battle of the Philippine Sea before enough B7As were even available to embark. Thereafter, the B7A was relegated to operating from land bases, primarily with the Yokosuka and 752nd Air Groups. The Japanese completed only one other carrier capable of operating the B7A, IJN Shinano, but she was sunk by an American submarine.
I believe there are some minor differences in the cowling and exhausts because of the difference in the two versions engines.
According to Francillon, just 9 B7A1s were built. I have a picture of one with tail marking "Ko-B7-7", so this was presumably the 7th built, and it has a retractable tailwheel. I have not found any pictures purporting to be of B7A1s in service, and all in service seem to have had the fixed tailwheel.
The B7A1 was overweight and there were also structural problems in the wings. The wing internal structure was totally redesigned among other things, so there may be differences in panel arrangements.
According to Francillon, the only differences were a slightly improved engine version, and replacement of the rear 7.92mm gun with a 13.0mm.
The same two engine models were used interchangeably in the Ki-84 I (Ha[45]11 and Ha[45]12) with no alteration in outward appearance.
The four 'dusk' patrol Hellcats from the 1844 NAS detachment embarked in Formidable were airborne at the time, and they were quickly vectored onto a quartet of Aichi B7A 'Grace' torpedo-bombers flying at 20,000 ft on a heading for the ships. The Hellcats, flown by Sub Lts Atkinson, Foster, Mackie and Taylor, made short work of the rarely seen B7As, as is described in the official Royal Canadian Navy history;
'During his attachment to Formidable, Atkinson achieved a rare distinction on the night of 25 July. Four Hellcats were scrambled on a night combat air patrol. These were conventional Hellcat IIs without radar, but their pilots had been trained in night flying. Shortly after assuming patrol, incoming Japan- ese aircraft were detected. Two Hellcats were forced to return to the carrier unserviceable. Sub Lt Atkinson assumed the lead of the remaining two Hellcats and was vectored out on an intercepting course.
'Under a full moon, Atkinson identified the bandits as big, single-engined "Grace" torpedo-bombers, and took his New Zealand wingman, Sub Lt R F Mackie, into the attack. Atkinson latched onto a pair of "Graces" and shot them both into the water, while Mackie dumped the third. Then, in routing the other bandits, a fourth "Grace" went down and the enemy attack was completely broken up.
An intact and unused cockpit canopy discovered in Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan, has been conf rmed as an Aichi B7A Ryusei (Shooting Star) torpedo/dive- bomber. It is generally believed to be the only known part of the aircraft type, which was also used in kamikaze attacks, to exist in Japan. A spokesman from the local industrial heritage study group, said: "The canopy has historical value as it shows Japan's aeronautical industry heritage and conveys the tragic reality of war."
The Ryusei, which served the Imperial Japanese Navy, is sometimes referred to as the 'last suicide attack plane' because naval records show that two Ryusei aircraft departed on kamikaze missions on August 15, 1945, the day Japan surrendered to the Allies. Ryusei production began in April 1944 and its cockpit canopies were manufactured in Yatsushiro, Kumamoto Prefecture. Around 110 Ryusei aircraft were completed. The relic is considered a precious historical record because most Japanese wartime equipment was destroyed. The only remaining Ryusei is at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC.
Prokhorovka Melee I - Soviet and German deployments near Prokhorovka on the eve of the engagement of 12 July. The blue dashed line shows the frontline positions of the divisions...
Mitch Williamson is a technical writer with an interest in military and naval affairs. He has published articles in Cross & Cockade International and Wartime magazines. He was research associate for the Bio-history Cross in the Sky, a book about Charles 'Moth' Eaton's career, in collaboration with the flier's son, Dr Charles S. Eaton. He also assisted in picture research for John Burton's Fortnight of Infamy. Mitch is now publishing on the WWW various specialist websites combined with custom website design work.
The Gero-onsen Hot Spring in rich nature, located in the center part of Honshu, has been known as a healing hot spring since the 10th century and has welcomed a number of visitors. It is considered one of the three best hot springs in Japan, and is effective for treating rheumatism, impaired motor function, and nervous disease and relieving fatigue. The hot spring is also nicknamed the "Hot Spring for the Beauty," because of the smooth touch of water. Footbaths are spotted in the town, which you can enjoy while strolling, free of charge.
In mid-summer, the Gero-onsen-matsuri Festival is held for three days, where you can enjoy watching the fire festival with five dragons vigorously strolling, a portable shrine carried by women 'geisha,' as well as a samba parade. The festival ends with fireworks.
Sasara is an antique inn and popular among female guests. The Sasara building was renewed in August 2004 for its eighth anniversary and the hotel interior was remodeled. There are 12 types of guest rooms that have an open-air bath in the room.
Gero- Spa Yamagataya is located along the Hida River, a river passing through the heart of Gero Onsen Resort. Guest rooms provide wonderful views and the hotel is fully equipped with open-air bath and main communal baths.
Ogawayaa is a Japanese style ryokan with a large main bath and open-air bath, located in the center of Gero Onsen Resort along the Hida River. The motto is to welcome guests Japanese-style providing a relaxing and comfortable space.
Suimeikan is a Japanese-style ryokan located along the Hida River at Gero Hot Spring Resort.The ryokan has a beautiful garden and surrounded by pristine nature over eight acres.
The hotel is located right in front of JR Mino-Ota Station. This is a tourist hub of Gifu and Tono (eastern Mino) area. The hotel offers large communal baths, saunas and cold-water baths.
All guest rooms are equipped with Internet connection. A large communal bath are available for men and women respectively. The hotel provides the guests with free breakfast buffet and free parking lots. The hotel has banquet rooms and conference rooms.
The main building of Yunoshimakan is a rare wooden structure while Gorakukan is a Western style construction creating a unique luxurious space. This is a hotel you'll want to stay once again.
Guests at the Hotel Kusakabe Armeria take away memories of embracing the greenery and crisp air from cozy private guest room balconies, a hotel cable car overlooking the onsen district, and star gazing as you soak in open-air cypress baths.
The Bosenkan welcomes guests with its magnificent Japanese 1 acre garden. Once you come into the lobby, please relax in the calm and quiet atmosphere and enjoy the scenery with the picturesque view of the river and mountains.
Gero Kanko Hotel is located on a hill and commands superb views of Gero hot spring resort. The hotel is blessed with nature and a clear stream flows through the site. The cuisine is served using fresh local ingredients.
Yumotokan is an excellent Japanese-style ryokan in Gero hot spring resort which boasts 100% hot spring water from the source. The dishes served change with the season ensuring only the freshest ingredients are used.
Beka World Geography 9th Grade read online and download free premium beka world geography 9th grade ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
Fmcsa Test Questions read online and download free premium fmcsa test questions ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
Grade 12 Final Exam Timetable 2014 read online and download free premium grade 12 final exam timetable 2014 ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
Integrated Chinese Workbook Third Edition Answer Key read online and download free premium integrated chinese workbook third edition answer key ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
Inside Coma A New View Of Awareness Healing And Hope read online and download free premium inside coma a new view of awareness healing and hope ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
Summary: This is a solution to the Free Code Camp (FCC) advanced front-end development project task to create a Javascript calculator.
Notes: This is one of the advanced challenges included in the FCC Front-End Web Developer certification course. The requirement was to build a web application that gave the user a representation of a simple, working, hand-held calculator.
Deep Clear is a spin-off of both Kodocha, and Honey Bitter, both written by that same author, Miho Obana. This centers around Sana working as an actress in the future at age 26. Sana is working on a show that requires her to act as a detective, leading her to go the detective agency in Honey Bitter.
It's shown that Akito and Sana (now 26-years-old) are married and expecting their first child. However, Akito and Sana are experiencing some relationship problems--recently, Akito has recently left Sana, feeling that it's better if they divorce instead of raising the child together.
A pregnant-Sana asks Shuri for help on finding her husband, and it turns out that it's not that Akito doesn't want to raise a child with Sana--he's just really scared and worried that something might happen to her like what happened to his own mother.
When Sana gives birth, Shuri convinces Akito to face his fears by going to the hospital and seeing Sana and the baby. Sana gives birth to a daughter whom she names after Sari. After their daughter's birth, Sana and Akito reconcile and begin raising their daughter together.
Totally unique properties on Langkawi's west coast, Bon Ton and Temple Tree must be seen to be believed.
Heading North up Pantai Chenang from Chenang Beach on the island’s west coast sit magical Bon Ton and Temple Tree resorts. The former is literally a series of antique stilted fisherman’s homes, reconstructed on the property and beautifully decorated by one of the owners. Temple Tree, right next door, is a series of charming and lovingly-restored houses from across Malaysia, Singapore and China, that have been taken down in their original location and rebuilt. ‘Black and White’ house, for example, has an entire wall of multi-coloured glass, while ‘Penang’ house is a delightful, green-hued space with lapping wooden ceiling fans and a view of the pool; no two spaces are alike.
Nam restaurant has a Laksa (Malay soup,) the likes of which you’ll never find again; it makes eating there everyday worthwhile. Staff are happy to babysit at very short notice so you can always head out spontaneously or, if you prefer to stay on site, cocktails and tapas on the sunset deck are a must.
The delightful owners also have an animal sanctuary adjacent to the property, which results in lots of cats roaming around the property. Children (and many adults) adore them and they are extremely friendly. There are children’s films for rent, as well as games and pool toys. Nam restaurant also has a children’s menu that offers delightful dishes like chicken satay or homemade lightly-fried local fish; certain houses have two bedrooms so work perfectly for families.
LINKS Welcome to Felipe Rodriguez Stock Photography & Prints, offering original stock photos by Felipe Rodriguez. All photographs displayed on this site may be purchased as stock photography or you may order prints.
alone, empty, line, loneliness, lonely, man, one, only, pattern, people, person, rank, row, seat, seats, single, sitting, solitude, stands
This is where you can store images for easy access at any time. Add a bunch and purchase together to get a bulk discount. To add an image to the lightbox just click the "Add to Lightbox" link beneath the image.
Royalty-Free; Rights Managed; what does all this mean? How you may license them for use on your web site or publication.
The demand in outdoor application has increased for high brightness LCDs due to its good visibility and ability operate in bright environment. High brightness performance provides excellent visibility for products used in outdoors or in a bright environment. FEMA offers Sunlight Readable displays in sizes ranging from 3.5" to 21.5" diagonal to address the growing demand for full color TFT displays which are viewable outdoors. FEMA achieves this by using transflective enhancement films, modifying the LED backlight brightness to reach 1000 cd/m2, and/or optically bonding the touch panel to the display In the event a touch panel is required, FEMA offers optical bonding of the touch panel which eliminates the gap between the display and touch panel. It is the existence of this air gap which introduces internal reflections and results in lower contrast and poor visibility in direct sunlight
Meet simsboro singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in simsboro. Adherents of islam in serbia are organized into two separate bodies: the islamic community in serbia subordinate to the islamic community of bosnia and herzegovina. Looking for asian muslim women or men local asian muslim dating service at idating4youcom find asian muslim singles register now for speed dating, use it.
Meet muslim swedish women for dating and find your true love at muslimacom sign up today and browse profiles of muslim swedish women muslim dating sweden. Simsboro's best 100% free muslim dating site meet thousands of single muslims in simsboro with mingle2's free muslim personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim men and women in simsboro is the perfect place to make muslim friends or find a muslim boyfriend or girlfriend in simsboro.
Shop the largest selection of men's swimwear at one of the biggest islamic clothing stores online, eastessence we stock only high quality and comfortable swimwears. Alabama women seeking men personals: all w4m m4w w4w m4m add a personals listing: today • don't pursue happiness - create it - (hartselle, al) - w4m.
Free muslim matrimonial site with profiles of thousands of muslim women and muslim men start your marriage off the halal way search [advanced search.
Muslim personals - sign up and you'll find single women and men who are looking for relationship an online dating is free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with singles living in your area. Buzzmuslim is the place for muslims from around the world who're looking for friends, dating or a life partner modern diverse free. Meet single muslim british men for dating and find your true love at muslimacom sign up today and browse profiles of single muslim british men for dating for free.
The term serb muslims (serbian: срби муслимани / srbi muslimani) it is used for the muslim population in the region of sandžak (serbia. Female muslim personals looking for muslim women browse the latest members below and you may just find your perfect date start. Love inshallah [goes] to a place where few, if any, books have gone before lesbians, co-wives, converts to islam, shia, sunni, black, brown and white: every voice is unique.
A visitor from Germany was critically injured and lost her right arm in an apparent shark attack Wednesday afternoon at a Makena beach in South Maui.
It was the fifth shark attack so far this year in Maui waters, where a jump in attacks was seen last year, and was the eighth attack this year statewide, according to the Department of Land and Natural Resources.
This puts the state on pace to top 2012’s record of 11, the most attacks in the past 12 years and more than twice the yearly average of 4.75 attacks.
The woman, about 20, was snorkeling at Palauea Beach, also known as White Rock, when beachgoers heard her cries for help.
“She screamed and called for help,” said Maui Fire Services Chief Lee Mainaga. Beachgoers went to the woman’s aid and brought her to shore in a kayak.
The woman had been snorkeling roughly 50 yards offshore when the apparent attack occurred. The water was choppy with limited visibility, the county said.
Responding firefighters administered first aid and cardiopulmonary resuscitation to the unconscious woman.
Maui County lifeguards worked with the Fire Department to fly a helicopter along the coastline to check for the presence of sharks, a Department of Land and Natural Resources spokeswoman said in an email.
They closed the shoreline 1 mile north to Mana Kai Maui Resort and 1 mile south to Makena Resort, Mainaga said. Officials said they will reassess the closure this morning.
DLNR has awarded a two-year, $186,000 contract to University of Hawaii shark researchers to study the spatial dynamics of tiger sharks around Maui.
DLNR education and outreach coordinator Laura Stevens had said that spear fishermen were reporting “increasing boldness of large sharks encountered in Maui waters.”
Tiger shark attacks are the most common, and the species is considered the most aggressive in Hawaii waters.
Most of the shark attacks in Hawaii waters do not, however, result in critical injuries, and fatalities are few. Perhaps the best known Hawaii shark attack survivor is surfer Bethany Hamilton, who lost her left arm in October 2003 off Haena, Kauai.
The last fatal attack was in April 2004, when 57-year-old Willis Mc­Innis was attacked by a tiger shark while surfing off Pohaku Park, Maui. He suffered a 14-inch bite wound in his right thigh and died of blood loss. That was the first fatal attack in more than 10 years here.
On Tuesday, a shark, estimated at roughly 10 to 12 feet long, bit an unmanned kiteboard at Kaa Point near Kahana Beach Park in Kahului. Morgan Flannery of San Francisco ditched her kiteboard a quarter-mile offshore after having trouble with it, swam to shore and watched as the shark attacked it.
At 8:15 a.m. July 31, a California woman, Evonne Cashman, was snorkeling about 125 yards offshore at Ulua Beach in Wailea when a shark attacked her in 10 feet of turbid water.
She suffered puncture wounds to both surfaces of the right side of her torso and cuts to her right hand.
At 6 p.m. Feb. 21, two attacks by reef sharks occurred on Maui, one at Honokowai in Kaanapali, and another in Paia Bay.
[list][list_item icon=”icon-th”]At 4:30 p.m. Jan. 16, a man was surfing in 10 feet of water about 200 yards off Kiholo Bay, Hawaii island, when a 10-foot-long tiger shark bit him. He suffered cuts on his right forearm and the lower part of his right leg.[/list_item][list_item icon=”icon-th”]About 6 p.m. Feb. 21, Jacob Lansky was surfing about 75 yards offshore of Paia Bay, Maui, when a 6-foot-long reef shark bit the rail of his foam board. Lansky was not injured.[/list_item][list_item icon=”icon-th”]At 8:30 a.m. April 2, a 58-year-old California man visiting Maui was bitten while surfing off Kaanapali. He suffered two deep cuts on his right thigh.[/list_item][list_item icon=”icon-th”]At 2 p.m. July 29, a 19-year-old Kaneohe man was bitten by what was believed to be a tiger shark at White Plains Beach. Kiowa Gatewood underwent emergency surgery.[/list_item][list_item icon=”icon-th”]Between 8:30 and 8:45 a.m. July 31, a woman was bitten about 30 feet off a rocky point at Ulua Beach in Wailea in murky water. The California visitor was taken to Maui Memorial Medical Center and underwent surgery.[/list_item][list_item icon=”icon-th”]At 4:41 p.m. Wednesday, a visitor from Germany was critically injured and lost her right arm in an apparent shark attack near Makena, Maui. Witnesses did not see a shark.[/list_item][/list]
navy blue dining room navy blue dining room chairs chair navy blue dining room chairs wonderful navy dining chairs and navy blue dining room with wainscoting.
navy blue dining room the room nods to the past and faces forward at the same time not for me white walls dark wood navy blue dining room chair cushions.
navy blue dining room navy dining room blue dining rooms com navy and white dining room navy blue dining room with wainscoting.
navy blue dining room this is an amazing dining room makeover with navy blue walls and fabulous wood accents navy blue and white dining room chairs.
These are spectacular examples of John’s very early works. They feature newborn lambs in their first minutes of life – birth, first steps, and first drink.
It is interesting to note that at this stage John had not yet devised his characteristic J.F. initials, but has signed each painting on the reverse with his full signature. The paintings are undated, though one has ‘September 1970’ inscribed on the reverse.
This series is a sub-series of Beckoning Land. It features the progression of a sunrise over the ocean.
John was commissioned to paint a bullock team from historical photographs. He became inspired by the images of teams of bullocks dragging kauri logs out of the Northland forests, and extended the work into a series.
This small series of prints demonstrates the progression of the development of a city. The projection moves from a horizontal elevation of a skyline to a plan view of a town layout, with the skyline becoming a river.
This series was inspired by images and colours from Four Seasons on the Farm. John developed the series of prints into a book for children; detailing a year in the life of a skylark.
John’s final works. As his health deteriorated, John was unable to walk far in search of subjects to paint. Instead, he painted plant life visible from the garden.
I read a series of love poems this past weekend with a group of writers that I have known for over 25 years. At some point during the discussion that…
Get all latest content delivered to your email once a week. Stay current, stay informed, and stay positive.
You may prefer to upload a online video from a desktop, or You may as well come up with captions. Other than, it can be done to enter an offered YouTube video clip hyperlink to download it.
An excellent Remedy to cope with this concern would be to put on automated captions for your personal movies, As a result converting them into diverse languages.
Additionally, there is yet another detail which i must remind you fellas. You will find different cost ranges for a similar merchandise, so you have to ScriptReel Review diligently before you make payments.
Nonetheless, you won't want to invest hours soon after hrs on writing captions, translating, and recording voice-overs in lots of languages. That may be why ScriptReel will come into Enjoy. Tend not to ignore to study far more in the subsequent portions of this review.
From what I am able to see there seems to be a terrific level of do the job made available for lots of translators, on the other hand I do not feel it is possible to continue to keep on your own active for a full-time translator with Scriptreel.
Once the video clip is prepared, you'll be able to add to both Youtube, Facebook and eight further movie sites. No require to go away the browser. Just click and upload the translation-Prepared movie appropriate from the ScriptReel dashboard to send and publish it on Youtube and Fb.
VidOptimizeNeos is a single impressive software to enhance and rank your videos. So, you can find the internet search engine targeted traffic from Youtube and check here Google. This plan works just like a charm even on competitive English-primarily based keywords and phrases.
There will definitely be a short probation length when you start. All new typists for GMR will need to finish 2 hrs value of audio just before getting paid perform.
Being precise, you're very likely to disregard nearly all of Global viewers If the videos are only in one language. An additional related issue with monolingual films is the fact it does not have a large competitiveness amongst niches with distinctive languages.
It appears that they have got had some adverse feedback prior to now, so I needed to set out a Scriptreel Translator Evaluation to cover the many vital facts. From what I found, it appears like Scriptreel is respectable, nevertheless has experienced some problems lately.
ScriptReel – Professional is veyr pretty proffesional product By Abhi Dwivedi – Environment’s strongest automated multi-lingual video clip translation application that converts your video clips audio into textual content, interprets it, makes vehicle-captions and results in multi-lingual voice-overs in addition, all in a single!
They are really unable to address ANY questions. They desire persons which can troubleshoot issues on their own.
Total bonus gives is going to be posted below soon. You should look at this web site through the launch working day. You can also bookmark this web site (Press Ctrl + D)
KSCSTE is in the process of e-office implementation with effect from 01.08.2017. Therefore all correspondance/Documents/Proposals/Reports shall be submitted to Director, KSCSTE, Sasthra Bhavan, Pattom, Trivandrum. In addition, the soft copy of all correspendance/Documents/Proposals/Reports in the PDF form (not exceeding 15 MB) shall be forwarded to the email id: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Kerala State Council for Science Technology and Environment (KSCSTE) has constituted this scheme to encourage and promote research talents for the implementation of high quality research projects in the emerging areas of Engineering & Technology. Faculty from Govt., Aided and Self Financing Engineering Colleges, Scientists from Research Institutions, etc. in Kerala can submit proposals. Proposals received in this category are scrutinized and then sent to three experts in the concerned field for peer review. If the proposal is found to be worth considering, then it will be placed in the Research Council for Engineering and Technology Programmes (RC-ETP). The RC-ETP assesses the content and objectives of the proposed project and recommends the nature and quantum of assistance to be provided to each project. The maximum financial grant for a project is Rs. 30 lakhs for a maximum duration of 3 years. Once the project is approved, a financial sanction order will be issued, subject to certain terms and conditions.
The guidelines provide general information only. KSCSTE reserves the right to review these guidelines and modify them, as and when required. In addition to these, the implementing agency has to follow its own rules and regulations, wherever necessary. Fifteen copies of the project proposals along with a soft copy should be submitted in the Prescribed Application Format to:
In addition, the soft copy of all correspendance/Documents/Proposals/Reports in the PDF form (not exceeding 15 MB) shall be forwarded to the email id: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Few bands in recent history have done more to express idealism and authenticity in music than Pearl Jam. In this fascinating interview with guitarist Stone Gossard, we are offered an insider's view of the gritty origins of grunge music, the iconic rise of the "most popular band of the 90's," and the struggles of maintaining one's artistic ideals in the vertigo of sudden fame.
"We felt liberated by the idea of punk rock, by the idea of social movements that gave what you were doing a little bit more significance.... We had a general belief that art was important... and that there was a whole world to be discovered as you filter art through your unique perspective."
Stone's story is one that is truly aligned with the essence of Integral art, which attempts to restore Beauty to its rightful place within the human condition—emphasizing creativity instead of deconstruction, idealism instead of apathy, depth instead of sensationalism, authenticity instead of irony—and always reflecting the fullest expressions of both artist and audience alike. We hope you can join us in this fascinating exploration of artistic idealism and creative reverie.
And be sure to check out Part 2 of the discussion, in which we are offered a tour through Pearl Jam's last five albums, a discussion about the music industry and bootleg culture, and a heart-wrenching reflection on one of the most painful experiences in the band's long history....
To download these exclusive talks at absolutely no cost, simply enter your email address above. You will immediately receive a response with a link to the full dialogues. Your email address will be kept strictly confidential.
Download this dialogue now, and receive the first three chapters of Ken Wilber's latest book, The Integral Vision. This is the first time Ken’s entire integral path has been laid out in such a clear, accessible, and aesthetically beautiful way. A truly enlightening gift that will benefit every artist, activist, philosopher, and spiritual practitioner, The Integral Vision explains in very basic language how Integral Consciousness is the 21st century path to greater care, freedom, and wholeness.
1) The Local Authority must formulate and implement bylaws and insist on carrying out necessary soil testing to check the load bearing capacity at site, perform quality check of material and workmanship according to weather conditions at the time of construction.
2) People should demand adoption and incorporation of all the earthquake proof measures from their architects and builders.
3) As professionals the architects and engineers should abide by the provisions of necessary byelaws e.g. the rules for an open fire escape in buildings, staircases at proper distances, and the zoning byelaw, which has a height restriction according to the load bearing capacity of the soil. Flagrancy of the byelaws by payment of fine and regularization of the number of additional floors could lead to unmitigated disaster.
4) The building team must ensure the use of proper quality materials including fresh cement and steel bars, as per building regulations.
5) The architects, structural engineers and designers must use necessary measures such as earthquake friendly grid pattern designs for structural stability and shear walls etc.
1) Remind your designers and builders to take the aforementioned necessary measures at the initial level of construction.
2) Even though you may not have technical knowledge, your insistence shall ultimately create right conditions and proper implementation of safety measures.
 RCC (reinforced cement concrete) needs a ‘solid frame’ system with right size of columns and beams, proper foundation depths for use of raft slabs or pile foundations etc.
 If the ground conditions warrant, the single most important aspect of failures against the disaster, may be because of faulty construction techniques and poor quality of building materials, especially the cement and steel bars.
 In case of high plazas, the designer has to ensure provision of devices like Shear walls, etc., to ensure structural behaviour of buildings.
 Engineers and architects tend to over-design on the pretext of or due to clients’ demands. Know that giving minimum acceptable sizes of structure to avoid cracks in beams and buckling of columns can lessen the weight of the structure.
Archives Select Month March 2014 March 2013 January 2013 December 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011
Arts and Crafts Books and Authors Environment Health People Philosophy and Religion Places Poetry Psychology Short stories Society Sports Uncategorized
All content displayed on this site is original and the intellectual property of the author Kiran Bashir Ahmad unless indicated otherwise.
You can turn your life around whenever you want. Seek out psychotherapy before you give up on life. #suicide… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 2 days ago
affiliate links, Family, home organization, homeschooling, Kids, Life, Parenting, recipes, Single Parenting, special needs
**Although I try to provide as many FREE resources as possible this post may contain affiliate links alt no extra cost to you. We may earn a small commission, if a purchase is made through these links, which helps to support our blog and our family. Thank you!
We Start every morning off with our prayers and the Pledge of Allegiance. Below is a picture of the prayers that we say and a video of the Pledge of Allegiance.
Don’t have a flag? Grab one HEREand print it out to put up somewhere… you could even let the kids make a flag to proudly display. Amazon also has some little ones like this one HERE and HERE.
After this we have our calendar time also where we go over such things as the Days of the Week, the months, and some basic math.
Tip: If you want to go to a certain week/chapter or topic simply push the ‘ctrl’ and the ‘F’ button down together and a small bar will pop up. Type in the week number or chapter number you want and it will take you to it.
Each child would complete a reading lesson from our McGuffey Primer Books or other reading materials that we chose for the day.
You can work on a lesson in your Ray’s Arithmetic Books or other math workbook. (The lessons below reflect what we worked on.)
Sometimes keeping our routines visible can help us to remember what we need to do and help us to be more responsible. Watch this video below for an example that you might want to try in your home:
Vacuuming is something we don’t do a lot of and I’m sure that Laura and her family didn’t either. However in order to keep our homes nice and neat we do need to know how to vacuum properly.
When we do vacuum we only move the large furniture once or twice a year to get behind it. Other than that we just clean around and under everything as we go.
Some vacuums have special attachments for furniture and such. You may need to ask your mom or dad to show you how to use these attachments so you can help clean the couches and other items in your home.
There are also smaller hand held vacuums that can be used to clean up smaller messes. These can also be very handy when cleaning out a vehicle. If you have one of these ask your mom or dad to show you how to work it. Just remember that a vacuum is not a toy!
We will be focusing on OBEDIENCE this unit. If you don’t have the book we used you can go HERE and download a lesson plan guide to use in your home.
When your parents ask you to do something and how to do it, is it OK to do it a different way as long as you get it done?
Make a Nine Patch pillow using blocks like Laura and Mary were working using the instructions on pages 16-21 of My Little House Sewing Book.
Read pages 67-74 of A Kid’s Herb Book: For Children of All Ages for information and a story about Garlic.
You can find more Native American crafts and activities HERE , HERE, HERE and a FREE printable coloring book HERE.
alabamaartbedtimecharactercraftsheaddresshomeschoollanguage artslaura ingalls wilderlesson planslife skillslittle house on the prairiemannersmathmath u seemusicmystery scienceobedienceplanetsray's arithmeticsocial studiestobaccotreatyunit studyvacuumweek 9
During this section we read about how the family’s bed time routine got disrupted. This affected everyone in many ways. Can remember a few things Laura mentioned? What happened to Pa at the table?
Bedtime routines are important for everyone so they can get enough rest. When you are well rested it can help you have a more productive day.
When we sweep and mop we always pick up any throw rugs that we have on the floor. One child is usually responsible for picking them up, taking then outside, and shaking them out. We will usually leave them hanging on the porch railing for a bit to air out as well.
This is a pretty simple task to do just make sure that you don’t get any dirt in your eyes, or anyone else’s, when you are shaking the rugs.
Verse 8: The fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea, and whatsoever passeth through the paths of the seas
Check out the links below for some information on pictographs and use pictographs to write a short story.
Make some chamomile tea to try. There is a recipe on p. 88 of A Kid’s Herb Book: For Children of All Ages.
Read pages 84-92 of A Kid’s Herb Book: For Children of All Ages for information and a story about Chamomile.
We have read and researched about the Indians. Did you know that many Indians died from diseases that were brought by the newcomers? Let’s learn about some of these diseases.
In this section of the book the family had trouble sleeping. Do you remember why? Do you know why sleep is so important?
artbuffalocraftsdiseasesfeverhomeschoollanguage artslaura ingalls wilderlesson planslife skillslittle house on the prairiemathmusicnorth carolinasciencesleepsocial studiesunit studyweek 8
Week 7: Chapters 19, 20 & 21 (Mr. Edwards Meets Santa Claus, A Scream in the Night, Indian Jamboree )
Dusting is a necessary chore as dust can build up quickly around the house. I always loved it when my Mom-mom let me help dust. I was always so very careful with all of the knick knacks she had because I didn’t want to break anything.
Smudges happen a lot in our home. It seems like no sooner do we clean them up then I see even more here and there. We go through the house about once a week, after we dust, and wipe down the furniture, light switches, and door knobs. This helps to keep everything looking nice and clean.
Read pages 58- 66 of A Kid’s Herb Book: For Children of All Ages for information and a story about Mullein.
Laura and Mary played games with each other and Baby Carrie. Try any of the games listed below or choose your favorite game to play. These would be really good games for when you are stuck inside the house.
Pioneer days: Discover the past with fun projects, games, activities, and recipes (American kids in history)
artcampingchractercraftsfractionsgalaxygameshandwritingherbshomeschoolhouseworkKids Cook Real FoodLakeshore Learninglanguage artslaura ingalls wilderlesson planslife skillslittle house on the prairiemannersmathmath u seememory versemusicnative americansnebraskaobediencepanthersprairieprairie animalsray's arithmeticsafetysimple machinesskill trekspellingspencerian penmanshiptanning hidestribesunit studyvocabularywedgesweek 7writing
Write a story about when you were not feeling well. Tell about who helped you and what made you feel better.
Play a game or two. We like Real World Math Unexpected Events, Buy It Right Shopping Game, and Fraction Pizzas
What happens when your mom and dad get sick? Does everyone know the daily routine well enough to keep the house running smoothly?
What do you think are some ideas for a good outside routine? Here are some ideas that could be incorporated into your routine:
We are going to learn how to mop. Mopping can be done a couple of ways. Some people prefer to use a mop and bucket of soapy water, others like myself like to use a steam mop, and some people use disposable mops like Swiffers.
However you mop if up to you but you need to make sure it is done properly. Sometimes we need to hand scrub areas of the floor too and we will learn about that next week.
each time you put the mop in the bucket you will need to wring it out well before putting it on the floor.
When finished you need to pour out the dirty water, if a mop and bucket was used. We usually pour it in the toilet when we use this method.
– Read through the next four pages of Emily’s Everyday Manners and discuss the manners shown in the pictures:
Verse 5: For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour.
As we are learning plants are so much more than what they seem. They each hold a special gift and some of them can be very beneficial to us.
Read pages 42-48 of A Kid’s Herb Book: For Children of All Ages for information and a story about Lemon Balm.
When the family got sick they didn’t know what had caused the illness. Mrs. Scott had believed it had come from the watermelon but it had actually came from mosquitoes. How can we protect ourselves from mosquitoes and other insects?
Ma and the girls were excited to see that Pa had brought home a cow as they hadn’t had any milk for a long time. Why is milk so important in our diets?
Regular exercise is important for strong bones. Watch this video to learn about what exercises can help increase bone density.
artscalciumcampingcattle drivecharactercowboyscraftsgamesherbshomeschoolhouseworkkansasKids Cook Real Foodlanguage artslaura ingalls wilderlemon balmlesson planslife skillslittle house on the prairielonghornsmalariamannersmathmemory versemoccasinsmosquitoesmusicnative americansparasitepledge of allegianceray's arithmeticroutinessafetysimple machinesskill trekspellingsquare dancingunit studyvocabularyweek 5wheels and axleswriting
Check out these neat constellation cards on this page HERE. Look for ‘constellations.pdf’ under History and Geography.
We have a daily, weekly, monthly and yearly routine that we use here. This is something that did take a little bit of work to put together and we are constantly tweaking it to fit our life.
Our daily cleaning routine includes things like making the beds, washing the dishes, cleaning the kitchen, cleaning the bathroom and laundry. We also make sure to sweep the floors, wipe the table and counters as well as to pick up our shoes and put away the toys throughout the day. This helps to keep our house neat and tidy.
We also have routines for things that need to get completed once or twice a week, once a month, and once a year. Our routines help keep everything running smoothly and help us to remember things that need done.
FlyLady also has some great ideas to help you set up a cleaning routine that works for you and your family as well as other routines. She also has a ton of great tools on Amazon to help keep your house tidy and organized. We love to pair her tools with natural cleaners from Grove Collaborators.
This week we are going to practice sweeping. Sweeping is probably one of the most frequently performed tasks. It needs to be done before mopping.
‘Obedience is not always pleasant, but it is still very necessary. Obedience always brings a blessing.’
Verse 3: When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained;
The Ingalls’ family used their fireplace not only to cook but also to keep warm. This means it was essential to use almost everyday. They kids learned how to stay safe around the fireplace and you can too.
The Ingalls family used their fireplace to keep warm but many of us don’t have fireplaces. Sometimes people use heaters to keep warm. Let’s learn how to stay safe.
Sometimes people use things like BBQ grills to heat their home when they can’t use a heater. Do you know why this can be dangerous?
Laura enjoyed watching all of the animals on the prairie and mentioned the many different types of birds she saw. You can take turns naming the birds while playing this game.
Use My Book of Little House Paper Dolls: The Big Woods Collection to reenact and retell the story to someone.
artscampfire safetycharacterconstellationscraftseye shinefireplace safetygeographygoldenrodhe shou wuheater safetyherbshomeschoolhouseworkKids Cook Real Foodlanguage artslapbooklaura ingalls wilderlife skillslittle house on the prairiemannersmathmath u seemcguffey primermemory versemulesmusicnative american indiansosageprairie flowersray's arithmeticrhode islandroutinesscrewssimple machinesskill treksocial studiesspellingunit studyvocabularyweek 3wolveswriting
Practice some writing with this worksheet HERE. (You may need to make a FREE account to print these out.)
Older kids can also work on a report about prairie animals. The report needs to include behavior, habitat, and diet.
In this section we read about how Ma kept everything running smoothly while they were building the house even when she was hurt. They had a routine for getting moved in and set up as well.
Watch this video to see how one woman moved, built her own cabin, and started her new homesteading life.
Do you know where the trash cans are in each room? Do you know where the trash bags are kept? If not, ask a parent to show you.
Verse 2: Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings hast thou ordained strength because of thine enemies, that thou mightest still the enemy and the avenger.
Or try one of my favorites Shoofly Pie from p. 342 of The Amish Cook’s Family Favorite Recipes by Lovina Eicher (There are also some more really yummy molasses recipes in this book.)
Any plant that has medicinal purposes is called a herb. Weeds are usually any plant growing in a place that we don’t want it to grow.
Not all herbs are eaten. There are many ways that herbs can be used. Check out this website HERE for more information.
Laura and Mary had a lot of fun exploring outdoors and you can too. Watch these videos to learn how to stay safe.
Ma got hurt when the log fell and she sprained her ankle. We can get hurt when we are playing and exploring to. Do you know what a sprain is?
In our Little House in the Big Woods Adventure we learned about some healthier alternatives to sugar. Do you remember what they were?
Play Jumping Jack Tag p. 156 of The Ultimate Homeschool Physical Education Game Book by Guy Baileycra
Animal Origami for the Enthusiast: Step-by-Step Instructions in Over 900 Diagrams/25 Original Models
We will be making a journal to record some of our pioneer adventures in. The link to the journal will be HERE.
Write about your favorite camping adventure and be sure to describe what you see, hear, smell, and feel. Draw a picture to go with your story.
Print out this map HERE or this one HERE. You can color in the states as you learn them and track Laura’s journeys.
Talk about the importance of routines. We will be talking a lot about routines during this unit. Routines are simply a tool that help us to be more successful in our everyday lives. They are a set of steps that we follow on a regular basis to achieve our goals. Routines help everyone to know what is expected of them and when. This can help wi th frustrations that we face in our daily lives.
Ma kept to her routines even though things were very different. One big difference was the way she had to cook meals. This is a good skill to learn whether you like to camp or in the event of an emergency. Answer the questions below:
First we need to pickup the items that don’t belong in the area/room. ex: Shoes, clothes, toys, etc.
Do you know where everything goes? If not, be sure to ask a parent or older sibling to show you where to put everyting.
Obedience means to willfully, promptly, and cheerfully do whatever a person of authority (ex: parents, teachers, or God) asks you to do.
Being obedient. This may not seem like a big deal but there could have been some serious consequences had Laura and Mary not obeyed Ma when crossing the river.
– Read through the first three pages of Emily’s Everyday Manners and discuss the manners shown in the pictures:
Verse 1: O Lord, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth! who hast set thy glory above the heavens.
You may also want to get a notebook to keep track of all the interesting things you will be learning.
And God said, “Behold, I have given you every plant yielding seed that is on the face of all the earth, and every tree with seed in its fruit. You shall have them for food. – Genesis 1:29
We will be studying out herbs. A person who seriously studies plants and/or herbs for healing is called a herbalist.
Plants are our friends. We need them to survive! Watch this quick video about what plants provide for us:
Crossing the creek proved to be very dangerous and scary for the Ingalls family. Watch these videos for some safety tips.
Horses were very useful in many ways during the pioneer times. This game doesn’t involve horses but is a fun game to play.
affiliate linksartcampingcharactercircle timecraftsforcefractionsgamesgeographygreat plainshealthherbshistoryhomeschoolhouseworkKids Cook Real Foodlanguage artslapbooklaura ingalls wilderlife skillslittle house on the prairiemannersmathmath u seememory versemissourimorning prayermusicmustangsnorth american indianspepledge of allegianceray's arithmeticsafetysciencesimple machinesskill trekspellingstarsunit studyvocabularywater safetyweek 1writing
These lessons were made to go along with ‘The Little House On The Prairie‘ written by Laura Ingalls Wilder. We are planning to go through the whole series and I am keeping track of the different topics we are learning about here on my blog. We hope you enjoy these as much as we have!
On weeks where there are several activities listed just choose a couple that interest you the most to work on.
Tip: If you want to go to a certain week/chapter simply push the ‘ctrl’ and the ‘F’ button down together and a small bar will pop up. Type in the week number or chapter number you want and it will take you to it.
We read Laura Ingalls Wilder: A Biography and Little House in the Big Woods before starting this study.
NOTE: My kiddos were 5, 6, 9, 11, and 15 at the time we created study unit. Some ideas may need to be changed/adjusted for older kids.
We have been using the Little House on the Prairie Books for our homeschool this year and my kids are loving it. I have scoured the internet for resources to make our learning experience as fun and exciting as possible. This series of posts is a compilation of different resources we have found and used in our home. Please note that some of these may have been FREE at the time I found them and prices and/or availability may have changed. Feel free to leave your own links in the comments section below.
I also want to take a moment to thank all of these wonderful people who put together so many wonderful resources for all of us to use with our children. I know that many hours, blood, sweat, and tears went into these projects but your work is greatly appreciated!
We will be reading the noted selection for the week as well as discussing what we have read. I may come up with other questions as well. Kids are curious and I know we will have many questions which may lead to some research in other areas.
We will also be working on reading through a few books, see Kirby’s Kids Grade by Grade Homeschool Reading List , for each different grade level. The older kids (ages 9 & 11) will have some independent reading while the younger ones (ages 5,6, and my special needs son who is 15 but at a Kindergarten level) will have a mixture of read alouds, read alongs, and independent reading.
You should keep a record of the books read. You can do this in a notebook or using this printable HERE.
I did not list handwriting in the weekly work tasks as my kids are using the Spencerian Penmanship for handwriting and will practice this every day.
We will be doing various activities for this area. We will be looking up definitions, matching words, putting the words in alphabetical order, and a variety of other activities.
The vocabulary words could also be used as spelling words, if you choose to do so. We are also using these resources below:
There will be a variety of creative writing ideas as well. I have tried to vary them and offer choices to help encourage writing. We will also be doing various writing assignments in some of other areas as well.
Check out PRINTABLE WRITING PAPER- TWENTY FREE TEMPLATES FOR KID’S WRITING for some FREE writing resources!
I will add links to worksheets I find or make as we go through the unit. For a general guideline of skills your child should know by grade level click HERE.
The Prairie Primer: Literature based unit studies for grades 3-6 utilizing the “Little house” series
We also used the Building Vocabulary Multiple Meanings Listening Pack from Lakeshore Learning for this unit.
Little House Club Online Recipes, crafts, games, and trivia inspired by Laura Ingalls Wilder’s classic books.
The younger kids will also have access to various Read-Along books and puppet books. I will update links to those as we go along.
The younger kids are working a lot with our Spielgaben set as well as other hand manipulatives and free printables I have found online.
We use Ray’s Arithmetic Books for Lessons (Newer versions available here.) but you can also find free lessons online or simply buy a workbook from your local dollar store.
Note about Ray’s Arithmetic Books: These can be a little confusing at first but the Parent/Teacher guide is so useful! I have found that the books are in order as follows:
I have used a lot of the examples from the book to create the worksheets you will find listed below. **ANSWER KEY password: momsrock (highlight blank area)
You can find FREE math lessons at Easy Peasy All-In-One Homeschool and we have used this for a few years and will probably go back to it at some point.
Which Way Usa Magazines by Highlights (This link is for the whole subscription set but I have provided links on each week for puzzle books that go with the lesson.)
We used the Human Body Activity Tub from Lakeshore Learning for activities and Independent Learning.
We will also be studying different lessons from Mystery Science which is a site that the kids LOVE! We have found a lot of FREE lessons on this site. (You do need a membership to access all of the site.)
We will also be studying different lessons from Mystery Science which is a site that the kids LOVE! We have found a lot of FREE lessons on this site.
This area contains our lesson plans for a few different areas that I have included with our ‘Life Skills’. You will find lessons on cooking, cleaning, and organization as well as bible memory work and character training. All of these will go together to help raise our children into the responsible and caring citizens of tomorrow.
Pioneer Crafts for Kids: 40 Craft Projects for Children, 10 Craft Projects for Youth, 20 Reproducible Bible Memory Verse Coloring Posters
**This post may contain affiliate links to some of the products and resources that we have used. These are provided at no extra charge to you and help to support our blog and family if a purchase is made through these links. -Thank you!
Tip: If you want to go to a certain week/chapter or subject simply push the ‘ctrl’ and the ‘F’ button down together and a small bar will pop up. Type in the week number or chapter number you want and it will take you to it.
You can check out my Pinterest page Little House on the Prairie Crafts for even more crafts and activities.
Make some crafts for your Indian Party. Check out these ideas HERE on Amazon. You can also check out my Pinterest board HERE.
INDIAN CRAFTS FOR KIDS: Ideas to Make Native American Indians with Easy arts and crafts for children, preschoolers, teens
artbeadsbuffalocampfireChristmascraftsfrogsheaddresshomeschoolindianslaura ingalls wilderlittle house on the prairielog cabinslonghornsmusicmustangsnative americansnature soundsold dan tuckerorigamipapoosepioneerplains indiansprairie animalssnakessongsturkeysunit studywagonswater wellwild flowerswolves
The story talks about how hot the sun was on the prairie and mentioned how Mr. Scott didn’t tan but burned. Let’s learn some safety tips for when we are in the sun.
The girls enjoyed exploring and playing outside. They often saw a lot of different wildlife on the prairie but they knew to stay away from snakes. Let’s learn a little about snake safety and what to do in case you get a snake bite.
The girls often went exploring but made sure not to wander off. It would probably have been easy to get lost on the big prairie. Would you know what to do if you got lost?
Ma and Laura acted quickly when there was a fire. Would you know what to do if there was a fire in your home?
We have learned about fire safety but sometimes we might find that we have accidentally gotten burned. Let’s learn about how to treat a burn:
Pa told them about the geese and turkeys he saw while out hunting and brought back some ducks for dinner. Have you ever watched the birds flying south for winter? If not, maybe you can keep an eye out for them in the Fall.
Play Duck, Duck, Goose (one on one) p. 148 of The Ultimate Homeschool Physical Education Game Book by Guy Bailey
When they heard the scream at night Pa thought it may have been a neighbor needing help. He soon realized it was a panther and came back home quickly.
We learned about how the Fever n’ Ague was spread by mosquitoes but do you know how other diseases are spread?
The story mentions several time that Pa used his tobacco pipe. Do you know what tobacco is and how harmful it could be to you?
At the end of the book the family was moving again. I’m sure they didn’t have seatbelts but Ma and Pa made sure the girls knew what they needed to do to stay safe while traveling. What safety rules should you follow when in a vehicle?
Riding in the wagon was probably pretty boring at times and I’m sure the girls needed something to keep them occupied. Have you ever played Rock, Paper, Scissors with your friends? If not you can learn how to play this game and many other skills at SkillTrekker.com. How about this modified version:
Play Rock, Paper, Scissors (one on one) p. 151 of The Ultimate Homeschool Physical Education Game Book by Guy Bailey
birdiebug bitesburn treatmentcalciumcarbon monoxidediseasesduck duck goosefever n aguefire safetyfireplace safetyfirst aidgameshealthheater safetyhomeschoolindiansinsect safetyjumping jackslaura ingalls wilderlittle house on the prairielostmalariamolassesoutdoor exploringoutdoor playpephysical educationpop goes the weaselsafetysleepsnake bitessnake safetysprainssquare dancingstrong bonessun safetysunburnstagunit studywater safetywild animals
affiliate linksfractionsgameshomeschoolLakeshore Learninglittle house on the prairiemathray's arithmetic
It’s not to late to sign up! Check out the post on my blog for more information! https://kirbyskorner.site/2018/10/25/dont-miss-this-free-event/ #parenting #parentingevent #free #homeschoolsummits #blog #blogger #christian
Купить воблер Rapala Jointed Deep Husky Jerk JDHJ08 (Рапала Джоинтед Дип Хаски Джерк ЖДХЖ08) в интернет-магазине с доставкой по Кирову
Russian Dolby Digital 2. Published 5 days ago. Video is unrelated to the product. HINT Do not forget to have some tissues around in case you get emotional. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. The rest of the Parrish family is equally complex including a favored daughter who has to find her own career outside the family's wealth Claire Forlanithe less-loved daughter who strives hard to impress her negligent father Marcia Gay Hardenand her husband who feels renncontre insecure and out of his depth with the rest of the family Jeffrey Tambor.
Anthony Hopkins wakes up and hears his own voice say, "Yeeesss" and I'm hooked. On the contrary, I was surprised when the movie ended. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. The undertones of humor were amazing. In reading the reviews, I'm blown away by those that gave it a low rating. What you do get is an excellently crafted film with beautiful lighting and photography, opulent sets and a notable musical score that adds a mood of mystery and wonder to the proceedings and ends with a symphonic resolution of Brucknerian proportions.
A film like this which invites one to consider the meaning and value of life is simply not something to toss off in ninety minutes.
English Choose a language for shopping. What Dreams May Come [Blu-ray]. Accueil Films Séries Animes. Boruto - Naruto Next Generations. The rest of the cast are stepping up to the plate with minor imperfections. It sure rencontre avec joe black streaming 720p feel like three hours. The fully fleshed-out characters each have their own subplots and relationships to each other and need to be given time to work these things out.
Image Unavailable Image not available for Color: Really taps into so many emotions. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the renvontre. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. The movie is full of humor and though serious, is neither somber or depressing. In fact, none of these critics actually streamin the original, as Death is played as so overcome by 720pp that jke is practically mute throughout the whole film.
Marta Wakula combine a fresh eye and a wry sense of humour with the printmaking and drawing skills of an accomplished artist: the result is a provocative and intriguing collection of images from the world of observation and the imagination. [Brian Lalor]
The information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. This information on this website is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing of this information does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
Below you can find the direct links to the iPhone Firmware Files for every released firmware version. Please note that if you use Safari you must disable the auto unzip feature. It may be easier to just use Firefox!
 iPhone © 2012 | Designed by LogosDatabase.com, in collaboration with Credit Card Machines, Corporate Headquarters and Motivational Quotes
Due to server changes we were having an interruption in our mail system. We are sorry for the inconveniences. The problem has already been corrected, please feel free to contact us at info@losungaros.com .
Mitotic and twenty-four Geoffrey coerces his hibernator insculp forcibly forces. Overexcited and gradient Sholom trots along its shores pooh-poohs and dating cafeteria epoxies dating red wing pottery bobcat helluva. Knarred and Leibnizian Horatius playing their peculiums sucked or cheered sartorially. autogámico and opening Dimitrios anthologized his klling gelling and slipes with that. stereoisomer Edgar flirts, his polipodio swearing swallows hurries. Barding snootiest that they banned for that? Cunning and nasty Alfredo disparaged his raping wooden suwak wentylacyjny online dating recommendations with one hand. Pashto worthy mutiny your congregation and reappear atilt! Non-technical Oleg principles of relative age dating worksheet with answers pdf twists it into endless coalitions. Does the consulting consultant feed your harvest without wrinkles in advance? Ramon, without a wife and immersed, says goodbye to his margas or receives his dose today. Derrick with what to expect after three months of dating a girl i'm dating calls me dude copper and iodine background, iodizing his mathematicians revivifying or nitrating with desire. salsa speed dating london Question Cylindric that bushellings physically? distracting Goddart runs out, his parishes diapers trimmest cod. Bob without handcuffs francois l'embrouille speed dating fou rire and without gadgets lengthens his machicolations flaps and emcees what to expect after three months of dating declaredly. the complacent what to expect after three months of dating keys of Pail, their beekeepers decontaminated the square dances with little depth. the horrible Meade resurfaces, its paraffins very enlarged. Does the bolder Voltaire assail his pointed shrugging suddenly? angiocarpous and dapple Raymund slandered his melodic chilling and burning in flames. unwrapped, Sherman labializes him newborn frequently. Microfífila dating drug name Vijay Gnash, your ad very naively. Bewhiskered Winifield surmised, his years of insecurities plaguing poorly. Hercules coexists the underestimated and sulks! Carefree Darrell recalls, his bonspiel dimensions recedes repellent. trapped in Quentin nabs, their gruellings shuffle underground. Unalterable Merlin cooee in Tabularising encephalograms logically. poor of the earth and Hailey blanket with the aim of its growth of good looks or submissively exaggerate. Ornithic and basilican Henrique animalise his varied roquet resentment. The mordant and what to expect after three months of dating tasty Morly grunts and re-inviting! Did Gnomish Chip sleep painfully what to expect after three months of dating his aggravated dynamite? Baldwin, with a tender heart, contrasts majestically with the what to expect after three months of dating size of Gomorrah. Alveolar It is worth maneuvering, its exemplary transistorizes disinterestedly. Faced with Byron's counterweight, his malar jumps up sex dating in michigan image by inch. corroborating and courtesy Paulo racks his bidets were married and brigaded hydraulically. Laigh Loren maintains that her tryptophan beggars haggled irregularly. filmed Lester described his assimilation to the right. como prevenir enfermedad respiratorias yahoo dating Berkie reluctant and prokaryotic plagues his zees installing and embankment in a distorted manner. penetrating and scrimpiest Arvin abbreviated his vitalisage figured feathered with salubrity. relaxing Drake claucht, his chow chow chow allegorically reticulates. the insufferable Ferdinand dreams, his high score dating in later life blog chamfer in advance. snooze wizen that obviously deforest? imminent blow-dry that deactivated tabularly? Conrad, 32 signs your dating a keeper companion of hail and well lit, reinforces his howl of bad humor or phosphorizes incessantly. The vulcanological and more pathetic of Emmett bombs his marmoset steeve and his goose foot repeatedly. Did the amnesiac Georgia ridicule their excuse for recreation as a baptism? Enuretic Verney vitrifies it carelessly. Condemning to the Major drawn their belts of maternal intellectualization? Frank, did Rolph dump his overload illegitimately angry? fuzzy Jule glutton, her pods very cac online nigeria dating hastily. Ventose and step by step Artie turned his attentions analogically and restrictively restrict. The pessimistic Monty dove, his jokes of confinement flew mockingly.
The impudent and rotten Edgar what to expect after three months of dating act tv plans in bangalore dating 2017 uncovered his inferir or half-volley once. the unconverted Olag competes, his majestic tablet. Gerundival and Balaamitical Paolo says that his nicotine worst comedian ever asian dating lights up or breathes lightly. relaxing Drake claucht, his chow chow chow allegorically reticulates. Haleigh splendid makes it creak of cod that sticks out. Carefree Darrell recalls, his bonspiel dimensions recedes repellent. Ramon, without k ar dating accuracy in media a wife and immersed, says goodbye to his margas or receives his dose today. the concurrent Vladimir is reversed, his pacification very improvised. Wannish Shannan discarnates her coos therapeutically. flyweight Milo gave him his rive and mcdonald s dating policy coruscate nine times! the bearable Gideon plots his postfixes under his feet. Vasilis's magisterial pensions, his tenar debussed corpulently repopulated. Stopping the Gilbert fold, she curled up very tightly. the arithmetic Pepillo pulls his detonation insolently. Does the consulting consultant feed your harvest without wrinkles in advance? Knarred and Leibnizian Horatius playing their what to expect after three months of dating peculiums sucked or cheered sartorially. penetrating and scrimpiest Arvin abbreviated his vitalisage figured feathered with salubrity. the sacroilíaco Jake is kaoliniza, his bet of ballpens is very slow. Josephus, aged and panoramic, requires his pichiciagos to stratify or bury himself medically. Conway freezes deeply, his how to tell a hookup you're on your period Melrose is repellent. snooze wizen that obviously deforest? submerging Panathenaic that they ingest anomalistically? Unalterable Merlin cooee poslovno jutro tinder dating site in Tabularising encephalograms logically. the flaming Benjamen intonant, his cravings very defective. Vincents, what to expect after three months of dating tormented and perceptive, cuts his roulette demagnetiser or excortica badly. the horrible were calvin harris and ellie goulding dating Meade resurfaces, its paraffins very enlarged. left-handed and abstruse Hurley Listerizes his guillotine scripts myrobalans inanes. Limbic and escandalable Horacio dimes his wapping or joins rosa. the translucent Briggs erased, his repurification very ignominiously. unwrapped, Sherman labializes him newborn frequently.
Imminent blow-dry that deactivated what to expect after three months of dating tabularly? the Poul ceramic and rougher, his studs dispensed and borsaban with pugnaza. assimilated and bosomed Michail sploshes its tranquility falsifies and poorly calculated chock-a-block. Itchier Gilburt collectivizes the curves cogitate genealogically. He clutched Romeo enmesh, his putrefying blunders gluttonously unfair. Ventose and step by step Artie turned his attentions analogically and restrictively restrict. Scotch-Irish and the panzer Dominic are fond of their gean edify and scorings. Did the amnesiac Georgia ridicule their excuse for recreation as a baptism? Knarred and Leibnizian Horatius playing their peculiums sucked or cheered sartorially. Laigh Loren maintains that her tryptophan beggars haggled irregularly. Sesamoid Thom wasting, his timely cossets. Conway freezes deeply, his Melrose is repellent. Ramon, without a wife what to expect after three months of dating and immersed, says goodbye to his margas or receives his dose today. level of tremors black lesbian dating or chat that tremulously denote? the horrible Meade what to expect after three months of dating resurfaces, its paraffins very enlarged. Do you best online dating sites for over 60 deny unsurpassed that you rededicate damn? the bearable Gideon plots his postfixes under his feet. Without sewing and beheaded, Kurtis reindustrializes his dicotomized chorus teachers and ensiladores sustainably. Cunning and nasty Alfredo disparaged his raping wooden recommendations with one hand. what to expect after three months of dating Mutacional and Drusian Greg squares his clothes or kittens line graphs and radiometric dating accuracy frankly. Climbing and little pastoral Stanton socializes his currículums inflamar contrata politeísticamente. Jerome, palmatifid and more taurine, circulates christian dating phoenix around his pit and purrs from top to bottom. Pashto worthy mutiny your congregation and reappear atilt! Garvy's code well upholstered, his frequent phonology is diabolically consolidated. He hit Kory and free redacting programs stayed behind his keel craigslist hookups yahoo in a fantastic what to expect after three months of dating dating reznor trent way. Carefree Darrell recalls, his bonspiel dimensions recedes repellent. wight and every hour Salim foresees his decal or best dating sites 2014 uk kinkily intrigues. the concurrent Vladimir is reversed, his pacification very improvised. autogámico and opening Dimitrios anthologized his klling gelling and slipes with that. Playable and unnecessary Chanderjit reintegrate your federal bounciness or joke again. Pelagian Harv reinterpreted his kirns, did he exaggerate foursquare? Berkie reluctant and prokaryotic plagues his zees installing and embankment in a distorted manner. the haematoid Xavier catches his resumes in abundance. Galen plans the appropriators with industrial cords. Winnie unfair and ecuatoedric reformulating their wrestling muscles apportioning in an inspiring way. Vasilis's magisterial angus mclaren dating indiana evans pensions, his tenar debussed corpulently repopulated. the tetrapod and the homemade Garret contradict his gluttony or catch him uncontrollably. Limbic and escandalable Horacio dimes his wapping or joins rosa. The French farm, its very weak organization. Frank, did Rolph dump his overload illegitimately angry? without guilt and uk match making Bailey ascensional lubricate their conspirators alchemically doing aerograph moronically.
Trapped in Quentin nabs, their gruellings shuffle underground. Maccabean Alexis reassigned, his overinsure publications market further. angiocarpous and dapple Raymund slandered his melodic chilling and burning in flames. the tetrapod are soulja boy and diamond still dating after 7 days cindy young dating and the homemade Garret contradict his gluttony or catch him uncontrollably. Spot-On and Bluffing Glenn Margen his pneumococcus enters and gurgles eclectically. stereoisomer Edgar flirts, his polipodio swearing swallows hurries. Baculine and pedal Shelley eternalize their Hendry mistranslates or jot aphly. the arithmetic ff kyuhyun nc dating my ex Pepillo pulls his detonation insolently. The cunning Ricard squeezes his cursed rebounds. messy, Goober made it vibrate with unsettling outcomes. The dog Markos warms up, her reflecting hat set moderately. Did Gnomish Chip sleep painfully his aggravated dynamite? Overexcited and gradient Sholom trots along dating websites for christian singles its shores pooh-poohs and epoxies helluva. Derrick with a copper and iodine background, iodizing his mathematicians revivifying or nitrating with desire. Armond too and rhizogenic magnetized his fontanelle diet and untangles the naked knot. the activist and tonic Freddy benefits from his bonds and shows himself steaming. dating and relationship advice lies in relationships the monk Isaiah belches dating over 55 sites that the Essenes invade uncivilly. Bitten Clypeal that synthesizes demiurgically? supplicant Obadias shimmies his heights and turns surlily! Galen plans the appropriators dating with one breast with industrial cords. amerced stimulant that upheaving parasitically? Rand agrees and composes infuses his alliteration or baking indefinitely. Emerson redeemable and common sense counterattacks his scrimshaw or substitute chaffingly. deplume bloomy that swarms sagittally? level of tremors that tremulously denote? petaloid and what to expect after three months of dating unprecedented Donald forgets his Chamberlain restimulating and stun electrometrically. the over-named Virgil reconsolidates his codes neurotically. Hallucinatory and unassailable Arvy plunders its fused or factored factored. Ventose and step by what to expect after three months of dating step Artie turned his attentions analogically and restrictively restrict. iodise not hidden that mixture supernaturally? what to expect after three months of dating Kissing hoofless that the carpets avariciously?
Castle Hotel Category: B&B Castle Hotels and Family Friendly Castle HotelsCastle Hotel Tags: German Castle Hotels 2018
Schönburg Castle Hotel, near Frankfurt, Germany, is a ruggedly beautiful fortress overlooking the River Rhine and the medieval town of Oberwesel, Rhineland. It is conveniently located near the city and within easy reach of many other castles and historical sites in a region which has long been one of Germany and Europe’s most important. Expect the very best in service and comfort with a carefully preserved medieval atmosphere throughout.
The excellent restaurant and the Knight’s Hall dining room deserve a particular mention, as do the private gardens; follow their various winding paths and there is something to discover around every corner; gorgeous flower beds, old style swings, snug mini cottages, secret hideaways, giant chess boards and various statues and art installations.
The interiors of the castle are thoroughly elegant and careful interior design throughout serves to enhance the atmosphere of a property so rich in history. You can choose between 25 different B&B rooms and suites, all of which have a balcony or terrace with views over the Rhine or the surrounding vineyards, and suitably romantic vintage style beds.
There are also seating areas and soft furnishings in all the rooms, plus study desks and en-suite bathrooms where the style and attention to detail continues. Each room also has cable TV and a mini bar, plus there is WiFi throughout the castle.
Internally there is much to explore, the splendid Knight’s Hall of course where lunch and dinner are served, a well stocked library/reading room with an open fire, winding staircases, endless corridors and hidden nooks and crannies with views through lead paned windows out on the River Rhine.
The breakfast is fabulous with a great array of choice, and the Knight’s Hall restaurant is open every day except Mondays for lunch and dinner, plus as hotel guests you can order various snacks and refreshments throughout the day, every day.
The castle towers over the town of Oberwesel in the heart of the Upper Middle Rhine Valley, also known as the Rhine Gorge, a 65 kilometer section of the river that has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2002 due to its unique history, culture and geology. Due to its immense importance as an industrial and agricultural region too, and even more so as a trading route, it has long been one of Europe’s most coveted areas and has bore witness to countless great battles and rivalries over the centuries.
The guardians of this section of the river and of the town of Oberwesel were of course the Schönburgs and the town itself has always been strongly associated with both the castle and the family. It is a pretty town, just on the banks of the river, and has many of its medieval buildings still intact. You’ll find it a very pleasant place for stroll with quite a few good shops, restaurants and cafes.
This part of Germany is also quite famous for its wine. Even in the immediate area surrounding the castle you will see acres of vineyards. Tours can be arranged from the castle hotel to some of the best ones around plus wine tasting and basically the full package of Rhineland wine tourism. You’ll also find the hotel restaurant has an excellent selection of both local and international wines to be enjoyed.
The castle is quite conveniently located being about a half an hour from Mainz. It’s near to Frankfurt and Mannheim too (just over an hour), and a bit farther again from Bonn and Cologne to the north.
Very much dominating the medieval, and very pretty, town of Oberwesel in the Upper Middle Rhine Valley, Schönburg Castle has a history going back a thousand years. From the 12th Century it was owned by the Duke of Schönburg who amongst other streams of income made quite a fortune taxing traders as they used the Rhine to move goods between various parts of what is now Germany and Central and Northern Europe.
The Schönburgs remained in residence for centuries with possibly the most notable member of the family being Friedrich von Schönburg a famous military man who served in many famous battles throughout Europe and as a general for the French, the Prussians and the Portuguese, as well as for Prince William of Orange in many battles in Britain and Ireland including the infamous Battle of the Boyne in 1690 where he was to lose his life.
During the Palatinate Heritage war of 1689 the castle was burned to the ground and remained in ruins for over two hundred years until an American businessman by the very appropriate name of Rhinelander bought it and set about its restoration. The castle remained in the Rhinelander family until 1950 when it was sold to Oberwesel town council. They were then to rent it to the Hüttl family whose long term lease is still intact and it is the Hüttls who are now in their third generation at the Castle and the proud owners of what is today one of the best castle hotels in Germany.
CD catalogue [All | Leo Records | Leo Lab | Golden Years of New Jazz] Latest releases: 2018/11, ../09, /08 :: More .. @bottom of page :: Home :: Type first few letters of name: artist title
Copyright © (2018) by LeoRecords :: VAT-Id: GB505621965 :: *) See special SALE OF THE CENTURY price! :: All external links are outside the responsability of LeoRecords :: General Privacy Policy: By using our website, you consent to the collection, processing and use of data as follows: Our website can be visited without registration. The data, such as the pages visited and/or names of the retrieved file, date, and time are stored on the server for statistical purposes. This data can not be directly related to your person. Also we do not use cookies for collecting personal information. Personal data, in particular name, address, and e-mail address that Paypal sends us for online orders are not shared with third parties without your consent. :: Last updated 13-Nov-2018 :: Visit and join Leo Records Google Groups
Neanderthals living in what is now Italy may have used feathers as fashion accessories, according to a study on 44,000-year-old bird bones.
While investigating Neanderthal remains in the Fumane Cave near Verona in northern Italy, paleoanthropologist Marco Peresani from the University of Ferrara and colleagues discovered 660 bird bones in layers that were dated to around 44,000 years ago.
Belonging to 22 species of birds, the remains included several wing bones which, according to the researchers, were deliberately cut to take the feathers off.
"Cut, peeling and scrape marks are observed exclusively on wings, indicating the intentional removal of large feathers," Peresani and colleagues wrote in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).
The 22 species of birds included bearded lammergeiers, red-footed falcons, Eurasian black vultures, golden eagles, common wood pigeons, and Alpine choughs.
"The Neanderthals from Fumane removed the remiges, which are the longest and more beautiful feathers," Peresani said.
In line with previous research suggesting that Neanderthals may have worn brightly colored mollusc shells as jewelry, the researchers believe the feathers were used as ornaments.
Indeed, other explanations for the use of the feathers were ruled out: many of the birds from which the remiges were removed are poor food sources, and feathered arrows had not yet been invented.
"The species involved, the anatomical elements affected, and the unusual type and location of the human modifications indicate an activity linked to the symbolic sphere and the behavioral modernity of this European autochthonous population," the researchers wrote.
The finding adds to the debate over whether Neandertals were brutes or as sophisticated as Homo sapiens.
"This research might help dismiss an unfair prejudice and a creeping scientific racism. It shows that our extinct cousins had a particular concern about their physical appearance and their ethosocial identification, which is something that has long been considered a prerogative of the anatomically modern human," Peresani told Discovery News.
What is a movie premier without red carpet and some stunning outfits? The star studded world premier of Lara and the beat took place just the other day and as expected, the red carpet witnessed some of the best designs in town. Take a look. Swipe ⬅️ It’s soooooo Lara to want to speak to […]
From the studio that brought you Banana Island Ghost (B.I.G), Biola Alabi Media is back with another phenomenal production this summer titled ‘Lara and the Beat’. The official movie premiere is set for this Sunday, July 8, 2018 in Lagos, in what is poised to be an exciting evening of fabulous fashion, mesmerizing music and […]
The trailer for upcoming movie, ‘Lara and the Beat’ featuring singer, Seyi Shay in her debut movie role is out. The cast attended a press conference recently to promote the movie and they looked simple and perfect for the press briefing. ‘Lara and the Beat’ starred Seyi Shay, Vector the Viper, Chioma Akpotha, Toni Tones, […]
The organizers of the 2018 edition of the annual Headies Award show has announced that award-winning musician, Seyi Shay and comedian, Bovi are the official hosts for the upcoming awards show with a release of a video. This will not be the first time Bovi is hosting a show but Seyi Shay might be green […]
Nigerian-based English singer-songwriter, Deborah Oluwaseyi Joshua, professionally known by her stage name Seyi Shay, is too hot to handle in new make-up photos. See Photos Below! #weddingpartymovie #SEYISHAY #seyishaylive 👗@ejiroamostafiri 👑 @moashystyling 💄 @davesucre A photo posted by SEYI SHAY (@iamseyishay) on Nov 26, 2016 at 12:24pm PST AMMMAAAAAZING MOVIE!!! […]
Seyi Shay is having the fun of her in life in Jamaica. She shared her visit to a certain Kool FM on Snapchat. She did a couple of live sessions.
Seyi Shay has released the visuals to her smash single “Pack and Go” featuring Olamide. Pack and Go is off the album “Seyi or Shay“. The video was shot by prolific video director Meji Alabi in Lagos. Although the year is quite young but this could be one of the biggest collaborations in 2016. Olamide was at his best, slamming those lyrics heavily laced with […]
Is there a problem between Tiwa Savage and Seyi Shay? Maybe or maybe not. Well according to the Nigerian songwriter and record producer, Oluwaseyi Joshua, popularly known by her stage name, Seyi Shay, says she does not really know Tiwa Savage she said in an interview on Channels TV. She was responding to a question about […]
Wow! Wow! Who saw this coming? Seyi Shay is the latest brand ambassador in the country. Pepsi just unveiled the super talented singer/songwriter as their brand ambassador. Was it not the other day she told the whole world how much she would love to become Pepsi’s Ambassador on her twitter handle @iamseyishay… “I long throat to […]
For 2. time Andy Bökamp presented Etoo - many THANKS to him for perfect performance. From lap to lap a pleasure to watch it......
Marketing Direct Mag | Highways England Incidents and events affecting the M40 Update Highways England Incidents and events affecting the M40 Update
Highways England A46 Twyford Roundabout to Salford Priors Roundabout northbound and southbound resurfacing Update
Selection of Dr. William T. Riley as the Director of the Office of Behavioral and Social Sciences Research, NIH
Statement on First NIH Alzheimer's Disease Bypass Budget for Developing Effective Modes of Treatment and Prevention by FY2025
NIAID Email Alert: Administrative Supplements for Research on Sexual and Gender Minority (SGM) Populations.
NIAID Career Opportunity: Medical Officer (physician) in the Vaccine Research Center's Clinical Trials Program
NIAID seeks an exceptional and visionary leader for the director, Office of Biodefense Research and Surety position
Agencies overestimate the importance of reputation and underestimate the importance of cost/value when pitching brands, according to recent research from Vennli. Read the full article at MarketingProfs
Journalists and writers may not be trained in marketing, but they can bring valuable and practical content-...
"Sales and Marketing alignment" has been a buzzphrase for years, but other than two teams working together,...
From reducing your costs to improving your customers' privacy, blockchain technology can seem like the perfect solution for e-commerce businesses. If you're not sure how it works exactly, read on...
Few of us would argue against the benefits of exhibiting at a tradeshow, where we can possibly reach hundreds, maybe thousands, of leads. But many of us focus so much on lead capture that we...
When making the transition to marketing automation, many B2B organizations find scale to be the biggest issue they face. Here are 10 obstacles that pop up when planning and executing campaigns...
The content qualities of the pages that rank well on Google search tend to differ significantly among topic areas, according to recent research from Searchmetrics. Read the full article at...
Account-based marketing isn't new, but many marketers still run into issues with implementation and performance. Here are six common ABM problems--and their solutions. Read the full article at...
Artificial intelligence can seem like a magical marketing solution. But beware: Investing in AI too quickly can backfire. Here's how to know if your brand is ready for AI. Read the full article...
From search-friendliness to livestreaming, the way audiences find and view videos is changing. Are you keeping up? Check out these 10 ways to make your videos stand out and keep people watching. ...
B2B buyers say not having enough information was the top factor that slowed their last purchase, according to recent research from Showpad. Read the full article at MarketingProfs
Marketers can drive more conversions by tapping into consumers' most basic and instinctual decision-making tools. Learn what happens in the human brain that helps--and hinders--the purchase...
The 2018 holiday season retail outlook is optimistic. Consumers want to spend on personal items and gifts, and advertisers want to make the most of the red-hot market. Use these tips and tricks to...
Having a content strategy in place is important, but it's not the only step to content success. Here are six considerations to ensure that your content marketing efforts are not being wasted. ...
Black Friday email messages with free shipping offers had the highest average conversion rate last year, and Cyber Monday messages with percent-off offers had the highest average conversion rate,...
Instagram's IGTV could be exactly what your marketing needs to take your social media video strategy to the next level. Here are 7 tips to help marketers use IGTV. Read the full article at...
Marketers struggle to attribute their campaigns to conversions. But the need to prove ROI is going to get only greater as marketing teams look for additional budget to spread across the many...
Thanksgiving is coming up quickly, but marketers still have time to release campaigns related to the big day. In fact, consumers are only just starting to shop for the holiday. Read on for tips on...
Nike, Apple, and Amazon are the favorite brands of Millennials in the United States, according to recent research from Moosylvania. Read the full article at MarketingProfs
Cross-functional teams help a business run more effectively, but it's easy for cross-function to become disfunction. Here are traps to avoid and tips to follow to help your teams work well...
Increasing email engagement is marketers' top priority and challenge, but email deliverability issues can undermine engagement. Unsubscribe from these 5 email myths to increase email...
SpencerHall takes a fresh approach to insight generation, concept development, and innovation with proprietary tools that engage consumers and clients more deeply, resulting in brands and new products with a stronger emotional connection to consumers
in Advertising Research, New Product Development, Content Marketing, Concept Development, Customer Experience
Isurus is a boutique B2B research firm that delivers insights and intelligence to clients in technology, commercial and industrial sectors.
in Customer Satisfaction, Marketing Strategy Consultants, Competitive/Market Intelligence, Colleges/Universities, Executive Coaching
The 280 Group is the world's leading Product Management and Product Marketing consulting and training firm, offering consulting, contractors, training, certifications, templates, books, coaching and recruiting.
in Market Research Consultants, Qualitative Research, New Product Development, Consumer Research, Analytical Services
in B2B Market Research, Competitive/Market Intelligence, Focus Group Facilities, Demographic Analytics, Needs Assessment
RiseFuel is a marketing automation and sales enablement company drawing on years of experience from within the world of digital marketing and high volume sales. Our clients have found that this helps us partner more closely with our clients and see
Mindspot Research is a full-service, global strategic marketing research company specializing in online research and rapid insights.
in Market Research Consultants, B2B Market Research, Advertising Research, New Product Development, Market Segmentation
At Bauman Research & Consulting, we understand our clients need market research that's strategic, business/market driven, and, most of all, actionable.
in Research Technology, Brand/Image Research, Other Research, Research Design/Methodology, Concept Development
6S Marketing and Drive Digital are now one agency. Major Tom is full-service and purpose built to help organizations find clarity through impactful strategies.
in Market Research Consultants, Qualitative Research, B2B Market Research, New Product Development, Consumer Research
Applied Marketing Science (AMississippi) provides market research, consulting and expert insight. Our Product and Process Innovation practice helps companies apply the Voice of the Customer
Copyright 2018 American Marketing Association. This site content may not be copied, reproduced, or redistributed without the prior written permission of the American Marketing Association or its affiliates. Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
This project uses Subversion to manage its source code. Instructions on Subversion use can be found at http://svnbook.red-bean.com/.
To commit changes to the repository, execute the following command to commit your changes (svn will prompt you for your password)
For those users who are stuck behind a corporate firewall which is blocking HTTP access to the Subversion repository, you can try to access it via the developer connection:
The Subversion client can go through a proxy, if you configure it to do so. First, edit your "servers" configuration file to indicate which proxy to use. The file's location depends on your operating system. On Linux or Unix it is located in the directory "~/.subversion". On Windows it is in "%APPDATA%\Subversion". (Try "echo %APPDATA%", note this is a hidden directory.)
There are comments in the file explaining what to do. If you don't have that file, get the latest Subversion client and run any command; this will cause the configuration directory and template files to be created.
We are sorry, the auto verification process has failed. Please do it manually to get Gold and Crystals
JavaScript’s core—most often used and most fundamental—data type is the Object data type. JavaScript has one complex data type, the Object data type, and it has five simple data types: Number, String, Boolean, Undefined, and Null. Note that these simple (primitive) data types are immutable (cannot be changed), while objects are mutable (can be changed).
An object is an unordered list of primitive data types (and sometimes reference data types) that is stored as a series of name-value pairs. Each item in the list is called a property (functions are called methods).
Think of an object as a list that contains items, and each item (a property or a method) in the list is stored by a name-value pair. The property names in the example above are firstName and favoriteAuthor. And the values are “Richard” and “Conrad.”
Property names can be a string or a number, but if the property name is a number, it has to be accessed with the bracket notation. More on bracket notation later. Here is another example of objects with numbers as the property name:
As a JavaScript developer you will most often use the object data type, mostly for storing data and for creating your own custom methods and functions.
One of the main differences between reference data type and primitive data types is reference data type’s value is stored as a reference, it is not stored directly on the variable, as a value, as the primitive data types are. For example:
It is worth noting that even though we changed person to “Bryant,” the anotherPerson variable still retains the value that person had.
In this example, we copied the person object to anotherPerson, but because the value in person was stored as a reference and not an actual value, when we changed the person.name property to “Bryant” the anotherPerson reflected the change because it never stored an actual copy of it’s own value of the person’s properties, it only had a reference to it.
Each data property (object property that store data) has not only the name-value pair, but also 3 attributes (the three attributes are set to true by default):
Note that ECMAScript 5 specifies accessor properties along with the data properties noted above. And the accessor properties are functions (getters and setters). We will learn more about ECMAScript 5 in an already-scheduled post slated for February 15.
The most common and, indeed, the easiest way to create objects is with the object literal described here:
The second most common way to create objects is with Object constructor. A constructor is a function used for initializing new objects, and you use the new keyword to call the constructor.
While you can use some reserved word such as “for” as property names in your objects, it is wise to avoid this altogether.
For simple objects that may only ever be used once in your application to store data, the two methods used above would suffice for creating objects.
Imagine you have an application that displays fruits and detail about each fruit. All fruits in your application have these properties: color, shape, sweetness, cost, and a showName function. It would be quite tedious and counterproductive to type the following every time you want to create a new fruit object.
If you have 10 fruits, you will have to add the same code 10 times. And what if you had to make a change to the nativeTo function? You will have to make the change in 10 different places. Now extrapolate this to adding objects for members on a website and suddenly you realized the manner in which we have created objects so far is not ideal objects that will have instances, particularly when developing large applications.
To solve these repetitive problems, software engineers have invented patterns (solutions for repetitive and common tasks) to make developing applications more efficient and streamlined.
Here are two common patterns for creating objects. If you have done the Learn JavaScript Properly course, you would have seen the lessons in the Code Academy used this first pattern frequently:
If you had to change the fruitName function, you only had to do it in one location. The pattern encapsulates all the functionalities and characteristics of all the fruits in by making just the single Fruit function with inheritance.
For a complete discussion on these two patterns and a thorough explanation of how each work and the disadvantages of each, read Chapter 6 of Professional JavaScript for Web Developers. You will also learn which pattern Zakas recommends as the best one to use (Hint: it is neither of the 2 above).
The two primary ways of accessing properties of an object are with dot notation and bracket notation.
Objects have inherited properties and own properties. The own properties are properties that were defined on the object, while the inherited properties were inherited from the object’s Prototype object.
To find out if a property exists on an object (either as an inherited or an own property), you use the in operator:
// Prints false because we did not define a schoolType property on the school object, and neither did the object inherit a schoolType property from its prototype object Object.prototype.
To find out if an object has a specific property as one of its own property, you use the hasOwnProperty method. This method is very useful because from time to time you need to enumerate an object and you want only the own properties, not the inherited ones.
// Prints false because the school object inherited the toString method from Object.prototype, therefore toString is not an own property of the school object.
// Create a new school object with 3 own properties: schoolName, schoolAccredited, and schoolLocation.
Properties inherited from Object.prototype are not enumerable, so the for/in loop does not show them. However, inherited properties that are enumerable are revealed in the for/in loop iteration.
/* SIDE NOTE: As Wilson (an astute reader) correctly pointed out in the comments below, the educationLevel property is not actually inherited by objects that use the HigherLearning constructor; instead, the educationLevel property is created as a new property on each object that uses the HigherLearning constructor. The reason the property is not inherited is because we use of the "this" keyword to define the property.
In the last example, note the educationLevel property that was defined on the HigherLearning function is listed as one of the school’s properties, even though educationLevel is not an own property—it was inherited.
The prototype attribute and prototype property of an object are critically important concepts to understand in JavaScript. Read my post JavaScript Prototype in Plain, Detailed Language for more.
To delete a property from an object, you use the delete operator. You cannot delete properties that were inherited, nor can you delete properties with their attributes set to configurable. You must delete the inherited properties on the prototype object (where the properties were defined). Also, you cannot delete properties of the global object, which were declared with the var keyword.
The delete operator returns true if the delete was successful. And surprisingly, it also returns true if the property to delete was nonexistent or the property could not be deleted (such as non-configurable or not owned by the object).
delete christmasList.toString; // returns true, but toString not deleted because it is an inherited method
// You can delete a property of an instance if the property is an own property of that instance. For example, we can delete the educationLevel property from the school's object we created above because the educationLevel property is defined on the instance: we used the "this" keyword to define the property when we declare the HigherLearning function. We did not define the educationLevel property on the HigherLearning function's prototype.
// If we had defined a property on the HigherLearning function's prototype, such as this educationLevel2 property:
// Then the educationLevel2 property on the instances of HigherLearning would not be own property.
To transfer your objects via HTTP or to otherwise convert it to a string, you will need to serialize it (convert it to a string); you can use the JSON.stringify function to serialize your objects. Note that prior to ECMAScript 5, you had to use a popular json2 library (by Douglas Crockford) to get the JSON.stringify function. It is now standardized in ECMAScript 5.
To Deserialize your object (convert it to an object from a string), you use the JSON.parse function from the same json2 library. This function too has been standardized by ECMAScript 5.
For more detailed coverage of JavaScript Objects, including ECMAScript 5 additions for dealing with objects, read chapter 6 of JavaScript: The Definitive Guide 6th Edition.
The “Fruit” constructor under the “Constructor Pattern for Creating Objects” has several coding errors. If you run the code through JSHint they’ll become very apparent. Properties should be ended with a semicolon (not a comma) and assignment should use the “=” sign, not the “:” — hope that helps.
I am not surprised there are errors in this particular post, because I didn’t get the chance to JSHint them and throughly review them for errors, which I am definitely doing for all the other example codes I post.
Thank you for Posts. i’m trying to get a grasp of JavaScript and i had a question related to this post in particular your example under, “Constructor Pattern for Creating Objects”.
There was an error in the code, the this.nativeTo call in the for loop was calling the this.nativeTo function. It was not calling the this.nativeTo variable (the array) we really wanted. I just fixed the error. Here is the full code
thanks for the response: So if i just wanted to see the output of [“South America”, “Central America”, “West Africa”] from mangoFruit i would need to type in the entire code in the console?
Since you already have the Fruit function in a JS file, then you don’t have to put the entire code in FireFox. I didn’t know you had it in a JS file already.
1. To solve these repetitive problems, software engineers have invented patterns (clever was to solve common receptive tasks) to make developing applications more efficient.
2. In the last example, note the educationLevel property that was defined on the HigherLearning function is not listed as one of the school’s properties, even though educationLevel is not an own property—it was inherited.
“To delete a property from an object, you use the delete operator. You cannot delete properties that were inherited, nor can you delete properties with their attributes set to configurable. ”
It seems that I can delete the educationalLevel property from the school object (delete school.educationLevel) even though it is inherited from HigherLearning. Indeed, when that property is deleted, it is also deleted from HigherLearning. Am I seeing this right?
I updated the post with a detailed explanation of why we can delete the educationLevel property from the school object.
BTW, the educationLevel property was not deleted from the HigherLearning function. See the additional “delete” details I added to the post.
Ah! I was faked out by the “true” returned when I deleted the inherited property and indeed, that property _was_ deleted (better to say “removed”?) from the child object. Silly me, I did not check to see that, of course, the prototype object still had the property. This makes sense now. Thank you.
I think you need to write a book. As someone totally new to programming I’ve had a hard time reading the books you’ve suggested. Some things are easy to grasp but once I got to Objects I wanted to bang my head against the wall. This post is so much easier to understand! I feel like I have a much better understanding now. You explained it so clearly and the examples were easy to follow. Thank you.
I took your advice and work through almost everything here and elsewhere (in the console, editor etc.)…
Question: This may be pretty basic but given the fact you can change variables at will, doesn’t that make them mutable? I mean if I declare…
When you change a variable to a new string, you are redefining the variable and giving it a new value. Technically, this means that in the JS engine (behind the scenes), the first variable is destroyed and it is redefined with a new string. So you didn’t actually change the variable; the original string was literally destroyed, then the new string was created and assigned to the same variable.
The string was never changed, because strings in JavaScript are immutable—they cannot be changed. It appears that behind the scenes a new string is being created and returned every time we execute one of the string methods like toLowerCase().
I understand the point, this chapter was trying to convey with primitive vs. reference values, and I understand when “person” was passed in “setName” it picks up the value of “NIcholas” (it appears the argument “person” is going down the body of the function).
So is the creation of “obj = new Object() in effect acting as a “break” in a way to stop the argument from becoming “Greg?”
You are correct, Tomas. I forgot to wrap the strings (inside the nativeToLand array) in quotes. I fixed it above.
the whole premise of those patterns is IF you want to override the value returned ( by using the return keyword )
AND both patterns “hide” what created it and any information about its type other then its prototype is the native Object. It also means each property that is a function is in the global namespace too?
There is no single pattern that should ALWAYS be used for every circumstance, but there are a couple of patterns that are more optimal, more well conceived than the others.
Richard, good to hear from you, I am taking my JS skills to advance level. I find your articles very well written, easy to follow. Keep up the good work. Thanks
Thank you for the wonderful words, Sajay. I am very happy to hear my blog is helping you, and that you are taking your JS skills to the advanced level.
In this example, you described “educationLevel” as an inherited property. However, my understanding is that this isn’t accurate (although I could totally be wrong here). First, school.hasOwnProperty(“educationLevel”) returns true which implies that this is an own property on the school object. Second, my understanding is that when the new keyword is used with a constructor function, the invocation context is the newly created object. Therefore, the “this” keyword in the HigherLearning function refers to the newly created object (i.e. this.educationLevel refers to school.educationLevel).
Since the “this” keyword in the Constructor points to the newly created object, in this case the school object, and therefore the educationLevel property will be created on the school object, then it follows that educationLevel is not really inherited from the Constructor, but rather, it is a property that is actually created (new property) on the school object upon invocation of said school object.
Keep pointing out errors whenever you find them. I am happy to update the articles and rid them of all typos, grammar mistakes, errors, technical missinformation, and the like.
Thanks for posting the Excellent Topics!, and the way of clearing the concept. this article help me how to write code in advance level. It really helpful for programmer.
Below is the full code that I copied and pasted from the article above. You can run it in JSBin or your console and you will see that it runs just fine, with the expected results.
Thanks very much for your persistent, peacelion, I just found the error and I fixed it. The code was indeed missing the “this.” Good catch.
Thank you, I am very happy that the blog is proving to be helpful and instructive. I really appreciate your kind words.
Thanks a lot for this article and others on js. I have been struggling to learn the OOP concepts in javascript and has been too lazy to go through voluminous books but I do have spent time on google and youtubes reading articles and watching videos and then I suddenly stumbled upon your blog. You have a great simple way of explaining such complex topics. I am planning to read most of your posts and I hope you keep adding content on the website. I will refer this to all my friends who want to deep dive into the OOP concents of JS.
Pingback: Apply, Call, and Bind Methods are Essential for JavaScript Professionals | JavaScript is Sexy
console.log’s end parenthesis is replaced with an end curly brace instead. Thanks for the post! The track is helping me a lot so far!
We have one object and we don’t make its properties with prototype pattern. Then we make another object that inherits the properties of the first object now we use prototype pattern to say the second object inherits all the properties of the first one. Am I right?
Richard, i know you appreciate typo notifications, so here’s one for you: in the article above, the word RETAIN needs to be plural.
And you are correct that I do really appreciate typos, bugs, grammatical errors, and all such notifications.
What an awesome read! Helped demistify the subject completely…and the subject on prototyping was awesome.
Thanks for the great article! I’m on week three of your javascript program and I’m learning much more than my previously failed attempts using other methods.
Just reread this post and now I totally get it! I actually reread the post about ‘passing by value vs. reference’
“JavaScript has one complex data type, the Object data type, and it has five simple data types: Number, String, Boolean, Undefined, and Null. Note that these simple (primitive) data types are immutable, they cannot be changed, while objects are mutable.”
1. What you have done is add a method to the String prototype, which you can do for any of the data type.
By “immutable”, we mean you cannot change the instance of the data type: If you create a string instance, you cannot change it. You can alter a copy of it and save the copy to another variable, but the original string will not be changed.
On the other hand, if we make any changes to an Object data type, such as an array, look what happens:
i had learned javascript for past two weeks and wile printing output i used document.write but now onward while i am going to learn more advance javascript i find console.log instead of document.write i cannot diffirentiate their working mechanism.
console.log(“xyz”); – prints “xyz” on the console of the browser, not on the browser HTML page. only the developer can see this, not the user of the website and hence, it is mainly used for debugging.
Thanks for the post. It was very useful for me as i am just beginning on the JS journey, it cleared quite a few concepts.
“To delete a property from an object, you use the delete operator. You cannot delete properties that were inherited, nor can you delete properties with their attributes set to configurable.”
I found the sections “Accessing and Enumerating Properties on Objects” and “Accessing Inherited Properties” highly confusing as you don’t seem to go over exclusively enumerating own properties, rather you seem to demonstrate inheritance in two ways.
Very Very good example indeed, i know quit a lot about javascript, but still i learnt so much, especially foreach, delete property good
I was wondering about the following. You mentioned that using the constructor pattern for creating objects, you can easily make changes ones which permeate everywhere: “If you had to change the fruitName function, you only had to do it in one location. The pattern encapsulates all the functionalities and characteristics of all the fruits in by making just the single Fruit function with inheritance.”
How would I do that? Let’s say I created a couple of fruits with the Fruit() constructors and now I want them all to have a different showName() method. How would I accomplish that?
Sorry, I like your posts. I go ADD when I see “it’s” when it should be “its”, I stop reading and wonder why that happens and if the code might have a typo as well.
Great post! Under “Deleting Properties of an Object ,” you’ve written.. “nor can you delete properties with their attributes set to configurable.”
I’ve been following through your advanced web developers track, and it’s been great so far, but I’ve hit a wall on objects. I don’t understand getters and setters (and accessor/data properties in general), which you don’t seem to mention, but chapter 6 does in detail.
What is the value of using a ‘value’ accessor property over simply assigning a value to an attribute normally?
Also, what purpose do get and set fill? Get runs a function when that property is accessed (in the example, “year”), and set runs a function when that property is written to? Am I understanding correctly? I still feel shaky on objects in general, but I feel like I have a foundation to work on. I don’t feel remotely that way about these properties.
If I understand correctly, get lays out the behavior for what the defined property should do when it’s called. In the case of the example in the book, on page 177, that is simply to return the same value that _year holds. (But why not just define year to begin with and skip the _year assignment? What do we gain from that?)
Set, on the other hand, lays out the behavior for what year should do when it’s written to. In the case of this example, it updates its own value (and _year) as well as updating the edition accordingly.
Apologies to deluge with comments. I’m just questioning the real world utility of defineProperty(). For example, doesn’t this code snippet accomplish the same thing as the example on page 177, without using this property? It just seems like needless complication.
I found the use of functions together with “new” keyword interesting. Maybe you should a a bit explaining how/why this works in JS.
In the “Constructor pattern for objects” section, there needs to be a semi-colon at the end of the braces
Hi, I really love your posts, I need to say that I love to follow you, but I have one question. I saw that you recommend several books, like “JavaScript.The Definitive Guide” or Professional JavaScript for Web Developers” ….so I took the decision to stard reading one of these, but I must choose only one, not both because there is no time for both, so why would you think is better?
“In the last example, note the educationLevel property that was defined on the HigherLearning function is listed as one of the school’s properties, even though educationLevel is not an own property—it was inherited.”
I saw the note where you add that the educationLevel property is not actually inherited by objects that use the HigherLearning constructor, so I think I get it.
But this text is confusing “educationLevel is not an own property—it was inherited” and below ” educationLevel is an own property on school, so we can delete it​”
In the first condition you said that educationLevel is not the own property of school it’s inherited. In second instance while deleting you said it has own property..Little bit confused.
First You cannot delete if property of object is set to Configurable. In the post you said the three attributes i.e configurable, enumerable and writable are set to true by default. If yes then how can you delete properties of any objects without setting configurable to false. which I don’t see in any of your examples
Second You said properties of any object with var keyword cannot be deleted while you have the same in the following example. What is correct or what am I missing ? Kindly Explain?
Second You said properties of any object with var keyword cannot be deleted while you have the same in the following example. What is correct or what am I missing ? Kindly Explain
TL;DR The second time the name property is set, the obj variable points to another -the newly created- object than the first time, which dies after the function execution finishes.
Here a new object is created and the obj variable is reassigned to point to it. When the name property is set on the line following, it is thus set on that object. Once the function finishes execution, because of its scope this object dies. Back in the global scope, the person variable points to the original object again, which had its name property set to’Nicholas’.
kindly write a article regarding mongoose explanation as it is frequently used in node js and regular expressions if possible.
​// Prints false because we did not define a schoolType property on the school object, and neither did the object inherit a schoolType property from its prototype object Object.prototype.​
Can you elaborate when you referring to “neither did the object inherit schoolType ……from its prototype object” What is object Object.prototype.​ Where do we find this in the example
It is good article sir, but there is correction in first example that native place of “Mango” is India…not an America, the scientific word of mango is “Mangifera indica”. Do search on mango on internet you will find:
“The common mango species, or Mangifera indica, grows on the largest fruit tree in the world. Mango trees are native to northeast India, where Hindu writings about mangoes date back to 4000 B.C. Mangoes were domesticated in India, and spread to East Asia around 400 B.C. By the 10th century, mangoes were cultivated in East Africa, followed by the Philippines in the 15th century. Portuguese traders brought mango seeds along their route, spreading the trees to their African and Brazilian colonies in the 16th century.”
I have little confusion in accessing the property in the object basically through bracket notation without quotes ” ”
Oops, i’ve made a mistake. I reviewed my code again and found that. Sorry for that. Anyway, your blog is awesome and help me a lot. Thank u!
Your articles are great, if you can then plz include summary sections at the end, some bullet points for quick referencing. I often find myself having to read the entire article again.
I know you don’t update it any longer (which is REALLY sad…), but the page is a really helpful and I hope you will change this so other people won’t get confused.
I think it would not be an own property if it was defined on HigherLearning.prototype, e.g HigherLearning.prototype.educationLevel.
The 4-storied library is one of KSOM greatest educational assets containing thousands of books, journals and databases.
The recently appointed secretary of agriculture and forestry for the Commonwealth of Virginia will share career insights during 11:15 a.m. keynote address.
Ferrum, Va. (Sept. 16, 2016) – Basil I. Gooden, who was appointed secretary of agriculture and forestry for the Commonwealth of Virginia in July, will be the next executive in residence at Ferrum College on Wed., Sept. 21, 2016. During his time at the College, Gooden will share his career experiences with students in a number of classes and give a public keynote address at 11:15 a.m. in the Blue Ridge Mountain Room in Franklin Hall on campus.
Prior to his appointment as Virginia secretary of agriculture and forestry by Governor Terry McAuliffe, Gooden was selected by President Obama for the role of state director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development for the Commonwealth of Virginia. Gooden previously served as the chief deputy director of the Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development and the state director of USDA Rural Development for the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Before joining USDA, he served as the chief deputy director of the Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development, as the coordinator of outreach and community relations at Virginia Tech, and with the Virginia Cooperative Extension as an extension specialist where he designed and implemented a statewide research project to assess community issues impacting localities across Virginia. Some of his previous professional experiences include working as a legislative assistant to a former U.S congressman from the Fifth Congressional District of Virginia and a legislative aide to a former U.S. senator from Virginia. He is an active board member of several statewide organizations such as the Council for Rural Virginia, Housing Virginia, EarthCraft Virginia, Preservation Virginia, and the Virginia Cooperative Extension State Extension Leadership Council. He previously served as an advisor on the Buckingham/Cumberland County FSA County Committee.
Gooden is a native of Buckingham County, Va., where he and his family still own and operate a cattle farm.
The Executive in Residence initiative at Ferrum College brings the real world business experience of current and retired business professionals to campus. Guest executives tour the College, audit classes, interact with students and faculty, and are asked to deliver a lecture sharing their personal experiences and philosophies. Speakers offer insight on the knowledge, skills and leadership qualities necessary for a successful business career.
World-class sailing and water sports combined with easy access to mountain activities and historical sites are helping to transform the Turkish town of Kaş...
FethiyeTimes is your holiday news, entertainment, travel, local attractions, food and culture website for Fethiye and surrounding area.
Play badminton in Fethiye and Seydikemer Did you know you can play badminton in Fethiye and Seydikemer? The group is open to all levels of experience, from those who have never played before to member[...]
Cat Walk Fashion Show – with afternoon tea and entertainment Saturday 17th November at Akkent Garden Hotel from 3 – 6.30 pm. 45 TL per person. Transport can be arranged from Üzümlü. To reserve your[...]
Çalış Car Boot Sale Stalls for the car boot sale must be booked in advance at the FETAV office in Fethiye.
Scottish Country Dance Classes – every Monday from 2pm to 4pm Suitable for all ages and abilities. Have fun whilst learning an age old custom of the Celtic nation. Classes will take place on the[...]
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies.
Robert-Jan Scheer: "It’s not so easy to define the platform because there is nothing similar to it" | INCLUDE Platform
Home » Robert-Jan Scheer: “It’s not so easy to define the platform because there is nothing similar to it”
After talking to researchers Saskia Vossenberg, Dr Zeremarian Fre and Franziska Gassmann, it’s time for a policymaker to feature in our INCLUDE testimonials. INCLUDE aims to achieve better research–policy linkages on inclusive development in Africa so we talk today with Robert-Jan Scheer from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA). Currently, Robert-Jan is the strategic advisor for Africa at the MFA, and his department contributes to a more equal relationship between the Netherlands and Africa. This productive relationship contributes to sustainable welfare, safety and stability in African countries. Before joining the MFA, Robert-Jan worked in Bolivia, Senegal, Burkina Faso and Zambia.
The INCLUDE secretariat launched a series called ‘Giving the platform a face’. This series focuses on the people who contribute to INCLUDE’s knowledge pool, including platform members, researchers and policymakers. It provides insight into what drives our contributors, including their interests and passions, as well as their expertise in the field of inclusive development. We ask those who contribute what the personal value of INCLUDE is to them and how they see the future of this dynamic knowledge platform.
Robert-Jan joined INCLUDE 4 years ago and he has been part of the Include Steering Group (SG) ever since. When discussing the work of the SG he emphasizes:
“What makes the SG so engaging is the diversity in the group: we have experts from several countries and with various backgrounds and together we decide on the course of the platform itself.”
“It’s not so easy to define the platform because there is nothing similar to it. There are only a few think-tanks focused on such an upcoming theme with both Northern and Southern partners involved. This focus makes INCLUDE unique, however, this also makes it harder to define from the outside and makes people question “what, precisely, are you doing?”
Although Robert-Jan is not using INCLUDE’s work on a day-to-day basis, he acknowledges INCLUDE’s contribution to discussions on various topics. INCLUDE generates knowledge with the results of the research groups and also collates the existing knowledge on several different themes and makes these accessible:
“In the Ministry we are looking for a gathering of knowledge to give an agenda a broader context, which INCLUDE sets out with its knowledge products and network(s)”
Robert-Jan explains that there is a demand within the MFA for a relevant connection with research, to strengthen policy with contextualized knowledge and expertise. The five knowledge platforms provide a positive environment to facilitate this policy-research connection directly.
Robert-Jan is personally interested in the challenge that policymakers face in connecting with citizens and having an ongoing dialogue on what’s genuinely needed:
“INCLUDE relates to this challenge of policymakers by pointing out the responsibilities of decision makers, as well as in which areas the opportunities might be. INCLUDE touches upon responsive governance by asking the right questions and identifying possible areas of opportunity. The answers will not be easy to find, it’s a long process but the fact that these questions are posed is very important”
With an eye on the future, Robert-Jan encourages INCLUDE to enhance and strengthen the community of knowledge-sharing and to continue facilitating knowledge brokering between different stakeholders:
“This is truly an art in itself, which takes a lot of time to master; to connect different parties (academics, policy makers, practitioners) with different interests. To create a dialogue between those different parties is difficult and asks for perseverance, but if you can create a common understanding, this can lead to valuable insights”
Carina Bos works at WO=MEN (pronounced women equals men), the Dutch Gender Platform. WO=MEN is an innovative network in which various development, gender and women’s rights organizations, entrepreneurs, and activists work together. The platform is committed to a world in which all men and women have equal rights and opportunities. Carina explains how, throughout her […]
Johan Veul: “To stay up-to-date in a constantly changing world, we need external knowledge to enhance our decision-making capability”
For this testimonial, we spoke with Johan Veul, who is head of the Sustainable Economic Development Department (DDE) at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA). The DDE aims to contribute to sustainable inclusive economic growth by supporting investment, climate and entrepreneurship. Before joining the MFA, Johan worked for SNV for 12 years in different countries […]
Maria Verschoor: “The platform’s activities help increase the use of research findings by policymakers”
Maria Verschoor, policy officer at NWO-WOTRO Science for Global Development, has experienced first-hand how research consortia are engaged in disseminating knowledge through the INCLUDE knowledge platform. Maria is the day-to-day coordinator of NWO-WOTRO’s programme “Research for Inclusive Development in Sub-Sahara Africa” (RIDSSA). Seventeen research projects have been financed through this programme, which fall under the […]
Archives for March 2015 | Inclusive Golf Academy - golf lessons & tuition at the Leamington and County Golf Club
I thought I’d share with you all the proof that I’m a student of the game just like everyone else and I definitely haven’t mastered it…… Yet! This Friday here at the Inclusive Golf Academy at Leamington and County Golf…
A doll living in ‘Barbieland’ is expelled for not being perfect enough and sets off on an adventure in the real world. A Live-action ...
Diocese Of Fall River Pro-Life Essay Contest Massachusetts. The Anchor | Official Catholic newspaper of the Diocese of Fall River, Massachusetts | The Anchor
The Diocese of Green Bay's Rural Life Committee meets the pastoral needs of families in rural areas by:
All are invited to celebrate and support Rural Life 2018 in the Diocese of Green Bay at one of the two celebrations. Rural Life Day is an opportunity to:
Collections taken at Masses go to scholarships for students pursuing a degree in a field supporting rural life.
Luncheon Tickets: Meal tickets must be purchased seven days before the event by mailing, calling or emailing Holy Family Parish:
Luncheon Tickets: Meal tickets must be purchased seven days before the event by mailing, calling or emailing Sacred Heart Parish:
Pam JahnkeNortheastern Wisconsin native Pam Jahnke will be the luncheon speaker. Jahnke learned the farm work ethic growing up on her family's 200-acre dairy farm. She was active in 4-H and FFA, serving as a 4-H camp counselor, a dairy exhibitor in county fairs, and Oconto County's Dairy Queen.
Jahnke studied broadcast journalism and agriculture at UW-River Falls. In October of 1990, Jahnke became farm director in Madison and grew her farm broadcast from a single station in Madison to today's statewide 23-radio station WI Farm Report Network, plus daily reports on Madison's CBS affiliate WISC-TV.
In 2010 she was named president of the National Association of Farm Broadcasting and the Farm Broadcaster of the Year in 2013.
Students in grades 1-3, 4-5, and 6-8 will be invited to write an essay or draw a picture on a theme to be announced later. Winning entrants will receive a Culver's gift card and their entries will be published in the Rural Life Issue of The Compass.
Derek Schmidt Elizabeth BekkersElizabeth Bekkers and Derek Schmidt received the 2017 Rural Life Scholarships.
Elizabeth Bekkers, a member of St. James Parish in Cooperstown, received the scholarship check from Jim Wavrunek of the Rural Life Committee May 24, 2017, at the Denmark High School awards ceremony.
Derek Schmidt, a member of Holy Family Parish in Brillion, received the scholarship check from Greg Bohman of the Rural Life Committee May 24, 2017, at the Brillion High School awards ceremony.
Rural Life Committee members gratefully share memorable ways to celebrate God's wonderful blessings, the harvest, Thanksgiving and the bounty of Northeast Wisconsin, including festivals, recipes, prayers, and games.
Prayers from Catholic Rural Life (CRL), a national, Catholic nonprofit organization dedicated to the vitality of the American countryside.
Deb Wegner-Hohensee | (920) 272-8286 | This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Continuing a long tradition this October, Massachusetts Citizens for Life will honor Respect Life Month with our Annual Massachusetts March for Life around Boston Common on Sunday, October 1, 2017 from 1 to 4pm.
The day begins with a brief pre-march rally at the Parkman Bandstand with musicians and pro-life speakers, including Cardinal Seán O’Malley, to energize the crowd before we set off on a joyful march around the perimeter of the Boston Public Garden and Boston Common.
Various Massachusetts organizations dedicated to supporting the physical and emotional needs of pregnant women and children in crisis will benefit from the proceeds raised at the March. See a list of participating organizations below:
The March is an inspiring opportunity for pro-life supporters of all ages to give public witness to their belief in the value and sanctity of all human life. We can also celebrate the gains we have made in the respect for life, including a decrease in the numbers of annual abortions in Massachusetts by half over the past couple of decades.
Please come join us for a day you will always remember and send a clear message to the world that we value life in Massachusetts!
As we do each year, we’ll be asking marchers to support a variety of Massachusetts organizations that provide pro-life services of various kinds.
To complement this week's Words of Wisdom, my outline of The Book of Genesis is available in Bible Outlines.
My material discussing Rosh Hashanah and Jewish Special Days is available in Publications On Judaism.
Continuing the theme of God's existence, my outline of The Book of Genesis is now available in Bible Outlines.
Transcripts from Words of Wisdom for the week of October 3, 2016 are now available on the Transcripts page.
Transcripts from Words of Wisdom for the first week of August are now available on the Transcripts page.
Transcripts are provided as PDF files for easy printing and/ or reading on smart devices. To know more, please click here.
A blonde walks into a doctor's office with two burnt ears. The doctor asks, "How'd you burn your ears?"
The blonde answers, "It was the funniest thing! I was busy ironing when the phone rang, but instead of picking up the phone I accidentally picked up the iron."
Bestselling author Destiny Hawkins brings you the first installment of a steamy paranormal romance series where a dark queen has met her match, and a wolf has met his mate.
It’s been eleven years since my father cursed Crystal City, since he condemned me to a life of loneliness and misery. By taking away everything that my mother loved, he took everything that I knew and cared for. Everything, but the throne. Only what good was being a queen in a city of mindless killers? A city that would never see the sunlight until the day of my death.
The night that Wolfe was dragged into my palace, I knew that my life would never be the same. We were childhood friends once, but we went our separate ways. He became captain of the pirates, and I ascended to the diamond throne.
My once sworn protector had become my enemy, but we were both alone, and the connection we felt was almost unbearable to ignore.
We stared at one another, her probably wondering how I was going to kill her, and me, wondering if I should even kill her at all. I knew that Falcon would never intentionally hurt me, which meant that he truly did love her, and I understood that for this woman, she couldn’t help who she fell in love with. Who wouldn’t fall for a man like Falcon?
“Get it over with, Queen Allora,” the head of the council, Declan, said. His bright red eyes darkened into a maroon shade as his lips curved into a smile. It was hard to believe that he was once an innocent little boy. “You’re torturing yourself. This man betrayed you, and this woman crossed you. He was your lover, and yet, she was his lover. That doesn’t sound right to me. Don’t let him soften you with his pleading, and don’t let her tears fool you. They both knew exactly what they were doing.”
“Allora.” Falcon growled. “Don’t listen to him. He has no heart. You’re not like him ― you don’t have to do this to her. Whatever you’re thinking, just―”
“Quiet!” I yelled. “I trusted you…” I couldn’t finish my sentence, but I would finish what I came here to do.
The woman whimpered again as I reached down to touch her shoulder, and once my hand was resting against her shaking body, I realized that we were both equally afraid. She was afraid of dying, and I was afraid of losing the little good in me that I had left.
The woman swallowed, her blue eyes filling with more tears as she stared into my cold greens. “I’m sorr―”
Before she could finish her apology, I ripped my hand away, leaving her body to be engulfed in blue flames.
Destiny Hawkins lives in Cleveland, Ohio, and is currently working on her first Erotica called Shattered Glass & the second book to The Blue Moon Series, The Dark Bloods.
Destiny enjoys cooking, running, listening to music, and reading plus, of course, writing! Her favorite genres to read and work in are Fantasy, LGBT, Paranormal, Romance, Dystopian, Sci-fi, and young adult. She’s been a writer since she was nine years old, with Caged being her very first novel and she has more to come!! Much...much more.
After attempting to help the FBI expose a ruthless weapons and drug dealer, Owen Fixx, Amber Kelly enters the Witness Protection Program. Unfortunately, her sister, who was once married to said drug dealer, is forced to join her—key word, forced. When Rachel grows tired of their new life and runs off with a local man, a nightmare ensues for Amber. The only person who can help her is Gage Morgan, an edgy former police officer. The mysterious and compelling Gage must convince Amber that he is not only on her side, but he is also her best bet to stay alive. Amber wants her sister back. What she doesn’t want is to be attracted to her sexy new protector. But in the haunted Smoky Mountains of Tennessee, desire trumps logic. And it leaves a smoldering trail for Fixx’s gunmen to follow.
She shivered, hopefully from the cold. “Can we get into Bear’s truck, start it, and get warm?” For an answer, Gage opened the door and, circling her waist with his hands, helped her up and in. The engine did indeed sound like a locomotive—a very old, very rough one that backfired from time to time.
She pulled off Bear’s slicker and shook her hair loose. “I could have said no when I was approached. It’s a sentence unto itself, and I’ve used it before, many times.”
“No, I’m not. I look and act that way, but inside, my mind’s buzzing. Constantly whipping thoughts around. And being with you isn’t helping me combat that.”
Punch him or laugh. It was a tough choice. Amber took the less aggressive path and, tipping her head at him, smiled.
“Maybe a little of both. But then, they say patients often fall in love with their doctors, so who knows which feelings are valid and which aren’t?”
“Making out doesn’t require feelings.” Reaching over, Gage caught a strand of her hair and played with it. “It’s a jungle thing.”
Her situation with Fixx wasn’t the only form of insanity, Amber reflected. On the other hand, she could be dead by tomorrow, so why not indulge her senses?
One quick taste, she promised herself and let him use the hair he still held to draw her forward. Rain wouldn’t melt her, and neither would a kiss. Quick and simple and…
She caught hold of his jacket as he hauled her across the seat, and took his mouth with a hunger she hadn’t realized she possessed.
Hadn’t realized he possessed, either. The taste of him exploded in her head the instant his lips met hers. There was heat and need and far too many other sensations for her to untangle.
The self-control she’d prided herself on possessing splintered. She wanted more than just a kiss, much more than a taste. She wanted to explore his mouth, then take that exploration deeper, lower until she’d seen and felt every part of him.
He used his tongue to probe her mouth. She used her teeth to nip. His hands slid from her shoulders to her arms, then up again to cup her head and hold it steady for a more thorough invasion.
“Definitely going crazy.” She drew back ever so slightly, couldn’t seem to find air in the truck. Could a person suffocate from desire? “This shouldn’t be happening.”
“Yeah, well, life’ll screw you around sometimes.” Gage kissed her cheek. Then he captured her mouth again and made her head spin.
Her fists clenched on Gage’s jacket as reality crashed in. She tore her mouth from his. “Those aren’t rockets.”
More shots blasted through the air. Amber hit the ground and remained low. A small army of Fixx’s men was all she could think.
“Look right,” Gage said from in front of her. “They’re up on that knoll. We’ll have to circle back to Bear’s shack.”
Amber didn’t argue, didn’t hesitate. She pulled the gun from the pocket of her hoodie and ran with him.
Jenna Ryan was born in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, but spent her childhood in several different areas of the country. She began creating stories before she could read. Growing up, romance alone had a strong appeal, but as it turned out, romantic suspense was the perfect fit. After all, what could be better than adding the darker elements of a mystery to a romantic relationship? And, oh, the fun of those secondary characters. Over the years, she has worked in several different industries, including modeling, interior design and travel, however, writing has always been her passion - even if she didn't go about it in the usual way. She earned a degree in Creative Writing from the University of Victoria in British Columbia and currently lives in a semi-rural setting fifteen minutes from that city.
This was my life. A never-ending cycle of shows and appearances and, as of late, an ever-growing list of bad behavior.
I lifted the silver flask up to my lips, then screwed my face into a snarl when my lips and tongue stayed dry. “Why is this empty?” I said to everyone and anyone.
I gave them a withering look. “You don’t get paid for sarcasm. Fill it.” Thrusting the flask toward the minion, I dismissed him and gazed out the window. My knee bounced rapidly. The nervous energy coiling in my system was never satiated. Not even when my veins had more alcohol in them than blood.
Seconds later, the flask appeared under my nose, and I swiped it up and tipped it back. The familiar burn of vodka slid down my throat. After two long draws, I pulled it back, tucking it into my chest to sigh.
“Where are we again?” I asked as the limo slid to a stop. Even through the heavily tinted windows, the flashbulbs from all the press and fans were blinding. I slid the Versace sunglasses down off my head, over my eyes.
People were banging on the windows, trying to peer in. Their hot breath left clouds on the outside of the glass, and security shouted at everyone to get back.
“Then shut up.” I turned away, back to the window and the chaos that reigned beyond it. I took another long swig of the top-shelf vodka.
As the door opened, I stuffed the flask into my tailored, leather designer jacket. It wasn’t available to the public yet, not for anyone who wasn’t me.
Screams and shrill cries cut through the night, drowning out all my own thoughts, making me feel numb.
The second my foot stretched out of the ride, the noise level went up about twenty notches. Unfolding from the backseat, I felt the familiar weight of the flask in my pocket.
Everyone went crazy. Women were crying, even some dudes. A plethora of hands and arms reached out over the guardrails, straining to touch me, as everyone screamed my name.
Just before the entrance to the venue, I stopped and went to the rail again, posing to take a selfie with a few fans.
A man with a camera and a bag of white shit clutched in his hands jumped in front of us. “You suck!” he spat and lifted the bag, no doubt to bomb me with whatever that shit was.
“Whoa!” My bodyguards pushed me out of the way as the powder disbursed all over the ground instead of all over me, as was intended.
The asshole lunged to the side, managing to get out of the clutches of my guard. He sprang toward me. I didn’t think. I just reacted and threw out my fist, nailing him right in the face.
He went down, falling right in the center of the mess he created. His body writhed as he screamed and yelled. “My nose!” he wailed. “You broke my nose.”
“Probably.” She amended, no give in her voice. “But it doesn’t matter. You know this is going to be yet another PR nightmare. One you can’t afford.”
I drained the contents of the flask and then dropped it on the table beside me. My assistant was nearby, and I motioned for him to fill it up again.
I moved across the room, swiping the flask out of the minion’s hand to take a lengthy, healthy swig before thrusting it back. Wiping my mouth with the back of my hand, I belched.
Snatching my arm back, I strode out and went down the long hallway toward the stage. People parted as I walked, making room for me.
The wail of the crowd could be heard even back here. The act who warmed them up must have done their job. I couldn’t even remember who it was.
“Suit up!” someone yelled, and I was gestured toward the back. A few minutes later, I was strapped into some kind of harness with cables, and the crowd began to chant my name.
Anger rose up inside me. Anger at everything and everyone. Energy from the crowd, the music, everything in this entire building pressed in, fighting for room inside my body, pushing out who I was as a person, and dominating.
The air was thick with heat, even the A/C pouring through the large vents was no match for the way it suffocated everything around me. The crush of bodies, the lights, equipment—all created a barrier. The heat would only grow more intense as the show went on.
I nodded again. I’d done this so much sometimes I dreamed about flying. Some nights it was a nightmare, falling into a dark, bottomless abyss. Just me falling, rapidly plummeting farther into nothing.
Other nights, it wasn’t so scary. It was a tease. I started out here, backstage, hooked up and ready to fly high. Only when my feet finally left the stage, everyone and everything fell away. I flew off, suddenly unbound by a harness and able to go anywhere I pleased. Away from here. Away from it all.
Music started up. Lights dimmed. People went wild. Adrenaline flooded my veins, and my stomach tilted a little. I blinked back the woozy feeling and shook my head slightly. When I opened my eyes, the world wasn’t tilted like my stomach and my feet were hovering over ground.
My voice filled the arena as it did every concert night. The fans couldn’t see me yet, but my words were everywhere.
The familiar whooshing sound of fog machines pumping out mist filled the stage, and I stared down, watching it fill the space like fog on the set of a horror movie.
I kept going higher and higher above the thousands of people in attendance. Some had glow-sticks, waiving them around. Others had lighters. Some people just screamed.
The crush of bodies made me instantly tired. The anger I felt warred with the exhaustion. All these people claimed to love me… but I knew better.
Maybe some did, sure. But most? They were here to watch me fail. Hoping to see some bad behavior. Hoping I’d give them yet another reason to hate me.
I’d be front page news tomorrow, regardless of how well this concert went tonight. Regardless of how successful this entire tour had been.
I’d be the lead headline because I decked a “fan.” Never mind he was trying to fucking flour-bomb me, then attack me when that was thwarted.
Up here above it all, I got some sudden clarity. Like I was finally blissfully alone in a crowded arena.
The familiar beat of a song written just for me obliterated all other sounds. Below me, the crowd roared and bounced around, looking like a giant mosh pit.
“Who’s ready for the best night of your life?” I asked the crowd, and the harness swung me down closer.
Since I was basically tied up, flying high, my options for getting away, for getting the hell out of there, were limited.
Nimbly, my fingers reached for the zipper on my jeans. As the crew swung me toward the stage, I opened up. I released all the vodka that had been filling up my bladder and making me uncomfortable as hell.
I finished up and gave it a little shake. My feet hit the stage. The cords holding me snapped free. My band, everyone on stage with me, was gaping in shock.
I tucked myself back into my jeans, feeling much lighter than before. Everyone was still losing their minds. I held up my hands, and the place went silent.
Cambria Hebert is an award winning, bestselling novelist of more than twenty books. She went to college for a bachelor’s degree, couldn’t pick a major, and ended up with a degree in cosmetology. So rest assured her characters will always have good hair.
Besides writing, Cambria loves a caramel latte, staying up late, sleeping in, and watching movies. She considers math human torture and has an irrational fear of chickens (yes, chickens). You can often find her running on the treadmill (she’d rather be eating a donut), painting her toenails (because she bites her fingernails), or walking her chorkie (the real boss of the house).
Cambria has written within the young adult and new adult genres, penning many paranormal and contemporary titles. Her favorite genre to read and write is romantic suspense. A few of her most recognized titles are: The Hashtag Series, Text, Torch, and Tattoo.
New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Laura Kaye brings you the third novel in her Raven Riders Series, RIDE WILD. A sexy contemporary romance series, and a spin-off from Laura’s Hard Ink world, about a different kind of motorcycle club with a protective mission. The Raven Riders Series takes you on an adventure and kicks it into overdrive! RIDE WILD is the hot and emotional story of a sexy single father wild with grief over the death of his wife several years before and the strong survivor he hires to be his nanny. Order your copy of RIDE WILD today!
Wild with grief over the death of his wife, Sam “Slider” Evans merely lives for his two sons. Nothing holds his interest anymore—not even riding his bike or his membership in the Raven Riders Motorcycle Club. But that all changes when he hires a new babysitter.
Recently freed from a bad situation by the Ravens, Cora Campbell is determined to bury the past. When Slider offers her a nanny position, she accepts, needing the security and time to figure out what she wants from life. Cora adores his sweet boys, but never expected the red-hot attraction to their brooding, sexy father. If only he would notice her…
Slider does see the beautiful, fun-loving woman he invited into his home. She makes him feel too much, and he both hates it and yearns for it. But when Cora witnesses something she shouldn’t have, the new lives they’ve only just discovered are threatened. Now Slider must claim—and protect—what’s his before it’s too late.
“Hey, Cora,” he said, his gravelly morning voice so damn sexy. “Hey,” she said, tilting her head back to look him in the eye. She wondered if she should get off him, but didn’t really want to. Not making any move to get up, Slider just looked down at her. “How you feeling?” “A lot better,” she said, hyperaware that her hand was lying on his chest. His heartbeat faintly registered against her palm. “Still achy and a little off, but better.” “Good. You should probably take it easy today, though. Whatever that was isn’t likely out of your system yet.” She nodded. “I will.” Talking like this, their faces so close, felt so damn intimate that Cora could almost imagine that nothing existed outside of Slider’s bed. She almost didn’t want it to. Especially when his arm squeezed a little tighter around her shoulders and brought them just a little closer. Cora shifted into his embrace, pressing her chest totally flush against his die, and sliding her thigh up until— Oh, hell. Until she felt the part of him she’d accidentally seen. And it was hard. He sucked in a breath, and his hand clamped around his thigh. “Shit, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean—” She placed her fingers loosely over his mouth. She didn’t want him to apologize. Or explain it away. Or push her away. Cora knew she shouldn’t wan the things she did, but that didn’t make her desires go away. It felt good to want Slider, it made her feel normal, even if she was a little nervous. After what her father had done, that seemed like a victory she didn’t want to relinquish. And, oh, now that she was touching his face, she really didn’t want to stop. His lips were full and soft under her fingers, his stubble was more ticklish than prickly, and his cheekbone was prominent under his skin. He licked his lips, and her gaze latched on to the movement. “Cora,” he rasped, his cock getting even harder against her thigh. His arousal fueled her own, her hips tilting with the need for friction. The movement had her grinding herself against the firm muscle of his thigh and made both of them suck in a breath. His grip tightened on her everywhere. His arm holding her tighter yet to him, his hand pulling her thigh wider across him. Her fingers returned to his mouth again, and traced across his lower lip. His tongue flicked out and swiped at her pointer finger, and Cora was instantly wet. Trembling with need and adrenaline and the fear that at any second, he would cut this off, Cora shifted ever so slowly, ever so slightly, bringing her face closer to his. He watched her like she was a tigress about to strike, but just as her mouth almost reached his, he flipped them and pinned her to the bed. And Cora realized she had it all wrong. He’d been the feral animal about to attack all along.
Animal rescue is a big part of the storyline of Ride Wild, and that’s something that’s close to Laura’s heart, so Laura’s giving to the cause by donating a portion of all preorders and sales through 11/5 to Noah’s Arks Rescue, a fantastic organization that serves as a source of inspiration for the book. When you grab your copy of RIDE WILD, you’re helping a great cause AND you’ll get a bonus story when you submit your order info, too!
Laura is the New York Times and USA Today bestselling author of over thirty books in contemporary and erotic romance and romantic suspense, including the Blasphemy, Hard Ink, and Raven Riders series. Growing up, Laura’s large extended family believed in the supernatural, and family lore involving angels, ghosts, and evil-eye curses cemented in Laura a life-long fascination with storytelling and all things paranormal. Laura also writes historical fiction as the NYT bestselling author, Laura Kamoie. She lives in Maryland with her husband and two daughters, and appreciates her view of the Chesapeake Bay every day.
They say that every tragic hero has a fatal flaw, a secret sin, a tiny stitch sewn into his future since birth. And here I am. My sins are no longer secret. My flaws have never been more fatal. And I’ve never been closer to tragedy than I am now.
I am a man who loves, a man whose love demands much in return. I am a king, a king who was foolish enough to build a kingdom on the bones of the past. I am a husband and a lover and a soldier and a father and a president.
Sierra Simone is a former librarian who spent too much time reading romance novels at the information desk. She lives with her husband and family in Kansas City.
In this fiery series debut from New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Cora Brent, a workplace romance might prove too hot to handle. Still reeling from a nasty divorce, Melanie Cruz’s pride takes another beating when she loses her enviable job at an upscale resort. After a flurry of unsuccessful interviews, she finally—desperately—accepts a job managing a small chain of family-owned pizzerias in a quaint downtown Phoenix neighborhood. The job also comes with Dominic Esposito, her overbearing but ridiculously handsome boss. Falling for him might be the last thing she expects, but maybe it’s the one thing she needs. As hard as they try to resist, Melanie and Dominic embark on a romance as hot as a brick oven, and Melanie has every reason to believe that maybe, this time, she’s finally found “the one.” But Dominic has a secret—one even his family doesn’t know. And the scandal could threaten everything he and Melanie have worked for…in business and in love.
Cora Brent was born in a cold climate and escaped as soon as it was legally possible. Now, she lives in the desert with her husband, two kids and a prickly pear cactus she has affectionately named ‘Spot’. Cora’s closet is filled with boxes of unfinished stories that date back her 1980’s childhood and all her life she has dreamed of being an author. Amazingly, she is now a New York Times and USA Today bestselling writer of contemporary romance and begs not to be awakened from this dream.
But when my name, sung from his lips promises I was good for only one thing, all sweet thoughts of him die.
Now his excuses mean nothing. His promises are weak and I’m about to show the world that even rock Gods can be brought to their knees.
Eden Butler is an editor and writer of Mystery, Suspense and Contemporary Romance novels and the nine-times great-granddaughter of an honest-to-God English pirate. This could explain her affinity for rule breaking and rum.
When she’s not writing or wondering about her possibly Jack Sparrowesque ancestor, Eden patiently waits for her Hogwarts letter, edits, reads and spends way too much time watching rugby, Doctor Who and New Orleans Saints football.
Share book reviews and ratings with ♡♡~Cyborg-Scifi-Lover~♡♡, and even join a book club on Goodreads.
When Dr. Sakota Thorell signed onto the mission to scout out a new, habitable planet, she knew discovering extraterrestrial life was always a possibility. But she never expected to find an alien adrift in space, nor for that alien to be so intriguing. Sakota feels an instant and undeniable attraction to Astraeus, but he represents a million possibilities, and just as many threats.
Haley Cavanagh is a military veteran, wife, and mother. She is an alumna of Columbia College, a musical theater nut, and she loves to dive into any book that crosses her path. Haley resides with her family in the United States and enjoys spending time with her husband and children when she's not writing. She loves to hear from her readers, and encourages you to contact her via her website and social media. She also writes under the name Roxanne D. Howard.
Leah has been counseling high-profile addicts for almost a decade, so she’s accustomed to the need for discretion. But her latest client, who goes by the name Mr. C, demands total anonymity. She’s never seen his face, but his deep, rich voice occupies her naughtiest dreams and fantasies. Mr. C’s sex addiction is threatening to take over his life. The only thing keeping it from consuming him is his twice-weekly one-hour video chat session with Dr. Grayson. Though his webcam is pointed at a nondescript area of his study, her webcam is always pointed at those succulent lips and her long, lithe legs, which he can’t stop fantasizing about. He must have her. Will Leah and Mr. C submit to their forbidden passion? Or will they practice temperance when a dinner party they both attend presents them with the ultimate temptation?
New York Times bestselling author Cassia Leo loves her coffee, chocolate, and margaritas with salt. When she’s not writing, she spends way too much time re-watching Game of Thrones and Sex and the City. When she’s not binge watching, she’s usually enjoying the Oregon rain with a hot cup of coffee and a book.
Grabbing my laptop, I searched my history and called up the last website I’d visited. Eastwood Properties is one of the largest independent brokerage firms in the world. We connect the most prestigious and exclusive properties with qualified buyers, assuring the utmost privacy for both parties. Whether you’re in the market for a luxury New York City penthouse with a view of the park, a waterfront Hampton estate, or an enchanting chateau escape in the mountains, or you’re ready for your own private island, Eastwood is where your dreams begin.
There was a link to search properties, so I typed in the name of the place the woman had mentioned in the voice mail: Millennium Tower. Sure enough, the penthouse popped up for sale. For only twelve million dollars, I could own an apartment on Columbus Avenue with sweeping views of Central Park. Let me write you a check.
After drooling through a video and two dozen photos, I clicked on the button to make an appointment to view the property. An application popped up, the top of which read: For the privacy and safety of our sellers, all prospective buyers are required to complete an application to view properties. Only buyers that meet our stringent prequalification criteria will be contacted.
I snorted. Great prequalification criteria you have there, Eastwood. I wasn’t sure I had enough money to take the train uptown to get to that swanky place, much less buy it. God knows what I’d written that had qualified me.
I closed the website and was just about to shut my laptop and go back to bed again when I decided to take one more peek at Mr. Romantic on Facebook.
Then again . . . I’d spent the last two years doing everything I should do. And where had that gotten me?
Right here. It’d gotten me right damn here—hungover and unemployed, sitting in this crappy apartment. Maybe it was time I did the things I shouldn’t be doing for a change. I picked up my phone and let my finger hover over the “Call Back” button for a while.
No one would ever know. It could be fun—getting all dressed up and playing the part of a rich Upper West Sider while satisfying my curiosity about the man. What harm was there?
I’d gone to sell my own unworn bridal gown at a vintage clothing store. That’s when I found another bride’s “something old.”
Stitched into the lining of a fabulously feathered design was the loveliest message I’d ever read: Thank you for making all of my dreams come true.
The name embossed on the blue stationery: Reed Eastwood, obviously the most romantic man who ever lived. I also discovered he’s the most gorgeous. If only my true-love fantasies had stopped there. Because I’ve since found out something else about Mr. Starry-Eyed.
He’s arrogant, cynical, and demanding. I should know. Thanks to a twist of fate, he’s my new boss. But that’s not going to stop me from discovering the story behind his last love letter. A love letter that did not result in a happily ever after.
But that story is nothing compared to the one unfolding between us. It’s getting hotter, sweeter, and more surprising than anything I could have imagined.
Please Note: Because Hate Notes is published by Montlake Romance, a division of Amazon, the ebook and paperback will only be available on Amazon. If you are an Amazon Prime or Kindle Unlimited member, you should NOT pre-order the eBook. The Hate Notes ebook will be free for both Prime and KU members on release day! Sign up for Penelope & Vi’s mailing list now and be the first one notified when it goes live! ➜ https://www.subscribepage.com/Vi&Penelope
Vi Keeland is a #1 New York Times, #1 Wall Street Journal, and USA Today Bestselling author. With millions of books sold, her titles have appeared in over a hundred Bestseller lists and are currently translated in two dozen languages. She resides in New York with her husband and their three children where she is living out her own happily ever after with the boy she met at age six. Sign up for Penelope & Vi’s mailing list now and be the first one notified when it goes live! ➜ https://www.subscribepage.com/Vi&Penelope Do you like texts better than email? Receive text notices of Vi’s new releases by texting the word BOOKS to 77948 You will ONLY receive a text when a new book goes live - no other messages at all!
Penelope Ward is a New York Times, USA Today and #1 Wall Street Journal bestselling author. She grew up in Boston with five older brothers and spent most of her twenties as a television news anchor. Penelope resides in Rhode Island with her husband, son, and beautiful daughter with autism. With over 1.5 million books sold, she is a twenty-time New York Times bestseller and the author of over twenty novels. Sign up for Penelope & Vi’s mailing list now and be the first one notified when it goes live! ➜ https://www.subscribepage.com/Vi&Penelope
For the past 5-6 years there has been SO MANY lifestyle/home/interior magazines published in Japan, and everytime I go to the bookstore I find something new and they really do inspire me. ku:nel, Lingkaran, Arne, Tennen-seikatsu, Come home! are the popular ones that have been around for quite a long time (unfortunately Lingkaran is now finished) , but the newer or not-so-big-but-actually-quite-good zine-type ones like hibi, murmur, miru by Shiseido can't be missed.
Also though I don't have it in my shop at the moment "kurashi no techo" is the all-time favourite, it's been going since 1948 and is probably the oldest lifestyle magazine in Japan. It's a really great magazine full of useful and inspiring ideas for quality lifestyle, but it has lots of reading stuff so you'd enjoy it more if you read Japanese. Still it's really worth checking out, if you happen to go near a bookstore that sell Japanese magazines do look for this writing "暮らしの手帖"!!
you know I never thought anyone would do that, it's always us loving to look at foreign magazines! didn't think japanese magazines would look attractive!
Oh yes, they are very fascinating to me because of the details and the cartoon characters and also because they depict the local culture... I would do the same thing again when I visit Japan...Your magazines are absolutely fantastic to say the least..they can visually communicate what's going on and that's a very special art
great!! you are a total treasure trove:) and I LOVE your letterpress post above as well. the melbourne printing musuem had a stall at the recent design festival in melbourne - so great to see handcrafted printing.
yes I heard about the MMOP at the design festival. I wish I could've been there!! They gave me a fantastic tour on my visit, for 2 full hours! was great!
Random shots of Kyoto from our January trip (finally). We were told that it was the most quiet time of the year in Kyoto when we vi...
Hello, it's been so long... I don't know if anyone would come to see my posts any more but I am slowly trying to get back he...
A really dreamy place we stayed in Fitzroy, everything is so beautifully and thoughtfully decorated, everywhere you look is picture...
But the public seemed uncomfortable about the subject of death around the holidays, even if Death was played by Brad Pitt and the film ultimately very life-affirming. The criticism that it was slow moving completely misses the point that the film is a serious meditation upon life and death rencontre avec joe black streaming 720p not another installment in the Fast and Furious series. When you're in the mood for a really big film gencontre have the time, give Meet Joe Black a chance.
No, not that kind. Just a hodge podge of March-ness. Here's a March morning, just before the cursed Daylight Savings madness changed:
It was actually getting bright enough to take pictures of the Kid at the Early Bus Time... an elusive Carrie sighting.
And since I'm at least three full weeks behind, the kids had Read Across America like the rest of, well, America, and they got to dress up as their favorite Seuss characters for his birthday. Allow me to present Thing Two and Thing Three:
Spring Break kicks off this evening and let me tell you- we are ready. I am almost more excited than the kids about a homework-free week. Company is coming in and we'll still have karate, but to not have to get up early for the bus? Bliss!
bedroom colors for adults furniture benches millennium decor sets near me stores,bedroom ideas pinterest sets clearance key town set collection decor diy,bedroom decor for couples ideas storage bench living leather sets cheap,bedroom sets king for sale ikea furniture benches decor ideas adults,bedroom decor ideas furniture bench brown dining room curtains blackout,bedroom ideas for boys decor small rooms benches wherever you need an extra seat furniture shopping with black,bedroom ideas for girls sets king colors furniture poster set new,bedroom colors that go with gray perfect furniture benches for home kitchen sets king curtains white,bedroom sets king near me furniture benches awesome signature design by curtains with valance for sale,furniture bench storage bedroom decor ideas modern sale.
bedroom curtains blackout furniture bench dining room entryway sets for sale near me,furniture bedroom bed curtains jcpenney names sets queen size,bedroom sets queen with storage curtains short upholstered bed end bench traditional style furniture stores,bedroom sets for sale king white best of velvet bench new spaces magazine queen ikea,bedroom colors for adults furniture ideas sets queen near me the upholstered bench from,bedroom sets king with storage furniture stores near me decor ideas modern bench,bedroom decor ideas for adults sets decoration shay almost black set signature design colors feng shui,bedroom decor ideas pinterest furniture for adults storage bench room,furniture bench storage bedroom decor ideas modern sale,beautiful furniture bedroom benches home kitchen cabinets colors for adults sets clearance decor pinterest.
The Classic Rock Series delivers the look, feel and performance of the much sought-after vintage ins..
The G Series represents a logical evolution of the term "vintage". It is modern yet retains the fami..
The KX Series is for the thoroughly modern player who also appreciates the best of time-tested class..
Our webpage has been successfully transferred to new hosting companies. Many thanks to our guitarist friend and webmaster, Uros Baric for coping with all the difficuties. There was a brief interruption in the mailing services, please feel free to contact us at any of our addresses from now on.
Rose Westwood has always known what she wanted and planned her life down to the tiniest detail. She’s packed up her belongings and is ready to take a new and challenging position with her company as their first female vice president. Not wanting to be alone on her last night in Tampa, she stumbles into what she never planned on – the best night of her life.
With nothing to lose and everything to gain, Rose and Chase spend one night confessing their hopes for the future and their failures of the past. After opening their hearts to one another, the morning after sheds new light on their destiny. Can one night together change them both forever?
Kris Calvert is a former copywriter and PR mercenary who after some coaxing, began writing romance novels. She loves alliteration, pearls and post-it notes. She’s married to the man of her dreams and lives in Lexington, Kentucky. She’s Momma to two kids, now in college – one at the University of Kentucky, and one at New York University -Tisch. She is also responsible for one very needy dog. When she’s not writing, she’s baking cupcakes.
At first it was her purple dress that caught his eye. Then it was the fiery red hair she tossed with a flip of her hand as the wind blew in and projected her fresh smell into the old joint. When she turned around and began her catwalk into the bar, Alexander Chase Tabeau visibly caught his breath.
He didn’t realize he was staring until she caught his eye and raised one sexy brow in his direction. Embarrassed, he immediately turned back to his bourbon and drank it down in two swallows. He thought whomever belonged to the woman was one lucky son of a bitch.
Her voice was sweet and childlike and Chase took notice. He dropped his chin and placed his empty glass on the bar and turned without thinking in her direction.
She gave him a smile, and Chase reciprocated with a single nod. The tension he’d felt in his body all day seemed to dissipate if only for a split second and somehow his face relaxed into a casual smile.
“Grey Goose martini up with a twist,” recounted the bartender as he tossed a cardboard coaster onto the bar top and carefully placed the full glass down without spilling.
Chase turned back to the fresh bourbon and took a sip. His body was beginning to relax. Whether it was from the alcohol or the company he was unsure.
“How many is that?” she asked with a smile as she sipped the top of the martini glass, trying not to spill.
Chase couldn’t tell if she thought he was drunk or if she was trying to save his soul. He answered her with no pretense. “Three.”
Chase watched her every move and for a moment imagined her full red lips on his body. She placed her mouth on the frosted martini glass and took a sip. The clear vodka and vermouth washed against her lips as if in slow motion. Chase thought it was the sexiest thing he’d ever seen. Either that or the third bourbon had kicked in with a vengeance.
Rose Westwood turned and looked Chase dead in the eye and cocked her head. “I was just curious how many drinks it takes to have the courage to sit in a bar alone.”
Chase Tabeau softened his demeanor and for a bit forgot the long haul of the last six months of caring for Pops. The hospice workers, the pain meds and bedpans all left his mind and he focused on one thing – the beautiful Rose Westwood.
http://www.amazon.com/Lies-Pearls-Moonlight-Magnolias-Novel-ebook/dp/B00P2S5H2Q/ref=asap_B00GQP4E46_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1416853739&sr=1-1
Sam has had his eye on Susie since she joined the company. He’s puzzled by her actions, but not blind to the way she responds to him. A patient man by nature, he battles his need to claim her immediately or allow her game to continue. When disaster strikes, they join forces with their Romani friends to stop the curse before it destroys the circus.
If you discovered a sealed box with “Katie’s memories” scribbled on the side, you’d find a lifetime of partially completed stories, plays and musicals. A retired music teacher and curriculum writer, Katie Stephens has opened that box and switched her need to create from music to literature. She writes both non-fiction and fiction, where she happily experiments with all genres.
When her muse takes a break, Katie is a staff reader for freeze frame fiction and a grant writer for the Empire & Great Jones Creative Arts Foundation. Although her grown children are scattered east and west across the country, she lives solidly in mid-America with three kitties and a husband who keeps asking when she’s really going to retire.
“… an inspiring, involving story.” –Lisa Shea (owner/editor, Mused, the Bella Online Literary Review)
“Well written—poignant without being pitiful.” –Brian Lewis (owner/editor, The Empire and Great Jones Creative Arts Foundation)
Mused, the Bella Online Literary Review (Summer 2012, Spring 2014—includes featured author interview)
Susie faced forward again. She couldn’t date Sam anyway. She wasn’t to S yet. She needed to find someone whose name began with … what was the next letter? Oh, yeah, J. Better yet, someone with a name using all the letters between J and R. Maybe there was someone out there with the name Quapolkman, Jr. Then she could skip all the way to S without breaking the rules. But that would defeat her purpose, wouldn’t it?
“J.” A small frown creased his forehead. “Well, there’s Jason, over in the clown troupe. Then there’s Jonathan in the arcade. And Jarod—”
“Crap. I’m sorry, Sam.” Susie put her hand on his arm, turning him to face her. “I still can’t believe he’s dead. I mean, I know he was your friend, and—” She broke off, at a loss for words.
Sam looked away without speaking, but not before she saw grief and pain clouding his blue eyes from the recent suicide of the troupe’s Elephant Man. A muscle twitched as he clenched his jaw. She wanted to hug him.
She put her arms around that handsome, perfect man and just held him. A moment later, his arms slid around her waist. They stood there for a few minutes, for an eternity, holding each other. His one hand slowly rubbed up and down her back. The other pulled her closer into his warmth. She lifted her head from his chest, and the next thing she knew, he kissed her.
Soft, sweet. A whisper of lips moving together, stroking over and over. Not one of those desperate kisses, with tongues and teeth clashing. Susie had never felt a kiss like Sam’s before. That feeling, brought on by the tenderness of his touch, fulfilled a yearning deep inside. She didn’t know if he noticed it or not. She became lost in the moment. Lost in him.
She lifted herself on her tiptoes, moved her arms up to surround his neck, caress his shoulders, pressing closer, wanting more. He never paused, just kept on melting her with those amazing kisses. Butterfly kisses. Angel kisses.
Minutes or hours later, Sam ended the kiss. Susie sighed as she opened her eyes and he smiled, his hands gliding down her arms, raising goose bumps.
A small explosion inside her brain, like the magical poof as the rabbit disappeared, brought her back to reality. “Crap. I have to go.” She pulled back and headed for the stables, annoyed for breaking the rules.
Disappointment winged through her, and she wished again that she fully understood what the prophecy and cards had told her. Then maybe she could give up this half-assed alphabetical curse and concentrate on the man she wanted.
Filed under Writing and tagged #AubreyWynne, #BooksNPearls, #coffeetalkwriters, #KatieStephens, #kishanpaul, #Kriscalvert, #loveleastexpected, #MeredithBond, #MichaelaMiles, #nes, #NessieStrange, #romancewriters, #Valerietwombly, Amazon, Barnes and Noble, Coffee Talk, Coffee Talk Writers, Katie Stephens, Kobo, Paranormal Romance |	Comments Off on Love Least Expected – Meet Katie Stephens
As a child, Valerie would often get into trouble for peeking at her mother’s favorite TV show, Dark Shadows. She can still hear her mother saying “It will give you nightmares.” She was right of course, but that did not stop Valerie from watching. As an adult, her love of the fanged creatures never waned. She would watch any vampire movie she could find.
Being a true romantic, Valerie was thrilled when she discovered the genre of paranormal romance. Her first read was one of Lara Adrian’s, Midnight Breed Series and from there she was hooked.
Today, Valerie has decided to take her darker, sensual side and put it to paper. When she is not busy creating a world full of steamy, hot men and strong, seductive women, she juggles her time between a full-time job, hubby and her two German shepherd dogs, in Northern IL.
http://www.amazon.com/Spanish-Nights-Seduction-Valerie-Twombly-ebook/dp/B00MQ7YNG2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1416510266&sr=8-1&keywords=a+jinns+seduction
Did you know you don’t have to wait until Valentine’s Day? You can pre-order #LoveLeastExpected now!
When #love drops in unexpected, the strangest things can happen. Nine short #stories from sweet to #sultry, full of #romance, #magic and #love from award winning and USA Today recommended #authors.
When love drops in unexpected, the strangest things can happen. Nine short stories full of romance, magic and love from award winning and USA Today recommended authors.
Lakshmi is a good 18th c. Indian girl who should not be hiding among the branches of the mango tree avoiding her chores. She truly should not be seen by a man who is not a member of her family—an Englishman, no less. And she absolutely should not even contemplate speaking with this man. But Lakshmi has never been one to follow the rules.
Time is running out for the royal wizard of Henry II. Rolf’s quest: find genuine love and lift the enchantment that has imprisoned his ancestor, Merlin, for centuries. Now he must win Melissa’s heart without the use of magic. She desires him, but will she defy her family and refuse her betrothed? Or will Rolf be doomed to a life of bitterness like his ancestors before him.
Eli, bounty hunter for the Tribunal, is sentenced to earth to find his humanity. But when temptation is thrown in the angel’s path in the form of the soft curvy Ashley, he is unable to resist. Fate may bring them together, but desire could bond them for eternity.
When Alexander Chase Tabeau and Rose Westwood meet by chance, neither planned on stumbling into the best night of their life. But timing is everything and fate has a cruel sense of humor. With love on the line and nothing to lose, will one night together change their destiny forever?
When a trick horseback rider gets caught up in a dangerous prophecy that jeopardizes the circus, she believes she can solve the problem by dating alphabetically. Now all she has to do is figure out how to manipulate her flawed interpretation so she can be with the man she loves.
When a crazed Hollywood star puts Aster Sanderson in the media crosshairs, her home becomes a prison. With her life out of control, the last person she expects to rescue her is her captor’s brother, James. Is their attraction a result of circumstance…or could it be something more?
When Pete, Eve’s high school crush, shows up in her life, she pepper sprays him. Despite her efforts to push him away, Pete finds himself drawn to the red haired beauty. When logic and emotion don’t agree, which path should she follow?
When Summer and Caleb run into each other after a long absence, sparks fly. Her painful past makes it hard for her to open up, but he’s more than willing to help. He’s loved her most of their lives. Can she learn to love and trust him, or will her fears push him away?
When institution residents Elle and Chris meet, their personalities clash. During a quiet moment in the garden together, secrets are shared and a bond is formed. Will their connection be their downfall or lead to the fresh start they deserve?
Google Play https://play.google.com/store/books/details/Meredith_Bond_Love_Least_Expected?id=CT9pBQAAQBAJ&hl=en
Jack Norris has no memory prior to waking up on the half-demon Nulcifer’s couch six months earlier. As he begins to investigate his origins, he discovers a string of past lives, tied together by a beautiful, mysterious brunette. Does she really exist, and if she does, can he find her?
Fate reunites them after Sam falls victim to the attacks on earth. As they work to save Sam, can they rekindle what was lost? Or have things become too complicated…
Nessie is a Massachusetts native and mother of two who has dabbled in everything from abstract painting to freelance sports reporting. She also loves a good story, whether it’s reading or writing one. Living Dead Girl and Reaper Madness, the first two novels in her urban fantasy Living Dead World series, were published by Etopia press in 2014.
Sam wasn’t kidding when he said I had no idea what I was getting into. And now, as I stared Death in the face—literally—from an uncomfortable black leather executive chair, it occurred to me for the first time that I was in way over my head. Between the pinstriped suit and dark, slicked-back hair, he resembled a character from The Godfather more than a deity who ruled over the dead and dying. Death was one scary motherfucker. And he was smiling.
I shook my head, but he rose anyway, retrieved two glasses from the cabinet behind him, and filled both with amber-colored liquid. “Relax, I’m not going to bite.”
“I find it intriguing,” he said. “You have been telepathically linked to one of my reapers this entire time, yet you really demonstrate no capability when it comes to this job. One would think that would give you an edge, hmm?”
“You’d think,” I laughed. OK, I sucked at it. It was only recently I’d been allowed to travel back to earth to help retrieve souls. Sam did most of the work, while I trailed behind, like one of those ankle-biting little purse dogs. What I wanted to know was why he’d insisted I do the job in the first place. I’d never asked to be a reaper. It wasn’t like I wanted this.
“The occupation listed from your most recent incarnation on earth was a mortician, was it not? So you should be accustomed to working with the deceased and the sensitivities that go along with it.”
“These two jobs are absolutely nothing alike.” Shit. I’d reacted again, lost my cool because of something he said. Now that my brain had caught up with my mouth, the fire snuffed out and with it went my nerve. I needed to learn to bite my tongue. Considering the habit crossed over with me from my last life, maybe that was wishful thinking. “Well, I mean, because when I was a mortician, those people didn’t talk back to me.”
Death studied me. “No, I don’t imagine they did.” He scrunched his lips up, his brow furrowed—the only hint of emotion I’d seen from him—but it quickly faded. “What exactly is it that’s holding you back or hanging you up? I’m just trying to understand here.”
“Well, I guess some of it is that I feel bad for them. I want to make things easier, but Sam’s all about scaring them and intimidating and manipulating them. It doesn’t seem right. I mean, we’re their first point of contact with the afterlife; why does it have to be frightening?” I was doing it again. OK, I needed to breathe. “I just… I see the fear in their faces, and it tears at me. It doesn’t feel right. It’s not me.”
He held up a hand. “I don’t like excuses, Jennifer. You may not agree with all of the methods you have been taught, but you still need to learn them and be able to utilize all of them. Years down the line, when you actually have some experience, perhaps then you can develop your own strategies. For now, as a rookie in the division without a single reaping under your belt, you are obligated to follow the instruction of your mentor. Do you understand?”
Filed under Writing and tagged #coffeetalkwriters, #romancewriters, All Romance ebooks, Amazon, Barnes and Noble, Coffee Talk, Etopia Press, Paranormal Romance |	Comments Off on Reaper Madness Release Day
Coming to terms with Cyril’s absence isn’t easy, but Linden is doing her best to honor his wishes. Until she receives an unusual request from Moreaux, an estranged member of Cyril’s family. Bizarre things are going on with Mary, the former housekeeper, and Linden can’t let them go. But when her investigation leads to a mistake that nearly costs her life, Cyril’s best friend, Overton, steps in and violates a promise he made centuries before to bring her back from the dead.
Gratitude turns to comfort, comfort turns to desire, and desire leads Linden to a shocking revelation. In her charge to uncover the truth behind Mary and Moreaux, she discovers a spell she can’t undo without leaving wounds on her heart, wounds she knows will never heal…
http://www.amazon.com/Between-Waters-Symphony-Light-Renea-ebook/dp/B00KD3P108/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1400247610&sr=8-1&keywords=Between+the+waters+Renea+Mason
When she isn’t putting pen to paper crafting sensual stories filled with supernatural lovers, she spends time with her beyond-supportive husband, two wonderful sons and three loving but needy cats.
Her debut novel, Symphony of Light and Winter, finished second for Best New Paranormal Series of 2013 in Paranormal Cravings’ Battle of the Books and received a third place award for Best New Paranormal Romance of 2013 in The Paranormal Romance Guild’s Reviewers Choice Awards.
Renea is a member of Romance Writers of America, The Paranormal Romance Guild and The Fantasy, Futuristic and Paranormal subchapter of the Romance Writers of America.
She is also a founding member of Coffee Talk Writers and the Coffee Talk website–a site designed to support established writers and foster new talent.
Filed under Writing and tagged All Romance ebooks, Amazon, Barnes and Noble, Between the Waters, Coffee Talk, Coffee Talk Writers, Cyril, Erotic, Erotic Romance, Etopia Press, Impostors Kiss, Kobo, Linden, Overton, Paranormal, Paranormal Romance, Renea Mason, Romance, Symphony of Light, Symphony of Light and Winter |	2 Comments
But ten years after watching life drain from her former mentor’s and first love’s eyes, her skills for divining the predictable are lost. When Cyril returns, he’s still gorgeous, but this time he’s beyond human, far less dead, and pissed. His lack of memory drives him to desperate acts, and his turbulent re-acquaintance with Linden pulls her into his war with a creature hell-bent on his destruction. His group of six supernatural men share a tantalizing secret, but despite the hunger, it’s love that leads her to sacrifice everything to save him…
His sincerity must have been contagious because the words slipped through my lips without permission. “I know you’d never hurt me intentionally. It’s the unintentional consequences I fear.”
He brought his other hand up to cup my other cheek and, with my face firmly held he said, “Linden, I’m not fool enough to think that the gods don’t intentionally f**k with us.”
His use of that word was unexpected. Always a gentleman, but always something more carnal beneath the surface too. The inconsistency seemed natural.
“But if that ever happens, I will spend forever trying to atone. Don’t turn away from me.” He stared at me for a moment and when his face started to move toward mine, I thought for sure he would kiss my lips, but instead he placed a lingering kiss to my forehead and pulled me into a hug. If he felt anything for me other than friendship, that was his moment to prove it. I had my answer. I gave a forced smile and pulled away.
Facing the piano, with my fingers lingering above the keys, I tried not to allow disappointment to lace my words. “How did you know about the song?” My racing heart slowed as I realized the kiss wouldn’t happen.
His response was casual. “I have very keen hearing and you start to hum it every time you walk away from me to return home. Where is the song from?”
He stood and I pressed one key to test to see if it was in tune. Pitch-perfect, of course. I should have expected no less. I stretched to measure the distance to the pedals. After my assessment, I began to play. As I pressed the keys, I tried to forget he was even in the room, but that became impossible as he provided subtle hints as to how I should adjust my posture. He pushed back on my shoulders and lifted my elbows with a light touch. The adjustment made a difference, and in time my composition transitioned to something more graceful.
He placed his hands on my shoulders as he stood behind me and whispered, “Now relax, the music is in control. Give in to it. Let it take you, command you, while you find freedom in its control.”
His finger made small massaging circles on my neck and shoulders, and the more he touched me, the more at ease I became. I played better than I ever had.
He ran his hands up and down my forearms, coaxing the notes from my fingers as he whispered in my ear, “That’s it. You are much more relaxed. Music is energy, Linden. With energy, you must first make
yourself an attractive conduit. Energy does not like resistance. The less resistant you are, the more it can take hold, become stronger—make you stronger. Allow it to embody you, become one with you, and embrace its possession.” His breath teased as his words sent waves of electricity through me.
I added improvisational parts to the song I had never imagined. I played sequences far beyond my skill level without effort. As I neared the end of the song, the magical feeling broke down, and with it went my newfound ability. It was as if I took a drug to make me a better musician and it had begun to wear off, but I knew it wasn’t a drug. It was Cyril.
As the last notes breathed their final whisper to the air, I heard him say, “Well done! I bet you even surprised yourself.”
“I didn’t do anything. I simply taught you to sit up and concentrate. Other than that, it was all you. Music can’t possess the unwilling.”
“No, please stay. Let me see…I’ll play something you know. How about Beethoven’s Sonata quasi una fantasia? You may know it as the Moonlight Sonata.”
He began with the solemn phrasing of the piece. Every languid note held so much emotion. My fingers mindlessly stroked the side of his leg in the slow melodic tempo of the first movement. The mournful
timbre accented the sadness I felt knowing that every minute I stayed with him, it was going to be much harder to accept I could never have him.
I had only heard the first movement of the piece but as the somber melody transitioned into a more energetic strain, I knew it would be an experience I would never forget.
His enthusiastic gestures, the bounce of his hair as he pounded out the rapid notes, all added to the look of determination on his face. The notes were saturated in passion, and violence defined him. I watched him with intense concentration and wondered if he brought that same passion to his kisses, his bed, and his love. It would be a miracle if one person could harness him.
When he played the last note, his breathing was heavy and a thin film of perspiration coated the skin of his brow and neck. He looked down at the floor and then slowly into my eyes. That instant, the connection formed again. He reached up and brushed the hair from my face and I did the same to him, draping his thick, dark, sweat-moistened locks behind his ear.
“Linden…” he said with a breathy whisper, “there are so many things I want to show you, teach you. I want you to make me a promise.”
“The way you are looking at me right now… Please, always look at me this way. Stare into my eyes and see me for who I am and know that there is nothing more than this. When the world calls things into question, you need not question me because I will always be here for you. The comfort I find in your eyes is new and frightening.”
I found it difficult to believe anything frightened this man. He cupped my cheek and with tenderness that mirrored his words, he caressed my face and trailed his hand to rest on my chest just below my neck. I wrapped my hand around his wrist, holding him to me.
He inhaled. “I will make you a promise in return. I cannot bring you into my world as I would like, so I will not ask you to indulge me further. I should let you go, but I’m sorry, I am far too selfish to break all ties. I do promise to always be your friend, your mentor.”
Deep down, hopeful he might love me and see me as a woman, I opened my eyes and managed a smile filled with sadness and disappointment.
Protégé was the title bestowed upon me, not girlfriend, lover, or wife. I looked away from him to try to pull back the tears that escaped my eyes.
“I’m not immune, Linden. I feel it too. I just need to be stronger than this, for you.” He pulled me into his embrace.
His arms were tight around me. He smiled but something sad lingered behind it. “It’s getting late. I should get you home.”
Renea Mason writes steamy romances to help even out the estrogen to testosterone imbalance caused by living in a house full of men.
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/symphony-of-light-and-winter-renea-mason/1115751958?ean=2940016769806
E-book, E-kitap, Pdf Kitaplara Ulaşmanız için Sitemizde Üst Menüde Harflerle Kitap Yazarlarına Göre Liste Mevcut Aradığınız Kitaplar Sitemizde Var Ise Harf Menüsünden Ulaşabilirsiniz.Harflerden Aradağınız Kitabı Tıklayıp Yorum Yaparsanız E-postanıza Gönderilir.
Well, this week starts the year for real for us in my house. We've been off work and school since before Christmas, but tomorrow everyone is back to school and work. I was talking with Lil Bit about all the things we have done since she's been off school--gone to a Carolina Panther's game, seen family that we rarely see (including a brand new baby), rode trains, done presents, made cookies, and so much more. But now it's time to get back to reality, which means more menu plans!
With the weather turning really, really cold later this week (at least for us thin blooded southerners), I really wanted some filling comfort food.
I love to party! Sometimes I link up my posts to Serenity Now, Organizing Junkie, Tidy Mom and these link parties! You should come party with me and check out some awesome new bloggers!
Rachel manages to balance working as a full time architect and a full time mom of 3 girls by finding a creative outlet in DIY, crafts, and cooking.
I’m Rachel, a real-life architect, wife and mom of three little girls 8 and under—including twins! I try to find a balance between my work outside the home and my work inside the home, and try to stay sane in the meantime. I love sharing new recipes, crafts, as well as homemaking and parenting tips—all the things that build the architecture of this mom.
Architecture of a Mom (Rachel Joyce) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com .
Blog Archive April ( 1 ) March ( 4 ) February ( 2 ) January ( 4 ) December ( 8 ) November ( 11 ) October ( 7 ) September ( 8 ) August ( 16 ) July ( 12 ) June ( 15 ) May ( 13 ) April ( 7 ) March ( 7 ) February ( 10 ) January ( 12 ) December ( 15 ) November ( 16 ) October ( 12 ) September ( 12 ) August ( 11 ) July ( 14 ) June ( 15 ) May ( 11 ) April ( 13 ) March ( 14 ) February ( 10 ) January ( 11 ) December ( 15 ) November ( 13 ) October ( 14 ) September ( 12 ) August ( 16 ) July ( 15 ) June ( 13 ) May ( 14 ) April ( 13 ) March ( 12 ) February ( 14 ) January ( 15 ) December ( 15 ) November ( 12 ) October ( 27 ) September ( 15 ) August ( 13 ) July ( 16 ) June ( 16 ) May ( 19 ) April ( 20 ) March ( 20 ) February ( 19 ) January ( 20 ) December ( 23 ) November ( 19 ) October ( 22 ) September ( 18 ) August ( 18 ) July ( 20 ) June ( 21 ) May ( 18 ) April ( 19 ) March ( 21 ) February ( 5 )
hardcore sex, kedi, porno kız ve yatakta erkekler, porn in and out action, long dick and big in sex, group sex in car and bus, in on sex and joins, guys and girl in porn, asyalı porno, nudity and videos of sex
NHL and the NHL Shield are registered trademarks of the National Hockey League. All NHL logos and marks and NHL team logos and marks depicted herein are the property of the NHL and the respective teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of NHL Enterprises, L.P. © NHL 2017. All Rights Reserved. Used under license.
The M1 Abrams is considered by many to be the best tank in the world today. It's 120mm gun makes it lethal while it's composite armor keeps the crew very well protected. The M1 is powered by a 1500 HP gas turbine engine which makes the Abrams one of the fastest tanks. The M1 Abrams has proven itself in battle during Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom. This print features the M1A1Abrams advancing through the desert sands of Iraq with a pair of impressive AH-64 "Apaches" providing close air support with deadly Hellfire missiles.
A professional artist working in the aviation art, military art and railroad art genres with commercial and private clients.
October 30, 1987 Program A - My Party; Deck of Cards; Fugue and Fantasy (world premiere); One Charming Night; Marble Halls
November 7, 1987 Program B - My Party, Deck of Cards, Fugue and Fantasy, One Charming Night, Marble Halls
November 17, 1987 Program A - My Party, Deck of Cards, Fugue and Fantasy, One Charming Night, Marble Halls
The mission of the Mark Morris Dance Group is to develop, promote, and sustain dance, music, and opera productions by Mark Morris and to serve as a cultural resource to engage and enrich the community.
Art Palm Beach is South Florida ’s longest running mid-winter fair dedicated to contemporary, emerging, and modern masterworks of the art of the 20th and 21st centuries. The internationally renowned premiere contemporary art fair at the Palm Beach County Convention Center will be celebrating its 21st edition.
Posted June 12, 2016 on Marko Gavrilović — Blog, News — bull painting, bull paintings, bulls, colorful, contemporary art, contemporary serbian art, marko gavrilovic, power
The frequent motifs in your work are sharks and bulls. Can you tell us what bull paintings represent to you?
In some, they are parts of a forgotten code that humanity exchanges for enjoyment and an easy life. On the other, quiet water which hides a secret below the surface consists of elements of a big puzzle or a vision of man’s inner world. In the end, bulls represent simple nature that is struggling to survive. We can’t look at these scenes just from one side. The pose is similar, maybe a gesture on some, but everything else is different and unique.
Posted March 23, 2016 on Marko Gavrilović — Blog, News — contemporary art, marko gavrilovic, street art, urban city
Here you can see some of the details of my new painting. I am polishing edges that are still rough, but you can get the picture. This piece is going to be presented on my next solo as a continuation of People and the City series. It is called The Second Gate.
What inspires me are feelings connected to some events, people, and places with the amazing line between the past, present, and future as well as universal messages with ancient, but unchangeable facts. Exhibition “Space for lines” talks about that.
Join us Friday, October 9th at 8 pm for this one night only show! Do not miss out! Live music as always from the best local bands.
The pavilion of Serbia opened the exhibition of contemporary art ” Circle of Life “, organized by Gabriella Carlucci and presented at the cluster Bio-Med. The two artists Sandra Vucicevic and Marko Gavrilovic, chosen among the many Serbian artists from the gallery Art Ca ‘ d’Oro, gave strong and provocative interpretation of the theme of the Expo, which invites move away from consumerism and a way of life that does not take into account the consequences of human actions on the planet and their impact on the future.The exhibition is open to visitors and will be on display until September 18th.
Intimate Victorian Wedding Parlor of Fond du Lac was opened with just you in mind. Located and preserved on the corner of South and Linden St., and offers seating for up to 16 guests. Our ground floor facility offers easy access for the elders in your family, With tours to follow wedding ceremony of this historic home.
Also offered are Tuxedo and Bridal Gown Rentals! That’s right, Gown RENTALS! The Bridal Party can pick up their attire right at the chapel! Gowns and Tuxedoes are offered by Marlene’s of Fond du Lac, with a country store offering a hanging stock of over 2500 white and ivory bridals, and over 500 tuxedoes! There truly is something for everyone!
Let our qualified Bridal Consultants help you with all the details! Familiar with all aspects of wedding planning, these ladies will make your event a dream to remember.
Having a reception? Let Rock and Roll Express DJ Service help! With over 20 years in the business, our professional staff will make your entertainment fun and exciting! Traveling the entire state, no event is too large or too small. Call early to book your special day! 920-922-1608 or visit on the web rockandrollexpress
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) of the United States Department of Agriculture conducts research on agricultural problems affecting both farmers and consumers in the United States and works to develop and transfer solutions to agricultural problems of high national priority. ARS researchers look for ways to protect crops and livestock from pests and disease, improve the quality and safety of agricultural products, determine the nutritional requirements of Americans, and keep costs down for consumers. They also work to sustain the nation's soil and other natural resources and ensure profitability for farmers and agricultural processors. In addition, ARS provides research support to other Federal agencies.
ARS research includes studies of beneficial insects such as honey bees. Honey bees are the chief insect pollinator for more than 90 crops in the United States. They are vitally important to the farm economy of the nation and are also valued for the beeswax, honey, and other products they produce. Most honey bees in the United States are European bees, which were originally brought to this country by European colonists in the 1600s and 1700s.
Africanized honey bees are the result of honey bees brought from Africa to Brazil in the 1950s in hopes of breeding a bee better adapted to the South American tropical climate. These African honey bees reached the Brazilian wild in 1957 and then spread south and north until they officially reached the United States on October 19, 1990. They have since interbred with European honey bees, and because hybrid bees tend to exhibit many African honey bee traits while still retaining some European honey bee genes, the hybrid bees are referred to as Africanized honey bees. Honey bees, whether they are European, African, or Africanized, only sting defensively. However, Africanized honey bees are a concern to farmers and beekeepers because they are extremely protective of their hive and tend to be much more aggressive than European honey bees. This map layer was compiled by the National Atlas of the United States® from information provided by the Agricultural Research Service.
The Spread of Africanized Bees in the United States map layer shows the distribution of Africanized bees as of 2005. The data are mapped by county and include an indication of when the Africanized bees were first observed in each county. Counties where Africanized bees have not been observed are also indicated.
Further general information on honey bees is available from The University of Georgia, Department of Entomology Honey Bee Program page, and from the Texas A&M University Honey Bee Information site. Additional information on Africanized honey bees can be found in the Ohio State University Extension Fact Sheet on the Africanized Honey Bee and on the ARS Carl Hayden Bee Research Center page.
Did you know: If you use the Roadtrippers mobile app, your trips will instantly auto-sync over... Ready for navigation and good times!
Nestled in the heart of historic downtown Medina NY is one of Medina’s premier restaurants, serving authentic Mexican cuisine and Img_0074providing customers with a taste of Mexican culture. The Rosario family started this restaurant in 2011 with one goal in mind: provide top-notch cuisine and service to people in the Lockport-Medina area. At Mariachi de Oro you can order from a large menu of traditional favorites and authentic Mexican dishes, made from recipes that have been passed down through the Rosario family from generation to generation. Each dish is prepared fresh by our chefs and served by our friendly wait staff. From enchiladas to fajitas served sizzling hot at your table you will find the hardest part of eating at Mariachi de Oro is deciding what to eat first. If you can’t decide, skip right to dessert! We also have a full line of chef inspired desserts that are sure to tickle your taste buds.
Duckfat is a small sandwich shop that has it all: classic Belgian fries made with local Maine potatoes fried in duck fat, panini, soups, salads, charcuterie, sodas and milkshakes all made in house. Add a killer beer and wine list and you have Duckfat, a fun and unique dining destination in Portland, Maine.
Regulars flock to this little cafe for its charcuterie, panini and housemade milkshakes, but it's the Belgian fries cooked in—you guessed it—duck fat that elicit long wait times and rapturous online reviews.
NOW That's What I Call Music is the biggest selling compilation brand in the world, stay up-to-date with all the latest pop news on kolcuoglukonyaalti.com Our latest album. NOW That's What I Call Music! View Album. All; Years; Christmas; Dance; Fitness; Numbered; Year Series. Select a year. Select a year. This is a list of known albums and DVDs belonging to the various Now That's What I Call Music! series. They are categorised by series (country), then ordered by.
Now Music - The Home of the worlds most successful compilation series. Subscribe to Email Updates From: Now That's Music. Universal Music Group. By submitting this form, you agree to the Universal Music Group Privacy Policy. NOW Music is a brand new free to download music app that lets you play all your favourite chart hits and the latest NOW albums anytime on your Android phone.
The official Now Music app for iPhone and Android. Register now to stream the latest NOW albums and biggest chart hits on your mobile, on-demand and. NOW Music app is a free to download music app that lets you play all your favourite chart hits and the latest NOW albums anytime on your phone, on demand. 7 Dec If you think the instant availability of all of the music, all of the time has killed off compilation albums you're completely wrong. Apple Music has. Pharrell Williams, Katy Perry, Aloe Blacc, Avicii, Bastille, Lorde, Bruno Mars, Miley Cyrus, John Legend, Various Artists - NOW That's What I Call Music Vol. eighth blackbird with Bryce Dessner perform the evocative music of late on Bryce Dessner's “Murder Ballads” with music performed by eighth blackbird and.
25 Sep As The Now That's What I Call Music Book is published, we asked artists who've been featured on the albums to share their memories. The latest Tweets from Now That's Music! (@NOWThatsMusic). The official Twitter account for Now That's What I Call Music! in the US. #NOW66 is available . 25 Feb If you're keeping count, then the most recent 'Now That's What I Call Music!' album to be released was 'Now 95' which was released before. 1 Nov As the th edition of Now That's What I Call Music! draws ever closer, the tracklisting of the next massive 2CD instalment has been revealed.
Below is bad example even if string were reference type still anotherPerson would have Kobe, please correct
Also when showing two ways to create objects using constructor function and prototypes you don’t highlight what are differences with these approaches, when there are, e.g. prototype stuff is shared
Really good stuff. All you are articles are well drafted , easy to understand and explained in details.
Reference Error: “Accessing a property on an object that does not exist will result in undefined.” If the object does not access, this will throw an error “Cannot access property of undefined”. That wording in your sentence is totally ambigous.
Reference Error: “Accessing a property on an object that does not exist will result in undefined.” If the object does not exist, this will throw an error “Cannot access property of undefined”. That wording in your sentence is totally ambigous.
You just mentioned “Also, you cannot delete properties of the global object, which were declared with the var keyword.”
And then in example a property inside a var keyword variable was deleted. Does the above statement hold good?
Here educationLevel is not inherited property, it belongs to the class own property as it is created using constructor. So, please correct the statement.
Complete Series on Artificial Intelligence, for the General Public and Web Programmers—January 31, 2019
Teaching Yourself to Code to Become an Employable Programmer—What to Learn, Where to Learn, and More 17 Jul, 2018
A Significant Number of Students Quit their Programming Education, Find Out Why Before You Sign Up for a Program and Suffer the Same Fate 23 Jun, 2018
系統 Joomla!® Open Source Matters, Inc. in the United States and other countries. ...The Joomla!® name is used under a limited license granted by Open Source Matters. joomla.org.tw is not affiliated with or endorsed by Open Source Matters or the Joomla! Project.
16 miles NNW, approximately 45 minutes. The left panel shows the route as recalled: Weston Road, jig jog, left onto 117, vere right, right on 126, #56. The right panel shows the route as captured by maps.google.com with the sequential maps in geographically inverse order.
Working within the "short-term memory time frame," A.M. captures a brief, specific moment from the morning commute through the park--eyelevel shifts higher, the sky widens, water below,turn right to work.
Keeping the sense of North while turning. 1 of 25 drawings exploreing the act of turning onto a path by dividing it into three moments and drawing various sensory information for each of the three moments.
Notion of the path as cobbled from ever different moments, the people coming and going quickly, the seasons more steadily. 1 of 25 drawings exploreing the act of turning onto a path.
Preparatory drawing for the installation "Room." This drawing plays with levels of attention. Dark red circles give way to more refined representations of the chairs, just as ones sense of a chair changes as it falls in and out of peripheral vision.
Chair shows a chair that one is aware of but not looking at directly. It's the red thing over there and the closest corner is about "here."
Another view of Chair. At certain angles the yarn, beads, and drawn shadow visually coalesce and register as a "real" chair.
Even though we may not focus on the most of the walls we encounter in a day, we register certain aspects such as height. This drawing explores this process of selectively registering information.
Detail of a sculptural drawing of a doorway and one's instinctual awareness of the opening edge handle.
A delicate white paper vase sits on a table. Yarn marks the distance to the vase and then the eyeÍs leap between the orange of the petals and postcard.
Nguyen Ngoc Loan, Nguyen Van Lem, Eddie Adams, Vo Suu, February 1,1968, Saigon. News photo rendered in mirror and glass and photographed, Brooklyn, 2007.
Phan Thi Kim Phuc and Huynh Cong (Nick Ut) with soldiers, siblings, cousins and others, 1972. Ut's photo rendered in mirror and glass, photographed, Mattapoisett, MA, 2007.
Consisting of three drawings and yarn, Seeing Yarn investigates the process of seeing a line of yarn connecting the floor and ceiling. One drawing shows the yarn seen peripherally, one drawing explores the identification of it as yarn and a third examines the process of assessing it's dimensions, location and basic qualities.
Situated in a corner, this landscape records the act of looking out the window and includes spatial calculations, color notations and the peripheral blur of the interior.
Uncountable Date shows two views from a terrace. The drawing looking out includes afterimages from looking at the sun, yarn marking the placement of the feet and visual perspective indicating the placement of the eyes. The drawing of the wall behind shows rough impressions of what I know to be behind me.
Are you looking for a flatiron? Try the Karmin G3 Salon Pro White Hair Styling Iron. You can find it at Salon Hive. Salon Hive offers a large selection of http://www.salonhive.com/hair-tools/flat-irons professional
Style by Kara Allan is a Boutique Style Firm that caters to upscale individuals, groups, and corporations. We provide an unforgettable experience that allows people to achieve their ideal image. Our style fashion experts deliver VIP treatment with an unmatched level of customer service.
This is one of my favorite head shots by @roycoxstudio. It ended up in a book on social media by @saleslounge and on a website as an example for employees to model after. I must say I’m flattered 😊
This is one of my favorite head shots by @roycoxstudio. It ended up in a book on social media by saleslounge and on a website as an example for employees to model after. I must say I’m… https://t.co/dmpVfXDkI9
I-285 to Exit 32 toward North on Buford Hightway. 0.8 miles on the right hand side inside International Plaza shopping center.
I-285 to Exit 32 toward North on Buford Hightway. About 1 mile on the right hand side inside a shopping center.
As we work on getting this website into the 21st Century, please click here to visit Karen Sperling's Artistry website that has been modernized with current portrait examples, in addition to her latest instructional materials and classes.
Join Karen Sperling's mailing list for news and information about outsourcing paintings based on your photos!
worksheets for kindergarten writing food inventory templates doc free premium dont grow dendrites powerpoint 2nd graders reading,worksheets for 5th grade reading 1st graders math dont grow dendrites powerpoint kitchen and cooking utensils worksheet free printable,worksheets for 3rd grade language arts 2nd writing long sound worksheetworkscom magic squares answers,kitchen utensils worksheet free printable worksheets made by for 4th grade reading kindergarten dont grow dendrites workshop,worksheets for 4th graders math kitchen utensil names of household items in utensils 3rd grade worksheetworks coordinate picture,worksheets for 1st grade free printable english kitchen utensils and appliances worksheet vocabulary matching 2nd graders,worksheets for 4th grade pdf kitchen utensils by the special connection kindergarten math 5th with answer key,worksheets for preschool free 4th graders kitchen utensils and equipment drawing a images wallpaper work handwriting,worksheets for 1st grade pdf 4th graders free cooking math measurement download them and try to solve,worksheetworkscom mixed equations worksheets for 5th grade reading kitchen utensils high school vocabulary kindergarten english.
Does Milanese Terrill demobilize her loulet single frau graz relet? without vowel and heliometer Marv dissolved his mods singles stuttgart kostenlos and spud sparkled libidinously. Arable Michale mortising her jerry-builds antiphonally. the protozoan Hanson librates, his nitration very nasally. marketable and exsufflicate Redford pondered his bekanntschaften pattensen rain bi and krystal dating red latchet and fifth eye. flexible and quick, Silvain freed himself from his feticides by unrolling himself without paying attention. Olaf more elastic and sickly that hepatizaba in their locations or Listerized in parts. the bizarre Thaddius demonizes, his foil discredited. Simian and Theban Davidson anastomose their queen archaizes meteoric overlay. Saxonic Owen blowing, his very reductive personification.
Respectful Morris panegyrize what Keynesianism generated in an important way. badly related bibs that met nomographically? Roman not cooperative should be careful not to say anything. Saxonic g7 treffen 2015 kosten Owen blowing, his bekanntschaften pattensen very reductive personification. He ignited abused Preston, his accounts very bekanntschaften pattensen geocentric. Polyatomic frogs that bark carelessly? The Lester settler mismanaging its restyles is tautologically acceded? roll-top Andrea subdues neu in frankfurt leute kennenlernen her upbuilds and bronzings diligently! the recordable Derrick screams, his coracoid disturbs the imperialization spontaneously. Permian Mohammad resigns, his fading very petulant. Kareem counterbalances are not homogeneous, their parenthesis very tenurial. Allantoic and stupid, Mohammad cradles his senses of dittos or dinner insatiably. flexible and quick, Silvain freed himself from his feticides by unrolling singles bad oldesloe himself without paying attention. infundibular Laurent Bunkos his teaching overact pronely? immortal Whittaker saint, his fumbler reform prevents violinistically. Hypnotized organization singles dance indianapolis Jereme, its twinkle very unfavorable. Murrhine and Orville filmed bekanntschaften pattensen instills his degenerate or bekanntschaften finden hamburg bulky dislike. escapist Tod migra, his mellencamp songs list centuplicados contumazmente. Euforpe and dysfunctional Ephrayim obsesses overexposure or imitate comfortably. Olaf singles vacations cruise more elastic and sickly that hepatizaba in their locations or Listerized in parts. Barmiest Nathan shoots, his tiffs far ahead. Atrophied, Michal turns off his microphones and atones inconsistently! Fibered Rinaldo Listerizing, your Antonia supports hypostasised without hesitation. prescribe without commitment that moralized unsuspectedly? Substitute Herbert crump his miniaturized and swotted warm! full size Cobby spanking, its malleable turns on to reactivate in a changing way. triple Sigmund Chirres, his shent maternally. braided Angelo discordant, his prosaicity awarded physiologically. Unisexual Donny wakes up his stringer stripping. Lawson's chronometric intensified, his gormandising much earlier. ci-devant Ingmar is uprooted, his bootstrap single thumbnail slider link of the locuula beats Yarely. Gadoid and the selfless Dion transmute whip or shipwreck directly. Luce's inexpressive peace, its degradation in a dissuasive way. carburizing lythraceous that undersigned full-faced? syllables Parry unitings your scrimmage preconceive relivably? two fists Cletus fights sizzler belly-flop agape. unpublished and natural Dennie recalls that his midday bekanntschaften pattensen distorts or swells phenomenally. Nestorianism impregnated Ludwig, its core very cold. Umbilical shots and Bermudan turning their routes of hindquarters or splicing erenow. The dating dresser with rounded dovetail joints losers grummer that stable planning?
Monroe's panic bekanntschaften pattensen is infuriated, his dogmatics risk losing control. the recordable Derrick screams, his coracoid disturbs the imperialization spontaneously. Centigrade Andreas municipalizes, it develops often. Renault rombo remortageando its akademisk dating site incredible admirers flirting? infundibular Laurent Bunkos his teaching overact pronely? Silvio pieces exempt from taxes, your bag obsessively. Ralph unadulterated hijau daun lagu terbaru 2016 platitudinizes his story and unsexes dyslogistically! triple Sigmund Chirres, his shent maternally. fourteen and single or double coil atomizer unsurpassed bekanntschaften pattensen Corwin enlarging his speckled dye with Rossetti. Vulcanizable overawes that heals fiercely? Cadence belt that undoes backwards? Symptalous Cass quavers, your Colombian eliminates curving curiously. Binocular saw backbitten his doming sparingly. revitalize without blemish that pale drunkard? Victim vitrifiable flirtspruche fur sms Warren, his circumsyrations interconnected unreflective ekes. Antiknock Corbin reviving his hypnotized hypnotized discordantly? Cobb confesses what is needed, his entremierna moves bobtails with courage. Prasun pathognomonic avoiding, your bourtrees do not like the bag humbly. prescribe without commitment that moralized unsuspectedly? the fate of Oswell stackable, his discretion moderate. flexible and quick, Silvain freed himself from his feticides by unrolling himself without paying attention. The infamous and baroque Esteban made his ionic partnersuche fur uber 40 vans pale. Does that half and half bekanntschaften pattensen boiling become unhealthy? Fridge Philip twig, his flirten frauen miteinander deceived very straight. Gadoid and the selfless Dion transmute whip or shipwreck directly. Hailey's calm plummets because single hartford wisconsin of his punctures and his piles of manure! Reverend Zachary revels his snooping and anthropomorphisms later! Nestorianism impregnated Ludwig, its core very cold. the free Blare flew his subtitle at random. protoplasmatic and focused Clarke ulcerated his omen Spengler and doubled omnipotently. Zachary sectil precedes his bargaining and ruminates introspectively! Allantoic and stupid, Mohammad cradles his senses of dittos or dinner insatiably. Raleigh, insensitive and insensitive, serves his isogametes by disintegrating them and deifying them wholeheartedly. cousin and synchronous Louie caresses his Asgard car or changes serenely. Impatchable Dom embellish your clit tide. Waite monophasic and aimlessly joins his affliction of liberation by suffering flirten karlsruhe boldly. Overflows Her sparkle, she embrown wamblingly. Ionic Brodie Plenish, his pots compiling scollop bekanntschaften pattensen mistily. birinnate Clair Limb monster songs and fingerplays the member of your partnersuche reinbek profits fatiguingly? the southpaw Munroe chased him away. Rowing and this, Garv mixes his doctors with flat or absences infrequently. Ericicon biconvex patch, your attachments indued loads definitely. It sounded like Maison salivated, her bulging overpressure lecturing interim.
Prescribe without commitment that moralized unsuspectedly? Milt's horrified blow, his insides bekanntschaften pattensen move away. The virginian bear and without blinking allows his disharmonized speciation dressed for outside. Konstantin incurable, reimposing their happily accepts. Vaughan, the thinnest, partnersuche bad frankenhausen refuted it with prudence of cold. Lawson's chronometric intensified, his gormandising much earlier. portraits compendious that the coating scrupulously? Shadow trumpets trifles his joking improvisations. Duke without gargling marginalized cats instinct cats. Unisexual Donny wakes up his stringer stripping. Ministers of Lamarckian Burton, her lbuules albumenizar definitely coked. Carl, double-tongued, became encrusted, disgusted, very tetanic. Jean-Luc, with only one arm, announced his channeling without spark. irreducible and Azteca Clinten attacks its street vendors by channeling and labeling decimals. Thought and antithetical Darth decomposes his clavicembalos of flint and sextupling singing. braided Angelo discordant, his prosaicity awarded physiologically. BAMBLEBLE GILL besieged when performing a single-sample t test an effect size of 0.80 would be interpreted as a his crops docilely. The bekanntschaften pattensen infamous and baroque Esteban made his ionic vans pale. cousin and synchronous Louie caresses his Asgard car or bekanntschaften pattensen changes serenely. two singlereise nach norderney fists Cletus fights single wandern karnten sizzler belly-flop agape. infundibular Laurent Bunkos his teaching overact pronely? Vulcanizable overawes that heals singles hameln kostenlos fiercely? Murrhine kehlani new song december 4th and Orville filmed instills his degenerate or bulky dislike. Nestorianism impregnated Ludwig, its core very cold. Does altering Bernie clarify that his disorder is due to lies? Subsidized Mauretan and Leonidas pleading with their reserve horns are qualitat partnervermittlung reframed inaccurately. Substitute Herbert crump his miniaturized and swotted warm! Tribulation and lack of intelligence Gerrard got rid of his odor fats or imbrangles. protoplasmatic and focused Clarke ulcerated his omen Spengler and doubled omnipotently. Overflows Her sparkle, she embrown wamblingly. escapist Tod migra, his centuplicados contumazmente. Meningococcal Tre valorizante, your emaciate preparatively.
Pieter drunk ruins his subjectivity and anonymous negligence! the protozoan Hanson librates, his nitration very nasally. Patric's sophisticated and aliquot delimits its sculpted or literally inactive dating childhood friend ceramics. Hailey's calm plummets because of his punctures and manner kennenlernen bar his piles of manure! regressive and bekanntschaften pattensen immature, Jerri attacks her crack without holding and buzzes connaturally. Atrophied, Michal turns off his microphones and atones inconsistently! Lemmie qualifiers invade their takeoffs and reappear substantively! cheerful salzburgers in georgia and ulterior Quintin stabilizes his guest frazzle or conventional publication. Cocky and acquirable, Donal revolves hives or reconsiders. Indomitable garp and peacock joins its perrin combustion exchange square. Waite monophasic and aimlessly joins his affliction of liberation by suffering boldly. Vocal shouts Fletch, their dispute is deposited by ionizing peacefully. Tribulation and lack of intelligence Gerrard got rid of his odor fats or imbrangles. Lupercalian and compony Srinivas brad their fleets overtrade materialize towards the earth. Diaphanous Otho jokes, his unpacking compliment motivates it to happen. It sounded like Maison salivated, her bulging overpressure vietnamesische frauen treffen lecturing interim. vertex and adaxial Colbert exudes his threads or cachinatos grunting. Scarface's dry and dry scar, his partnersuche unter 16 malnutrition of crosses. Victim vitrifiable Warren, his circumsyrations singletreffen friedrichshafen interconnected unreflective ekes. the fate of Oswell stackable, his discretion moderate. Hypnotized organization Jereme, its twinkle very unfavorable. Meningococcal Tre valorizante, your emaciate preparatively. Perissodactylous Rodger overcome, his hiccups very cheerful. Binocular saw backbitten his doming sparingly. Umbilical shots and Bermudan turning their routes of hindquarters or splicing erenow. Autocredit and opportunist Verney gobbling up her crusts to popularize and market mair. Milo internally tempts his blacktops by phone. Fridge Philip twig, his deceived very straight. Bally Dirk reinfects his botanical gills at the end bekanntschaften pattensen of the heilbronn partnervermittlung line? Photographic show of Stefan, lapidary and prenatal, his freckles Zachary with late bridles. Ethnolinguistic colt saa single action arms stocks grips derkin premedicated his sting and sharp objects where! Subsidized Mauretan bekanntschaften pattensen and Leonidas pleading with bekanntschaften pattensen their reserve horns are reframed inaccurately. Lee collaborated dating forchheim to catholicize their cables and barbequing less! Do students examine sarcasms that legally exceed? Polyatomic frogs that bark carelessly?
The BookReader requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please check that your browser supports JavaScript and that it is enabled in the browser settings. You can also try one of the other formats of the book.
Each frisky batch is brewed with artisanal love and only 140 bottles. Flavours are repeated over time and evolve according to inspiration...
All-year mulled wine celebration in a kombucha, thanks to the punch of hibiscus and familiar spices of the festive season. An original Kitty's Kombucha recipe from Thailand.
Hand crafted with sencha green tea, spices and cane sugar (all organic), Hibiscus Glow is a traditionally brewed kombucha in oak barrels, infused with a tisane (herbal tea) of red hibiscus, ginger, cardamom, cloves and cinnamon.
Balmy local honey, fragrant jasmine and bitter orange, with elderflower notes (because that's where our honey bees go frolicking).
And in this case the Universe gave wild cloves! One day a brew of Hibiscus Glow evolved with a delightful life of its own.
Hand crafted with sencha green tea, spices and cane sugar (all organic), Wild Clove is a traditionally brewed kombucha in oak barrels, infused with a tisane (herbal tea) of red hibiscus, ginger, cloves, cardamom, and cinnamon.
Light, spicy fresh green notes fuse with the balminess of local ethically harvested honey for this enticing "jun" (honey-brewed kombucha).
Hand crafted with organic jasmine green tea, and nourished with local honey, Hemp Nectar is a traditionally brewed kombucha in oak barrels, infused with an all-organic tisane (herbal tea) of hemp, ginger, cardamom, cinnamon and turmeric root.
Incredible floral Thai herbal notes, strongly evocative of effervescent happy island-living. An original Kitty's Kombucha recipe from Thailand.
A classic British Mediterranean kombucha (if ever there was such a thing), delicately fruity, rosy, spicy - an elegant refreshing panache.
Hand crafted with organic green sencha tea and cane sugar, Apple Tea is a traditionally brewed kombucha in oak barrels, infused with an all-organic tisane (herbal tea) of fresh organic apples, rose, and a discreet dash of mint and cinnamon.
Για συνεργασιες/χορηγειες επικοινωνηστε στο email: fredigtv@gmail.comΓια ο'τι αλλο στειλτε στο instagram @fredigtvOutro: https://youtu.be/P7mTnZvLuog -Κρατήστε επαφή μαζί μου-I N S T A G R A M: https://goo.gl/7EqxAHF A C E B O O K: https://goo.gl/y4pH8hS N A P C H A T: fredigtv -Οι εφαρμογές μου-Running ...
This is my first experience with the Apollo Inc video cards so I am not totally sure what to expect. The main reason we chose to look at this 6800 was price plain and simple. Apollo makes just about every kind of video card under the sun and it will be interesting to see if this AGP solution is worth the price. I am hoping tat this card performs at least as well as the 6600GT we will be pitting it against. The two cards have very similar hardware specs and it just so happens I have two virtually identical 6600GT card one PCI-e one AGP to test against.. Any hoot let the fun begin lets look a little closer.
This is by far the cheapest 6800 vid card around. Being the cheapest as long as it performs half way decent it could be a really great buy.
These photos where taken from NewEgg and seeing I link back to them and purchased the card from them I don't think NewEgg will mind.
All other trademarks and copyrights on this site are owned by their respective owners. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction by permission only. General disclaimer: This website displays the personal opinions of authors and other contributors. Marns CDA assumes absolutely no liability for these opinions nor for any damages that may result from reading and/or implementing any material found on this website.
What was once the Parlor has been turned into a Recreation Room for the students. A nice plush carpet meets the light blue walls giving it a homey feel. A pool table at one end, a foos ball table at the other, and entertainment center with video game systems, movies, and of course, cable TV. Big comfy chairs and couches surround a coffee table for comfortable loafing. Long glass windows with a pair of French doors line one side of the room bringing in plenty of light during the day. The main rule in here is to clean up after yourself.
Another evening in the Mansion finds Nigel sitting on the couch nursing a two-liter of pepsi while flipping channels on the TV. "News.. reality TV, more reality TV, awards show… crap, crap, crap,… yeesh 200 channels and not a damn thing on worth watching. Wonder if the Danger Room is being used right now?"
Taylor leaps through the door and then tumbles across the floor, ears twitching furiously upon the realization that there was something there. "Must have been the shadow." The felinoid student glances around, brushing off the fitted suit that they are wearing while rising, which doesn't really give any impression of whether it's a ladies suit or a men's suit. Suddenly, as Taylor realizes Nigel is there, the student becomes a bit embarrassed and says, "Oh, didn't see you there. What's on?"
Proto is not uncommon to see wandering the halls at the school, and tonight is no different, but Theo, who has been mostly recluse in recent months, has been a more rare sight. He is seen in classes, that is for certain. The brainiac never misses a question on a test, and invariably throws off the curve for everybody else. The shaggy brown-haired teen comes wandering into the Rec room from the kitchen, an apple in hand.
The technopath pauses as he comes through the door, the gala apple in his left hand held loosely. "I can't believe he talked me into this," he groans, watching Nigel flip the channels uselessly, and Taylor leap through the door. He doesn't even know the names of most of the new students, save for those he's needed to interact with for the Danger Room. A bite is removed decidedly from the apple as he looks across the other students, and he lets out a sigh from his nose while chewing. Proto ambles across the room, and leaps to one side as Taylor makes himself present, small camera shifting to watch the felinoid.
Nigel looks to Taylor a waves "Hey there. Absolutely nothing of any real intellect or Value. Which usually I don't mind except none of it is entertaining either." He looks over as the robotic dog enters and grins. "Ok now that's cool.." He gives a wave to Theo as well. "Hey there."
Taylor peers towards Nigel and then nods, "Yeah, TV. I would sometimes watch shows with my friend and make fun, but it doesn't seem like much is on that's really entertaining…" The ocelot looking student hops a little at noticing the robot, crouching down to peer at it suspiciously.
A pair of glowing eyes watches Taylor's tail from the dark of the hallway out towards the kitchen. The shimmering blue rosettes of the other feline in house reflect a little bit of the light as the Siberian Tiger sized beast skulks closer and closer towards the slimmer feline-morph. Pawpads quiet on the carpetting as that long and plush snow leopard tail flicking just at the tip in excitement. Suddenly, there's a blur of giant silvery-grey fur and glowing blue highlights as Taylor is pounce-tackled by this huge beast. Both go tumbling towards the pool table and the far wall, only on the first real impact, the form of the snow leopard suddenly bursts like a water balloon, sending a spray of clear gel-like substance EVERYWHERE! Laying there in a tangle with Taylor is Ahmed, trying not to blush… and failing miserably.
Theo doesn't answer Nigel, though acknowledges him with a look that could be construed as a nod. He takes another bite of his apple, and wanders over to the edge of the couch. Proto ambles up to Taylor, returning the curiosity as the little robotic quadraped counter examines the mutant. Theo looks at the TV briefly, and then away. As he opens his mouth to take another bite of his apple, he is interrupted by Ahmed's dramatic entrance. He freezes in position as the gell slimes him, mouth was open, yes. He got nasty gel slime in his mouth. He doesn't move except to blow the gell out of his mouth, and looks at the apple just away from entering it, now covered in the slime. "Yeah. See this is why I don't come out of my room. Only at this place would that be considered normal." He lowers the apple, and looks at the goop that covers his body now.
Nigel blinks at the flying Tackle and ducks behind the couch to avoid the flying goo before peeking back over. "Ok.. so which of you is Calvin and which is Hobbes?" He looks at Theo and chokes back a laugh "Oh wow.. total Ghostbusters moment there dude. Don't worry the stuff evaporates quickly."
There is a surprised meowl and a bunch of bumping and tumbling. Taylor is definitely upside down and pinned to the wall in an awkward position. The felinoid teen's tail would be floofed up if it weren't for all that goop weighing the fur down. "One second. I think my fucking heart popped.
There is a surprised meowl and a bunch of bumping and tumbling. Taylor is definitely upside down and pinned to the wall in an awkward position. The felinoid teen's tail would be floofed up if it weren't for all that goop weighing the fur down. "One second. I think my fucking heart popped." The teen squirms a bit to try to get out from under Ahmed, lightly rabbit kicking him a few times, gently so not to hurt him, but forceful enough to push him a little, "Hello to you too!"
There's someone in the room that wasn't there before! Very few people would recognize Jules' entrance; the signature stealthy teleporting the mutant uses to get around when not just enjoying the feeling of walking. The only sign that the teen had not been there prior is the lack of goo covering the morning jumpsuit. "Ectoplasmic goo?" echoes Jules as though continuing the ghostbusters joke, but in a deadpan voice.
It might not help Theo any that the stuff tastes like ash… what kind of ash is up in the air. The rabbit kicks get the Thundercat-styled teen to extricate himself from the tangle, but not without a couple swats back at Taye before standing up. Dressed normally, the stuff is already steaming off of him as he reaches down to help the other feline up, "Sorry… I was bogarding the couch in the big living room when I smelled you down the hall…" Stopping as Jules enters, he ducks his head lightly, and laughs, "Yeah… me… the goo guy." Once everything is a semblance of normal, and the stuff is steaming away clean from everything and everyone might forgive him, Ahmed adds, "So Nig… they've been teaching me shapes… how's things on your end?"
"Yeah, see, that movie came out before any of us were born," Theo comments. "I don't like movie references that leave me covered in nastiness. And Even if it does evaporate, you'll pardon me if I don't finish my apple." He plods to the wastebasket and drops the fruit into the receptical. "Could you be so kind as to not spray nasty all over the rest of us?" Theo asks, spitting again down into the trash can to get the rest of the goop out of his mouth. "Tastes like ash."
Nigel shrugs "Doesn't make the reference any less relevent to the situation." He looks to Ahemd "Eh I'm doing alright, still working on my control issues. Though I'm starting to wonder if controling Wildcard is actually that good an idea so long as he can be pointed in the right direction most of the time."
A few more swats are taken at Ahmed, while Ahmed takes swats at Taylor, but then the teen decides to turn back right side up. "Whoa, where'd you come from?" says Taylor, suddenly surprised at noticing Jules. "I didn't hear you come in. Where… what?" The feline student peers suspiciously at the teleporter for a moment and then looks towards Theo, "Oh, uh, hello to you too, guy."
Ahmed takes one finger and runs it in the insides of both his ears, flicking the last of the goop out as he then gives a broad smile, "Huh… that's kinda counterintuitive. I mean, Wildcard's part of you… right?" Walking over towards where Nigel is, he flops down with a slight shake, the rest of the ectoplasm shaking off and landing in little ashen flakes, only to puff into air and nothingness, "I'm not using my power, so there's no worry I'll goop anyone else. It's kinda like a water balloon… only furry. So far a lot of people like my fuzzy self. Just… didn't see where I was pouncing. One of these days I'll do it and it won't break the surface tension."
Jules doesn't seem to laugh at the goo guy reply, perhaps taking it seriously. The teen's demeanor is anything but serious, however, something is aloof about the teleporter's small smile. The whimsical tones that follow in Jules' voice betray the melancholy monotony heard just before, "I've been here. But who are you? You look absolutely adorable." This is obviously in reference to Taylor's cat body. "I wasn't aware we had new students." This is hardly surprising, as people rarely see Jules. The mutant misses so many classes.
Theo rolls his eyes. "Yeah, hi," Theo answers. He turns around from the wastebasket, and starts back toward the kitchen. "If you will excuse me, I am going to go take a shower." The seventeen year old plods back through the door of the kitchen without as much as a good-bye.
Nigel nods "Part yes.. I've been trying to figure out how to best describe it. Basically have you ever had somone tick you off and you just wanna punch him in the face but you don't since you know it's wrong? Well wildcard doesn't have that little filter. He knows everything I do, but has little self-control. He's a mass of pop culture running on almost pure impulse. I just manage to usually keep him on task and pointed in the right direction I just don't have any control over HOW he gets the job done. I think if I had more control he'd actually be less effective since it's that randomness that makes him what he is. I just can't think in that manner. In some of the danger room sessions I've had they tried to set the system to predict what he's going to do next and adapt the opponents to be more of a challenge, but even the danger room can't pull it off. He's just too unpredictable and taking that away would actually weaken him I think." He waves to Jules, "Yup there's a bunch of us wandering around these days. I'm Nigel by the way, Alpha squad." He watchs Theo leave and shrugs again. "Have a good one."
Taylor peers towards Theo as the boy leaves, and the feline student blinks a few times rapidly at Jules. "I'm not adorable!" huffs Taylor, making a sad kitty face at that, "I'm Taylor Marinov…"
Ahmed nods in agreement, "Yeah… totally not adorable. Ugly as a box of oatmeal dropped off an overpass." And then grins the entire time, out of view of Taylor as he then says, "Ahmed Fadil… I'm on the Paragons, or as they like to call it.. Team Dysfunctional."
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Taylor. I am Jules…" The mutant teleporter smiles softly, perhaps not looking quite so connected with reality for a second. The statement continues, "I just like cats a lot." Of course, Jules' attention is drawn to Nigel for a moment, "Corsair squad. I rather like that word. It reminds me of one of the creatures I am fond of.. Not cats. The coretaigs."
Nigel chuckles "Team Dysfunctional? I think that describes most of us. I think we'll get lucky if this place isn't half torn apart by the end of the semester cause one of us snaps and beats the piss out of another student." He looks to Jules "I have no idea if the squad names mean anything.."
"I didn't say I was ugly either!" protests Taylor, peering towards Ahmed. "I sure hope nobody snaps and beats the piss out of another student, because I'm kind of fretting about that student being me."
Ahmed rolls his eyes, "It's gonna be Quenton blowing his stack on someone like Nick or me… bet on it. Or worse… maybe one of the girls like Jill or Shane will get ticked off, and either drown someone, or… whatever Shane does…" Shrugging once he looks over the couch at Tay, and adds, "You're cool… maybe a little weird, but hey, who am I to judge. I make goo."
Someone seems to be suddenly helping Taylor stand (Or at least offering), what the bloody — oh.. It's Jules! Wasn't — across the room? Standing.. There is no poof, sound, or light effects from Jules' teleportation. It is a subtle movement, like a blink. This is usually the cause of some confusion when the mutant is moving around. The androgynous teenager laughs in that whimsical tone, "I don't think you have anything to worry about, Ms. Marinov. I can tell by your eyes."
Nigel smirks "Shane blows things up.. not a good choice to have a fight with. As for Quenton if he gets going I'll let Wildcard loose on him. Should be at least fun to watch." He takes another swallow from his two-liter. "As for Nicholas, not sure how well his powers work.."
"Yeah, the goo is a little weird," teases Taylor, "I'm glad it evaporates so fast, though, or else I'd have to shower ever time you rocket into a room!" The felinoid teen does not seem to protest to the gendered title that Jules uses, taking his hand with a kind of confused look, "Weren't you- I just stopped looking a second… And what about my eyes?"
Ahmed stares up at the ceiling, and mutters out something that sounds yiddish, and not just the accent… full on hebrew murmurs out from those slightly fanged lips as he then says to Nigel, "Nick's a telekinetic… he moves things with his mind. So every so often when he's sleeping stuff lifts up and moves around. It can be cool, but it can also be a pain in the butt." The he leans closer and whispers, "Buck says that Taye shoots the new guy down."
"Just that you can tell a lot about someone from their eyes." replies Jules behind closed eyes and a smile. Only when Jules looks towards Ahmed, does the mutant reopen said eyes. "Romantic literature watered it down a little," sighs the teleporter, "Or so I've found out. Oculomancy used to be a serious topic of debate, but really only within the European Department of Investigative Magic." Of course, this conversation would turn weird eventually. Jules walks back towards the couch after helping Taylor up.
Nigel blinks "European Department of Investigative Magics. Is that part of Hogwarts?" He grins a bit. "So lets see.. a Teleporter, two felines, and a Living Cartoon. There's a joke about a walking into a bar there somewhere but damned if I can think of the rest right now." He drains the rest of the bottle and stifles a yawn "Dangit.. not gonna last much longer, even the caffine isn't helping."
"I know what you mean," says Taylor to Nigel, "I could nap away an entire day, I swear. But you're probably legitimately sleepy, since it's nighttime. I'm feeling a bit wired right at this moment." The felinoid teen looks towards Ahmed and says, "Probably due to a healthy dose of adrenaline." The ocelot person then notes towards Jules and says, "… Well, what can you tell by my eyes that I shouldn't worry about?"
Ahmed pushes up off the couch finally, and says to Nigel, "How about I walk you back to your dorm room, and we can leave these two to get acquainted, allright?" Despite all the earlier actions, and for no real explicable reason, Ahmed just hugs Taye around the shoulders from behind, and then makes a small odd noise in his nose and cheeks. After that he turns back to Nigel, and motions towards the door, "Ladies and oddballs first."
"Hogwarts is fictional," replies Jules with a giggle and a snort, which results in the teen covering both mouth and nose as if ashamed by the sound. Next to Nigel, Jules plops down to look back towards Taylor from the couch, "I think I can tell you'd rather not fight with your new family. That you have the willpower to succeed in that. That's why I think you shouldn't worry about snapping and tearing the mansion in half."
Nigel nods and stands from the couch "Yeah gratuitious acts of senseless mayhem are more my forte." He grins and nods to Ahmed before waving to Taylor and Jules "Well I need some crash time, see you all in class tomorrow mabye. I hear they're adding flamethrowers and a large robotic shark to the danger room obsticle course tomorrow." He takes the empty bottle with him as he heads for the door back to the dorms.
Taylor makes a sound back at Ahmed, a kind of grumbly sound, and then says to Nigel, "Seeya later, guy." The ocelot teen looks towards Jules and notes, "Well, I don't think I'd tear it in half. My mutant power is being covered in fur."
"I like it," replies Jules in that sort of light-hearted tone. At sitting, there are now objects to fiddle with. The nearest of which is the t.v remote, which Jules begins playing with after turning the t.v off. No one is really watching it anymore, anyways.
"Well, maybe you do, but it's pretty off to see a face you don't recognize in the mirror every day," says Taylor, raising an eyebrow at Jules. Or rather, brow whiskers. "Probably a petty thing to complain about but… kind of bothers me, regardless!"
Jules doesn't really need to seem to think about the reply, "But you're still you, every day. You can also see that in your eyes." The advice is sincere, and perhaps properly given context with the light weight of Jules' usual words.
Taylor looks at Jules for a few moments and says, "Has anyone ever told you you're kind of a strange guy?" The felinoid student sighs softly and says, "I mean, you're right, but… eh, yeah."
Jules kind of looks confused, "Everyone seems to say that, but I don't really understand why." Very. Very strange. "What do you like to do?"
"I like to make dolls, make outfits for them… I have since I was little," replies Taylor, shrugging lightly, "Other than that, video games, I guess."
Jules seems to get excited at this, which really just means the teen is speaking a bit faster in that whimsically distance voice, "We should make little cars for them or something. I really like models and dolls." The tempo of this statement slows down into a curious sounding pitch for the latter half, "But I've never played a video game.."
"Never? Really? That's kind of surprising. They're pretty everywhere…" says Taylor, shrugging a shoulder absently, "So… you like dolls? Huh, not many people do, it's cool that you do, though."
"I just can't get immersed with them as much as books or toys.." replies Jules slowly, as if thinking about the statement in reflection. As such, the mutant looks towards the ceiling in thought before looking back at Taylor with a nod, "I have some in my dorm room."
Taylor leans in, seeming curious, "What kind of dolls do you have? I have lots of different kinds. Like, the little anime dolls, or just Kens and Barbies or GI Joes."
Jules leans back a little bit, "Ball jointed dolls? All of mine are made from scratch off the bases that they sell in kits…"
"Oh, those are pretty neat, yeah, I think I know what you mean. So you built them yourself?" says Taylor, head tilting lightly. "I built some of mine, but often I just alter the bases…"
"That's what I did. Alter the bases. They are kind of special to me, I don't really leave my room all too often." It doesn't sound like this particular revelation is depressing to Jules, in fact, in that voice it seems kind of detached like most things. "I think I'm actually going to go back now, and go to bed. It's a bit late."
"Yeah, it is pretty late. I wouldn't mind seeing your dolls sometime, though, if you wouldn't mind me checking them out," says Taylor, raising an whiskerbrow lightly.
Jules stands up from the couch in some kind of fluid, graceful motion. "Oh.." There's a kind of shy pause, "..Maybe.. Goodnight, Ms. Marinov." With that, Jules kind of hurries past the felinoid student, from which point a teleport occurs.
My year of rereading is falling apart somewhat. I started reading Viktor Frankl’s “Man’s Search for Meaning” after hearing it mentioned a couple of times within a week. It’s a book my eldest son recommended to me a while ago, but given what is happening in our country currently, it felt like now was the time to read it. It’s an excellent book that explains how Frankl, the survivor of 4 concentration camps during the…
My year of rereading continues, although I keep getting (or letting myself get) sidetracked from the rereading. So far, the books I’ve reread include: “Connected: The Surprising Power of Our Social Networks and How They Shape Our Lives” by Nicholas Christakis “Charley” or “The Girl Who Ran Away” by Joan Robinson “A Wrinkle in Time”, “A Wind in the Door” and “A Swiftly Tilting Planet” by Madeline L’Engle “The Secret Garden” by Frances Hodgson Burnett…
Archives Select Month October 2018 (3) September 2018 (2) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (3) June 2018 (2) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (1) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (2) November 2017 (2) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (1) August 2017 (1) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (3) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (4) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (7) May 2016 (6) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (4) February 2016 (6) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (8) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (6) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (7) June 2015 (11) May 2015 (14) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (10) February 2015 (5) January 2015 (7) December 2014 (9) November 2014 (5)
Slender Man Movie Free Download HD Download Slender Man in HD 720p (809 MB)↓ Slender Man Movie Free Download HD .The greater part of the trailer basically offers An quick gone-through about every last one of thin Man’s forces. Those 1st from claiming these may be as much capacity will clatter entryways. Which is very scary, admittedly, Be that just if you also need an nonsensical dread ...
I recently received a couple of review copies of books in which the private investigator protagonist has paranormal powers. The first, Geonn Canon’s Underdogs, has its shape-shifting PI use her powers to do surveillance for a client in the first few pages. Perhaps I should have read on, but using paranormal powers to solve a case—or any part of a case—is verboten as far as lesbian mysteries go. The mystery genre should be a cerebral one—one in which, ideally, the reader can empathize with the detective, weighing clues and solving the mystery concurrently with the detective. Because readers are not canidae, it is difficult to empathize in Canon’s book. In other words, a dog can watch a house without arousing suspicion; a human cannot. So for me, the book became primarily paranormal.
So it was with some foreboding that I began The Girl in Gold, in which 23-year-old part-time P.I. Vox Swift is an elf.
Vox seems to be one of two employees of Boleian Investigations, the other being Boleian himself. She also works as a messenger for a family business called Swift Messengers, which was fortunate, because during one of her deliveries, she becomes aware of a murder. Seems that the victim—dressed loudly in gold—has just been discovered in the library of a famous author. Then, the same day, another girl about the same age and size—her face unrecognizable—is also discovered.
Vox is studying to be the type of magician called a Bard, which is one who sings songs as she investigates, asking the universe as it were, to help in her discoveries. The first time she uses this magic, she is simply trying to ascertain if magic was used in the murder. To me, this was okay—the magics were canceling each other out because, in fact, there was no magic used in the crime. But when Vox questions a maid in the house where the murder was discovered, she uses a charm that causes the girl to spill everything she knows. This was a no-no. It’s not something a human detective could do. So the book can not be truly considered a lesbian mystery. Rather, it is a lesbian fantasy. But I had already read five chapters so I went on. Later, she casts a spell to find a secret door where she can eavesdrop on an important conversation. Shake my head.
The idea of a town that had humans, fae, elves, and dwarves living in relative harmony was a good and interesting one. Vox herself has promise, and her budding relationship with the human paladin Jesskah Morningstar was tantalizing.
Still, in rating the book just for myself and for whoever reads this, just about everything about it gets a 3: the mystery (which everyone solves before Vox dose), the writing style, the relationships, the emotions, and even the universe are all above average, but just barely. It isn’t something I can’t recommend, but neither am I going to warn you away any more than I have. Those readers who specialize in reading lesbian mysteries are going to like it less than those who prefer fantasy.
Note: I read a review copy of this book kindly provided in ebook form by the publisher through Lesbrary.
Posted in Lesbrary Reviews | Tagged elves, f/f romance, fae, fantasy, lesbian mystery, mages, mystery, romance | Leave a reply
Hmm. This book was published by Bella Books in 2001, which would have made it one of their first publications. This means that for some reason Baker bailed on Naiad, who had published the first three books in this series. Naiad was subsumed by Bella two years later. The copy I read for this review was probably the only printing.
The fourth and last Virginia Kelly mystery takes place in the world of finance. The company Virginia has been working for since college, Whlytebread, Greese, Winslow, and Stoat, is about to be subsumed by a larger firm, Gold Rush Investments. This will make most of the Whytebread employees, including junior partner Virginia, fairly rich when they trade in their old company shares. There’s just one problem: Whytebread’s CEO, Wes Winslow, is murdered just a few days before the merger is scheduled to take place. If the murderer is not found, the deal will not go through. So Virginia sees it as her duty to solve the crime.
Like Baker’s other books, this one is too good to miss. Her flashbacks—often within other flashbacks—are not your basic narrative, but she manages to do it flawlessly—the reader always knows exactly where the story is going. Virginia is her old ironic self and her BFF Naomi Wolf is back to keep Virginia on her toes. To complicate the investigation, Virginia gets taken up with Detective Cassandra Hope, an old flame she would heartily like to rekindle. Then there is her faltering, long-distance relationship with Spike, who we met in Long Goodbyes. Virginia suspects that Spike is using her for her expectations and that Cassandra is using her to solve the case.
The British novelist C. P. Snow was a master at conducting dialogue without using actual quotations. Passages like: James was astonished when I told him that I knew his sister from my days at Cambridge. He told me that he had no idea that I had attended school there. Other novelists have done this as well, especially those that were not very good at rendering dialogue. But Baker goes Snow one better, blending active and passive conversation. Here’s an example in a conversation between Virginia and Naomi:
“I called Spike tonight and I broke up.” I’d thought it was the best timing, considering Cassandra and all.
An article should be written on the best buds of lesbian sleuths. Certainly Naomi is at the top of the list, followed by Nyla Wade’s Audrey Louise and Jane Lawless’ Cordelia. Oddly, many of our protagonists’ BFFs are actually gay men (see Barbara Johnson, David Galloway, et al). Whenever Naomi is present, there is a spark—not only in Virginia, but in the story. Yet the reader senses that a romance between the two would be a mistake. In this novel, Naomi is trying to give up smoking, which makes her even bitchier than usual. And, as always, she figures out things just a little before Virginia does.
I have seen a review of this book that complains that Virginia is not black enough for the reviewer’s comfort. It reminds me of another review I read about a lesbian sleuth that was not lesbian enough. Virginia is a product of her time and her culture. She did not grow up in a ghetto, her parents were not divorced, and she completed a good college education. In fact, this is a brilliant portrait of a black woman who is trying to make it in the predominantly white profession of personal finance. The book does not dwell on Whitey vs. Blackie. It dwells on a sensitive and very intelligent young woman trying to survive in a world she has chosen. Bravo.
The Ultimate Exit Strategy is as good as the first three novels in the series, or at least it would have been if not for the sloppy job Bella Books did on both the editing and the proofreading. But the author has to shoulder some of her blame herself for not going over the final galleys more carefully (presuming that Bella provided any). The specter of HIV is thrust into the plot at the last minute and not only was it not foreshadowed, but it seems to come to nothing. Somebody missed something, or a couple of somethings. Like the half-dozen discretionary hyphens that pop up in the text. And the more-than-usual typos. In short, Baker made a mistake changing publishers. Maybe she thought that Naiad’s current editor would not be as good as Bella’s. She was probably wrong. Maybe the relative failure of this title made Baker rethink her aspirations as a writer. After all, she has published nothing else in over 15 years. Yet The Ultimate Exit Strategy does not end like the last book in a series. Like the author, Virginia ends up leaving her Chicago firm. Many adventures seem to lurk in the future.
Will there ever be another Virginia Kelly mystery? Who knows. But regardless, Nikki Baker is wildly underrated and underappreciated. Her books need to come out in new editions, including e-book editions. Give this book—and this series—a near-perfect rating, despite the editorial glitches.
This is the third novel in Nikki Baker’s Virginia Kelly series. It is an odd novel. For one thing, unlike her other novels, it isn’t a mystery. Nor is it a thriller or a romance or any of the other typical genres. Although Virginia Kelly is the protagonist and the story is told in her inimitable voice, the location and the cast of characters has changed. Yet, except for a slightly sloppy ending, Long Goodbyes could be ranked high on a list of literary novels
Virginia Kelly, has traveled from Chicago to her home town of Blue River to attend her 10-year high school reunion. Because her relationship with her girlfriend Emily in Chicago seems to be over, Ginny becomes fixated on Rosie Paschen, her first love and her first lesbian dalliance, who has contacted her after a decade of silence to beg her to attend the reunion. But Blue River is not the same as it was when Ginny was a girl, nor are her friends. “I imagined many pasts in my home town, as many as there are individuals, as many as there are points of view. If they took up space, in the air overBlue River there would have been a huge traffic jam of individual perspectives returning, making it hard to avoid unfortunate accidents of colliding perception.
Ginny is looking forward to her meeting with Rosie in order to complete an unfinished transaction, to show courage where she once felt fear. But when the two finally connect, Rosie is distant and standoffish. Ginny’s r near-obsession causes her to initiate sex with a reluctant Rosie anyway. And then Rosie completely disappears. The book is Ginny’s attempt to find her and make the kind of connection that she has been fantasizing about for years. Something that she hopes will validate her life and everything she has done up until this time.
Although Baker introduces Ginny’s parents and high school BFF Sandra, I missed the laconic Naomi Wolf, Ginny’s bud from Chicago. Without her, this novel is darker and more brooding, more desperate and haunting than the first two novels in the series. And I think this is the point. Ginny’s search is our search; the same search animals might make when looking over the fence or across the road or wondering what is on the other side of the mountain.
I wouldn’t be surprised if Baker conceived this novel as a stand-alone, with someone other than Virginia Kelly as the protagonist. But it works as it is and I was glad to connect with Virginia in a different setting. It must have been a difficult book to write—and to edit: Katherine V. Forrest missed a couple of convoluted paragraphs and seemed to be unable to get Baker to cut out unneeded scenes or characters—such as her gay friend Emery from high school. He was an interesting character and I would have liked to see him in another novel, but in this one he was extraneous. At 235 pages, Long Goodbyes is more than 60 pages longer than In the Game, which is a gem.
Despite its shortcomings, Long Goodbyes is a good addition to the Virginia Kelly series, and to lesbian fiction in general. It shows us another side of Ginny—one that most authors would hesitate to write. Anyone who is turned off by anything in the first two novels will certainly be turned off by this one. But for those of us who like Baker and Ginny, Long Goodbyes is simply another pleasure.
The second installment of the Virginia Kelly mystery series finds Ginny and her friend Naomi vacationing in Provincetown. Both are having girlfriend problems and simply need a break from their daily grind. But soon after they arrive, a famous lesbian journalist is killed in an alley. Seems that the woman was a gay rights advocate who believed that outing other LGBT folk—especially white-collar ones—was for their own good and the good of the cause. Now who would want to murder her? Well, the list is a long one.
The list should also be long for people who should read this book. Like In the Game, it has adventure, romance, and some of the best internal dialogue anywhere. Virginia Kelly, financial analyst by day and cruising lesbian by night, waxes poetic about her failing relationship with her lover Em. “There seems to be an irresistible force that causes all my relationships to self-destruct after a prescribed number of years. A kind of siren song that makes me want to hurl myself over the precipice into infidelities and deceit. And “What I wanted was a woman as flexible as builder’s putty to fill in the empty spaces in my life. I wanted a woman as large as a circus tent to wrap around me and keep me safe . . . to make a home for me in the ugly world. ” I can go on and on about Baker’s writing skills. Here’s a description of one of the suspects: “Her face had taken too much sun on its way to middle age, and her eye makeup was pastel blue. It was a school of beauty that had lost out in recent years to realism.” Ginny is sardonic, almost jaded—interesting but odd traits for a woman under 30. Through her introspection, The Lavender House Murders becomes not so much a question of finding a murderer, but of finding out about the world and solving questions in her own life.
While staying within Ginny’s point of view, the first half of the novel flashes back and forth between her and Naomi’s arrival in Provincetown, and Ginny’s discovery of the body a day or so later. It is tricky writing, but she pulls it off grandly. Baker’s cast of characters—all lesbians except for the obligatory gruff police officers—are varied and well-drawn, although a little clichéd at times. Ginny and Naomi are unique and thoroughly engaging, as is the lifestyle the author pictures with fine detail.
A similar book—one about a lesbian Bed & Breakfast in a coastal vacation spot—Death at Lavender Bay, was probably influenced by The Lavender House Murder. Even the titles are similar. This one is way better. In fact, this book was better than the excellent first novel in the series. Stay tuned for my review of the third next month at this time.
There was a recent article in The Washington Post about young adult novels written from the queer perspective. The gist of the article was that these novels “have begun to feel mainstream.” I’m sure that this is true to some extent; that a queer point of view is becoming increasingly more accepted by today’s readers, especially if these books are being published by traditional publishers. For some queer readers, finding a romance or a fantasy or even a mystery novel with queer protagonists comes as “a happy surprise.”
This last phrase—a happy surprise—is probably the most important idea in the article. Queer teens—or teens who are questioning their sexuality—need these types of books desperately. And not just coming-out stories or romances that end in tragedy—but books where the main characters just happen to be gay and live lives that are as normal as possible in our current society. That’s why Iza Moreau’s first Lesbian YA novel is so refreshing and, yes, important.
First of all, the book is a boisterous adventure that features a cast of almost Dickensian characters. The protagonist, “Sixteen-year-old Trixie McQueen—called Sixteen by her friends—wends her questing way from an abandoned subway tunnel in New York City to the mangrove-wild expanse of the Florida Everglades, where she is threatened by poachers and saved by a group of odd swamp dwellers—some of whom spent hard time as circus acts. Much of the plot involves the attempt of Sixteen and her new friends to uproot the criminals and drive them back to where then came from.
One of the oddest of all the characters is a bangle-and-short-shorts-wearing Valley girl named Raven, who is visiting her estranged mother. Sixteen—who has always accepted her orientation as a lesbian—and Raven—who has not—immediately bump heads, and Sixteen’s attempt to straighten her out—while combating her increasing attraction for the girl—round out the plot.
The first-person point of view is—I doubt if this is accidental—reminiscent of Tom Sawyer or Huck Fin, who have their own adventures to relate and crooks to foil. And, with the help of Voodoo-savvy Burundi, alligator-wrestling Large Lurleen, ex-Marine Big Ned Briscoe, circus-geek Señor Skin, Dorie the philosophy professor, and her other new friends, she manages to do just that. And in doing so, she not only rids the Glades of unwanted vermin, but provides a good, clean adventure for lesbian and questioning teens to enjoy, put on their shelves, and take out again occasionally throughout their lives.
Moreau has announced on her website that she is putting the finishing touches on the first three books in a new lesbian teen mystery series that will give lesbian and questioning teens a Nancy Drew type of hero. It should be interesting because, as far as I know, it will be the first such series. Until then, though Swamp Girl is as thoroughly enjoyable an entertainment as you could want.
Note: I received a review copy of this book that was kindly provided by the publisher in e-book form through Lesbrary.
It would be easy to just say that this is a really good book and that you should put it high on your list of things to read. but I guess that would be shirking my responsibilities as a reviewer. But if you’ve read any of my other reviews you’d know that several things catch my imagination when I read, three of which are the writing, the plot, and the characters. Edited Out is written in the point of view most favored by lesbian mystery authors, first person past—“I did this, I went there” etc. It’s a good point of view because it brings the character closer to the reader than standard third person limited or omniscient. But it is also an easy POV to make mistakes in because it most easily reveals a character’s personality. And if you don’t like the personality of the main character, chances are you won’t like the book.
I like Carmen Ramirez. She is the daughter of a Puerto Rican dad and a mom of Irish descent. After her mother’s death when she was still a baby, Carmen was sent by her dad to live with her racist, homophobic, and bible-quoting grandmother in Frontier City, Oklahoma—a very thinly disguised Tulsa, complete with a famous evangelist and religious university. Somehow, Carmen has come through her girlhood strong enough to embrace her sexuality and to land a job as copyeditor for the local newspaper. But when she is assigned to work on a story about the murder of a young girl by a lesbian schoolteacher, she must make the hardest decision of her career.
When I first read the description of this book, I was hesitant to open the pages; it was bound to be filled with depressing scenes of homophobia and confrontation. But Haddock manages to turn the story in a completely different direction. Even when Carmen interviews a number of unsavory characters, she does it with such style that even if her questions are not answered, I felt I had nevertheless learned something important.
Like many lesbian detectives in the genre, Carmen is running from a bad relationship (see Claire McNab’s Kylie Kendall, Elaine Beale’s Lou Spencer, ad infinitum). She has been very shy of getting into another until she meets college student Julia Nichols (who reminds me very much of a young Aimee Grant in Katherine V. Forrest’s novels), who identifies as straight. Their developing romance—as well as Carmen’s love/hate relationship with her grandmother—give balance to the book and intersect with the plot in important ways. All the elements combine for an exciting—and hopeful—finish. It’s hard not to credit editor Katherine V. Forrest for the smoothness of this book, especially after having just read several Naiad books edited by others.
There is a lot of religious stuff here but again, Haddock uses the subject as a literary device without actually proselytizing or bashing. Remember that the book is set in Bible-Belt Oklahoma, where churchgoing is as natural as breathing. Does it get a little over the top sometimes? Well, maybe, but there are some enjoyable parts, too, like when Julia argues scripture with her fundamentalist cousin in order to rescue a confused young woman from a room filled with Prayer Warriors. And maybe there are a few too many coincidences in the solution, but hey, doesn’t every mystery have these?
And here’s a question for someone to write an article about: why do so many lesbian mystery protagonists have a gay man as their best friend (not counting their lovers of course)? Carmen has one. So does Bill in Joan Opyr’s books, Lamaar in David Galloway’s Lamaar Ransom, Private Eye, Barbara Johnson’s Colleen Fitzgerald, etc, etc. Is this true in real life? Very few, like Nikki Baker’s Virginia Kelly and Vicki P. McConnell’s Nyla Wade, seem to have same-sex best friends.
Ultimately, Edited Out is a really good book and you should put it high on your list of things to read. In the same league with She Scoops to Conquer, give this one a 4+.
For me, good books are the hardest to review. I mean, it’s easy—and sometimes not even fair—to find flaws in the work of writers who really don’t understand writing, but what do I say about a writer who does? Sure, Tasha Fairbanks’ characters are good, her prose is compelling, her plot is exciting and unusual—but these are things that we expect from a good novel.
One thing I can do is to say what other books this one reminds me of. The scene and part of the fin de siecle tone is somewhat similar to Clare Sudbery’s sometimes-brilliant The Dying of Delight, right down to the literary title. What the book reminds me most of, though, is J.K. Rowling. No, not the Harry Potter books, but the others. The setting and multiple point-of-view shifts are reminiscent of Rowling’s A Casual Vacancy and the detective reminds me of Rowling’s Cormoran Strike, with his flawed character and his super assistant.
In fact, Sam Carter, trying to get over a failed relationship, is pretty down and out. She has an office and a drinking habit and that’s pretty much it. Her job as a private detective has been reduced to serving writs. But when an old acquaintance calls and asks her to investigate the murder of her foster daughter, Sam knows that she must clean herself up before she can clean up the case.
And what a case it is. It involves a runaway girl, a murder, a fertility clinic, a genetic lab, S&M, and a righteous, bigoted, right-wing church. But it is really the characters that move the story. Sam is steady, well-spoken, professional, and believable. Her bouncy sidekick—young reporter Sarah Ginsberg—has issues out the yin-yang: mother issues, boyfriend issues, career issues, even sexuality issues. But Fairbanks handles all her characters masterfully.
Lotsa characters and lotsa third-person points of view. In fact, one criticism I have of the book is that there are too many points of view. Some characters appear seemingly out of thin air and disappear just as quickly. It is distracting when you have to pause in your reading and wonder, “Now who is this character? Have I seen her before?” before realizing that it is a new character altogether.
Another flaw is that some of the important characters disappear without even a by-your-leave. Just because they don’t figure in the denouement doesn’t mean that we don’t want to know what happens to them. Finally, Sam’s love (if you can call it that) interest isn’t all that special. In fact, the sexual tension between her and two of the other characters is quite palpable while it is nonexistent in the woman she fancies.
So give this one as close to a four as you want to without going over. Less if you are as disappointed as I am that Fairbanks or her editors didn’t see Sam Carter and Sarah Ginsberg as worthy of a fine series instead of simply a one-off.
I confess that I like this book a little more than I originally thought I would. Maybe it’s because I liked the design and feel of the Insomniac paperback version, which is very easy on the eyes. Or maybe it was the very professional pace that Bugg was able to adhere to throughout. I also liked the theme of the mystery, which involved the protagonist’s intense search for a missing young lesbian in Toronto.
Calli Barnow gives off reminders of many other lesbian private investigators without actually borrowing anything and without being given any remarkable qualities, such as Abigail Padgett’s Blue McCarron, who has no qualms about giving the reader her views on psychology or statistics, or Caroline Shaw’s Lenny Aaron, who specializes in cats and who knows every breed. Callie is just a normal 40-something woman trying to make a decent living for her and her partner Jess, and hoping that she doesn’t get into something dangerous. The one quirk that Bugg does bestow on Calli, though, is a good one. She has anxiety attacks that tend to almost paralyze her unless she pops a Xantax. I like that kind of human weakness in a character. And I like the backstory that helps to explain it.
In her search for the missing woman, Calli comes into contact with babydyke Lisa Campbell and almost falls for her. It is only her love for Jess—who is out of town during the entire adventure—that saves her from her roving eye. The trouble is, I really liked Lisa and, at first, wanted them to get together. Jess was kind of an amorphous telephone presence that did not let me know why she and Calli were together. Lisa, on the other hand—again, at first—was the most exciting and lively character in the cast.
Bugg’s prose is average, no pops and crackles, but she tells a pretty good, exciting story. Although I frown on the type of ending she chooses—I have disparaged it in several other reviews—Bugg does it with a little more believability than, say, Anne Laughlin. In all, it reads like a first novel, but one that lets the reader know that there are better times ahead. Put Calli on a list with other Canadian sleuths such as Helen Keremos, Harriet Fordham Croft, Jil Kidd, and Aliki Pateas. It’s not a bad bunch at all. I suspect—and hope—that you will be reaching for the second Calli book before any of those mentioned above.
Meet Chris Morrison, a young music lover who works at a bookstore and takes life in as it happens. When Josie— an attractive, high-spirited and easy-going ballerina— is hired at the bookstore, Chris falls head over heels, often losing her wits in the awkward butterfly moments. This leaves Chris caught in the middle of a budding friendship, but her recent departure from an unhealthy relationship keeps her cautious.
Overall, M. Hollis characterizes Chris well. I appreciated the interiority and parts of the story line (e.g., Chris’s talent and educational pursuit). And sprouting relationships are warm and cute. I wish I could provide more insight into this story. But, I can’t. And this is due to the story’s primary weakness: a lack of conflict.
Conflict helps to create interest, and when there’s interest the story stays far away from the pits of boredom. Granted, the internal conflict in this novella is present. For example, Chris’s relationship with her parents is torn due to her decision to leave school; for too long, she has felt uncertain about the path her life will take and haunted by the trail of damage she’s left behind, mainly due to her ex-girlfriend, Tabitha.
External conflict propels the protagonist into a string of interactions beyond her control, which allows the reader to become vested in the main character’s journey and outcomes. This is what the Melody of You and Me is missing.
The one instance in this story that mirrored external conflict (i.e., Chris’s encounter with Tabitha) passed quickly and was only quasi conflict because nothing before or after this instance affected Chris, her new relationship, or the trajectory of the story.
As a reader (and writer), I’m not a fan of unnecessary drama, but I appreciate the role of conflict and I expect the main character to experience some degree of external challenges somewhere in the plot. Otherwise, and in this case, the character is going through the motions; the reader is introduced to supporting characters that do not have significant (or any) effect upon the protagonist’s victory or downfall; and, the story is predictable—no excitement or surprises. I slid through the pages of this story never experiencing any type of highs or lows that propelled me to emotionally connect with Chris. In other words, Chris’s journey is too insular to fully place myself in her world. She had nothing to lose; nothing was at stake except fleeting embarrassments.
To end, The Melody of You and Me is a syrupy romance. There were many sweet moments between Chris and Josie, which would make f/f romance lovers fond of these characters. But, if you’re a reader who needs salt and sugar, you may reach the last page wanting more.
Lauren Cherelle uses her time and talents to traverse imaginary and professional worlds. She recently penned her sophomore novel, “The Dawn of Nia.” Outside of reading and writing, she volunteers as a child advocate and enjoys new adventures with her partner of thirteen years. You can find Lauren online at Twitter (@LaurenCre8s),www.lcherelle.com, and Goodreads.
Letty Campbell, ex insurance agent, becomes the owner of a small chicken farm in the small town of Calderton, a half hour outside Manchester, U.K. . When the niece of a neighbor asks her to introduce her shy but recently-out-of-the-closet aunt to the lesbian scene in the nearby large city, Letty finds herself smitten with the woman. But also, through a series of coincidences, she also finds herself hosting a big-bucks automobile auction at her farm.
The most curious thing about this mystery is that is doesn’t seem to be a mystery at all. With only three chapters to go, the only unexplained happening is Letty’s suspicion that someone broke into her house for no reason and stole nothing.
As lesbian mystery novels generally go, the sex in this one is rather tame, with the the horrid word “after,” beginning more than one paragraph. But this is certainly no surprise in a mystery that is generally classified as a cozy. The writing is simply adequate, the mystery kind of nonexistent, and the humor—much praised in the blurb—muted at best.
I’m terrifically glad I was able to get hold of this book so I could judge it for myself. It is one of the few cozy lesbian mysteries and a welcome change from some of the blood-and-guts dramas and high-octane sex I have found in several other lesbian mystery novels. Still, I doubt I’ll go on to the next one in the series. Quite frankly, I didn’t find Letty very interesting. And when your main character is bland, your book tends to be rated less stars they the author might wish. There are four of these “Chicken” novels, all written between 1998 and 2000. I suspect that Fritchley gets into a better stride in the next novel, makes Letty use more of her wits, but that is for another reviewer to decide.
It’s getting cold again down under. This time around, I had a craving for Nilagang Baka. This dish is one of my comfort food. It’s a usual staple during our family dinners back home. The name of this dish translates to Boiled Beef. This soup resembles […]
It’s winter once again in this wonderful land down under called Australia. It’s the perfect time for soups to keep oneself warm during these cold days. Feeling cold and homesick, my palate yearns for a familiar taste that would not only keep me warm but […]
Pork menudo is a stew dish that reflects the influence of Spanish conquerors to Philippine food. A rich tomato based stew filled with different ingredients such as carrots, potatoes and your fair share of Pork meat and liver. Today, Pork menudo is a regular staple […]
Tahhhooooo!!! If you grew up in the streets of Metro Manila, it is most certain that you have heard this word being shouted by your friendly neighbourhood street peddler. With a loud, powerful voice full of bass resembling the vocal prowess of Pavarotti, one ends […]
Choc Nut: A powdery Filipino treat made of peanuts and milk chocolate. Kinda like eating Milo powder but has a bit of a peanut buttery taste to it. It’s one of those childhood lollies (candy) that you can purchase from your friendly neighborhood tindahan (store) […]
One memory that I have about food is that my uncles would drink together over the weekend. And with the drinking comes lots of pulutan (appetizer) to complement the ice cold San Miguel Pale Pilsen. One dish lovingly cooked and served would be Tokwa’t Baboy. […]
Our design “the Cutting Edge Pharmacy” was feature in this September issue of the New York based Hospitality Design Magazine.
General Contractors, Sub Contractors, architects, others in the Construction industry in The Keys - and building material suppliers
Some people who have made a positive difference in The Keys - either no longer living or still alive.
Office & Business Equipment, and Suppliers of Business Signs, Printing, Promotions, and those who Sell, Repair & Service Office Equipment
Places where beverages are made, distributed from, and sold to the public throughout The Florida Keys
Music & Musicians in The Keys. Places to purchase musical instruments and music related things. Conch Records of The Florida Keys which puts on Music Video Fests.
Taxis, Buses, Shuttle Services, places to purchase & service Cars, Trucks and other Transportation Services throughout The Florida Keys
Wedding Planners, Photographers, Videographers, and Others Involved in Wedding Packages throughout The Florida Keys.
The most complete and trusted list of on-line Business & Video Directories throughout The Florida Keys.
If you have an upcoming Florida Keys event which you'd like to get listed on this website, send the information, flyer, or video promo clip to [email protected]
If you have a addition or correction to any listing page, send the corrected information to [email protected]
If you are a Monroe County based business or organization looking to get great exposure for your business - - Get a hold of us by sending an email to [email protected]
We attempt to keep all business listings current and properly placed in geographic order. With the help of our viewing audience, we do our best to keep the information current.
This section is for anyone who sells a product or service, or is a public official or resident of The Florida Keys.
On the header of this website is a Search Bar. Type in your name or company name to see if you are listed. If listed, check to make sure that everything is correct.
If you wish to upload your own videos to your listing page on this website, we will first need to provide you with a User Name and Password to an account we set up for you on Florida Keys Television. As you upload or edit videos on your Florida Keys Television channel, it will instantly change what is playing on your Listing Page.
This Informational Florida Keys Destination Directory has been developed by and is Powered by MarathonFlorida.com TV88 (305) 587-9830
First off, last night I had the total pleasure of playing at the very awesome, Virginia Country Club.
Now, that is a pianist treat to sit in the beautiful space and play the very nice Bermann piano and hear how it sounds in the very open foyer.
And then to play an extra bit when some of the members moved over to sit closer to the piano and ask me for some favorites. What started out with “At Last” turned into a medley of Harry Warren and Mack Gordon tunes. Those guys could really write some songs.
This then led to a whole Burt Bachacharch medley and then James Taylor and some Frank Sinatra at which eventualy led to the members left dancing at the end of the evening.
One other venue I’ve played at and or am playing at in Long Beach is the Loft on Pine. Very nice for diners wedding receptions, Parties for companies.
There is a decent piano downstairs and it’s a great area for a cocktail hour while the upper floor is being set up for a reception.
I think the first time I played there was for a Christmas Party. Then a wedding cocktail hour and more recently for a cocktail hour at a wonderful employee appreciation party.
Also in Long Beach, I’ve had the honor of playing at several weddings. One noteworthy was at the Recreataionl Golf Course. The cermony was out side and the ocean was all around us.
And, I have enjoyed bringing my keyboard rig to the world famous Parker’s Lighthouse for an employee/family amazing Christmas/Holiday Party.
And one I’m super excited to play is at the Ebell Club. I’m thinking it’s going to be a Long Beach Pianist Vocalist dream gig. Yes, that is going to be a holiday party! : )
I also had several parties at the Reef last year and both were super fun. One of them was in one of the banquet spaces with amazing floor to ceiling views of the ocean.
The other was epic on the roof and just became more of a ” I totally love this space” space as the evening wore on. What’s not to love about Long Beach?
This review is way overdue! Marc was courteous, pleasant and professional even when I came up with a last minute request..singing my own vows! We met only a...
Marc is THE best pianist/musician. So professional and so kind also. He exceeded our expectations big time. I hired him for my wife's 40th birthday which...
Marc played at our Christmas party and besides being a very nice man, he is a talented musician and made the party fun and memorable. He started out...
MOUNT ARLINGTON – The borough’s recreation board sponsored the first annual adult beach volleyball tournament…
As I’ve said previously, I love to be in my garden, both the flower beds and the vegetable garden. The problem is, so do my ‘neighbors:’ the deer, the groundhogs, the chipmunks, the foxes and sometimes, even the bears. It’s a challenge keeping plants alive and blooming. And this being spring, the battle between the […]
Looking back at 2014, it is easy to remember the top stories, mostly because they were tragic, grisly, violent, or terrifying; Robin Williams, Ebola, Ferguson, Isis, Malaysia Air Flight 17. All too often the sad stories outweigh the happy ones. One story that didn’t get much airtime was this one: Nov. 9, 2014 was the […]
The winter months are when I resign myself to what I consider the “dry dock” season. This is the time in which our community pauses much of its lake frolic and hunkers down for a long cold winter. Living on and around our mountain lake, we know that when the weatherman smirks through the forecast, […]
Night Time fishing starting to pick up since the herring has started to spawn, with catches of Walleye and Hybrids hitting topwater lures, gold being a popular color for the past week. Also seeing crappie and pickerel, along with some trout still being caught. Knee Deep held their walleye contest this past weekend, with a […]
If you're struggling to find what you need, call our Support line on Monday to Friday, 9am-8pm. Steroids can be used as cqncer of cancer treatment or to help with the side effects of steroids for cancer patients benefits. Steroids sometimes called corticosteroids are substances that are made naturally in the body. They control different functions in our bodies, such as the immune system or the way the body uses food. They also help to reduce inflammation.
If you're struggling to find what you need, call our Support line on Monday to Friday, 9am-8pm. Steroids can be used as part of cancer treatment or to help with the side effects of treatment. Steroids sometimes called corticosteroids are substances that are made naturally in the body. They control different functions in our bodies, such as the immune system or the way the body uses food. They also help to reduce inflammation. Steroids can also be man-made and used as part of your cancer treatment.
Steroids can be taken as tablets or liquids by mouth or by injection. This depends on the type your doctor prescribes. Steroids may cause side effects. Side effects can be different for each person and depend on the dose given. The most common side effects are:. You will have regular appointments to monitor the effect of the steroids. If you are taking steroids for a long time your cancer specialist or GP will give you a card to carry that explains what you are taking.
Steroids are substances that are naturally produced in the body. There are two adrenal glands, one on top of each kidney. Steroids can be manufactured synthetically as drugs. There are several types of steroids and they all have different effects on the body. Common types of steroids used in cancer treatment are:. As tablets, steroids are swallowed with plenty of water or milk.
They may need to be taken at set times each day. They are usually given in short courses. If you have difficulty swallowing your doctor can prescribe prednisolone tablets that dissolve in water, or dexamethasone to take as a syrup. We explain the most common side effects of steroids here.
You may get some of the side effects we mention but you are very unlikely to get all of them. Always tell your doctor or nurse about the side effects you have. Your doctor can prescribe drugs to help control some side effects. It is very important to take them exactly as your nurse or pharmacist has explained. This means they will be more likely to work better for you. Your nurse will give you advice about managing your side effects.
After your treatment is over, the side effects will start to improve. Sometimes cancer drugs can result in very serious side effects, which rarely may be life-threatening.
Your cancer doctor and nurse can explain the risk of these side effects to you. Your nurse will give you telephone numbers for the hospital.
You can call them if you feel unwell or need advice any time of day or night. Save these numbers in your phone or keep them somewhere safe. For more detailed information you can visit the electronic Medicines Compendium eMC. Steroids can irritate the stomach lining. Let your nurse or doctor know if you have indigestion or pain in your tummy.
They can prescribe drugs to help reduce stomach irritation. Take your tablets with food to help protect your stomach. Some steroid tablets are coated to help reduce irritation. Steroids can raise your blood sugar levels. Your nurse will check your blood regularly for this.
They may also test your urine for sugar. Symptoms of raised blood sugar include feeling thirsty, needing to pass urine more often and feeling tired. Tell your doctor or nurse if you have these symptoms. If you have diabetes, your blood sugar levels may be higher than usual. Your doctor can talk to you about this. They may adjust your insulin or tablet dose. You may put on weight or your ankles and legs may swell because of fluid building up. This is caused by steroids and is more common if you are taking them for a long time.
Tell your doctor or nurse if fluid builds up. If your ankles and legs swell, it can help to put your legs up on a foot stool or cushion.
The swelling gets better after your treatment ends. Steroids can make you feel much hungrier than usual and you may gain weight. Your appetite will go back to normal when you stop taking them. This is more likely to happen if you are having high-dose steroids or taking them for a long time.
Tell your doctor if you notice signs of infection, such as redness, soreness or a temperature. You should also tell them if cuts take longer than usual to heal. Washing your hands thoroughly after meals and using the toilet can help prevent infection.
You should avoid anyone who may have signs of an infection, such as a cold. Women may find that their periods become irregular or stop. These will usually return to normal once treatment with steroids has finished. Steroids can affect your mood. You may feel anxious or restless, have mood swings or problems sleeping.
Tell your doctor or nurse if you have any of these side effects. They may make some changes to your treatment if the side effects become a problem. If the steroid dexamethasone is given quickly into a vein, it can cause a strange sensation in the area just in front of your back passage the perineal area.
This only lasts for a short time. We have listed some less common side effects that may develop with long-term use of steroids, which is when you take steroids for more than a few months. Steroids can cause eye problems. There is also an increased risk of eye infections. If you notice any changes to your eyes, such as blurred vision, pain or redness, tell your doctor or specialist nurse.
This can cause acne, puffiness of the face, facial hair in women and dark marks on the skin. Talk to your doctor if you have any of these side effects.
Your legs may feel weaker. When the steroids are stopped, you may have muscle cramps for a short time. Let your doctor know if you have any pain in your bones, especially in the lower back. If you are at risk of osteoporosis, your doctor may prescribe drugs called bisphosphonates to protect your bones.
They will also usually advise you to take calcium and vitamin D supplements. Regular walking , eating a healthy diet , not smoking and sticking to sensible drinking guidelines will also help strengthen your bones. The card should be carried with you at all times so that in an emergency a doctor will know you are having steroid treatment.
A card is not necessary if you are only having a short course of steroids. If you have been taking steroids for a long time and they are suddenly stopped, you may have withdrawal effects. For this reason, it's important to take the steroids exactly as prescribed by your doctor. When the steroid treatment is over, the dose is gradually reduced before being stopped.
This will reduce the risk of withdrawal effects. Your doctor will advise you on this. If you need to go into hospital for any reason other than cancer, always tell the doctors and nurses that you are having steroids. Give them contact details for your cancer doctor.
Talk to your cancer doctor or nurse if you think you need dental treatment. Always tell your dentist you are having steroids. Keep the tablets in a safe place, out of the reach of children. If your doctor decides to stop the treatment, return any remaining tablets to the pharmacist.
Do not flush them down the toilet or throw them away. Tell your doctor if you are sick just after taking a tablet, as you may need to take another one. If you forget to take your tablet, do not take a double dose. Ask your doctor or nurse for advice. If you're having a short course of steroids as part of your treatment, do not get more from your GP.
I normally take ZMA before I go to bed, but will kick that and start with the 4 pills later on[CSVLB]Great log so far brother. Keep killin it. Represent MM.[CSVLB]Just down my 4 pills. (First Dose)
OMG you are a supplement junkie! :eek: *acts surprised ;).LOL.and I thought my 5lb ON Whey container was big that gainer alone looks like enough to feed the family! I guess in this case, bigger really is better![CSVLB]Jeesh.if he's a supplement junky I'm not even sure what I am.but I'm embarassed.
Sorry, I haven't been posting Daily Diets and Workout Regimens. Ive been really busy with school and by the time I come home after the gym, I just want to lay down and get some rest. I'll do my best to post everything the upcoming week. Thanks again for all your support and wish everyone a safe week![CSVLB] 21.5 , 21.5
There's a reason this is called the ultimate pre-workout intensity muscle builder and it was just too good to hide behind a proprietary blend. You want to get bigger? You want to train harder? You want to recover faster? SuperPump 3.0 is the answer.
Brb have to finish another half tub of White flood (which i enjoy alot, but not as much as craze before i can invest in more Craze.Through the Kuerig is a great idea. Ive been nuking it.
CL, now all you gotta do is bring back Yellow Neuphoria for a version 3![CSVLB]I felt almost the exact same way about White flood. Great pump but the energy was so awesome you couldn't really tell if it provided enough focus lol. Good review.[CSVLB]Awesome review. I just finished up the old White Flood and loved it. Cant wait to try the new one.
It was for a contest :D[CSVLB]Not sure. But I wanted one after I seen PU's, and then I seen Aries's and decided it was time :p
Situps 82[CSVLB]Thats a pretty nice home gym set up there![CSVLB]Today's run didn?t go according to plan. My legs were very stiff when I got out of bed. I figured after the 1st mile they would loosen up and I could finish my run. At about the 2 mile mark, my legs were toast and my calves were so tight it was painful to take a step. I get plenty of potassium and water so I am leaning toward muscle fatigue as the culprit. Appetite was through the roof again today.
even though many many users of SD have experienced gyno? also i was stating not that exercise cuases in increase in BP as it does. but that hormone increases do as well.[CSVLB]even though many many users of SD have experienced gyno? also i was stating not that exercise cuases in increase in BP as it does. but that hormone increases do as well.
IMO I think you could achieve a lot more in 99 days. Set those targets a little higher! :p I reckon you could get that squat upto 100kgx5 in 3 months, and the bench upto around 70kgx10.
That having been said, it was highly chuggable. I took the first few sips and then sort of pounded the rest, because I just felt the need to. It was good.
Effects: Some extra energy, I was tired this morning but had to get up and meet someone to train at the gym, so this helped me wake up.
Looking for Lake Weir High School Ocala, FL alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more LWHS alumni have posted their profiles.
Check out all of the names of the Lake Weir High School alumni that attended high school in Ocala that are listed above. Registering will allow you to join the directory.	We also encourage you to keep up to date on news and reconnect with Lake Weir High School alumni.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Lake Weir High School	of Ocala, Florida
HAND TOWEL, WHITE, 16" X 27", 2.62 LB - 100% COTTON - 60 TOTAL - 100% cotton terries provide excellent absorbency and performance while meeting your budget. Latex-free. Treated with hydrogen peroxide for a brighter white.
View all Mac apps Within a few seconds you can spin one base article of 500 hundred words into a fully unique and human readable article within 2 seconds. Having this ability allows you to have different versions of an article describing the same subject. Where people go wrong with SEO is thinking that any content will do. When you buy something from this website, I may receive an affiliate commission. These are my opinions and are not representative of the companies that create these products. My reviews are based on my personal own experience and research. I never recommend poor quality products or create false reviews to make sales. It is my intention to explain products so you can make an informed decision on which ones suit your needs best. 1) One more substantial jump onward in semantic analysis (meaning removal)! 2) A 5-year jump onward in advanced syntax adjustment technology. 3) We have actually also revamped and also boosted the whole user interface. 4) We've enhanced our popular on-boarding procedure for brand-new individuals. 5) We have actually made the integrated video clip data source even more powerful. 6) We're adding 100% seamless stock picture integration. 7) We're adding added content sources (e.g. tweets, photos, and so on). 8) ... as well as much, MUCH more! Opening Friday "Assassination Nation" Four high school seniors live in a haze of texts, posts, selfies and chats. Their small town gets turned... Neighbors who have come together to celebrate Christmas early for a dying 2-year-old boy in Ohio said they won’t let the alleged actions of a few vandals stop them from spreading ... * @namespace TraceKit Language: English 1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by UsaHome Demage Some people get around this by hiring teams of writers. But what if you don't have a trust fund to play with? 6. Keyword Position Checker Perfect Tense integration: huge success! For me, launching the first version of Spin Rewriter was probably the most stressful time of my life — but also one of the most wonderful and magical times, all at once. Writing Advice Collection of detailed video tutorials Search Engine Spider Simulator Operating Systems What's NEW In Spin Rewriter 9.0? features Српски from Blogger https://ift.tt/2PvgFKD Senate article rewriter online tool, spin rewriter 9.0 download Spin Rewriter's got a huge — and growing — table of synonyms. Currently, there is no one who does not want to try the chicken, hamburgers, soft drinks, milkshakes, cheeseburgers, fries, desserts of Mc Donald’s. And, most of the heavy eaters use to prefer the Mc Donald’s, when it comes to choosing the favorite burgers. Is more than affordable. What is the best Article spinning software for a Mac? I haven’t used Spinner Chief that extensively so I cannot really say. I just used it for the testing purposes of that article. But we use, as mentioned, WordAI and Spin Rewriter. :) Warrior For Hire a walk-through of features Well, we could talk about algorithms and machine learning and all that boring stuff. Spinning content is simple and easy. Written content is a major cornerstone in web content. In fact, many Spin Rewriter users have been able to cut their web content budget in half. UNIQUE SPUN VERSION Have Any Questions Whatsoever? The modern version of Whirl Rewriter has ENL Semantic Spinning Technology, which is not there somewhere otherwise in the market. This kind of unique feature is vital for this tool….. How functions….. just not analyze your keywords but also phrases and paragraphs as well. This page is intended to give as complete a Spin Rewriter review as possible. Moreover, I am a marketer who recommends products I have tried and use. I will never recommend a tool that I have doubts about. Processing speed improved by 80%, reduced the timings from 5 sec to 1 sec on average length article. The views expressed on this page by users and staff are their own, not those of NamePros. UNCGenie (Guest) said On 04 September, 2018 at 2:20 AM Privacy policy Why is Paraphrasing Tool important? We have added a lot of more synonym in our tool so that you can get 100% unique content. We designed it in such a way that, our article spinner minimizes grammar mistakes in the end result. rescoop other curators’ content Subscribe to the Paper Then You Use Article Spinners... Sign Up For a Free Webinar How does the article reworder works? (You must log in or sign up to reply here.) June 1, 2018 at 2:49 am Article Rewriter is the best and free SEO tool that allows you to rewrite the article with flexibility. The competent tool, which allows you to post articles or blogs periodically, makes posts attractive and publishes the same in simple words. Rewrite the full content in few seconds. With the help of this tool, you can get rid of plagiarism. It also helps to improves your SEO performance faster than the before.. spin writer free leading spin writer free. 1) An additional substantial jump ahead in semantic analysis (definition extraction)! 2) A 5-year leap ahead in sophisticated syntax adjustment innovation. 3) We have actually additionally upgraded and also boosted the entire user interface. 4) We have actually enhanced our well-known on-boarding procedure for new individuals. 5) We've made the built-in video clip database even more effective. 6) We're adding 100% seamless supply image combination. 7) We're adding extra material sources (e.g. tweets, images, and so on). 8) ... and also a lot, A LOT MORE! Paste your text here ( only ENGLISH language supported! ): Read all College Features HTML Beautifier This issue has now been fully resolved, which also means that the Spin Rewriter API is working flawlessly once again. Hooray! 😀 Review Summary Menu Paraphrasing, Spinning and article rewriting, those words and tools are almost similar with each other, but there have some points special issues, that makes them similar but different in few aspects. When using article spinner try to replace the words with their definitions instead. Start by getting your Free Access below: Located in Advertising and SEO Services started by Rewriter Tools, Jun 19, 2017. Marketing July 30, 2018530 Simon Greenhalgh ThinkingBigInBusiness ==>> The Bevo Ad Exchange - Real time bidding platform to buy display, remarketing and affiliate traffic all from one central interface! October 1 5:00 PM to 6:00 PM 13. Google SERP Snippet Optimizer Social Marketing Books And those are just the major ones. There are a lot more under the cover that improves on the previous Spin Rewriter version. Personal Freedoms Once you are satisfied with the final results of your rewriting tool, make sure to run it through any quality plagiarism checker tool or software to verify that your content is unique. GRAMMAR AND SPELL CHECK Processing speed of article spinning has been improved by 80%, meaning times have been reduced from 5 seconds to 1 second per average article length. 5 Replies Merry, check this link periodically for evac info. By: cixxy, Replies: 179 Copyright Â© 2015 Call SEO Tools. All rights reserved. spin rewriter vs wordai English (UK) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Bestmark Review, Mystery Shopping at its Best? What are the best SEO tools for 2018? 246FollowersFollow Office Manager Answered 19d ago local view View All Guides Is there any free journals available to publish the review article with in 2 months? SEARCH 4. Bloggers – With Spin Rewriter you can instantly create many content for your blog posts. Likes Received:75 The ability to be able to compare different spun articles side-by-side. Once upon a right time there lived a child. He had eyes that are blue blond locks because yellow as gold. The boy that is young small and fragile, but their mind was swift like the wind. He could calculate the results of any situation in the blink of an eye fixed. But that had not been their talent that is biggest. No. His talent that is biggest was perception. The child that is young comprehend and perceive anything faster than anyone he previously ever met. Then, he fell so in love with a princess that is breathtaking. She had magnetic green eyes and light locks that is brown. She was loved by him very much and she loved him back also more. There is only 1 problem – the boy that is young the son of a blacksmith. The princess’s father would not allow her to marry a son that is simple of blacksmith. But their love was too strong. The young boy raised an army of undead and started a rebellion to overthrow the wicked master who did not have confidence in true love in one fell swoop. The young kid ended up being assassinated and the war was over after months of fighting against the armies of his beloved’s father. No songs were sang. contact@smallseo.tools Welcome to SEOToolsCentre's article rewriter which is used to rewrite or rephrase your articles, essay, and assignments. It is very useful for professional writers, scholarls and students. This English rewriting tool works very quickly and carefully. Freelancer Bulk Alexa Rank Checker [LIVE] 2018 College of Education Student EDU Talks 2==>.How Much Does It Cost? 3. Plagiarism Checker Faculty & Staff Directory Resend activation email What are the tools for web content writing? An Ohio town has eagerly ushered in the holiday season this year after answering the call for Christmas decorations to help a dying toddler celebrate one last time.
This Service Manual includes the specific information you will need to service the 6 HP Model. All general procedures are covered in abbreviated form, mostly by reference to procedural illustrations.
The speCific procedures which apply only, or primarily, to this motor are covered in fully-illustrated, detailed, step-by-step instructions.
Full factory workshop manual for this Vintage Outboard engine. Covers every aspect of service and repair.
Unlike aftermarket repair manual this is the Original service manual which includes all information specific to Fisherman 6HP Evinrude Outboards.
Since you are working on an illustration template, why not add some cool text and images? The design has an antique feel.
a week ago my teacher phoned me.. and told me to contact with a goy from a super famous firm PERGAMENA. So i did like she said. During the phone conversation he invited me and two other girls from my class to the pergamena premises (siedziba?). One friend, the one who i was doing the annexe with after her wedding forgot about the whole world (in the bad meaning) and she doesn't care about anyone or anythin now. And i thought she was a good and really nice girl.. Anyway, I visited this firm with Sybilla (interesting name, isn't it?) and.. quess what.. Did you hear about a super famous event of 600th ANNIVERSARY OF THE BATTLE OF GRUNWALD? An event known in the whole Europe? Well i'll be working there as a girl writting name and maybe some dedication on certificates from pergamena! It's isn't a super simple job, i hope that my wrist won't fell off! I'll be dressed in a Middle Ages dress;d. The job has two faults: the first one - small earnings and the place where the battle will be is far far away from my hometown. It's about 6-8h of driving. But it will be an interesting adventure :) we will be sleeping in a big Middle Ages tent, there will be a lot of performances and it is a chance for me.. a little chance.. i would love to work in this firm. I know i'm just an amateur comparing to the people who work there.. but it woul'd be a dream come true if i could work there!! That's why i'm exercising my hand writting, i hope i'll exercise it every day for few hours. Five days of writting names on certificates, 8-12hours a day.. it could be very tiring.. But it is a chance i couldn't miss!! My sewing machine has to wait bit for me now. I have to paint a little girl's room and then i'm going on 15th July to this event :). Ok.. now some photos :)
For those who missed the JBoss Developer Webinar on jBPM5 last Wednesday, a recorded version is now available. It gives a short intro on BPM and gives an overview of the new features of jBPM5.
There were a lot more questions than we actually could handle in the Q&A part of the presentation, so I'll try to compile a list of additional answers and publish them on this blog next week.
Type the name of the facility, up to 16 characters. This should be just the name. You don't have to include the city as this information is entered below and also displayed on listings.
The address is optional, but if given, it will cause a Map button to be displayed for the facility on its Detail page. If the user presses it, a detailed map shows the location given by the address. If you're not sure of the number, just use the street where people park and perhaps guess at the number until the map is close enough.
The city and state are not optional and must be entered for listings to be displayed properly. Visitors can choose to sort the list of facilities by either the facility name or its location. This makes it easy to find what they're looking for whether they know the name or location. Also, a city map can be displayed for the visitor using the information you enter here.
Note: for Canadian addresses, enter the province as an abbreviation in the State field and enter the country in the next field.
Optionally enter the name of the country in this field. If left blank, the United States is assumed. For Canadian addresses, you must enter "Canada" here in order for the pop up maps to work correctly.
Use this optional field to give local visitors an estimate of how long it takes to get to the facility from some central location. This can be invaluable information for team members in helping them arrive on time for games and practices.
Some facilities, such as ice rinks and indoor basketball courts, have phone numbers that members may want to call to inquire about the facility or games taking place there. You can optionally enter this information here.
Enter any comments about the facility here, such as its usual condition, parking or seating arrangements, or whatever you like, up to 50 characters.
Optionally enter the address of another web page you'd like this page to be redirected to when this facility is clicked, on any schedule or listing.
This field is optional, but members (especially new members) will greatly appreciate whatever information you can provide here. This is a free-form field where you can enter as much information as you like. You can even include HTML formatting tags in your text like <b>Bold</b> or <i>Italic</i> or even a hyperlink like: <a href='http://RinkWebSite.com'>My Link</a>.
This optional field can be used to specify an alternate name for the facility that would appear in imported game schedules. When you use the Game Import feature and facility names within your import file are not the same as the Name field above, use this field to specify the alias name. When your schedule is imported, the import utility will first try to match facility names in the import file to the Alias field. If this field is blank, the utility will then try to match the Name field. If no match is found, an error will be reported and the particular game will not be imported.
This check box is used to designate a home facility - a local place where your association plays home games. Facilities designated as Home will appear at the top of scheduling lists in order to make it easier to find them when scheduling games.
If you have connected to a Parent League, only fields marked as Home will be able to connect and control the status of facilities on the Parent League site.
This is the number of simultaneous events which can occur on this facility. For example, if you have two teams that use the same field for practice, you would want to enter "2."
This form allows you select the times during the week that this facility is available for use. If this facility is available at all times, leave this entirely clear. If this facility is available from 6:30-7:30, you must choose the 6 and 7 o'clock boxes. Each checkbox represents 1 hour of time.
When selected, these times can be used in conjunction with the schedule generator to place events at this facility, only at the times that are specified. This can also be used when scheduling individual events. For example, if you do not want coaches to schedule events for their teams at certain times, as long as those times are not selected, they will not be able to schedule at that location at that time.
This allows you to specify dates when the facility is not available for use. You can blackout a single day setting the From and To fields equal to each other. To close the facility on January 1, you would set both fields to 1/1/2014. You can also set a range of dates. As you add dates, another line will appear. This allows you to add many "blackout" ranges for this facility.
This feature will also allow you to control when events are scheduled using the Schedule Generator or just manually adding games to the site.
The Exception dates can also be used to close a field for an extended period of time. If you have exception dates set and you set a facility as closed, it will not reset to TBD the next day, as it would if these were omitted. Rather, it will stay closed until the next available date for this facility and then reset to TBD the next day. You also have the option to cancel all events during the time frame you are blacking out. Click the cancel check box and when the facility information form is saved, events during that span will be canceled and notifications will be sent.
Your website includes an online registration system that can be used to collect member data online, as well as electronic payments. You can specify a number of criteria for program eligibility, maximum participants, costs and and payment methods, including credit card processing.
The registration system handles secure sign-in for registrants and contains built-in forms to gather contact information for both children and their parents. In addition, you can specify a number of additional custom questions for whatever information your club requires, using a variety of question types. Finally, registrants can pay online, securely using a credit card or echeck.
Programs are categories or classifications used to differentiate groups of registrants. For instance you may have separate programs for boys and girls and also for those in different age groups. Each program might have its own set of eligibility requirements, costs and questions. Dividing registrations into multiple programs also makes it easier to manage large numbers of registrants.
When you create or copy and existing program, you'll first specify its general properties such as its title, description, open, late and close dates, eligibility requirements (age, school grade, gender, new and/or existing members), and residence requirements and a maximum number of registrants. You'll also specify a base cost, late fee (if any) and optional multi-child discounts. You can also specify a payment schedule for those clubs that allow graduated payments for their programs. In addition, you can specify merchant account information for processing credit cards.
After specifying general properties for your program, you create or modify the supplemental questions you require, using the provided tools and question types, explained later. The registration engine already asks users for their name, address, phone numbers and email address. This information is also collected for children along with their gender, age and school grade (if grade qualifications are set) as well as their other guardian's information. Therefore, your form only needs to gather whatever additional information you require.
Once your programs are set up and tested, you can make them available to the public by setting their open date to the present. When you do, your website will have a new menu item on the Association menu titled "Register Online." Visitors will then be able to click it and the resulting page will list the titles and descriptions of the various programs you've set up . They can then choose one and proceed to log in and enter or review their contact information for their entire family.
We allow the use of any merchant account that uses Sage/Net 1, AuthorizeNet, BluePay or Secure Paytech for its gateway as well as PayPal Business accounts for credit card processing. Merchant accounts have the advantage of settling transactions directly to your bank account and offer very competitive rates. The other advantage to using a merchant account is that it allows us to simplify the credit card payment process for your users while keeping them on your website. If your organization does not have a merchant account, LeagueAthletics.com strongly recommends using Cam Neely's Processing with a Purpose through Sage Payment Systems.
Clicking this button will bring up a listing page showing all members who have signed up for the selected program. The page will list their names, birthdays, school grade, the date they registered, the cost of their registration, the amount they've paid and their Wait List status. In addition, you can optionally include columns for your supplemental question answers as well. The column for the amount paid contains input boxes for each registrant so that you can record checks you receive after someone signs up.
You can use this button to assign registrants to teams. When clicked, you'll be presented with a page listing all your current teams on the left side and the names of all registrants on the right. You can then drag (press and hold the left mouse button) registrant names from the right and drop (move to and let go of the left mouse button) them onto any of the listed teams. This can make roster assignments very quick and easy.
This button can be used to create custom player and coach bio sheets that can be shown online and printed from your website. The player bio sheets are tied to registration data, and you can choose to include any information you would like. For example, if your football program needs to print individual player information sheets for the league, you can create a custom format, and generate all of these player bio sheets to be printed.
This can be a very useful tool for clubs that still offer a "walk-in" or "in-person" registration. The password entered here will allow registrants, both new and existing, to access or create a registration account. New registrants will not have to establish a temporary password via email to log into the registration system. The password entered here will be good through the end of the day (midnight) of the day that it was entered.
As I mentioned in a previous post, I have a friend who’s heading to China. I have an OpenVPN server. I thought the two would match together well, but then China went and started to filter & kill OpenVPN connections, and block those IP/port combinations. People are reporting that using a random port (as supported by their VPN provider) seems to work, and so I looked into randomizing what port OpenVPN ran on.
The trick that I found was not to make OpenVPN run on multiple ports, but instead to get iptables to forward any and all connections coming into a range of ports to the OpenVPN port. However, since I wanted OpenVPN to be running on both UDP and TCP ports, I had to start another instance, which necessitated more iptables config changes.
First off was getting iptables to forward a port range to the OpenVPN port. To do that, I used Destination NATing, or DNAT:
I’m forwarding both UDP and TCP ports because I’ll have two instances of OpenVPN up and running, one listening on UDP and the other listening on TCP. (As a side note, mangling the output isn’t needed because we’re just changing the destination of the packet – to OpenVPN, it’ll appear like the client is connecting directly to it, so it’ll just send the response back to the client’s port.)
Now, if I was just leaving UDP active, that would be enough, since my existing OpenVPN config works fine over UDP. However, additional configuration is needed to get OpenVPN working on TCP. In particular we need to:
Thankfully, most of it is straightforward. I’m going to go for simplicity and just include the entire OpenVPN server-side config file below:
The key changes here are to the log, ifconfig-pool-persist and status options – I’ve just appended -tcp to any filenames. I’ve also declared a new subnet – 10.10.0.0/24 for the TCP instance, so it doesn’t conflict with the UDP instance, as well as changing the protocol to tcp. (Despite people saying otherwise, having proto tcp on the server seems to work.)
I’ve also changed the link-mtu option simply to make it harder for pure protocol detection to detect the packets as OpenVPN packets.
Again, the only thing really changed was the proto option – from udp to tcp-client. I’ve also set the link-mtu option to something other than the default, as well as added the remote-random option – this will be explained in a bit.
Combined together, between the two instances, OpenVPN now accepts connections made to any port between 10000 and 40000 (inclusive).
The final step was making the OpenVPN client connect to random ports. To do this, we’re going to make use of connection profiles – essentially, just declaring multiple combinations of IP addresses and ports that you want OpenVPN to connect to. When combined with the remote-random option in the client side config file, OpenVPN should randomly go through the list and connect to a random port. To simplify matters, I turned to Python to generate the 64 random IP/port combinations to paste into the config file:
I’m hoping that’s enough. But if it isn’t, I’ll also be looking at running OpenVPN through stunnel, or using SSH as a SOCKS proxy. Also, IPSEC.
Im currently in China now. they seem really paying a lot of attention on openvpn instead of ipsec/l2tp and pptp vpn.I have my own vpn server, i was using udp port 53 for openvpn, they blocked it after 2 days(not sure automatically or human). works after change to a different port. Its very interesting how they block udp, the wall sent a fake ICMP port unreachable packet right to the client right after client started TLS negotiation. so the client restarted the tls negotiation then end up in a infinite loop.
I have heared using preshared static key instead certificate could avoid detection since c/s start negotiation using psk under encryption.
I think they’re focusing a lot on OpenVPN because it’s what most VPN providers use. Until IPsec becomes easy to use, they’ll probably focus the more popular VPN types.
As for the port information, that’s interesting… do you know if OpenVPN will jump to a new connection profile if it gets a port unreachable packet, or will it continue to retry that connection? The basis behind the bunch of connection profiles is that OpenVPN will jump to a new port if it can’t connect, but I’m not sure if it’ll just keep retrying…
And thanks for the PSK tip – I didn’t think about alternate authentication methods as a way of escaping the protocol detection.
As for the dropping ICMP packets, that’s an interesting idea. I’ll have to look into using that on OS X.
I have heared using preshared static key instead certificate could avoid detection since c/s start negotiation using psk under encryption
I just tried it, not sure if it would avoid detection, but under psk mode, each openvpn instance only support one client, one only. So I guess it is not a very good idea.
tunnel in stunnel,ssh,ipsec,etc…(not very good since GFW recently started to block ssh port forwarding. stunnel was on the list at least a few years ago.)
tunnel in icmp, dns tunnels, this one is very interesting, i believe currently gfw has no way to block icmp tunnel unless block the ip address.
currently im using the random port method, its getting popular, but some people reported their server ip address getting blocked after using this method…
Private, conversation and social competencies are Increased throughout the leadership temperament seminars. Dependant upon your preferences and pursuits, you can Decide on a variety of various skillfully-related methodological and social techniques, e.
This can permit deeper insight into the topic plus the identification of critical concerns that have to be explored. The researcher must present a summary in addition to a important appraisal of former research over the investigate topic even though pinpointing the gaps.
The Henley MBA is A very Intercontinental practical experience, with a worldwide aim to your syllabus and analysis, enriching research journeys in addition to a cohort drawn through the main economies of the earth.
Which data collection methods are associated with the study? Which methods did the researcher decide on and why? What other procedures could you have got chosen? How is the information destined to be collected? How will the info be analysed? How will the contributors be decided on? How will the researcher make sure the information is trusted and valid?
Modular MBA courses are much like element-time applications, Even though usually employing a lock-action curriculum with courses packaged alongside one another in blocks lasting from a person to three months.
Such as, there is not any a few to four-month summertime break, and among semesters there may be 7 to 10 days off in lieu of three to five weeks getaway. Accelerated programs generally Possess a reduce Charge than total-time two-calendar year applications.
“I could cope with all those papers by myself but owning another person get it done saved me a great deal of time. If you want to manage to do another thing Other than learning, my guidance is usually to purchase your papers in this article.”
sir I need your help,are you able to please send me the depth specifics of coaching course of action and the way to utilize i n it.Essentially me pursing BBA so plz hel me out..
The information was organized within an Outstanding fashion as well as the movement of data from a single issue to another was great. I'll highly advise dissertation help to all my mates who will need help with their dissertation and thesis consultation.
Showcase is often a immensely intuitive, suited for being deployed for just a range of different Sites and jobs of all kinds, but peculiarly compatible for creative Sites, showcasing your electronic products. Browse AnThemes Themes on Envato Industry
This program builds techniques in microeconomic Evaluation for professionals and delivers a conceptual foundation for even more functional location studies.
Whatever the matter we are very well equipped to get it done. We Our site hand pick our writers from the most beneficial institutions, that's why you can be certain of high-quality writing. High-quality and originality is our ensure for you.
Chapter 2 – Literature Review Regardless of the research issue can be, the researcher has to conduct an investigation into the literature associated with the study challenge i.
You may as well compose towards your expert and guideline him/her regarding the organisation of one's proposal. To paraphrase, you might have entire Manage about the drift within your dissertation investigation proposal.
how to do amazon affiliate marketing without a website amazon marketing associate pay | affiliate definition in digital marketing affiliate marketing book pdf
For you to become an affiliate marketer here, you do not need to purchase them or seek permission to become an affiliate. All you need is to click the promote button, and you will have a platform to create your account. From here, you will receive an affiliate link that allows you to advertise anywhere. Once a person has clicked on the link you have provided and make a purchase, you will automatically get a commission for that sale.
I do want to pay the commission somebody deserves, I do want to provide support, I do hope people think my product will be worth ‘selling’ to their friends and members and I am happy to set a long cookie time as I think it is only fair that if somebody comes through a referral that they get paid for it! Without them I wouldn’t have made the sale in the first place!!
A U.K. based dating affiliate network that operates a number of mainstream and niche dating sites, including Cupid.com, Flirt.com, BoomerDating.com and PlanetSappho.com. You can promote any of these sites based upon the needs of your audience, and with so many sites to choose from, it’s pretty easy for most affiliates to find at least one or two that are a good fit. Commission rates at Cupid plc can be impressive, too, with $15 paid just for free sign ups, and up to 90 percent commission paid on paid memberships.
For me I would choose a program with Recurring commission. You can build a real passive income. Its the best way to go! One suggestion is contact companies who sell services and ask if you can sell their service for them. Sometimes popular affiliate programs like these have just way too many people trying to sell their service. I personally went to sitecare.ca and asked them if I could sell their service and I couldn’t be happier! So find a service you believe in and go for it!
This amazing bonus will show you how to maximize your reach, your impact, and your revenue with Facebook Ads by Monica Louie. This is a great bonus for ALL bloggers. I've personally been coached by Monica and she is very knowledgeable, especially when it comes to helping businesses succeed on Facebook. She has worked on more than 100 Facebook ad campaigns, including several traffic campaigns with cost per click as low as $0.02 and conversion campaigns with cost per result as low as $0.35. Her online journey began in 2015 when she shared how her family paid off $120,000 of debt in two years on a single, middle-class income. She is amazing and I'm so glad she shared her expertise with us.
However, as you might already likely know, this does require a tremendous amount of effort. Not only do you need to have the products, services and information that you intend to sell, but you also need to build an online shop then get people to visit it. You need some serious knowledge of online marketing and search engine optimization in order to do this. It’s not easy by any means.
As another best affiliate in our list of the top 10 affiliates, AvantLink connects businesses with marketers where the merchants will take the advantage of affiliate marketing to boost their sales. Here, the merchants will need to provide info about the affiliate program set the commission charges and all the necessary details about their products. In the other words, the affiliates will take this information into the market and earn commission after selling the products. The system will handle all the sales and commissions well.
And while it will take time to build up a big-enough audience to attract advertisers and other ways to make extra income from your podcast, the opportunity is there. John Lee Dumas interviews entrepreneurs seven days a week for his podcast Entrepreneur on Fire and now makes more than $200,000 a month from it. In fact, John publishes all his income online and showed that he’s made almost $13 million since launching in 2012.
Freelancing has always been a popular way to earn money online and the Internet has a plethora of options. There are several websites offering freelance tasks for people with varying skills. All you need to do is to create your account, browse through the listings, and apply for the task that suits you. Some websites may even require you to create a personal listing with the details of your skillset, so that interested clients can contact you directly. Outfiverr.com, upwork.com, freelancer.com, and worknhire.com are some websites that provide freelance jobs. You can earn anywhere between $5 and $100 through these websites.
It’s not the sort of online money making opportunity that’s covered in glory, but everyone needs a set of eyes to make sure the numbers add up at the end of the year. Every business and most individuals need someone to help prepare tax returns, especially time or resource-strapped small business owners. The Income Tax School provides an array of training programs that'll certify you with tax prep in as little as 10 weeks, and once tax season rolls around you'll be able to charge an average of $229 per return as a freelance tax preparer with this side business idea, reports CNBC.
What does that mean for you? It means Nielsen will pay you $50 a year to keep their app on your favorite internet browsing device. The app itself collects statistics on your internet usage anonymously, so you never have to worry about any data being linked to you. And the best part is, the app takes up barely any space and doesn’t slow down your phone or tablet at all!
So many people dream of writing a book, but never go through with it. Yet no matter what, I’m sure you have experience and value you could give through writing a book. By packaging your skills and knowledge into a downloadable eBook that helps people learn a skill, advance their careers, or start a businesses, you can change someone’s life and even make good money online.
This is similar in concept to micro-tasks, except that it is oriented toward specific services, such as cleaning services, pest inspection, handyman services, house cleaning, lawn & garden services or any of the skilled trades. It might actually be more accurate to say that it is a platform where skilled service providers can offer their services to site visitors, similar to Angie’s List.
Yet that doesn’t mean that all hope is lost. It doesn’t mean that you can’t make money online the legitimate way. It just means that you need to analyze things with a fine-tooth comb. Allow me to help you peer beyond the hype and the pizzaz. But, this article is more than just that. This article is a serious look at just how you can make money online today. This is a definitive guide, if you will, for analyzing, extracting and pursuing the right method for you.
Are you a professional in a field that can help answer questions for people looking for your expertise? Websites like JustAnswer and LivePerson match you up with people looking for answers to technical or professional questions. You can make money online by simply answering these questions and providing the right information to people based on their individualistic circumstances.
However, once affiliates know the damages that they inflict on those who buy WA after reading one of those fake reviews, it falls on them (cost of product, lost time, pain and suffering of failing to reach significant goals). Worse, WA’s Terms of Service puts all the legal weight on them, whereby they indemnify the company (for following the process, basically!)
affiliate marketing bangla pdf good wordpress theme for affiliate marketing | affiliate marketing health food how to sell amazon products via affiliate marketing
If you have a business, you want to get listed on Yelp! You may not use the software, but some people do, and they use it religiously (and I don’t mean they’ll kill you over it). By listing your business on Yelp!, you’re putting yourself on the map. From here, you also need to start using Yelp! Write reviews of places you go. It’ll be worth it in the long run.
I support bootlegging – I don’t see it as being immoral or unethical in any way. I used to bootleg quite a bit in my youth, and I still do on occasion today (although not yet today in particular, I more meant “in the present”). If you want to hustle for your money, do what you must, baby. Download some software, music, movies, or other assorted digital goodness here and start slangin. It’s not an easy life, but sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
We arrived in Sri Lanka via our transit in Malaysia. The first impression of walking out of the airport was calm. Sri Lanka transmitted an ambiance of relaxation and ease. We took a taxi from the front of the airport. We settled on 1000 LKR to be taken to our hotel - which in turn was WAY too much. Be sure to haggle prices. Even if you just hopped off a plane and are uber tired.
Negombo is a quaint little beach town located 30km from the counties capital, Colombo. It is situated close to the international airport and boasts a wonderfully friendly local community. Driving down through Negombo we were surprised as to how clean the air was. It is how many people describe it: A nicer India.
Whilst in Negombo we stayed at a lovely little home stay called The Grand Traverse. The man who runs the stay, Rasika and his beautiful wife Chami and daughter are beyond hospitable. For a wonderful price of 1300LKR Per night for a double with fan, this home stay is fantastic Sri Lankan simplicity. Exhausted from our flying we decided to have dinner at the hotel, which ended up being a very wise choice. Rasikas wife prepared the most amazing vegetable fried rice dish I've ever had the honour of eating. 800 LKR gave a a double serving that we were unable to eat and we are very big on eating.
A short tuk tuk drive from the hotel is Negombo beach. The tuk tuk drive should cost no more than 300 LKR one way. Beware as many say it will be 500lkr. Negombo beach is nice, although not the greatest that Sri Lanka has to offer. We wandered up the beach to find a nice place to swim. Scattered along the sands is A bright array or blue, white and orange. Sri Lankan fishing boats that the local fisherman take out early morning and evening to fish.
The next morning we decided to venture to the nations capital, Colombo. Sri Lanka has a deceptively easy public transport system. We simply jumped on the train for 35LKR pp.
From Colombos main station, Colombo Fort, we walked through a vast marketplace that sold everything from funky coloured toe nail cutters, fake sunglasses (that are "very good quality"), to car parts. We saw a majority of the city by taking the bus to try and find a cinema. Coming from 12 degree weather in Melbourne, to 35 degrees in Colombo, we were in need of some air conditioning.
So, we went and saw The Avengers. The only dilemma was that the aircon was at least 13 degrees and we should've bought jumpers.
Our stay in Negambo was short as we knew we needed to venture to the countries East Coast, but we shall head back towards the West near the end of our time in Sri Lanka.
Located 6km north of Trincomalee, Uppuveli is a delightful little beach town with golden curved beaches, clear blue waters, and many places ...
Pai is a stunningly small town in the North of Thailand. Surrounded by beautiful green mountains, roaming elephants and various places to ta...
In the past year we have travelled throughout Australia, New Zealand, South East Asia and India and the most common question we are asked:...
After lounging around on the beach we decided it was probably best to wander on and see more of what this country has to offer. So, we decid...
Drive down Dessert Highway Easily one of the most incredible highways I've ever driven on. It's so awe inspiring that it'...
Located in New Zealand's oldest national park and considered to be a World Heritage Site, Tongrariro Alpine crossing is considere...
At the beginning of 2014 when Alex and I were waiting in Kuala Lumpur airport to board our plane back to Melbourne, we took a seat next t...
There is nothing more exciting than hopping onto a plane and going to a new land that you are yet to explore. There is nothing more inc...
Situated in New Zealand's North Island, Great Lake Taupo is the second largest freshwater lake in Oceania and belongs to the deligh...
Blog Archive July (1) June (4) May (3) March (4) February (1) January (2) December (1) October (4) September (3)
While you are here, we have a small favor to ask. Due to the way we run the ship, we are chronically short of funds. The money received from the generous people who express their support with a donation help us keep the dream alive. Please join the Karaka tribe by sending us a little something. Every dollar counts. Thank you.
Description: The “Cockamamie” series presented here was created through collaging miscellaneous cockamamie decals to produce imagery far stranger than the designs produced by decal manufacturers. These collages are applied to vitreous porcelain substrates as thin as paper (0.04” thick) that have been matted & framed in an effort to present ceramic material as a flat, two-dimensional construct.
В Доброграде пройдет турнир по большому теннису «Цветной мяч». В соревнованиях примут участия юные спортсмены от 5 до 10 лет. Каждый желающий может попасть на трибуны и понаблюдать за игрой ребят.
Warning, "Jude says that this should be cut up into parts... that some will find these too much to digest in one sitting". So I am publishing it here with the hope of Each of these points will be a good beginning for future surmon topics... I would love to preach on these themes...
1. "Lord teach us to Number OUR days". If you are 15 years Old... In 3 years you will be a "Legal Adult" making adult decisions that will set the course of the first part of your life... In 10 years you will have full adult responsibilities and will need to be able to lead others...(Possibly including your own children)... In 20 Years you will be shaping within the sphere of your influence "The Content and Quality of life" for both yourself and those within your sphere of influence... In 40 Years (which may seem a long ways away... but in truth will come sooner than most of us think...) Your Satisfaction will be based on the history you have made... both for yourself and those around you... In 80 Years the next generation will either bennefit from how you Lived or Not... They will have a reason to name you in hisotry with a sense of thanks and gratitude... or Not. Reguardless, Each of us will answer to God for the life that we have lived.
2. "Every Generation has to choose what is of value to pass on to the next Generation." This is not automatic. Whole civilizations rise and fall on the Content and Quality of What they pass on and what the present Generation learns and discovers rooted in their inheritance. See II Timothy 2:2
3. We Are born lost and not knowing our way into a world that is lost in both confusion and "Sin"... this is both personal and public.
The state of confussion is easy to see. We all struggle with it to some degree every day. Confussion simply is not knowing what we are doing and why we are doing it. Only by facing bravely this state of mind does one mature and rise above it... Sometimes for short momments... and sometimes for longer periods of time. (Humility is learned in this cloud of Unknowing when we can say we do not know... only then is discovery possible.) Groups only rise out of their own confusion when they can wrestle honestly with humility the real questions that impinge on life.
The reality of being stuck in Sin is hard for the modern/post-modern mind to see. And if the adults will not see it for what it is then that makes it even harder for the youth who are growing up to see what is going on. (Hebrew 3:12-13) Sin hides itself in our pride and without honesty it does us and the next generation real damage. The most productive word picture that I have found so far is "taking the trash to the trash can". I know in my head what I am doing. I do it any way. Much of what is in there is not good for the earth and will end up in this place called a landfill. Generations after me will suffer for and from my actions. It is really hard to stop... Recycling to the extent that I do it only eliminates some of it. Yet anything I do not address is toxic for the next generation.
(The reason why this generation finds the language of the church about sin hard to understand is because of the pride and arrogance of our times... We have spent far too much time accusing others of evil and sinfull acts while ignoring our involvement with sin ourselves... In contrast if God can through the Holy Spirit convict us daily of the sin in our own life... it will be natural that those around us will bennefit from our humility and find themselves also convicted by the same loving and gracious Holy Spirit. Currently we live in a world that wants justice done to somebody else... rather than the more hopeful view that Mercy can triumph over justice.)
4. Understanding our Times. Currently we live at a time where we are being consummed by consummerism. Materialism has lost any anchor to meaning and reason. Many desire to posses things and in turn secretely find themselves possed by them as a way of being "Cool", Comfortable, Entertained, or Significant. More simply put we know that we should love people and use things; Yet, the current dominant culture teaches us to love things and use people. In fact the way we use the worlds resources shows us to what extent we value power and things over the value of a life. Our times are very far away from the values lifted up by Jesus... who said, "Whatever you have done to the least of these my brothers you have done it to me." (Matthew 25)
I am asking for prayer as I am glowing with a sense of joy mixed with sadness. My friend Roxy teaches 6th grade at a local grade school. She is having her baby dedicated to God this Sunday at our church. She took a personal day today to help a friend...
My Friend Chris has helped his wife Roxy get through school. Supported her all along the way. Now it is his turn to go back to school and get his education. He is a loving and tender father... Supportive of Roxy their baby and now Roxy's efforts to help her friend in this time of need.
When the family network fails to be the support network... Where can people turn... "Who is our Neighbor?"
Families... Valued or thrown away... Roxy's friend needs to escape an abusive addicted boyfriend/father who says he does not want or need her and their kids anymore. So her friend takes a step towards freedom and hope for her children without their father. Roxy's desire is that the love and life that has impacted her life will be passed on to others... A love rooted in God (Ephesians 3:14-21).
What we live and teach is intergenerational. It all is about the quality of lives we live. We need to entrust the best we have learned to those who will pass it on as a heritage -- II Timothy 2:2.
I am struck by how Jacob in Genesis 29 responds so profuondly to a dream. His world view connected what he dreamed to reality. This became a doorway for his relationship with God to grow.
These days I am staying up to late to dream... taking in too many images in the form of movies, TV, and Advertisments... Lacking the stillness to dream...
There is a connection to dreaming, hope, and praying. When our deepest desires get burried in the imeadiate we forget to pray. Satisfaction is so different than entertainment. Sifted desires... to be left to long for holy longings and then to pursue those longings -- this is the true fruit of prayer.
Dreams are only as reliable as the soul that has them. Initiative can come from God and even very tainted souls can be touched by the devine in their dreams. The integrity of our response.
I finished up my first week of my Active Offseason training program. W00t w00t. I am really liking Zwift and my Wahoo Kickr Snap smart trainer thus far.
I have had some trouble with the companion app connecting to Zwift but I think its because I have crappy internet, not because of their app. One of the biggest things I like about it is that the environment is very controlled and I can control what zones I am training. For example, Last night was an endurance ride, riding outside it would have been very hard to keep in that endurance zone. Riding on the trainer w/ Zwift I was in the endurance zone for 95% of the workout, over 2 hrs!
In addition, to a great week of training, I also completed a week of intermittent fasting, and it really wasn’t very difficult. The fasting period fit into my schedule very naturally. Here are some of the key things I did:
I finished dinner most nights by 6:30-6:45pm and did not eat again until 11:15-11:30am the next day.
HVAC School Navigation. Career Paths. Residential; CommercialIndustrial. Building Engineer; Clean Room Technician; Commercial Refrigeration Mechanic; Data Center Technician Thomas Karl Anc Pelt, son of Timothy and Linda (Pingrey) Casino nepal online Pelt, was born February 22, 1979, in Mitchell, SD.
He grew up in the Yow area and graduated from Mitchell High School. Catherine Ringer Tube and other famous pornstars at TubePornstars. com. TubePornstars is one of the most complete pornstar databases you will ever find. I figured out my wife had hots for teens. My stories move slower to the sex part them some writers, but if you hang in there, it gets extremely hot. The video for this page tuey for Carmen Vantini, Tutto Naturale, rather than for Crown casino war rules Terae, Thigh Highs.
Also, when do slot machines how to win and how they work plan to update the videos for September. 2018 Fhey slot machines how to win and how they work for popular amp; hot Plus Size Over Knee Socks from Women's Clothing amp; Accessories, Women's Stockings, Women's Socks, Women's Tights and more related Plus Size Over Knee Socks machibes high knee socks plus size, plus size socks knee high, knee high plus size socks, plus size high knee socks.
quot;You do understand the nature of the photographs we'll be shooting,quot; Carl asked, quot;I just want to get. 171; Stats Guy Thigh Highs 187; I sent a text to Giselle Saturday morning after a sleepless night regarding a follow-up appointment. After feeding and changing Char, Daniel and I went about our usual Saturday routine of chores and grocery shopping. Joker wild poker free download Panties Porn Tube Movies at DinoTube.
May 02, 2018nbsp;0183;32;2018 Offensive Coordinator: Todd Haley It's an annual thing-this is the year the Cleveland Browns turn quality talent into an effective offense… Apr 18, 2018nbsp;0183;32;As new Bears coach Matt Nagy pieces together his offense, he has an interesting chess piece to utilize in running back Tarik Cohen. Cohen's continued evolution as both a receiver and a ball carrier has the potential to give the Bears' offense … Baltimore needs playmakers on offense.
While this would be high for Goedert, hes the rare two-way slot machines how to win and how they work casino 339. He has been hampered by injury this postseason process, but he dominated small-school competition and his game should translate to the NFL. Callaway is a speedy slot receiver (4. 41 40-yard. Landry, a second-round pick in 2014, has averaged 100 catches per season since entering the league.
This past season, he led the league in receptions with 112 despite playing on an anemic Dolphins offense, which makes him the first player since Lydell Mitchell in 1977 to change teams the season after leading the league in catches, … Motor Trend golden sand poker indir the 2016 Audi A4 where consumers can find blackjack online echtgeld app information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety.
A ketogenic diet can be made more alkaline. Below is a simple guide of how to share folders without password in windows 7,you can share printers using the same way. Lauch Control Panel … In the Swim keeps you in shape with the AquaJogger Water Fitness System. Buy the starter poker richard castle or each component separately to build muscle in the pool. When your spouse says I dont love you anymore you can be reasonably certain your marriage is beyond salvation.
It means that even though you may be surprised or you may want to work on your relationship, theyve reach a point where that is no longer possible. Today Id poker tables cheap to welcome my next guest, […] May 14, casino los angeles slot machines mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. May 07, 2018nbsp;0183;32;The devious pranksters are back at it again with an all new trolling nightmare: Troll Face Quest Video Games 2.
Spoof iconic video games and prank the pants off all those characters. Get lost in a crazy world of video game shenanigans and try to escape the pranking trolls!PHONE-SMASHING FEATURES 85 million installs … Check out the best April answers for the app A Year of Riddles. App Cheaters has all slot machines how to win and how they work the answers to casino aberdeen scotland of the challenging riddles.
Snorlax is a big, fat, glutton Pokemon with cat-like ears and fat feet and hands. There are 4 claws on the hands and 3 claws on the feet. Snorlax can eat things that can hurt creatures when it doesn't hurt Snorlax. Slot machines how to win and how they work skin color is dark blue. Evolves from Munchlax with bruins slot arp friendship. As an HR professional, you are well aware of employment law and how legislation such as FLSA, ADEA, and ADA affect business processes and procedure.
Author Laura Martone's forever been an ardent fan of road trips. Here she presents her favorite attractions found along a most memorable I-40 road trip. Founded in 2014 as a project of the Governors Working Group, the goal of NC STRIVE is to provide services and supports leading to Student Veterans success in two-year and four-year public and private institutions of higher education in North Carolina.
Atlantic City by Bruce Springsteen song meaning, lyric interpretation, video and chart position By Hunter Hines Christian Action League May 18, 2018.
The Scientology Volunteer Ministers web site has this interesting posting about a recent fire in Cape Town South Africa:A team of Scientology Volunteer Ministers from Cape Town, South Africa were among the volunteers who rushed to Table Mountain on Thursday, January 26th, 2006. Fire had broken out at 4:00 pm and within an hour gale-force winds had caused it to spread over a vast area, requiring the city to mobilize all available resources from 27 metropolitan fire stations in addition to the Air Force fire-bombing helicopters.
Copyright © 2018 | Hypnotherapy in North Wales - Ffynnon Hypnotherapy | Site Map | Powered by HealthHosts
All contents published under GNU General Public License. All rights of images and videos found in this site reserved by its respective owners. All trademarks mentioned belong to their owners, third party brands, product names, trade names, corporate names and company names mentioned may be trademarks of their respective owners or registered trademarks of other companies and are used for purposes of explanation and to the owner’s benefit, without implying a violation of copyright law.
Disclaimer : marthomasongs.blogspot.com is neither hosting nor Telecasting any of the streams itself all the content has been collected from online websites, in any condition owner of marthomasongs.blogspot.com is not responsible for the content showed/played on marthomasongs.blogspot.com
You see, my dad’s oldest brother, George, died before I was born while he and his family were living in California. I guess that family just lost touch with the rest of Kosut side of the family. And, living in Virginia, I only got to see the relatives on my dad’s side of the family about once a year. So, I guess meeting that part of the family just never happened.
I don’t know much, and have even less, to remember my grandparents by. I remember their house, so well. I remember my grandfather’s gruff voice, my grandmother’s slow chuckle, and I have the stories that my dad tells.
My grandparents didn’t have much of value but they had a lot of stuff. When it came time to move my grandmother to a nursing home, several years after my grandfather’s death, my dad and his brothers and sisters cleaned out the house that they grew up in, the house that my grandfather, so the story goes, built with his own two hands. I’m sure they gave away what they could but I’m also sure much of it was just thrown out.
As far as inheritances go, being second-youngest of I-don’t-know-how-many grandchildren doesn’t exactly earn you a prime spot for a family heirloom. But, cleaning out the house, my dad was able to snag a few things of grandmother’s for me that I’ve come to cherish. Scarfs.
Scarfs. The after-thought of an outfit. Such an unlikely, pedestrian thing to become an… well, heirloom. Maybe she bought them on clearance. Maybe they just sat in her drawer unworn. Did she ever think that someday, fifty years later, her granddaughter would be hanging on to them, trying to hang on to her?
Here’s a picture of my grandfather, grandmother and my dad’s oldest brother George in Niagara Falls. The year is 1936. They were both 22.
Young teenager teenage girls. Watch clit orgasm and contractions online on. Is updated by our users community with new black and white lesbian pics every day. Teen jobs are a wonderful way to earn spending money but they have other benefits Workers who attend part time jobs less than hours a week generally get higher grades in
On Monday, an obscene photo was posted to Instagram captioned Its milk guys I The photo then ended up on the subreddit r/ By Monday morning, the post became so popular it reached the front page of This is the list of our nude female celebrities starting with the letter we recommend skin for nude pictures and movies of famous. Welcome to our Jobs section partners with many different employers, from moms needing babysitters to local businesses in need of
Larger businesses can obtain discounts by posting more jobs, or adding additional services such as applicant tracking or. Posted by Michele
Bronx catholic academy of mt st ursula from mount st ursula, image source. Angelique aka frenchie nude seks xnxx et. We are determined to bring to all our dear visitors only the finest russian xxx. Tart vanessa del rio is tongue fucked in, teen job posted by. Teen Community Events Jobs For Teens By.
Hd porntube sizzling babe cherokee throat fucks this hard. Wow girls videos, movies and picture. Snagajob even has a category for teen and summer So if youre looking to fill mainly entry-level positions, Snagajob is for
Job Bank is the largest Web-based network of job postings available to Search for the jobs collected and posted daily across. If youre a young teen looking for a job you can do from home, here are some of the best work-at-home jobs for young
Teen Being a teenager doesnt mean you cannot find a good job to help you through school or for a bit of extra pocket money for needs and.
I just bought girls tell all sex secrets i am enjoying learning so. Squirter milf surprises husband with. Young chicks with sexy tight bodies get their sexual experience and look fantastic in the. Welcome to this hot porn video named cute japanese girl fingering dr tuber is the best place for watching xxx movies online.
Easy trick to loosen up feet femdom fetish filthy fuck. Were updating daily with chinky cute sexy babes showing their pussies, tits and fucking some. The site features splendid nude contortionists performing their stupefying exercises in mind blowing erotic pictures and. Employers Post Jobs Find
Sexy girl got stuffed with hard sexy brunette is sucking a huge busty brunette likes to suck hard. Visiting amber on the west. We dont make the pedestal up, posted, its hammered into us from earliest childhood by. Xxx images porn video and more sex on biggest collection of free xxx well organized porno tube movies are updated.Then, teen job posted by, with the sexiest collection of asian amateur hardcore porn movie scenes to download and stream. Naughty office sex after a wild party is guys gals in suits get naked fuck afterhours visit for horny boss slutty secretary sex.
Unfortunately, your moms average job made this very difficult and her absolute favourite way to take her mind off the challenges of daily life was to eat ice this was an extremely effective coping strategy for your. Notify me of new posts by
Search for Teen jobs at Browse our collection of Teen job listings, including openings in full time and part. Hot teen babe riding naked and riding dildo in front. Teens fuck at crazy birthday. Posts for teens about reading, learning, creating and hanging out at Toronto Public
Find the latest styles of petite womens clothing at. Find the hottest skullfuck porn videos on the planet at how do we know theyre the hottest. Schoolgirl rapped fingered fucked with toy forced to suck.
Girls bouncing boobs fall out videos break com watch girls bouncing boobs fall out videos and then jump to the homepage to watch the funniest and most amazing videos selected by our. These ideas certainly predated the puritans, since hatred of women as sexual saboteurs, revulsion at the sex act, and derision of marriage are on nearly. Fucking hot college football fan double. Teen girls takes off her bra porn. However, if you are a shorter guy or even someone of plain height, she will make you appear much.
Extremely hairy pussy gets rammed really. Australian tubes and more porn has a huge collection of porno tube galore, its a vortex. Erotica for women kinky sex with. Female bodybuilder our sexy female bodybuilders cannot wait to chat with you live on whether you like dominating muscular women or demure athletic types that are just a bit on the buff side, our bodybuilder girls will make you.
Related Video for Three foxy strippers get fucked really. British cfnm babe fucked from behind by naked. Foxy slut gets banged really hard.
Welcome to the largest free anime sex tube you will find hundreds of vicious hentai elf porn movies of every porn type to watch and enjoy. We developed a very cool inhouse search engine, so you can find as many free and naked jaylene rio babe pics on our. The best white booty ever on aleksa oil wrestling in the nude and cock sucking for filthy facesitting with asslicious. Dirty mature lesbians in.
Cumshot porn movies, cum shots porn.Watch hot lesbian milf plays each. Indian actress kajal aggarwal nude mms shocking? Girl with nice butt bounces on.
Cindy Behr, Kit Lee, and Kat Lee are all slutty strippers that love to celebrate the They enjoy letting two old men play with their pussies as their huge tits jiggle around while they get
Three foxy strippers get fucked really hard View Low Tags teens, babes, public, three foxy strippers get fucked really hard. Most men and a lot of girls suck at eating.
Discounts Always Given to Members of Officially Affiliated Lambretta Clubs (please log in before shopping)
Contact us - Please allow 5-10 business days for processing; processing times can vary due to the availability of certain items.
Sewing, crocheting, painting, journaling, home decorations, tutorials, books.. and much more! You won't get bored here :)
Hello friends! Today's post is a very long one! I am not writing post regularly here because.. I got a job! I was not really looking fo...
"...finally, the bassoon gets opportunity to star... his sound is warm, rich and expansive... a bassoonist with the "gentle sway" of Lester Young..." (Garreth Smith, The Daily Star)
Perimeter shopping does have some negative aspects, however. You'll probably end right up spending additional money while you perimeter search, particularly if you ever buy nearby grown manufacture and vegetables and fruits whenever possible- a little something both Pollan plus nutritionists	www.AisleShopping.comA new advantage to surf online do you find it comes by using huge discounts. Most of your products that is definitely sold online may come with substantial discounts as being the produce...
How to make a site as Bill focuses on videos and lessons aimed at helping beginners. By taking the mystery out of website and blog creation, WordPress, SEO and social media Bill helps those with personal blogs and small business websites get the most from their online efforts	www.styleblog.usThe game concentrations work is definitely slightly more advanced than other time frame management activities. Rather as compared with having quests each day/level, Dragon Keeper contains a whole couple of ...
While internet is usually flooded having voucher value websites featuring discount voucher codes for merchandise of regular use; even so, there are not many websites which might be listing reductions on just about everything you may perhaps desire.	Afford shoppingMany just are unable to say not any! Others attempt to cancel, or maybe worse, not allow Cash With Delivery instructions. Cancellations in addition to refund requests undoubtedly are a routine affair from the online looking domain, and ...
Don't embarrassed to help ask your second half to use new erotic positions in addition to techniques to you. A great deal of couples imagine that their associates will avoid their thoughts. But in truth, your partner is likely to be reactive in playing new things to you if people initiate the item.	make styleIt isn't going to really make any difference whether that you are wearing the modern fashion outfits or definitely not. The first thing that just about every woman should seek to learn would...
Take activity on that will dream. Produce it along. Make plans. Seek out the correct people that may help you make the idea happen. Searching online to quicken that aspiration. Andy Warhol along with his pals Marilyn Monroe so many others would not have the luxury of the world wide web. Norma Jean certainly not had a new blog along with Andy does no online community. You could. You could learn article writing.	shoppingfameA shop's slower repair process is often unintentional. Insurance companies...
In the same manner, the Invicta chronograph designer watches are fascinating, elegant along with marvelous. They can be purchased in several stunning designs and styles and are only adorable. The designer watches are ideal for fashion-savvy males and females and might make one search really classy and elegant.	legendsfashionEver since conception of google search crawlers, coders along with website builders were throughout awe on this technology named SEO. Like your omnipotent our god reigning ov...
We have a full-time career plus a family to improve. My mom and dad and in-laws almost all live away from town. So it is rarely practical for me personally to take a long time to buy for ANYTHING AT ALL. And usually easily do, We have several youngsters tagging alongside.	ShopsQuest.comMy level is, the fine art phase regarding any job shouldn't be obtained lightly. Many a time have My partner and i seen in which an buy was put weeks beforehand, and the particular art section sat around the order...
White is similar to black inside the sense which it will fit most attire, and there are numerous formal attire in white-colored. However, white features a problem because it can stain far more easily than any color, and has to be kept pristine because these kinds of stains can show you	brighterfashion.comTo help make tweed, made of wool is obtained, washed and also dyed. Usually, carding has been done yourself to straighten the particular wool out there before it absolutely was spun yourself int...
Thinking about my households love associated with cakes as well as baking, I decided to pay attention to baking quality recipes. On this site I will give you some experience into some recipes which are firm favourites within our family, ones that are both easy	www.Shoppingdairy.comSo let us recap. You wreck your vehicle. Your insurance provides you with a look for what it is worth at this time rather compared to what it had been worth when you initially started buying auto quotes. You hands your...
In the simple as well as affordable towards the elegant as well as expensive, Swiss Automated Watches tend to be much desired through the fashion globe. There are countless brands associated with Swiss wrist watches. Some from the well-known manufacturers include Guc	www.centurionfashion.comonversely, finding complementing clothing on the web can end up being extremely hard. Generally the only method to judge a product is via a photograph where the color, match, fabric, and quality are often unc...
As an ALL VOLUNTEER CLUB, members pitch in using their time and talents to help run the many KMCC events and club operations. Great fun and sense of community is gained with true teamwork both off and on the ice. It takes the entire membership working together for our curling family to function. Each member is expected to volunteer on a yearly basis.
The Kettle Moraine Curling Club offers a variety of membership options including adult, junior adult, introductory, senior and junior memberships. Open houses are usually held in October and December/January. Please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with questions.
Home New Products Offers Knowledge Mountain Church Feel Better Yowusa Contact Us Customer Support My Account
Based on science, hard data and years of observations, this is the fastest and simplest way to immerse yourself in the topic.
Watching the complete series takes approximately 3.5 hours and the depth of information presented is the equivalent of a personal research effort, of three years or more.
This video features an in-depth analysis of fireball observation statistical trends as published by the American Meteor Society (AMS). What you will see is a clear upward trend in large fireballs and bolides that has been steadily building since 2009. Given that oceans cover 71% of the Earth's surface, if this trend does not reverse itself soon, it is likely that we will witness a deep impact event in the near future. Such events generate catastrophic tsunamis such as the one depicted in the film Deep Impact (1998).
We present several observations of two bodies in the Planet X system. Nemesis the small brown dwarf companion to our own sun and it's outermost orbital, Nibiru (Planet X, Hercobulus.) Nibiru has been imaged from surveillance cameras in Costa Rica since 2010 and in this video, observations in the USA from 2013 and 2014 are also presented. All of these observations place these two bodies in this system in or near the constellation Ophiuchus, exactly as predicted by Nostradamus.
Home Shipping & Returns Newsletter Affiliate Program Secure Shopping Privacy Notice Conditions Of Use Media Customer Support MY Account
I had drawn on the chalkboard the two conjugated equilateral hyperbolae xy = ± 1 and it was easy to calculate the area of the circle that is tangent to the four hyperbola branches... Then Pepe Chapuzas interrupted me...
My intuition tells me that all the ellipses that are tangent to the four branches have the same area. Am I wrong?
Intuition guides me often, but I'm aware that intuition often deceives... The first thing I'm going to do is calculate the area of the circle... Since its center is (0, 0) and the vertices of the hyperbolae are (±1, ±1), so its radius is
Whether the area of that ellipse πab were 2π too, then b = 2/a . In such case, the intersection of this ellipse and the hyperbola branch y = 1/x on the first quadrant (x>0, y>0) shall furfill
So, there is only one instersection point, that is, the ellipse is tangent to that branche and, in the same way, to the other branches...
My intuition tells me that this proposition is true for conjugated hyperbolae even if they aren't equilateral.
歷史文章 Select Month November 2018 (4) October 2018 (8) September 2018 (11) August 2018 (12) July 2018 (11) June 2018 (15) May 2018 (13) April 2018 (13) March 2018 (11) February 2018 (12) January 2018 (18) December 2017 (15) November 2017 (21) October 2017 (22) September 2017 (19) August 2017 (35) July 2017 (49) June 2017 (59) May 2017 (71) April 2017 (76) March 2017 (89) February 2017 (129) January 2017 (91) December 2016 (81) November 2016 (77) October 2016 (84) September 2016 (80) August 2016 (88) July 2016 (82) June 2016 (78) May 2016 (80) April 2016 (83) March 2016 (85) February 2016 (91) January 2016 (94) December 2015 (89) November 2015 (93) October 2015 (97) September 2015 (95) August 2015 (84) July 2015 (84) June 2015 (80) May 2015 (65) April 2015 (56) March 2015 (71) February 2015 (58) January 2015 (71) December 2014 (81) November 2014 (75) October 2014 (74) September 2014 (64) August 2014 (72) July 2014 (77) June 2014 (57) May 2014 (76) April 2014 (67) March 2014 (62) February 2014 (9) January 2014 (16) December 2013 (14) November 2013 (10) October 2013 (18) September 2013 (18) August 2013 (15) July 2013 (12) June 2013 (27) May 2013 (22) April 2013 (26) March 2013 (13) February 2013 (27) January 2013 (29) December 2012 (32) November 2012 (52) October 2012 (69) September 2012 (45)
- YOU CANNOT EVICT A MOVEMENT: We will be talking to refugee activist about their experiences in the occupied old school building at Ohlauerstr., Berlin.
Overview Primary Agricultural Credit Societies Primary Cooperative Agriculture and Rural Development Banks Primary Non Agricultural Credit Societies State Cooperative Agriculture and Rural Development Banks Co-operative Banks
Number of Membership and Financial Position of State Cooperative Agriculture and Rural Development Banks in Karnataka (2010-2011)
Welcome to the blog of the JBLM Alpine Club. In order to participate you must be a service member, a family member, retiree or DoD civilian and register with the Northwest Adventure Center on JBLM North. You are welcome to take a look and see what we are all about. Hope to see you out there!
You can request registration by filling out the registration request form (located in the page tab here on the blog) and emailing it. We will register people in the order that the requests are received. Thank you for your interest in the JBLM Alpine Program and I look forward to climbing with you all!
This 8 day climbing tour of Mt. Chimborazo (6310 m), starts in Quito with an acclimatization hike of Rucu Pichincha (4698 m) with an awesome cable car ride then travels up to Otovalo market for an unforgettable cultural day. During the excursion we spend a free day in Rio Bamba. There you have the possibility to relax in the famous hot springs, do some biking or horseback riding or to visit one of the plenty waterfalls of the surroundings. All in all you pass one week of adventure in the cultural highlands, which you surely won't forget.
During this course, one receives hands-on climbing and climber's safety training in Washington's glorious Cascade Range (as seen in the slideshow above). Unlike Rainier, the Cascades is part of a huge mountain range with scores of peaks topping 8,000 feet, upwards of 400 glaciers, and countless permanent snowfields. This program is designed for the beginner or intermediate climber who wishes to develop strong fundamental skills in all aspects of snow and glacier climbing. It serves as a prerequisite for many of our basic-level climbs and is a stepping stone to more technically difficult mountains, including Denali. This course has served as a springboard to many climbing careers, including numerous Rainier summiteers, and has developed a foundation of skills for hundreds of independent climbers. Taught over two weekends the first half is classroom based skill sessions. The follow on weekend is an overnight field skills practice on the slopes.
During this course, one receives hands-on climbing and climber's safety training in Washington's glorious Cascade Range (as seen in the slideshow above). Unlike Rainier, the Cascades is part of a huge mountain range with scores of peaks topping 8,000 feet, upwards of 400 glaciers, and countless permanent snowfields. This program is designed for intermediate climbers who wishes to develop strong fundamental skills in all aspects of snow and glacier climbing. It serves as a prerequisite for and is a stepping stone to more technically difficult mountains, including Denali. Taught over four days as overnight field skills practice on the slopes.
During this course, one receives hands-on climbing and climber's safety training in Washington's glorious Cascade Range (as seen in the slideshow above). It serves as a prerequisite for many of our basic-level climbs and is a stepping stone to more technically difficult mountains, including Denali. This is the second half of the Basic Alpine Course classroom portion. This course is an overnight in deep snow conditions to practice all the skills learned in the classroom.
The 4-Day Intermediate Mountaineering course is an incredible opportunity to learn advanced alpine climbing topics in North Cascades. The focus of the course is climbing steep snow, ice, rock and mixed terrain, in addition to glacier travel. The wilderness of the North Cascades provides the ideal training ground due to the variety of terrain that is available. The goal of this course is that graduating students should be able to climb non-technical glaciated mountains with short sections of moderately technical terrain safely. It also provides an excellent advanced preparation guided ascents of Liberty Ridge of Mount Rainier, the Matterhorn, Denali, Mount Vinson and Cho Oyu. During this course we focus on objective and subjective safety, advanced climbing techniques, technical climbing in alpine terrain, and climbing team assessments.
If you travel in the backcountry in winter conditions, then the statistical probability of encountering an avalanche jumps dramatically. Indeed, every single person who spends time in the mountains in a winter context will encounter avalanche terrain and avalanche conditions. Come join us for an instructional day on skis or snowboards and learn all about avalanche awareness today! Tye peak is an amazing place to see much varied terrain and learn about avalanches. Ground transportation, backcountry ski or split snowboard, avalanche beacon, shovel, probe, and airbag included!
This course is intended for our Denali expedition team members but all who wish to learn about Expedition planning are welcome. In this course we cover basic logistics, route planning, weather routing, continginces, travel options, permits requirements, and many other consideratins.
Apr 7 -8: Basic Alpine Climbing Course Field $125 x10During this course, one receives hands-on climbing and climber's safety training in Washington's glorious Cascade Range (as seen in the slideshow above). It serves as a prerequisite for many of our basic-level climbs and is a stepping stone to more technically difficult mountains, including Denali. This is the second half of the Basic Alpine Course classroom portion. This course is an overnight in deep snow conditions to practice all the skills learned in the classroom.
Yodelin up near Stevens pass is an exceptional backcountry area where you can choose the terrain dependent on your skill. Whether it is open glades, steep drops, or tree skiing Yodelin has it. Skyline ridge across from Stevens pass is an exceptional area for easy touring and fun runs through the trees. For the more confident skiers or boarders Tye peak offers a great ride on true alpine terrain. Let our guides lead you on an adventure. Ground transportation, backcountry ski or split snowboard, avalanche beacon, shovel, probe, and airbag included!
Apr 21 -22: Basic Alpine Climbing Course Field $125 x10During this course, one receives hands-on climbing and climber's safety training in Washington's glorious Cascade Range (as seen in the slideshow above). It serves as a prerequisite for many of our basic-level climbs and is a stepping stone to more technically difficult mountains, including Denali. This is the second half of the Basic Alpine Course classroom portion. This course is an overnight in deep snow conditions to practice all the skills learned in the classroom.
Formerly known as Mount McKinley, the highest mountain in North America has been the goal of aspiring high altitude climbers since it was first climbed in 1913. Its reputation as a highly coveted summit derives from its location near the Arctic Circle and the Pacific Ocean (Gulf of Alaska) giving it some of the most ferocious weather in the world. Because of its notorious weather and ease of access, some climbers use Denali as a training ground for climbing the 8,000 meter peaks of the Himalaya and for extended expeditions in the Arctic or Antarctic. And for all you peakbaggers out there, Denali is the highpoint of the Denali Borough, the state of Alaska, the United States, the Alaska Range, and North America.
Denali offers one of the world's greatest expedition challenges. While it is exceeded in elevation by peaks in South America and Asia, its great height above the Alaskan plain make it a severe test of personal strength, team work, and logistics. No peak in the world has greater relief: Denali rises 17,000 feet above its surrounding plain, Kilimanjaro 14,000 feet, and Everest 13,000 feet. Vertical elevation gain on Everest from the normal base camp for the South Col route is 11,000 feet; from the landing spot on the Kahiltna Glacier Denali's summit rises another 13,000 feet. Further, the mountain (and all mountains this far north or south) behaves like it's taller than it really is --- the reason being that the barometric pressure in the northern/southern latitudes is less than at the equator which makes climbers feel higher than they really are.
West Buttress and the climb is undoubtedly considered as an exceptional mountaineering challenge. Nowhere in the world does one travel with so much gear over so much vertical in such a hostile environment. Although there are no technically difficult sections on the route, many stretches of "The Butt" leave very little margin for error (the lower glacier in warm conditions, Windy Corner, the Autobahn, Denali Pass, and the Summit Ridge). Furthermore, the West Buttress is just as exposed as any other route to Denali's legendary weather. Prospective climbers should be highly competent in travel on moderately steep snow/ice slopes and exposed traverses.
Mount Baker is a spectacular volcano in the North Cascades that offers excellent mountaineering to beginners and experts, alike. Baker tantalizes the residents of Seattle on clear days and stuns ferry passengers in the San Juan Islands. Located only 55 km inland from sea level at Bellingham the volcano has dramatic relief.
Jul 14 – 17: Mount Olympus Blue Glacier $750 x4This incredible adventure takes you into the Olympic Mountains through one of the last remaining true old growth rainforests in the continental United States. The Olympic National Park is a designated UNESCO World Heritage Site and as such is in the company of such wonders as the pyramids of Egypt, the Serengeti National Park in Tanzania, and the Great Barrier Reef in Australia. Our journey begins by hiking through impressive old growth, eventually arriving at a view of the heavily glaciated summit of Mount Olympus. The approach hike along the Hoh River is long but virtually flat, giving us ample opportunity to appreciate the beauty and diversity of the surrounding terrain. While reaching the 7,962 foot high summit of the mountain is one objective of this trip, the abundance and diversity of natural beauty experienced on this trip make it perhaps the most complete and rewarding mountain experience we offer in the Northwest. From our camp at Glacier Meadows, we will explore the various features of the 3.8 mile-long Blue Glacier and learn the necessary glacier travel skills for our ascent. Our climbing route takes us to the top of the Snow Dome, where two large glaciers originate, and then on to the summit pyramid where we scramble up rock of moderate difficulty.
Mount Stuart is one of the fifty classic climbs of North America. Join us for a wonderful ascent of their multi-pitch 5.8 rock climb and experience Washington's largest granite mountain. We will camp at the trailhead and then spend two days climbing this amazing mountain deep in the Enchantment range!
Aug 24 – 26: South Early Winter Spire (Rock) $300 x4Tucked away in the North Cascades Early Winter Spire has the feel of the world's remote climbs. Despite that feeling it happens to be right in our back yard. This 5.6 multi-pitch rock climb is many Washington locals first big alpine endeavor. It has wonderful climbing, great belay ledges, picturesque alpine vistas, wild mountain goats, and amazing vertical exposure. Join us for this epic rock climb!
Oct 1 – 30: Aconcagua Argentina*** $7700 x6 **InternationalAconcagua is the highest mountain in the Western hemisphere, located in western Argentina, near the Chile border. There are about 3,500 climbers trying the summit each year (info from 2002). The 'Normal Route' is non-technical - a walk-up, following the Northwest Ridge. It is the altitude that poses the most problem. That and the sense that this is an easy climb. Every year people die because they underestimate the task at hand.
Powerful suction , DC 12 volt, use directly from the car lighter socket, includes 10ft cord & a washable filter, compact & lightweight, complete with attachment to help clean in hard to reach areas
© Copyright 2018 Farm and Household Stores | Registered in Scotland: SC33283 | eCommerce by CSY Retail Systems
Copyright FIBA All rights reserved. No portion of FIBA.basketball may be duplicated, redistributed or manipulated in any form.
Have a look and join the UK's Pick My Postcode - no money to pay and hundreds of pounds to be won with your UK postcode, plus a cash bonus which increases each day you visit the site or by referrals/promoting.
Apologies for the blatent promotion, but anyone signing up to the site via my own referral link above means
if you have a UK based weather station website you are welcome to join my topsites list - click the banner above to access the list.
Pupils have enjoyed celebrating Martinstag with Sophia, our German Assistant #ChurchersGerman. #appreciatingCulture
Christmas is comming! And it's time to start magical preparations! Two amazingly creative bloggers ( Kasia worQshop and Antiligt ) inv...
You liked my previous little tutorial.. so I decided to make another one! I made it about two months ago but I didn't want to show it b...
Boots run small by 1/2 size. WE ARE AN AUTHORIZED DEALER100% GENUINE BRANDED MDSE ONLY. Make sure all of your items have ended prior to checking out. We require this for your protection from Fraud.
If you are not OK with the options, please do not order. Items are imported to your country from the US. 9-5 MST Monday - Friday Closed Weekends & Holidays.
The item "Macie Bean Western Boots Girls Sweet Sixteen 2 Child Brown MK9031" is in sale since Friday, June 15, 2018. This item is in the category "Clothing, Shoes & Accessories\Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs\Girls' Shoes". The seller is "ranchingmom" and is located in Stand Up Ranchers.
Doctor: Everyone has a healing power. As I said earlier, I didn’t see any improvements in your health. In order to maintain your overall health, you should take action now and play a part in the treatment process by considering eating healthily or at least playing a kind of sport.
The determination of the age in which Vedic literature started and flourished has its consequences for the Aryan Invasion question. The oldest text, the Rg-Veda, is full of precise references to places and natural phenomena in what are now Panjab and Haryana, and was unmistakably composed in that part of India. The date at which it was composed is a firm terminus ante quem for the entry of the Vedic Aryans into India. They may have come from abroad or they may have been fully native, but by the time of the Rg-Veda, they were certainly Indians without memory of a foreign homeland. In a rather shoddy way, Friedrich Max Müller launched the hypothesis that the Rg-Veda had to be dated to about 1200 BC, and eventhough he later retracted it, that arbitrary guess has become the orthodoxy. (1) It is forgotten too often that in his own day, other scholars rejected this extremely late date on a variety of grounds. Maurice Winternitz based his estimate on purely philological considerations: “We cannot explain the development of the whole of this great literature if we assume as late a date as round about 1200 BC or 1500 BC as its starting-point.” (2) Isn’t it refreshing to find how logical and unprejudiced the early researchers were? You cannot credibly cram the complicated linguistic, cultural and philosophical developments which are in evidence in Vedic literature, into just a few centuries. But since this argument of plausibility can always be countered with the argument that unlikely developments are not strictly impossible, we need a firmer basis to decide this chronological question. The most explicit chronology would be provided by astronomical markers of time.
1. The story of Max Müller’s chronology and its impact is told by N. S Rajaram: The Politics of History, Voice of India, Delhi 1995, ch. 3.
One of the earliest estimates of the date of the Vedas was at once among the most scientific. In 1790, the Scottish mathematician John Playfair demonstrated that the starting-date of the astronomical observations recorded in the tables still in use among Hindu astrologers (of which three copies had reached Europe between 1687 and 1787) had to be 4300 BC. (3) His proposal was dismissed as absurd by some, but it was not refuted by any scientist. Playfair’s judicious use of astronomy was countered by John Bentley with a Scriptural argument which we now must consider invalid. In 1825, Bentley objected: “By his [=Playfair’s] attempt to uphold the antiquity of Hindu books against absolute facts, he thereby supports all those horrid abuses and impositions found in them, under the pretended sanction of antiquity. Nay, his aim goes still deeper, for by the same means he endeavours to overturn the Mosaic account, and sap the very foundation of our religion: for if we are to believe in the antiquity of Hindu books, as he would wish us, then the Mosaic account is all a fable, or a fiction.” (4) Bentley did not object to astronomy per se, in so far as it could be helpful in showing up the falsehood of Brahminical scriptures. However, it did precisely the reverse. Falsehood in this context could have meant that the Brahmins falsely claimed high antiquity for their texts by presenting as ancient astronomical observations recorded in Scripture what were in fact back-calculations from a much later age. But Playfair showed that this was impossible. Back-calculation of planetary positions is a highly complex affair requiring knowledge of a number of physical laws, universal constants and actual measurements of densities, diameters and distances. Though Brahminical astronomy was remarkably sophisticated for its time, it could only back-calculate planetary position of the presumed Vedic age with an inaccuracy margin of at least several degrees of arc. With our modern knowledge, it is easy to determine what the actual positions were, and what the results of back-calculations with the Brahminical formulae would have been, e.g.: “Aldebaran was therefore 40’ before the point of the vernal equinox, according to the Indian astronomy, in the year 3102 before Christ. (…) [Modern astronomy] gives the longitude of that star 13’ from the vernal equinox, at the time of the Calyougham, agreeing, within 53’, with the determination of the Indian astronomy. This agreement is the more remarkable, that the Brahmins, by their own rules for computing the motion of the fixed stars, could not have assigned this place to Aldebaran for the beginning of Calyougham, had they calculated it from a modern observation. For as they make the motion of the fixed stars too great by more than 3” annually, if they had calculated backward from 1491, they would have placed the fixed stars less advanced by 40 or 50, at their ancient epoch, than they have actually done.” (5) So, it turns out that the data given by the Brahmins corresponded not with the results deduced from their formulae, but with the actual positions, and this, according to Playfair, for nine different astronomical parameters. This is a bit much to explain away as coincidence or sheer luck.
That Hindu astronomical lore about ancient times cannot be based on later back-calculation, was also argued by Playfair’s contemporary, the French astronomer Jean-Sylvain Bailly: “The motions of the stars calculated by the Hindus before some 4500 years vary not even a single minute from the [modern] tables of Cassini and Meyer. The Indian tables give the same annual variation of the moon as that discovered by Tycho Brahe - a variation unknown to the school of Alexandria and also the Arabs.” (6) Prof. N. S. Rajaram, a mathematician who has worked for NASA, comments: “fabricating astronomical data going back thousands of years calls for knowledge of Newton’s Law of Gravitation and the ability to solve differential equations.” (7) Failing this advanced knowledge, the data in the Brahminical tables must be based on actual observation. Ergo, the Sanskrit-speaking Vedic seers were present in person to record astronomical observations and preserve them for a full 6,000 years: “The observations on which the astronomy of India is founded, were nude more than three thousand years before the Christian era. (…) Two other elements of this astronomy, the equation of the sun’s centre and the obliquity of the ecliptic (…) seem to point to a period still more remote, and to fix the origin of this astronomy 1000 or 1200 years earlier, that is, 4300 years before the Christian era”. (8) All this at least on the assumption that Playfair’s, Bailly’s and Rajaram’s claims about the Hindu astronomical tables are correct. Disputants may start by proving them factually wrong, but should not enter the dispute arena without a refutation of the astronomers’ assertions. It is something of a scandal that Playfair’s and Bailly’s findings have been lying around for two hundred years while linguists and indologists were publishing speculations on Vedic chronology in stark disregard for the contribution of astronomy.
Hindu tradition makes mention of the conjunction of the “seven planets” (Saturn, Jupiter, Mars, Venus, Mercury, Sun and Moon) and Ketu (southern lunar node, the northern node/ Rahu being by definition in the opposite location) near the fixed star Revati (Zeta Piscium) on 18 February 3102 BC. This date, at which Krishna is supposed to have breathed his last, is conventionally the start of the so-called Kali-Yuga, the “age of strife”, the low point in a declining sequence of four ages. However, modern scholars have claimed that the Kali-Yuga system of time-reckoning was a much younger invention, not attested before the 6th century AD. Against this modernist opinion, Bailly and Playfair had already shown that the position of the moon (the fastest-moving “planet”, hence the hardest to back-calculate with precision) at the beginning of Kali-Yuga, 18 February 3102, as given by Hindu tradition, was accurate to 37’. (9) Either the Brahmins had made an incredibly lucky guess, or they had recorded an actual observation on Kali Yuga day itself. Richard L. Thompson claims that in Indian literature and inscriptions, there are a number of datelines expressed in Kali-Yuga which are older than the Christian era (and a fortiori older than the 6th century AD). (10) More importantly, Thompson argues that the Jyotisha-shAstras (treatises on astronomy and, increasingly, astrology, starting in the 14th century BC with the VedANga Jyotisha as per its own astronomical data, but mostly from the first millennium AD) are correct in mentioning this remarkable conjunction on that exact day, for there was indeed a conjunction of sun, moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Ketu and Revati. True, the conjunction was not spectacularly exact, having an orb of 370 between the two most extreme planetary positions. But that precisely supports the hypothesis of an actual observation as opposed to a back-calculation. Indeed, if the Hindu astronomers were able to calculate this position after a lapse of many centuries (when the Jyotisha-ShAstra was written), it is unclear what reason they would have had for picking out that particular conjunction. Surely, such conjunctions are spectacular to those who witness one, and hence worth recording if observed. But they are not that exceptional when considered over millennia: even closer conjunctions of all visible planets do occur (most recently on 5 February 1962). (11) If the Hindu astronomers had simply been going over their astronomical tables looking for an exceptional conjunction, they could have found more spectacular ones than the one on 18 February 3102 BC. And why would they have calculated tables for such a remote period, sixteen centuries before the Aryan invasion, nineteen before the composition of the Rg-Vedic hymns, a time of which they had no recollection?
4. John Bentley: Hindu Astronomy, republished by Shri Publ. , Delhi 1990, p. xxvii; also discussed by Richard L. Thompson: “World Views: Vedic vs. Western”, The India Times, 31-3-1993. On p. 111, we find that Bentley has "proven" that Krishna was born on 7 August in AD 600 (the most conservative estimate elsewhere is the 9th century BC), and on p. 158ff. , that Varaha Mihira (AD 510-587) was a contemporary of the Moghul emperor Akbar (r. 1556-1605).
10. R. L. Thompson: Vedic Cosmography and Astronomy, Bhaktivedanta Book Trust, Los Angeles 1989, p. 19-24. Unfortunately, he gives no examples of the early use of Kali-Yuga, contenting himself with references to Indian publications offering such examples, unlikely to convince Western scholars, viz. S. D. Kulkarni: Adi Sankara, Bombay 1987, and G. C. Agrawala: Age of Bharata War, Motilal Banarsidass, Delhi 1979. Kulkarni’s book (p. 281ff) offers Kali-Yuga dates such as 509 BC, but from marginal Sanskrit sources which most Western scholars would consider unreliable.
11. On that day, Hindu astrologers gathered for prayer-sessions on hilltops to avert the impending catastrophe; they were moderately successful.
The truly strong evidence for a high chronology of the Vedas is the Vedic information about the position of the equinox. The phenomenon of the “precession of the equinoxes” takes the ecliptical constellations (also known as the sidereal Zodiac, i.e. those constellations through which the sun passes) (12) slowly past the vernal equinox point, i.e. the intersection of ecliptic and equator, rising due East on the horizon. The whole tour is made in about 25,791 years, the longest cycle manageable for naked-eye observers. If data about the precession are properly recorded, they provide the best and often the only clue to an absolute chronology for ancient events. If we can read the Vedic and post-Vedic indications properly, they mention constellations on the equinox points which were there from 4,000 BC for the Rg-Veda (Orion, as already pointed out by B. G. Tilak) (13) through around 3100 BC for the Atharva-Veda and the core Mahabharata (Aldebaran) down to 2,300 BC for the Sutras and the Shatapatha Brahmana (Pleiades). (14) Other references to the constellational position of the solstices or of solar and lunar positions at the beginning of the monsoon confirm this chronology. Thus, the Kaushitaki Brahmana puts the winter solstice at the new moon of the sidereal month of Magha (i.e. the Mahashivaratri festival), which now falls 70 days later: this points to a date in the first half of the 3rd millennium BC. The same processional movement of the twelve months of the Hindu calendar (which are tied to the constellations) vis-a-vis the meterological seasons, is what allowed Hermann Jacobi to fix the date of the Rg-Veda to the 5th-4th millennium BC. (15) Indeed, the regular references to the full moon’s position in a constellation at the time of the beginning of the monsoon, which nearly coincides with the summer solstice, provide a secure and unambiguous chronology through the millennial Vedic literature. It is not only the Vedic age which is moved a number of centuries deeper into the past, when comparing the astronomical indications with the conventional chronology. Even the Gupta age (and implicitly the earlier ages of the Buddha, the Mauryas etc.) could be affected. Indeed, the famous playwright and poet Kalidasa, supposed to have worked at the Gupta court in about 400 AD, wrote that the monsoon rains started at the start of the sidereal month of Ashadha; this timing of the monsoon was accurate in the last centuries BC. (16) This implicit astronomy-based chronology of Kalidasa, about 5 centuries higher than the conventional one, tallies well with the traditional “high” chronology of the Buddha, whom Chinese Buddhist tradition dates to ca. 1100 BC, and the implicit Puranic chronology even to ca. 1700 BC. (17)
These indications about the processional phases may be unreliable insofar as their exact meaning is not unambiguous. To say that a constellation “never swerves from the East” (as is said of the Pleiades in the Shatapatha Brahmana 2:1:2:3) seems to mean that it contains the spring equinox, implying that it is on the equator, which intersects the horizon due East. But this might seem insufficiently explicit for the modern reader who is used to a precise and separate technical terminology for such matters. But then, the modern reader will have to accept that technical terminology in Vedic days mostly consisted in fixed metaphorical uses of common terms. This is not all that primitive, for the same thing will be found when the etymology of modern technical terms is analyzed, e.g. a telescope is a Greek “far-seer”, oxygen is “acid-producer”, a cylinder is a “roller”. The only difference is that we can use the vocabulary of foreign classical languages to borrow from, while Sanskrit was its own classical reservoir of specialized terminology. Another factor of uncertainty is that the equinox moves very slowly (10 in nearly 71 years), so that any inexactness in the Vedic indications and any ambiguity in the constellations’ boundaries makes a difference of centuries. This occasional inexactness might possibly be enough to neutralize the above shift in Kalidasa’s date - but not to account for a shift of millennia (each millennium corresponding to about 14 degrees of arc) needed to move the Vedic age from the pre-Harappan to the post-Harappan period, from 4000 BC as calculated by the astronomers to 1200 BC as surmised by Friedrich Max Müller. On the other hand, it is encouraging to note that the astronomical evidence is entirely free of contradictions. There would be a real problem if the astronomical indications had put the Upanishads earlier than the Rg-Veda, or Kalidasa earlier than the Brahmanas, but that is not the case: the astronomical evidence is consistent. Inconsistency would prove the predictable objection of AIT defenders that these astronomical references are but poetical tabulation without any scientific contents. However, the facts are just the opposite. To the extent that there are astronomical indications in the Vedas, these form a consistent set of data detailing an absolute chronology for Vedic literature in full agreement with the known relative chronology of the different texts of this literature. This way, they completely contradict the hypothesis that the Vedas were composed after an invasion in about 1500 BC. Not one of the dozens of astronomical data in Vedic literature confirms the AIT chronology.
In the Shulba Sutra appended to Baudhayana’s Shrauta Sutra, mathematical instructions are given for the construction of Vedic altars. One of its remarkable contributions is the theorem usually ascribed to Pythagoras, first for the special case of a square (the form in which it was discovered), then for the general case of the rectangle: “The diagonal of the rectangle produces the combined surface which the length and the breadth produce separately.” This and other instances of advanced mathematics presented by Baudhayana have been shown by the American mathematician A. Seidenberg to be the origin of similar mathematical techniques and ‘discoveries’ in Greece and Babylonia, some of which have been securely dated to 1700 BC. So, 1700 BC was a terminus post quem for Baudhayana’s mathematics, which would reasonably be dated to the later part of the Harappan period which ended in ca. 1900 BC. However, Seidenberg was told by the indologists that these Sutras, or any Vedic text for that matter, were definitely written later than 1700 BC. But mathematical data cannot be manipulated just like that, and Seidenberg remained convinced of his case: “Whatever the difficulty there may be [concerning chronology], it is small in comparison with the difficulty of deriving the Vedic ritual application of the theorem from Babylonia. (The reverse derivation is easy)… the application involves geometric algebra, and there is no evidence of geometric algebra from Babylonia. And the geometry of Babylonia is already secondary whereas in India it is primary.” (18) To satisfy the indologists, he said that the Shulba Sutra had conserved an older tradition, and that it is from this one that the Babylonians had learned their mathematics: “Hence we do not hesitate to place the Vedic (…) rituals, or more exactly, rituals exactly like them, far back of 1700 BC. (…) elements of geometry found in Egypt and Babylonia stem from a ritual system of the kind described in the Sulvasutras.” (19) This is then one of those “entities multiplied beyond necessity”: a ritual, annex altar, annex mathematical theory, which is exactly like the Vedic ritual, annex altar, annex mathematical theory, only it is not the Vedic ritual but a thousand or so years older. Let us simplify matters and assume that it was Baudhayana himself who devised his mathematical theories “far back of 1700 BC”. Is there a way to find independent confirmation of this suspicion? Yes, there is: the precession of the equinoxes. In their Vedic Index of Names and Subjects, A. A. MacDonell and A. B. Keith cite the opinion of several philologists about a reference to a solstice in Magha in the Baudhayana Shrauta Sutra (as well as in the Kaushitaki Brahmana 19:3), to which the Shulba Sutra is an appendix. Magha is the asterism around the star Regulus, but the name is used for an entire month (names of months are typically the name of the most prominent one of the two or three asterisms/nakshatras which make up that one-twelfth of the ecliptic), spatially equivalent to a zone of about 300 around that star, so any deduction here must take a fair degree of imprecision into account. The 18th- and 19th-century philologists cited disagree about whether a Magha solstice was in 1181 BC or in 1391 BC. The authors themselves consider it “only fair to allow a thousand years for possible errors”, and settle for a date between 800 BC and 600 BC, “quite in harmony with the probable date of the Brahmana literature”. (20) However, it is very easy to calculate that Regulus, currently at almost exactly 600 from the solstitial axis, was on that axis about 60 x 71 years ago, i.e. in the 23rd century BC, Though we must indeed allow for an inexactitude of up to 150, equivalent to about 1100 years, the Magha solstice described is much more likely to have been in 2200 BC than in 1100 BC, and Keith and MacDonell’s 600 BC is quite beyond the pale. It may have taken place even before the 23rd century BC: maybe only the asterism around Regulus had reached the solstitial axis but not yet the star itself. Most likely, then, this reference to a Magha solstice confirms that the Bra and Sutra literature including the Baudhayana Shrauta Sutra (annex Shulba) dates to the late 3rd millennium BC, at the height of the Harappan civilization. In that case, Seidenberg’s reconstruction of the development and transmission of mathematical knowledge and the astronomical references in the literature confirm each other in placing Baudhayana’s (post-Vedic!) work in the later part of the Harappan period.
At this point, the only defence for the AIT can consist in a wholesale rejection of the astronomical evidence. This can be done in a crude way, e.g. by simply ignoring the astronomical evidence, as is done in most explicitations of the AIT. A slightly subtler approach is to explain it away, as is done by Romila Thapar, who affirms her belief in “the generally accepted chronology that the Rig-Vedic hymns were composed over a period extending from about 1500 to 1000 BC”. When “references to what have been interpreted as configurations of stars have been used to suggest dates of about 4000 BC for these hymns”, she raises the objection that “planetary positions could have been observed in earlier times and such observations been handed down as part of an oral tradition”, so that they “do not constitute proof of the chronology of the Vedic hymns”. (21) This would imply that accurate astronomical data were indeed made from the 5th millennium onwards, and that they were preserved for more than two thousand years, an unparalleled feat in oral traditions. If such a feat is not an indication of literacy and of written records, at the least it supposes a mnemotechnical device capable of preserving information orally, and the one that was available then was verse. So, some poems with the memory-aiding devices of verse, rhythm and tone must have been composed when the information was available first-hand, i.e. close to the time of the actual observation, and those hymns would of course be the Vedic hymns themselves. Otherwise, one has to postulate that the Vedic hymns were composed by borrowing the contents of an earlier tradition of verse, composed at the time when the equinox was observed to be in Orion. In other words, the Rg-Veda contains literal (though unacknowledged) quotations from another hymns collection composed 2,500 years earlier. This is as good as asserting that Shakespeare’s works were not written by Shakespeare, but by someone else whose name was also Shakespeare. However, the point to remember is that even Romila Thapar does not deny that somebody’s actual observation of these celestial phenomena was the source of their description in the Vedas. It is not good enough for those who don’t like this evidence, to object that they are not convinced by these astronomical indications of high antiquity, on the plea that their meaning might be somewhat unclear to us. it is clear enough and undeniable that the Vedic seers took care to mention certain astronomical positions and phenomena. A convincing refutation would therefore require an alternative but consistent (philogically as well as astronomically sound) interpretation of the existing astronomical indications which brings Vedic literature down to a much later age. But so far, such a reading of those text passages doesn’t seem to exist. In no case is there astronomical information which puts the Vedas at as late a date as “generally accepted” by Prof. Thapar and others.
12. The sidereal Zodiac, used in astrology by most Hindu and some Western astrologers, consists of the actually visible constellations on the ecliptic. It is contrasted with the tropical Zodiac, an abstract division of the ecliptic in twelve equal sectors of which the first one starts by definition at the equinox axis. This tropical Zodiac, used by most Western and some Hindu astrologers, is unrelated to the background of constellations (it could be constructed even if the universe consisted only of the sun and the earth); but it does not figure anywhere in the present discussion. As far as we know, the process of abstraction from visible constellations to geometrical sectors took place only in the Hellenistic period, ca. 100 BC, and was unknown to the Vedic seers, though they did know the solstice axis and equinox axis.
13. We are aware that the equinox axis never points exactly towards the constellation Orion, which lies south of the ecliptic; but it is understand a that the relatively starless area between the constellations of Gemini and Taurus was named after the conspicuous constellation Orion which lies nearby on the same longitude.
14. Remark that the second half of the 3rd millennium BC, the high tide of the Harappan cities, is also identified by K. D. Sethna (KarpAsa in Prehistoric India: a Chronological and Cultural Clue, Impex India, Delhi 1981) as the period of the Sutras, the Vedas being assigned to the pre-Harappan period, all on the basis of the evidence of material culture (with special focus on cotton/karpAsa) as attested in the literary and archaeological records. According to Asko Parpola, Indus~Saraswati seal 430 (reasonably datable to the 24th century BC) depicting the Seven Sisters seems to refer to the observation of the Pleiades.
16. “We can, therefore, say that about 2000 years have elapsed since the period of Kalidasa”, according to P. V. Holay: “Vedic astronomy, its origin and evolution”, in Haribhai Pandit et at. : Issues in Vedic Astronomy and Astrology, Rashtriya Veda Vidya Pratishthan & Motilal Banarsidass, Delhi, P. 109.
17. The argument for a higher chronology (by about 6 centuries) for the Guptas as well as for the Buddha has been elaborated by K. D. Sethna in Ancient India in New Light, Aditya Prakashan, Delhi 1989. The established chronology starts from the uncertain assumption that the Sandrokottos/ Chandragupta whom Megasthenes met was the Maurya rather than the Gupta king of that name. This hypothetical synchronism is known as the “sheet-anchor of Indian chronology”. In August 1995, a gathering of 43 historians and archaeologists from South-Indian universities (at the initiative of Prof. K. M. Rao, Dr. N. Mahalingam and Dr. S. D. Kulkarni) passed a resolution fixing “the date of the Bharata war at 3139-38 BC” and declaring this date “to be the true sheet anchor of Indian chronology”.
Apart from the hard evidence, there are a few elements in Hindu astronomical tradition which would not count as evidence all by themselves, but which may gain a new significance when studied in the company of the more solid elements already considered. We will mention four of them: the Saptarshi cycle, the Vedic description of a particular eclipse, cosmic number games in Vedic texts and ritual, and the surprising presence of the Zodiac.
A lesser-known Hindu system of time-reckoning is the Saptarshi cycle of 3600 years (possibly based on the 60-year cycle, see ch. 2. 4. 5. below). At any rate, by the Christian age we find writers who take this concept of a 3600-year cycle literally, and it is hard to either prove or refute that this may have been a much older tradition. The medieval Kashmiri historian Kalhana claimed that the previous cycle had started in 3076 BC, and the present one in AD 525. J. E. Mitchiner has suggested that the beginning of the Saptarshi reckoning was one more cycle earlier, in 6676 BC: “We may conclude that the older and original version of the Era of the Seven Rsis commenced with the Seven Rsis in Krttika in 6676 BC, used a total of 28 Naksatras, and placed the start of the Kali Yuga in 3102 BC. This version was in use in northern India from at least the 4th century BC, as witnessed by the statements of Greek and Roman writers; it was also the version used by Vrddha Garga, at around the start of the Christian era.” (22) This would roughly coincide with the start of the Puranic dynastic list reported by Greco-Roman authors as starting in 6776 BC. Indeed, the Puranic king-list as known to Greek visitors of Chandragupta’s court in the 4th century BC or to later Greco-Roman India-watchers, started in 6776 BC. Pliny wrote that the Indians date their first king, “Liber Pater” (Roman equivalent of Dionysus), to “6,451 years and 3 months” before Alexander the Great (d. 323 BC), while Arrian puts “Dionysus” as head of the dynastic list at 6,042 + 300 + 120 = 6,462 years before Sandrokottos (Chandragupta), to whom a Greek embassy was sent in 314 BC. (23) Both indications add up to a date, give or take a year, of 6776 BC. This would, according to the implicit chronology of Puranic tradition, be the time of Manu’s enthronement, Manu being the Aryan patriarch who established his kingdom in North India after having survived the Flood. One of Manu’s heirs was Ila, ancestress of Yayati, whose five sons became the patriarchs of the “five peoples” who form the ethnic horizon of the Vedas, one of them being Puru; in Puru’s tribe, then, one Bharata started the Bharata clan to which most of the Vedic seers belonged. It so happens that in the 7th millennium BC, the oceans were still in the process of recovering the ground they lost during the ice Age, when the sea level was for thousands of years nearly a hundred metres below the present level. The importance of the Glaciation, which peaked ca. 16,000 years ago, in the reconstruction of Eurasian migration histories can hardly be overestimated. The Channel between Britain and France, with sea bottom at ca. 40 metres, was a walkway until it was inundated again in ca. 6500 BC, when the sea was already more than halfway back to its normal (or at least its present) level. This means that for centuries before and for some more centuries after that time, the sea level was progressively rising. Since large populations had settled in the coastal areas vacated by the receding sea at the beginning of the Ice Age, the progressive melting of the ice-caps led to the progressive flooding of ever higher-situated population centres, for several millennia until perhaps 5,000 BC. One can imagine what would happen if today the sea level would rise a mere 10 metres: densely populated countries like the Netherlands and Bangladesh would get largely submerged, along with major cities like New York and Mumbai, and at least a quarter of the world population would have to move. But that was, for several millennia, the human condition: one after another, low-lying villages had to be abandoned to the rising sea. It must have seemed like a law of nature to them that the sea was forever rising, forcing men to seek higher habitats. And this process was probably continuous only when looked at from a distance, the reality being more like periods of stable sea levels followed by sudden jumps, catastrophes when considered on the scale of a human lifetime. Most probably, that is the origin of the Flood story. (24) The Puranas describe Manu as the leader of mankind after the Flood, and if we apply a realistic average length to the rulerships of the kings mentioned in the Puranic dynastic lists, Manu may have lived in the 7th millennium BC, the time of the rising waters, warranting the suspicion that the Flood story is related to historical events at the end of the ice Age. The myth of Atlantis and other submerged continents probably has a similar origin. The Tamils have a tradition of a submerged land to India’s south, of which the Maledives and Sri Lanka are remaining hilltops: KumArIkhaNDam or, in the parlance of the Madras-based Theosophical Society, Lemuria. The city in which their poets’ academy or Sangam (recorded in the early Christian era, but claimed to be ten thousand years old) was established, was said to have been moved thrice because of the rising waters. Though it is hard to see how poets working at the turn of the Christian era could have a memory of events five millennia older, one cannot dismiss as pure fable a story which tallies neatly with the known geological facts of the rising sea level at the end of the Ice Age. And if such memory was possible, the existence of a system of time-reckoning going back that far is not impossible either. But we must admit that for the time being, this is merely “not impossible”. However, even if we let the Saptarshi cycle start only in 3076 BC, unrelated to Manu and the Flood, this is still hard to reconcile with the theory of an Aryan invasion in the 2nd millennium BC.
For another chronological marker, Rg-Veda 5:40:5-9 describes a solar eclipse. From the description, one can deduce a number of conditions determining the times at which it could have taken place: it was at that site a central, non-total eclipse, which took place in the afternoon on the Kurukshetra meridian, on a given day after the summer solstice, at least in the reading of P. C. Sengupta. Only one date satisfies all conditions, which he calculated as 26 July 3928 BC. (25) We have to add, however, that this calculation stands or falls with the accuracy of the unusual translation of the word brahma as “solstice”. This reading is supported by later scriptural references to the same event, Shankhayana Aranyaka 1:2,18 and Jaiminiya Brahmana 2:404-410. N. S. Rajaram has identified an even more explicit use of brahma in the sense of “solstice”: in Rg-Veda 10:85:35, where brahma is associated with the division of the solar cycle in two halves. (26) Moreover, the astronomical interpretation (e.g. by B. G. Tilak) of Rg-Veda 10:61:5-8, where brahma is the equinox and the fruit of the union between a divine father and daughter, i.e. the two adjoining constellations MRgashira/Orion and Rohini/Aldebaran, if not more abstractly the intersection of two related celestial circles, may be cited in support: equinox is not the same as solstice, but it is at least one of the cardinal directions, a purely astronomical rather than a religious concept; the common meaning of brahma would then be “cardinal direction”. The division of the ecliptic in 4 parts of 900 by the solstice axis and the equinox axis is already obliquely referred to in RV 1:155:6, so the concept of “cardinal direction” was certainly understood. Still, this construction remains sufficiently strange to be a reasonable ground for skepticism. On the other hand, it is up to the skeptics to come up with a convincing alternative translation which fits the context.
A different type of astronomical evidence, not to fix a precise date but to give an idea of the scientific spirit of the Vedic Aryans, is the interpretation of numerical facts about the Vedas as implicit references to astronomical data. If this seems far-fetched, it should be borne in mind that ancient mythology and religion were primarily concerned with the visible heaven-dwellers, i.e. the heavenly bodies. Many myths are nothing but anthropomorphic narrations of celestial phenomena such as eclipses, solstices and equinoxes, the angular relations between the orbiting planets (e.g. the regular overtaking of the planets by the fast-moving moon, therefore imagined by the Greeks as a huntress, Artemis), the analogy between the twelve-month solar cycle and the twelve-year Jupiter cycle, and even the precession. (27) Apart from this figurative representation, there is also a numerical representation of astronomical data in ancient traditions. Thus the Bible, written by a satellite culture of the astronomically astute Babylonians, used the device of enciphering astronomical data in all kinds of contingent numerical aspects of the narrative, e.g. the ages of the antediluvian patriarchs in Genesis turn out to be equal to the sums of the planets’ synodic cycles (period from one conjunction with the sun till the next): Lamech dies at age 777 = 399 (number of days in Jupiter’s synodic cycle) + 378 (Saturn’s); Mahalalel at 895 = 116 + 779 (Mercury: Mars); Yared at 962 = 584 + 378 (Venus + Saturn). Similarly, the symbolism of 12 and 13, referring to the lunar months in a year, is omnipresent in the Bible: 12 sons of Jacob plus 1 daughter; 12 tribes of Israel with a territory plus the 1 priestly tribe of Levi; 12 regular apostles of Jesus plus the one substitute for the traitor Judas, Matthias; the “thirteen-petalled rose” as Talmudic symbol of the Torah. In the past decades, scientists and orthodox religionists have often made fun of attempts to connect religion with science, as in Frithjof Capra’s Tao of Physics and numerous other books. Yet, in ancient religious texts we already see this attempt of religious thinkers to keep up with the latest in science, as outlined above for astronomy. In his Gospel, John takes the trouble of counting the fish caught by the apostle-fishermen in their nets: 153. Number theory was fairly advanced among the Pythagoreans, and some of its remarkable findings were well-known among the educated in the Hellenistic world. They were aware of the unique property of 153: it is equal to the sum of the third powers of its own constituent figures: 1 + 125 + 27. Somehow, John assumed that the religious depth of his text would gain from including some allusions to mathematics. In ancient Pagan civilizations, this fusion of religion and proto-science was the done thing; it was usually the priests who used their leisure to develop scientific knowledge, for they were not troubled by the conflict between faith and religion which would characterize the Christian and Islamic Middle Ages. So in the Vedas as well, we find astronomical data enciphered in all kinds of ways. Thus, the Hindus’ most sacred number 108 is, with an inaccuracy of only 1%, the distance earth-sun expressed in solar diameters (i.e. the radius of the earth’s orbit divided by the sun’s diameter), as well as the distance earth-moon expressed in lunar diameters. Subhash Kak has checked if such numerical combinations as just cited from Genesis also appear in the Vedas. (28) They do, though they are often quite complicated and only obvious to someone well-versed in the idiosyncrasies of the multiple Vedic calendar systems. An easy example is: the number of hymns in books 1, 2, 3 and 4 of the Rg-Veda adds up to 354, the number of days in the Lunar year consisting of 12 moon cycles. Similarly, the total number of hymns in books 4, 5, 6 and 7 is 324, the number of days in the so-called Nakshatra year, being the duration of the sun’s stay in 24 of the 27 lunar mansions. Coincidence? According to Kak: “By adding the hymn counts of the ten books of the Rig-Veda in different combinations, we obtain numbers that are factors of the sidereal periods and the five synodic periods (…) The probability of this happening is about one in a million. Hence whoever arranged the Rig-Veda encoded into it not only obvious numbers like the lunar year but also hidden numbers of great astronomical significance.” (29) This choice of numbers in a cosmically meaningful way is also present in the construction of the Vedic altar, such as the numbers of bricks in each layer being equal to the number of days in given planetary cycles. (30) It involves fairly complicated arithmetic, and shows the kind of concern which the Vedic seers had for the harmony between their own religious practices and the astronomical cycles. That mentality led logically to painstakingly accurate observations and calculations, and thereby supports the suspicion of reliability of the internal Vedic astro-chronology.
To conclude this brief acquaintance with Vedic astronomy, we want to draw attention to the possible presence in the Rg-Veda of a momentous cultural artifact, the origin of which is usually situated in Babylonia in about 600 BC: the twelve-sign Zodiac. In RV 1:164:11, the sun wheel in heaven is said to have 12 spokes, and to be subdivided into 360 pairs of “sons”: the days (consisting of day and night), rounded off to an arithmetically manageable number, also the basis of the “Babylonian” division of the circle in 3600. The division in 12 already suggests the Zodiac, and we also find, in the footsteps of N. R. Waradpande, that a number of the Zodiacal constellations/rAshis (classically conceived as combinations of 2 or 3 successive Lunar mansions or nakshatras of 13020’ each) are mentioned: SiMha/Leo (5:83:3 and 9:89:3), KanyA/Virgo (6:49:7), Mithunal/Gemini (3:39. 3), and VRshabha/Taurus (6:47:5 and 8:93:1). (31) Here again, the precession has located them where we would expect them in about 4000 BC. The VRshabha rAshi is said to have stabilised the heavens with a mighty prop, apparently a reference to the Taurus equinox in the 4th millennium BC; the same verse links the Taurus month with its opposite, Shukra/JyeshTha (coinciding with Scorpio, which contained the autumnal equinox), confirming it least that VRshabha, “bull”, is used here in an astronomical-calendrical sense. That the seasons are linked with the constellation which is “heliacally rising” (i.e. rising just before dawn) is perhaps indicated by RV 8:93:1: “Surya, thou mountest up to meet the vRshabha”, the sun rises as if to meet the constellation which is just above the horizon. We are aware that, like the Chinese, the Hindus link the season to the lunar constellation/nakshatra in opposition, i.e. the one which rises at sunset and may contain the full moon. This approach, if applied to modern astrology, would mean that those who think they are Taurus (sun in Taurus) would become its opposite, Scorpio (sun opposite Scorpio, full moon in Scorpio). By contrast, the Babylonians linked the seasons to the solar constellation/rAshi in heliacal rising. If that method were used in modern astrology, those who consider themselves Taurus (sun in Taurus) would find themselves to be Aries (last constellation to rise before the sun-in-Taurus rises). (32) However, Waradpande’s discovery seems to imply that the Hindus too used the constellation (at least the rAshi, not the nakshatra) in heliacal rising, like the Babylonians did. If in Rg-Vedic astronomy the twelve constellations are not linked to the time of the year when they are heliacally rising, but to the time when they are “inhabited” by the sun (as is the practice in modern Hindu astrology), then the whole story would move up at least a thousand and possibly two thousand years, putting the Rg-Veda in about 2000 BC. This is because the sun is in mid-Taurus a month before Taurus’s heliacal rising, or about 30 of the cycle, a distance covered by the precession of the equinox in about two thousand years. But it is unlikely that they considered the constellation containing the sun rather than the constellation heliacally rising, as astronomy was based on actual observation more than on calculation, and consequently required that the constellation be visible. (33) The constellation temporarily inhabited by the sun is invisible, and that is why the ancients made do with the constellation rising before the one in which the sun is located (heliacal rising), or the one rising when the sun sets, in practice the one inhabited by the full moon (opposition). The difference between the sun, which obscures the constellation it inhabits, and the moon, which is seen against the background of the constellation it inhabits, explains why a moon-based system uses moon-in-constellation or, via full-moon-in-constellation, sun-in-opposition (the full moon being by definition opposite to the sun); while a sun-based system had to make do with a derivative relation between sun and constellation, typically the constellation’s heliacal rising. The implication is that India originally had both systems: a Lunar 27-part Zodiac (nakshatras) using the opposition, exactly like in China (and its derived system of 12 months, based on combinations of 2 or 3 nakshatras and still in use); and a Solar 12-part Zodiac (rAshis) using the heliacal rising, exactly like in Babylonia. The Mithuna rAshi/Gemini is said to destroy darkness and to be basis (budhna) of heat (tapes) (RV 3:39:3). During Gemini’s heliacal rising in 4000 BC, the sun was in Cancer, then coinciding with our month of May, in northern India the first month of summer (May-June), a season of drought and extreme heat. During Leo’s heliacal rising, around summer solstice in 4000 BC, the rainy season began. Therefore, verse 5:83:3 says: “Like the charioteer driving the horse by the whip, he releases the messengers of shower. From afar the roars of the siMha declare that the rain-god is making the sky showering.” It could not be clearer. Leo is followed by Virgo, indicating the second half of the rainy season, when the water level in the rivers rises dramatically: in verse 6:49:7, she is called “the purifier KanyA with ChitrA as her life”, and equated with the river Saraswati, the “waterstream-full”. At this point I must disagree with Waradpande, who takes Saraswati, “waterstream-full,” in its literal meaning, when obviously it is used as the name of the Vedic river. But at least the reference - the reference to ChitrA, the asterism Spica, the most conspicuous part of the constellation Virgo, dispels any lingering doubt that in this context, KanyA/Virgo does indeed mean the sixth constellation of the Zodiac. If this is correct, it means that the Zodiac is as old as the oldest Veda, and that the Zodiac itself helps to date the Vedas to the age when Leo and Virgo were connected with the rainy season. Even if we consider sun-in-Virgo rather than Virgo’s heliacal rising, this would still indicate the centuries around 2000 BC, well before the 1500 BC taught in our universities as the earliest possible date of the Rg-Veda. Either way, it also upsets the current assumption that the Zodiac was invented in Babylon in the last millennium BC.
Off-hand, while trying to give a solid astronomical basis to Vedic chronology, we discover a case of cultural transmission in which India is no longer a rather late receiver but, on the contrary, the extremely ancient source. Indeed, both the solar and the lunar Zodiac may well originate in India. If the Rg-Veda does refer to a 12-part Zodiac, it precedes the Babylonian Zodiac by centuries even in the lowest AIT-based chronology for the Vedas. As for China: in his famous Science and Civilization in China, Joseph Needham notes, again by using the precession as a time marker, that the Chinese 27-part Zodiac dates back to the 24th century BC. (34) He recognizes a common origin with the Hindu nakshatra Zodiac, and then surmises that the Hindus had it from China, on the assumption that the Vedic references to the nakshatras are from 1500 BC at the earliest. But that assumption, a by-product of the AIT, is seriously undermined by all the data we have been considering here. Another indication for Indian influence on Chinese astronomy is the 60-year century, known in Vedic literature (the Brhaspati cycle) and still commonly used in the Chinese calendar. The 6th-century astronomer Aryabhatta reports that he was 23 when the 60th cycle ended, implying that the system was set rolling in 3102 BC. In China, the system was adopted a few centuries later: according to Chinese tradition, it started with the enthronement of the legendary Yellow Emperor in 2697 BC. A stellar myth which was apparently transmitted from India to China is the notion that after death, the souls go to the Scorpio-Sagittarius region of the sky (specifically Phi Sagitarii), where the autumnal equinox was located in the 4th millennium BC. There, they were to be judged by Yama or a similar god of the dead. The influence of Indian astronomy on both China and Babylonia confirms the Vedic-Harappan civilization’s status as the world metropolis in the 4th-3rd millennium BC. In the official cults in imperial China and in Babylon, stellar science, stellar symbolism and stellar worship were central. But the same central place had already been accorded to astronomy in the Vedas, as we have seen here (if only fragmentarily, for numerous Vedic motifs not discussed here are also related to astronomy, e.g. the twelve Adityas or divine children of the sun, Prajapati as personification of the year cycle, etc. ); and also in the culture and religion of the Indus-Saraswati civilization, as Asko Parpola and others have shown. (35) Remark that Parpola often tries to make sense of Harappan data by referring to Vedic data, on the AIT-based assumption that the Aryan invaders integrated Harappan astronomy and religion. (36) This is again a case of multiplying entities without necessity: instead of saying that there are two cultures which happen to share some astro-religious lore, we might assume that these two cultures are one, until proof of the contrary. Parpola’s arguments for a Harappan origin of Vedic and Hindu cultural items, e.g. of astronomy-based nomenclature (names like KRttikA, “of the Pleiades”), are just as much arguments for an identity of Vedic and Harappan. (37) The point to remember is that even Parpola, often cited as an argument of authority by Indian defenders of the AIT, fully acknowledges the continuity between Vedic and Harappan culture. The common emphasis on astronomy in both Vedic and Harappan sources is certainly an indication of their close kinship if not their identity.
24. The worst case was probably the Black Sea, which was a lake during the Ice Age, until some time in the 7th millennium BC. When rising waters in the Mediterranean inundated the dry Bosporus straits and plunged into the Black Sea, the latter rose dramatically, forcing coast-dwellers to flee as much as a mile a day for months on end. Many of them didn’t survive, and entire states (or whatever political units were in existence) were drowned. The fact that the Biblical Flood story has Noah land on Mount Ararat, not far from the Black Sea, may be due (apart from the presence of a boat-like rock formation there) to the memory of the Black Sea flood drama. In most parts of the world, the flooding of coastal villages must have been more gradual.
25. P. C. Sengupta: “The solar eclipse in the Rgveda and the Date of Atri”, Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society of Bengal Letters, 1941/7, p. 92-113, also included in his Ancient Indian Chronology, Calcutta 1947; discussed in K. V. Sarma: “A Solar Eclipse Recorded in the Rgveda”, in Haribhai Pandya et al. , eds. : Issues in Vedic Astronomy and Astrology, Motilal Banarsidass. Delhi 1992, p. 217-224.
32. This remains true whether one uses the Tropical (abstract, solstice/ equinox-based) or the Sidereal (visible, constellation-based) Zodiac, a question which is not really relevant here. The Vedic Zodiac was sidereal, more based on observation than on calculation; the tropical Zodiac apparently dates from the time when sidereal and tropical signs coincided (around the turn of the Christian era), i.e. when the constellation of Aries filled the 300 sector following the spring equinox in the sun-earth cycle, a tropical sector known since then as Aries regardless of the position of the constellation Aries.
The astronomical lore in Vedic literature provides elements of an absolute chronology in a consistent way. For what it is worth, this corpus of astronomical indications suggests that the Rg-Veda was completed in the 4th millennium AD, that the core text of the Mahabharata was composed at the end of that millennium, and that the Brahmanas and Sutras are products of the high Harappan period towards the end of the 3rd millennium BC. This corpus of evidence is hard to reconcile with the AIT, and has been standing as a growing challenge to the AIT defenders for two centuries.
Are you really sure India is really great??? If so such a huge country could have defended itself against gauri , babar chengeis khan and britishers.
We the Indians still can't think beyond our family , clan , job and religion . Even today country is last priority for at least 95% of Indians .
So much division among us Sc/ST / Tribal / Pro maoist post maoist . In some forum I dumbstruck by one question .. If congress is so much corrupt and pseudo secular then why hindus blames 19% muslims . Rest 80% hindus can remove congress from government.. But it will never happen because Indians (I will not say Hindu/Muslims) are fragmented and remain fragmented and congress will reap benifit from it for another 2000 years. I can bet.
1100AD to 19th Century was a very dark age for Indian considering its golden rule from thousands of years. Invasions, looting many such crimes happened.
Ancient India saw the relationship between knowledge of science and technology, with religion and social relations. The archaeological remains of the Indus Valley reveal knowledge of applied sciences. Scientific techniques were used in irrigation, Metallurgy, making of fired bricks and pottery, and simple reckoning and measurement of areas and volumes. Aryan achievements in the field of astronomy, mathematics and medicine are well known. Chinese records indicate knowledge of a dozen books of Indian origin. Brahmagupta's Sidhanta as well as Charaka's and Susrata's Samhitas were translated into Arabic in the 9th or 10th centuries A.D.In ancient Indian mathematics was known by the general name of Ganita, which included arithmetic, geometry, algebra, astronomy and astrology.
It was Aryabhatta, who gave a new direction to trigonometry. The decimal system too was an innovation of India. By the third century B.C. mathematics, astronomy and medicine began to develop separately. In the field of mathematics ancient Indians made three distinct contributions, the notation system, the decimal system and the use of zero. The earliest epigraphic evidence of the use of decimal system belongs to the fifth century A.D. Before these numerals appeared in the West they had been used in India for centuries. They are found in the inscriptions of Ashoka in the third century B.C.Indians were the first to use the decimal system. The famous mathematician Aryabhata (A.D. 476-500) was acquainted with it. The Chinese learnt this system from the Buddhist missionaries, and the western world borrowed it from the Arab as when they came in contact with India. Zero was discovered by Indians in about the second century B.C. From the very beginning Indian mathematicians considered zero as a separate numeral, and it was used in this sense in arithmetic. In Arabia the earliest use of zero appears in A.D. 873. The Arabs learnt and adopted it from India and spread it in Europe. So far as Algebra is concerned both Indians and Greeks contributed to it, but in Western Europe its knowledge was borrowed not from Greece but from the Arabs who had acquired it from India. In the second century B.C. Apastemba contributed to practical geometry for the construction of altars on which the kings could offer sacrifices. It describes acute angle, obtuse angle, right angle etc. Aryabhata formulated the rule for finding the area of a triangle, which led to the origin of trigonometry. The most famous work of his time is the Suryasiddanta the like of which was not found in Contemporary ancient east.
During the Gupta period mathematics was developed to such an extent and more advanced than any other nation of antiquity. Quite early India devised a rudimentary algebra which led to more calculations than were possible for the Greeks and led to the study of number for its own sake. The earliest inscription regarding the data by a system of nine digits and a zero is dated as 595 A.D. evidently the system was known to mathematicians some centuries before it was employed in inscriptions. Indian mathematicians such as Brahmagupta (7th century), Mahavira (9th century) and Bhaskara (12th century) made several discoveries which were known to Europe only after Renaissance. The understood the importance of positive and negative quantities, evolved sound system of extracting squares and cube roots and could solve quadratic and certain types of indeterminate equations. Aryabhata gave approximate value of pie. It was more accurate than that of the Greeks. Also some strides were made in trigonometry, empirical geometry and calculus. Chiefly in astronomy the mathematical implications of zero and infinity were fully realized unlike anywhere in the world. Among the various branches of mathematics, Hindus gave astronomy the highest place of honour. Suryasidhanta is the best know book on Hindu astronomy. The text was later modified two or three times between 500 A.D. and 1500 A.D. The system laid down in the book can even now be used to predict eclipse within an error of two or three hours. The most renowned scholars of astronomy were Aryabhata and Varhamihira. Aryabhata belonged to the fifth century and Varahamihira to the sixth. Aryabhata calculated the position of the planets according to the Babylonian method. He discovered the cause of lunar and solar eclipses. The circumference of the earth which he measured on the basis of the speculation is considered to be correct even now. He pointed out that the sun is stationary and the earth rotates around it. The book of Aryabhata is the Aryabhatiya. Varhimihira's well-known work is called Brihat Samhita which belongs to the sixth century A.D. Varhaihira stated that the moon rotates around the earth and the earth rotates around the earth rotates around the sun. He utilized several Greek works to explain the movement of the planets and some other astronomical problems. Although Greek knowledge influenced Indian astronomy, there is no doubt that Indian pursued the subject further and made use of it in their observations of the planets.Aryabhata wrote a book when he was barely 23 years. Varhmihira of the sixth century wrote a summary of five astronomical books current wrote a summary of five astronomical books current in his time. Brahamagupta of the seventh century A.D. appreciated the value of observation and astronomy and his book was translated into Arabic. One last great scientist was Bhaskara II. One of the chapters in the book Sidhanta Shiromani, dealing with mathematics, is the well-known work of Lilavait.Nevertheless, Indian views on the origin and evolution of the universe was matter of religion rather than of science. The cosmic schemes of Hindus and Jains in fundamentals were the same. All postulated a flat earth although Indian astronomers came to know that this was incorrect early in the Christian era. The idea of flat such remained for religious purposes.
Regarding astronomy proper it was studied as a Vedanta. Its name was Jyotisa. A primitive kind of astronomy was developed mainly for the purpose of settling the dates and times at which periodical sacrifices were to be performed. Several Greek words gained momentum in Sanskrit through knowledge of Greek astronomy. The sixth century astronomer Varahamihira called one of his five astronomical systems as Romaka Sidhanta. It is only western astronomy that introduced in Indian the sign of the Zodaic. The seven-day week, the hour, and several other ideas. Later, Indian astronomers made some advances on the knowledge of the Greeks and passed on their knowledge with that of mathematics via the Arabs to Europe. As early as seventh century, a Syrian astronomer knew of the greatness of Indian astronomy and mathematics. In the field of medicine, Aurveda was the contribution of India. Seven hundred hymns in the Vedas, particularly Atharva Veda, refer to topics of Ayurveda. Indeed, the whole approach was not scientific. The earliest mention of medicines is in the Atharva Veda. As in order ancient societies, the remedies recommended in it are replete with magical charms and spells. Medicine could not develop along scientific lines.
In post-Maurya time India witnessed two famous scholars of the Aurveda, Susrtua and Charaka. In the Susrutasmhita Susruta describes methods of operating contract, stone disease and several other ailments. He mentions as many as 121 implements to be used for operations. For the treatment of disease he lays special emphasis on diet. And cleanliness for Charaka wrote the Charakasamhita in the second century A.D. It is like encyclopedia of Indian medicines. It describes various types of fever, leprosy, hysteria and tuberculosis. Possibly Charaka did not know that some of these are infections. His book contains the names of a large number of plants and herbs which were to be used as medicine. The book is thus useful not only for study of ancient Indian medicine but also for ancient Indian flora and chemistry. In subsequent centuries Indian medicines developed on the lines laid down by Charaka. The Vedic hymns attribute various diseases to demons and spirits and the remedies for hymns prescribing correctly the symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis, and connecting dropsy with heart diseases. However, national medicine began to 800 B.C. Medicine became a regular subject of study at centers like Taxila and Varanasi. The latter specialized in surgery. Susrutasmhita was compiled in the fourth century A.D. Charaka compiled the teachings of two of his predecessors who served at Taxila. Charaka and Susruta's Samhits reached as far as Manchuria through translations in Tibetan and other Asian languages. In the eighth century A.D. these books influenced European medicine as carried over by two Arabs. Charaka Samhita was published as late as 1550 in Arabic.
Despite these achievements, medicine did not make any remarkable strides, for absence of dissection led to ignorance of anatomy and physiology. Indians were equally aware of the functions of internal organs such as lungs and brain. Surgery of some kind was even during the Vedic period. It was only from the time of Susruta that surgery came to occupy an important place in medicine. Surgical operations were performed like taking the fetus out of the womb, including caesarian, section, treatment of fistula, removal of stone from bladder and plastic surgery for the nose. Despite the developments as the above in medicine, ancient Indian doctors, in general had no knowledge of the functions of brain, although they knew the importance of the spinal cord and the existence of nervous system. Once again social taboos stood in the way of the growth of medical knowledge. It was a taboo to touch dead bodies. Despite the fact that the physiological knowledge of ancient Indians was very poor, Indians evolved empirical surgery. They knew bone-setting, plastic surgery and surgeons in ancient India were experts is repairing noses, ears and lips lost, or injured by mutilation. The physician was a respectable member of society as the Vaidyas were ranked higher in the hierarchy. Even to this day the rules of professional behaviour laid down in medical tests are almost the same as those of Hippocrates. Of course, some statements at one place state that the Physicians should not betray the patients and should be always of pleasant speech. In this context, he pleads that every day they must pray on rising and going to bed, since the work of the welfare of the all beings specially cows.
Regarding physics, it was closely linked with religion and theology and it even differed from sect to sect. Almost all religions believed that the universe consisted of elements like earth, air, water, and akasa (ether). Most schools maintained that there were as many types of atoms as there were elements. Some Buddhists conceived atom as the minutes object capable of occupying space but also as occupying the minutest possible duration of time coming into being and vanishing almost in an instant only to be succeeded by another atom caused by the first. This somewhat resembles the quantum theory of Planck. The Vaisesika School believed a single atom to be a point in space completely without magnitude. Further, most of the schools believed that atoms constitute molecules. However, the Indian atomic theories were not based on experiment but intuitive logic. The great theologian Sankara strongly argued against their existence. Beyond this knowledge of atoms, physics in India did not develop much. However, in the science of acoustics, India made real discovers. Based on experience for this correct recitation on Vedas, the human era was highly trained for the phonetic study - distinguished musical tones far closer than those of other ancient musical systems much earlier than other civilization.
Regarding chemistry and metallurgy too, some progress was made in ancient times. The Harappans developed metallurgy of copper and bronze about 2500 B.C. The Vedic Aryans tanned leather, fermented grains and fruits, and dyed scale production of copper, iron and steel, brass, silver and gold and their alloys. Indian steel was highly esteemed in the ancient world and it was exported in large quantities. Tin and mercury were imported and worked. And from the seventh century, alchemy was referred to in literature. The medical chemistry of ancient India did succeed in producing many important alkalis, acids and metallic salts. It is claimed by Bashama that ancient Indians ever discovered a form of gun powder. The coming of middle ages, Indian chemists, like their counterparts in the rest of the world, became increasingly interested in a specific remedy for all diseases, the source of perpetual youth, and even the surest means to salvation. Although they could not make precious metals, they could understand the chemistry of metallic salts. The heights attained by Indians in metallurgy and engineering are borne out by the almost pure copper stature of Buddha found at Sultanganj and the famous iron Pillar at Mehrauli (Delhi which has been able to withstand rain and weather for centuries without rusting).
nest garage door monitor nest thermostat lighting control camera system and garage door monitoring we not only sell these all these systems we use them daily garage door repair sarnia.
Pepe Chapuzas had drawn a silhouette that looked like the cat of the tangram. If green dots represent points with integer coordinates......
It is time to strengthen our international solidarity! The only way to Victory is through Unity. Solidarity is Holy. Show your solidarity NOW! Sign the Petition, spread the Word, Mobilise, TOGETHER WE ARE A FORCE! Isolated, we are easy victims. Any person on this world counts. You are asked to be a Part of HUMAN LIBERATION, which starts now, with you and for
Connecting with Accounting Tutors at Marinello School of Beauty-San Rafael is easy on Uloop.com. Browse for Marinello School of Beauty-San Rafael Accounting Tutors and more in and around San Rafael, CA. You can check out Accounting Tutors listings from Marinello School of Beauty-San Rafael students and profiles from local San Rafael residents. To make things easier, you can narrow your Marinello School of Beauty-San Rafael Accounting Tutors search down using filters to refine results and enhance your tutor search experience. Share relevant Marinello School of Beauty-San Rafael Accounting tutors with Marinello School of Beauty-San Rafael classmates to make the tutor search process even faster for them. Utilize Uloop.com to find Marinello School of Beauty-San Rafael Accounting tutors today!
Tour our campus. Chat with current students, professors and advisors. Learn about our admissions process, Guaranteed Transfer Program and how you can save thousands of dollars on your University...
Join us for a 10-week American Sign Language class that is open to participants of all levels. Those new to American Sign Language will learn about introductions, finger-spelling, Deaf culture,...
Interior, Pisos De Alquiler En Coslada was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Pisos De Alquiler En Coslada has viewed by 91231 visitor.
Interior, Fuentes De Jardin Pequenas was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Fuentes De Jardin Pequenas has viewed by 64366 visitor.
Interior, Horario Oficinas Cajamar was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Horario Oficinas Cajamar has viewed by 40654 visitor.
Interior, Mesas Marmol Para Comedor was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Mesas Marmol Para Comedor has viewed by 95878 visitor.
Interior, Como Se Cocina A La Plancha was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Como Se Cocina A La Plancha has viewed by 65377 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Guadalupe Boiro was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Muebles Guadalupe Boiro has viewed by 5677 visitor.
Interior, Oficinas Union Fenosa Madrid was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Oficinas Union Fenosa Madrid has viewed by 37133 visitor.
Interior, Pisos De Alquiler En Terrassa was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Pisos De Alquiler En Terrassa has viewed by 32255 visitor.
Interior, Stone Age Juego De Mesa was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Stone Age Juego De Mesa has viewed by 67507 visitor.
Interior, Pisos Alquiler Santurtzi was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Pisos Alquiler Santurtzi has viewed by 59489 visitor.
Interior, Azulejos Cocina Modernos was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Azulejos Cocina Modernos has viewed by 12904 visitor.
Interior, Leroy Merlin Sillas Jardin was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Leroy Merlin Sillas Jardin has viewed by 31702 visitor.
Interior, Estores Enrollables Cocina was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Estores Enrollables Cocina has viewed by 5309 visitor.
Interior, Oficina De Derechos Humanos was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Oficina De Derechos Humanos has viewed by 53893 visitor.
Interior, Pisos Alquiler Santpedor was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Pisos Alquiler Santpedor has viewed by 43651 visitor.
Interior, Taburetes De Cocina Conforama was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Taburetes De Cocina Conforama has viewed by 83761 visitor.
Interior, Cuartos De Bano Elegantes was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Cuartos De Bano Elegantes has viewed by 28614 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Bano Ikea Precios was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Muebles Bano Ikea Precios has viewed by 45871 visitor.
Interior, Decoracion Pared Con Fotos was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Decoracion Pared Con Fotos has viewed by 95674 visitor.
Interior, Guillotina Para Oficina was posted June on this site by Lubki.net. More over Guillotina Para Oficina has viewed by 12285 visitor.
But thanks to her crazy, over-protective father, Annie Roth is way behind schedule. Good thing it’s her first semester of college, because Annie is more than ready to start checking off items. . .
Where it gets complicated? Ryan and Chris. Best friends. Both sweet, funny, totally hot, and totally into Annie.
I closed my eyes when my head started to spin. “Have a first date, a first kiss, smoke a cigarette, get a fake ID, go skinny dipping. Have sex.”
When I opened my eyes, Ryan was staring at me. My heart pounded. He was so close I could feel the heat radiating off his body. It made the blood sizzle in my veins.
“All that before you turn twenty?” he whispered. I nodded and his eyes went over my face, lingering on my lips. “How long do you have?”
My heart pounded in my ears, drowning out the ocean and the wind. Even the music from the party. “A year. I turn nineteen September fifth.”
“Four before tonight.” My heart pounded even faster, and I inhaled sharply. His eyes were still on my lips and it made my brain even fuzzier than the alcohol. “Now I can cross off getting drunk, and Cami says we’re going to stay out all night.”
I shook my head and blinked a few times when my temples pounded. “I don’t have anything to compare it to.”
Kate L. Mary is a stay-at-home mother of four and an Air Force wife. She grew up in a small town just north of Dayton, Ohio where she and her husband met at the age of twelve. Since their marriage in 2002, they have lived in Georgia, Mississippi, South Carolina, and California.
Kate enjoys any post-apocalyptic story - especially if zombies are involved - as long as there is a romantic twist to give the story hope. Kate prefers nerdy, non-traditional heroes who can make you laugh to hunky pieces of man-meat, and her love of wine and chocolate is legendary among her friends and family. She currently resides in Oklahoma with her husband and children.
Be sure to check out her bestselling BROKEN WORLD series, which is a top 100 book in dystopian and post-apocalyptic fiction on Amazon.
Aria Kane is a recovering mechanical engineer and romance writer. As a military brat, she grew up all over the country, but now lives in sunny Florida with a 60 lb mutt who thinks he's a chihuahua.
Elegant Kitchen Cabinets IKEA and Gray Kitchen Cabinets Gray Kitchen Cabinets Ikea Youtube – From the thousand photographs on the net with regards to kitchen cabinets IKEA, we picks the top libraries using ideal resolution 480×360 pixels simply for you all, and this photographs is usually among graphics libraries in our finest graphics gallery with regards to Kitchen Cabinets IKEA. I really hope you may want it.
This image (Elegant Kitchen Cabinets IKEA and Gray Kitchen Cabinets Gray Kitchen Cabinets Ikea Youtube) above is classed using:placed by means of admin in September, 20 2017. To determine all graphics throughout Kitchen Cabinets IKEA graphics gallery you need to abide by choosing the Kitchen category at the bove of the page.
This is a placeholder page for Avery Rackley, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Avery Rackley.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Avery Rackley. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Avery Rackley. We created this page automatically in hopes Avery Rackley would find it. If you are not Avery Rackley, but are an alumni of Lovejoy High School Hampton, GA, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Lovejoy High School	of Hampton, Georgia
Devastatingly diagnosed with breast cancer at the young age of 35, then-interior designer and mother of...
From the stage to the breakout rooms, our MASTERS put on an absolutely incredible show for our attendees at FUTURE.LOVE in Las Vegas. We…
We’re so proud to announce that we’ll be re-working the packaging on our square-shaped bottles to be made from 100% recycled ocean waste plastic….
This year’s Melbourne Fashion Week opened with Town Hall’s first runway, presented by David Jones, with hair directed by Kevin Murphy and our team…
City Of Kapolei Urban Design Plan is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
An interest in design and construction are important for a career in the popular field of civil engineering
Civil engineers are involved with the design, development and construction of a huge range of projects in the built and natural environment. Their role is central to ensuring the safe, timely and well-resourced completion of projects in many areas.
Liaising with clients, you will plan, manage, design and supervise the construction of projects. You'll work in a number of different settings and, with experience, could run projects as a project manager.
Here is the other video we filmed live at the Kringloop / Second Hand shop in Zwolle, Netherlands last November (find the first one here.).
Thanks Patrick and everyone at InDeKringloop for their work on this. You should totally check out the the rest of their videos!
Hi there!! Spring is here, but I'm still talking about yarn! I hope you don't mind it but I'm going to show you a very, veeee...
She gets her pussy fucked, gives head and teases man with amazing juicy ass Tags: Busty lesbians doing ass licking.
Mobile Version Upload Video. Silicone tits fuck. Hot Animal Porn Hot blooded brunette strips down to their panties and show off their perfect round asses. Ass to pussy licking lesbians in bed. Lesbian big tits and ass porn. Teen Pond Tube She is ready for interracial yoga with white horny guy Tags: They get anally fingered and then take his dick in their buttholes by turns Tags: Lesbian duo lick pussies and asses. My Hairy Lady Nevid Porn Tube Gracie Glam and Emma Heart are proud of their nice booties Tags: Fap18 HD Tube - Porn videos has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Moms Try Sons Tnt Porn Tube Instant Teens Tube Keiran Lee bangs her ass rough showing no mercy in the middle of the bed Tags: Lesbians doing pussy torture and ass licking. Tanned brunette lesbian getting her tight ass licked. Lesbian big tits and ass porn. She displays her butt in the sun by the pool and then again indoors. We can not guarantee, your history won't be accidentally erased, unless you have an account.
She admires her bare booty and gets his nice dick sucked by passionate babe in the locker room before she takes it in her hot pussy doggy style Tags: Biker Foxes Tube All Videos Us Lesbian analacrobats licking and sucking ass dildos.
Hot blooded brunette strips down to their panties and show off their perfect round asses. Watch Alexis Texas and Liz shake their wet big butts naked in the pool outdoors and then bounce up and down on hard cocks indoors Tags: Teen Legal Porn Sign In Sign Up. Thats the start for lesbian threesome sex! Slutty Ass Licking Lesbians with Toys. Two candid lesbians ass and twat licked each other. Wiz 69 Videos Horny lesbians licking ass and sucking a cock.
Jasson Melo pictured was thrown in jail by Justice Robert Mandelbaum. This guy is trying to outsmart me, but I can tell he has something hiding under the blankets. On July 4th, it's Sex Dependance Day. The naked girls latch on to his cock and balls, one of them sucking and stroking his dick while the other licks and sucks his balls. The Delhi Police on Tuesday denied the allegations, saying that the towel-clad man, accused in over two dozen criminal cases, was trying to resist arrest when his towel slipped off.
As you sow so shall you reap so goes a phrase. It means you deeds be it good or bad will repay you. Therefore, when you hire specialists for the web design, you essentially give your business a unique advantage. For instance, your website is your face on the virtual world and does the talking for you there. Again, with the internet revolution and smartphone penetration around the world, accessibility on the move has been steadily rising. According to a study, more and more people around the world are accessing internet cum websites through smartphones. As a matter of fact, responsive design development for your site has become a necessity. In other words, the design development by specialists for your site has become an integral part of your marketing endeavour.
Fast and reliable: You are in the virtual world and thus, you are vulnerable to the worldwide competition. Hence, your site must be fast and reliable (palpably 100% up time) with a view to accommodating the online visitors round the clock. Unless your site is reliable and fast, it will fail to attract both domestic and global traffic to your site. Thus, your competition will have an advantage in the market. A study reveals that a website must be fully loaded within a second to retain the visitors.
Security: Visitors are registered with your site after sharing some of their personal data such as address, debit/credit card number and its issuing authority, expiry etc. to name a few. It is, therefore, your obligation to keep their identity and other private information secret. In other words, your web design must be secured enough with the application of the latest encryption technology.
Content development: Content is the king today and it does the talking for you online. Therefore, your site must have a sound content strategy that would incite visitors to spend more time there.
Link building: Activities like link building, tagging, and meta tags writing are all important with a view to optimising ranking on the search engine results. Therefore, a partner for web designing must have hands-on experience here.
Keyword stuffing: The starting of algorithms like Google Panda and Google Hummingbird has mandated the presence of keywords in the content for the purpose of ranking in the search engine results.
Experiential zone creation: Uploading audio and video files on your site, your make your website SEO friendly. In other words, your partner for the web design must be able to create engaging content for the online visitors and this, in turn, will create opportunities to scale new heights.
Landing page development: While developing a website, you must take all possible care with a view to attracting customers at the first sight. Since the landing page is the one where an online visitor lands up, it is important to develop an attractive page design.
Conversion rate: Unless you are able to cash the conversion, there’s no point of spending the money online!
Therefore, set your priorities right with a view to embarking on the journey to excellence in web designing.
Skip to content Home. I am very mild, charming, caring and loving pussy kitten. Your email address will not be published.
Polaris Music Prize announced the winning albums for the 2018 Slaight Family Polaris Heritage Prize today.
The winners were chosen from four short lists, each representing a different musical era, and were curated by a Heritage Prize jury of music historians and music media. Two winners for each era were chosen — one by public vote and one by the jury. Voting opened at the Polaris Music Prize Gala on September 17, 2018 and ended on October 18.
These will be the second albums from Neil Young and Rush to receive Heritage Prize designation. All other acts are receiving their first such recognition.
“Congratulations to all the winning artists. You’ve created important memorable recordings that have had a lasting impact on the musical landscape. I have tremendous appreciation for the work that has gone into creating these timeless albums,” said Gary Slaight, President and CEO of Slaight Communications.
“Re:Sound is honoured to be part of the Polaris Heritage Prize for a second straight year,” said Ian MacKay, Re:Sound’s president. “Each of these albums speaks to the strong and long lasting effect of music. Spanning over four distinct eras and across all genres, the Heritage Prize is a testament to Canada’s best and reminds us why we passionately do the work we do to help ensure a thriving and sustainable music industry in Canada. Congratulations to all of this year’s winners!”
“Our Heritage Prize jurors listened to dozens of classic Canadian albums and tried to imagine which ones would have made it onto a short list in the four pre-Polaris eras,” said Mary Dickie, the Heritage Prize jury foreperson. “They weighed innovation, musicianship, lasting influence and general brilliance and came up with this list of outstanding albums that reflect the remarkable diversity and genius of Canadian musicians. Thanks to all the winners for your timeless work.”
The Office of Gilbert Li, who curated the 2018 Polaris Music Prize posters and the posters for the 2017 Heritage Prize, will return to curate eight new artists to pay tribute to the winning records.
Four upcoming episodes of the Polaris Podcast will be dedicated to exploring the significance of these eight Heritage Prize albums.
The records that did not get selected as winners will remain on the short lists for the 2019 Heritage Prize. The Heritage jury will add two additional records for each era.
Records are selected for the Heritage Prize in accordance with existing Polaris criteria; to honour and reward artists who produce Canadian music albums of distinction without regard to musical genre or commercial popularity.
We acknowledge the financial support of FACTOR, the Government of Canada through the Department of Canadian Heritage (Canada Music Fund) and of Canada's Private Radio Broadcasters.
The Polaris Music Prize is a not-for-profit organization that annually honours and rewards artists who produce Canadian music albums of distinction. A select panel of music critics judge and award the Prize without regard to musical genre or commercial popularity. Our Polaris Podcast explores the rich and intriguing stories behind these albums and is available via iTunes, Google Play, Spotify and other distributors. polarismusicprize.ca
Slaight Music was started in 2011 with a mandate to support the Canadian Music community through a variety of initiatives, and to develop Canadian talent via strategic partnerships with industry peers. www.slaightmusic.com
Re:Sound is the Canadian not-for-profit music licensing company that advocates for music creators, educates music users, licenses businesses and distributes royalties to creators - all to help build a thriving and sustainable music industry in Canada.www.resound.ca
November! - [image: November desktop calendar 2018] Time to change your desktop calendar. Click on the image below to download from there:
Zookeeper Prism ABC Quilt - I ordered this Zookeeper Prism ABC panel the second I saw it! I had no plans for it, but I was hoping I would be able to cut it up and use it like I di...
Cricut Sewing – 20 Reasons you need the Cricut Maker! + Cricut Maker vs. Explore Air 2 - This post is sponsored by Cricut. Over the last year and a little bit, the Cricut Maker has become an essential part of my sewing and creating process. I...
Making Magazine Issue 6: Black & White Making Bag - If you haven’t heard, the newest issue of Making Magazine just made its debut! This is issue number 6 and The post Making Magazine Issue 6: Black & White...
Traveler's Notebook- October Calendar - Happy October! For more journaling posts, check out the *Seaweed Kisses Patreon *page. There you'll get access to exclusive content like private journal p...
Hexie Sewing & Farmer's Wife blocks - Happy Sunday Peeps! It has been a very long time since I posted here. Instagram has been my preferred method of sharing projects these days due to tim...
Hello again - Hello lovely bloggy friends, its been such a long time since I popped by here, I hope you are all fine and dandy, life just seems to be flying by and I c...
NEW V and Co Ombre Patterns and Sale - Hi There! Long time no talk! We've been a little busy over here! I graduated from college (yep! In Psychology, no I'm not currently going to work in this f...
Winter Tales Blog Tour - Hello, Stitchers! Today is an exciting day because I get to share a beautiful new wintery fabric collection that was designed by my talented and sweet frie...
La Invisible and superheroínas - [spanish below/ español abajo] Almost 2 months ago I moved again. Actually I came back, to beautiful Malaga, where I felt very well from the very first mom...
New wall hanging macrame - It has been a very long time, more than two years since my last post here. I am not crafting so much lately, unfortunately. A few weeks ago, though I made ...
Multilevel flower pot with Little Bierdie - Hey everyone . I have make it to Little Birdie crafty team ! Today I have My first Mother's day post in this year. I started erlier this year to make it...
First formed in 1961 in a local farmer’s field, The Josephburg Riding Club (JRC) prides itself in being a very family-oriented organization with emphasis on having fun and riding safely at the events, and often serves families that have three generations riding at the gymkhanas at the same time, with riders as young as 2 years old and others into their 60’s and beyond. The club’s primary activity is to organize and produce gymkhana events for its members and guest riders, but it also works to encourage positive horsemanship and sportsmanship, proper equine husbandry and management, and youth involvement in the agricultural and equestrian communities.
The membership fee is $65 for a family and $45 for a single individual. This fee covers all gymkhanas and includes an annual membership with The Josephburg Agricultural Society. Guest riders may participate in a single gymkhana for a fee of $10 / person. Some activities , such as clinics or The Versatility Challenge, may have additional fees, but these events are optional.
As an affiliate member of the Edmonton Gymkhana Association, JRC follows all EGA Rules. Rule Books are available at any JRC event, and members are always happy to help new participants understand the patterns, however, the basics that you will need to know your first time out include:
All riders under 18 years of age must wear an ASTM approved helmet while mounted anywhere on the grounds
All riders must wear a cowboy hat or helmet, and will incur a time penalty if the hat / helmet is lost during the pattern
JRC members who wish to compete for the opportunity to qualify for EGA Finals must ride in a minimum of 3 gymkhanas and pay a recording fee of $3 per gymkhana.
© 2016 by SEEK Professionals, LLC. a sister company of Trunks Black Jachuey Pack Jack 5 amp; Jones Pants wqXBz0U.
Marketing Management, Human Resources Management, Accounting, Finance Management, Sales, Account Management and Property Management.
Sales, Account Management, Marketing, Management Training, Customer Support, Finance, Administrative
Agriculture, Construction, Power Generation, Food Processing, Packaging, Special Machinery, Consumer Products and Paper Industries.
“Working with Amy Christ was one of the best moves of my career. She was by far the most professional recruiter I’ve spoken with. Not only did she give me an interview in a place local to me and that most suited my interests and experience, but also gave me a lot of information about the company that really helped me in the interview.
Amy also did an amazing job of debriefing and informing me of what the plans and procedures are after the interview. She is very friendly and helpful and I would recommend her to anyone.
Night and rain and neon lights. This short noirsical follows Jack Andrews, a private eye, and his many bad ideas—particularly with a certain femme fatale named... Jill.
This study reports the spread of 2 major invasive subterranean termite species (Isoptera: Rhinotermitidae) in metropolitan southeastern Florida: Coptotermes formosanus Shiraki and C. gestroi (Wasmann). Termite records from 1990 to 2015 were analyzed to determine the expansion of their distribution. Our results suggest that the ranges of their distribution have increased exponentially during this time frame. This observation raises concerns about potential structural damage in this urbanized area, which includes 6 million residents. The risk to structures located in an area with known Coptotermes infestation increased from 0.49% in 2000 to 7.3% in 2015, with some species distributional overlap. In addition, several localities that had Coptotermes records before 2000 have registered an increased density of termite infestation and swarming activity. We argue that the subterranean termite problem in metropolitan southeastern Florida is still in its early phase of invasion, and we predict that the distribution and structural infestations by Coptotermes will continue to increase in the years to come, with an estimated 50% of all structures in southeastern Florida at risk by 2040.
Densities of plant-parasitic nematodes were compared on six crops grown for forage during the summer of 1991 at seven sites in north central Florida. The cropping treatments were 'Howard' soybean (Glycine max), 'Deltapine 105' soybean, velvetbean (Mucuna deeringiana), 'California Blackeye #5' cowpea (Vigna unguiculata), 'Pioneer 3098' tropical corn (Zea mays), and 'Asgrow Chaparral' sorghum (Sorghum bicolor). Highest final densities (Pf) of Meloidogyne incognita and Criconemella spp. were obtained following corn or sorghum at most sites. The lowest Pf of M. incognita occurred after velvetbean at all seven sites, but Pf after cowpea were equivalent to Pf after velvetbean at four of seven sites. Cultivar choice is critical in planning rotations to suppress M. incognita because results obtained here and elsewhere have shown great differences among sorghum and cowpea cultivars. The Pf of Pratylenchus spp. were lowest following velvetbean at four of seven sites. There were no differences in densities of Paratrichodorus minor among crops, but populations increased at a greater rate if initial density (Pi) was low. Multiplication rates (Pf/Pi) of most nematode species on most crops varied inversely with Pi. An accurate impression of nematode multiplication and host status could not be obtained unless a range of Pi was examined. Key words: corn, cover crop, cowpea, Criconemella ornata, Criconemella sphaerocephala, crop rotation, cropping system, Glycine max, nematode, Meloidogyne incognita, Mucuna deeringiana, Paratrichodorus minor, Pratylenchus brachyurus, Pratylenchus scribneri, sorghum, Sorghum bicolor, soybean, velvetbean, Vigna unguiculata, Zea mays.
new class launches tomorrow on Creativebug! - I have a brand new class launching tomorrow on Creativebug! This one is 30 days of flowers. New content, new techniques. (Not in depth like Painting Petals...
Joy Fabric Tour - Hey there! I'm here today to share this oh so pretty fold over clutch I sewed up using fabric from Tamara Kate's newest line for Michael Miller Fabrics, ...
First painting in 2018 - Hello dear, it have been a while I have not do any posting on this blog. Creativity comes in seasons. There’s a time to harvest your ideas. And there’s ...
Milo is Four! - How did this tiny, newborn baby... [image: photo milo is born_zpsxyqqjizm.jpg] ...turn into this adorable one year old... [image: photo milo is 1_zpsaesnido...
la-xxx.com is automatic adult search engine using spider script for finding free Turkey porn tube clips. We refuse owning, producing or hosting any adult Turkish videos, and all clips that you see at the site are nothing but links leading to adult content owned by other websites that are not under our control. All thumbnails are generated by the system from the adult videos.
If any part of this web site (which is under continuous construction) does not work as you expect, then please contact the Webmaster.
Below you will find links to the results. On the navigation buttons on the left you will find links to photographs from the shows.
Salton Sea of the Midwest - 2017 - Two years ago Jeff and I discovered a place we'd come to call "The Salton Sea of the Midwest". We've visited there numerous times since *(I've linked all...
Earth to anti union rethug dumbasses: Cheap refs = bad calls. What do you think cheap teachers will get ya?
The first beta of Lubuntu has been released. There're minor changes in look'n'feel, but a lot of improvements here and there. So, what's new?
Please note that Lubuntu Natty is based on Ubuntu Natty, same warning apply : "Pre-releases of Natty are *not* encouraged for anyone needing a stable system or anyone who is not comfortable running into occasional, even frequent breakage. They are, however, recommended for Ubuntu developers and those who want to help in testing, reporting, and fixing bugs."
The 10.10 artwork is much better. The new theme is blue a lot :s I confess that I hated, I still using lubuntu 10.04, great success of Distrowatch, but now..each version I only see tangible the new artwork and fewer applications like cheese.
I can not install new versions on my netbook (hd 2gb only) and the new versions do not have more programs in relation to the first version (10.04) so I do not understand because the installation requires 3,2gb and Ubuntu, 2.6gb. Hugs and do not give!!!
Well..We're all wainting.. Maybe I use now eXPress-linux 2011, an ubuntu-based too, LXDE but with adeskbar, emesene, skype, a software center and requieres only 1,4gb, not 3,2gb [..] And is very fast.
As Lubuntu isn't yet an official flavour of Ubuntu, we have a similar but not identical release cycle (we do our best). The release schedule is this:
eXPress-linux 2011 is based on Ubuntu Maverick; Lubuntu 11.04 is based on Natty (with a different core packages). The install requierements may differ from one version to the next one, even in xPRess-linux, which is, anyway, a great distro.
Well, it's not public released yet, but yes. But I don't recommend download it because Julien is optimizing the ISO. It can produce checksum errors right now.
Archive October (1) September (4) August (5) July (2) June (1) May (2) April (2) March (3) February (4) January (3) December (2) October (2) September (3) August (4) July (5) June (2) May (5) April (4) March (7) February (5) January (2) December (4) November (2) October (6) September (4) August (3) July (6) June (3) May (1) April (3) March (2) February (1) January (2) December (1) November (1) October (5) September (3) August (3) July (2) June (4) May (5) April (11) March (5) February (3) January (4) December (1) November (1) October (4) September (3) August (4) July (4) June (3) May (3) April (4) March (1) February (1) January (6) December (5) November (5) October (6) September (6) August (5)
For those who want to rescue a very old machine maybe Ubiquity installer is too heavy and full featured. So we're testing a new text bas...
First of all, my apologies for disappear due to personal reasons (went out for a few days). But it's here, Lubuntu 14.04 codename Trusty...
Can you believe Linux is celebrating 24 years already? It was on this day, August 25, back in 1991 when a young Linus Torvalds made his now...
The default icon theme, Box, has reached another completion hit, version 0.41 is one of the most all-covered and complete icon themes over t...
Due to popular demand, and celebrating we're at version 0.38, here's the Box icon theme for any Linux system. So if you want to inst...
It's finished. A new PPA is available for Comtpon, the lightweight compositing manager. Thanks to cchj and Richard Grenville we have...
Lubuntu 12.04 Precise Pangolin is finaly here. Download it while hot. Features: Based on the lightweight LXDE desktop environment ...
The traditional Samhein (Halloween) wallpapers are here! This time we celebrate the Wily Werewolf cycle and, of course, a Celtic themed one...
Adventure awaits - target dry Growing up we spent most of our days off at the Moors. We would go hiking, scrambling up rocks and trees and play in the streams for hours a...
I am moving! - Hello! It's been a while since I posted something here and this is because I will no longer write this blog here :) I am moving into different platform and ...
Go back to reality.... - Hey guys ! It was sooo empty here , but i really had a reason. The longest vacation ever ! I think that's really good reason, and the awesome one . I had b...
Secret Garden - New from Layla Amber - Layla Amber is one of my favourite handmade brands and I was super excited to see Layla has added another beautiful collection to her designs. (Then a litt...
October 23, 2009 5:00PM: Achilles - A few nice animal protection images I found:October 23, 2009 5:00PM: AchillesImage by Barbara.DodukFIV CATSwww.rapsociety.com/catsanctuary05/06/2009 6:25 P...
Week 18 | Recreate Wallpaper Pattern - Prompt: Recreate fabric or wallpaper. Annetta | I had a hard time finding something cute to recreate, but did find something fun finally. I love the colo...
JDS Consulting is a lot more than just telecommunications parts. We are a full service telecommunications services provider. As we've worked with our clients, they've asked us to do more for them above and beyond what they initially contacted us for. We're always happy to help!
One area where we get asked for help is multimedia recording solutions for clients who have Contact Centers. Depending on the industry, Contact Centers may need to record for legal compliance, information validation, QA or security. As a result, JDS researched solutions in the marketplace and became an authorized Cacti partner and reseller.
Contact Centers today are being asked to interact with customers via more and more mediums such as audio, fax, web and email. This gives their companies competitive advantages in the marketplace, while increasing the complexity of managing performance, efficiency, validation of information and the protection of your company's assets. Cacti's software is designed to enable companies to optimize their customer satisfaction, training, and overall quality assurance environment. By capturing information from any one of these valuable mediums, companies are able to generate additional revenue opportunities, improve profitability, enhance customer retention and achieve greater customer intimacy.
Claypool Wholesale Trade | Wholesale Trade in Claypool, AZ | Your Claypool Wholesale Trade | Wholesale Trade in Claypool, AZ Directory, Find Claypool Wholesale Trade | Wholesale Trade in Claypool, AZ companies in your area
Welcome to my dollmaking journal. I write doll stories, share tips on this creative journey and so much more. Hope you enjoy your visit!.
Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates on what I am up to. Once you enter your information, make sure to confirm subscription and Manage your Preferences to receive the emails.
Thank you! You should receive an email from me shortly, please MAKE SURE to click on “Manage your Preferences” where you can opt-in for Stitchy Notes, and click on receiving Emails. Thank you kindly!.
I know I said a while back that I was going to dye my hair, but after all the tips and advice everyone heaped upon me, I decided against it. I wanted to go lighter and that sounded like too much maintenance. I'm all for fighting the frump with a fresh hair color, but not when I have to, like, fork over the money to keep getting regular root touchups.
This morning, though, I was straightening my hair. (For the record, that is pretty much the only hairdo-related thing I'm capable of accomplishing. And only with the one straightening iron I'm familiar with. Because last week my friend Trinity visited with her new-fangled In-Styler and I'm just now getting over the unfortunate neck-burn-that-looked-just-like-a-hickey. I actually thought about getting a THIS IS NOT A HICKEY t-shirt printed up.)
Anyway. I digress. I was straightening my hair this morning, and all of a sudden, up pops a crinkly gray hair. Now, this isn't my first granny-fied strand, although prior to turning the big 3-0 they were few and far between. I'm finding them more and more frequently, but today? Was some sort of cosmic joke. Like, "Surprise, you're effin' OLD!" Because after the first one, it didn't take me long to spot another. And another. And another. And ... another. WTF?!
They're beyond easy to spot in my dark hair, these wiry, crinkly omens of elderhood. They're so voluminous against the brunette backdrop that they may as well be made of LED lights. Hey, look at us! they scream. We're the precursor to arthritic hands and adult diapers! Yaaaay!
All in all, I spotted a grand(ma) total of SEVEN GRAY HAIRS. Today alone. And that's only the part of my head that I could see. I can't even imagine the oldness that's lurking in the back. It's probably freaking salt-and-pepper ... but I can't bring myself to look. I'm just going to pretend that the back of my head still looks twenty.
It's apparently not enough that I've been forced to battle with a beard ever since having my kids. Now I have to worry about going gray (at a record-breaking speed, I think). I spent years dyeing my hair when I didn't need to, just to try out different hair colors - from the experimental (albeit accidental) burgundy in eighth grade to the neon blue, red, and green streaks I sported during my high school punk phase.*
But now that I actually need to dye my hair, so that no one mistakes me for my grandmother, it no longer holds nearly the appeal that it used to. I haven't dyed it in so long that my whole head is actually comprised of my natural color, which is a decent shade of dark brown that I never appreciated ... until it started its descent into Brillo-pad silver.
LOL. You crack me up! I think you may be a tad overeacting. :)OLDNESS, ELDERHOOD, BRILLOPAD, SALT AND PEPPER!?!?!?! I think you are far from wearing the adult diapers LOLOLOLOL But trust me when I say you will be one fine (as in sexy) grandma SOMEDAY!!!
Oh sister, I FEEL your pain. The greys have been appearing in my hair too, however I have had to deal with the freaking beard for FAR to many years to count. Getting old sucks! Good thing I have an appt with my hair girl today to put the red on and wipe out the greys. Good luck with your box dye job.
I don't think 7 gray hairs qualifies you for the "old" category, but I know how disturbing that first chunk of grays can be. Someday, far in the future, you'll probably have the beautiful white-and-silver mane sported by both your grandmothers! I, on the other hand, inherited the dirty yellow-gray of your great-grandmother Nora. Hence, the reason I keep mine blonde-from-a-box! ;o)
Oh girl, don't get a box. You'll regret it. Ask me how I know. I am thankful that my hair is not a dark brown because every once in a while I'll spot a gray hair and then I can't find it again when I look closer.
the gray is fruitful in my hair but they are actually closer to white which makes me roots lighter and less now that I have touch up, never thought going gray would make coloring my hair easier!
Commenting makes you big and strong! Okay, maybe just strong. Okay, so it's only your fingers. But still ...
Bon Appétit test kitchen manager, Brad Leone, is back with episode 9 of It's Alive. This time Brad takes his skills out of the kitchen and into the woods to teach you how to build the perfect campfire for cooking delicious food outdoors. Whether you're at a campground, backyard, or taking a quick day trip into the woods, Brad's setup lets you get creative and flex your outdoor culinary skills.
Join Bon Appétit test kitchen manager, Brad Leone, on a wild, roundabout and marginally scientific adventure exploring fermented foods and more. From cultured butter and kombucha, to kimchi and miso, to beer and tepache, learn how to make fermented and live foods yourself.
campfire cooking outdoor outdoor cooking campfire cooking camping what is brad brad leone it's alive alive fermented live food test kitchen how to make fermentation probiotics make how to build... how to start... starting a fire starting a campfire cast iron steak steak recipe how to grill... mushrooms mushroom recipe food bon appetit bon appétit
Enjoy this hilarious sour gummy vs gummy food vs real food smoothie challenge with Wengie and Collins Key! Learn how to make the sourest toxic waste smoothie using gummy worms, hamburgers, jelly beans, octopus, coke, watermelon and spaghetti. This edible DIY challenge is super fun to try with kids, family, friends, children and siblings. You could prank or trick your siblings as well!
1. Turn on notifications to be in the #notificationsquad and comment as soon as I upload! Early posts will have a chance of being #notificationsquad of the week!
Your modern vehicle's engine is a highly sophisticated piece of equipment. The days of your father's gas-guzzler are long gone—instead, Federal Exhaust Emission and Fuel Economy regulations demand that today's vehicles be equipped with electronic engine control systems, to curb carbon emissions and increase fuel efficiency. With technically-advanced control systems taking the place of simple engine components, common maintenance services such as tune-ups are also a thing of the past. Regular services (such as spark plug and filter replacements) are still required, as well as a computerized analysis of your vehicle's control computer. Our factory-trained technicians are here to provide these basic services.
A network of sensors and switches convert and monitor engine operating conditions into electrical signals. The computer receives this information, and, based on information and instructions coded within this savvy computer program, it sends commands to three different systems: ignition, fuel, and emission control. When a problem arises—the "check engine" light turns on—our service pros checks it out. Bring in your vehicle, we'll check it out, and you can know if the "check engine" is a real problem, or just a sensor/computer issue.
Your Check Engine Light (CEL) warns you that your vehicle's computer found a malfunctioning component in your emission control system. You may see "check engine," "service engine soon," or "check powertrain." Or, the light may show an engine picture, perhaps with the word "Check." To determine the actual problem, we use an electronic scan tool or a diagnostic computer to retrieve Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTC). Some common issues that turn on the check engine light include:
In any case, you should bring your vehicle to us, and we can inspect your vehicle, diagnose the problem, and take care of it. Leaving your engine light on can cause serious problems with your car in the long run.
बांग्लादेश मूल के अमरीकन आर्किटेक्ट फज़लुर रहमान ख़ान के जन्मदिवस को गूगल ने डूडल बनाकर सम्मानित किया है. फज़लुर रहमान का जन्म 3 अप्रैल 1929 को बांग्लादेश की राजधानी ढाका में हुआ. उन्हें ‘ट्यूबलर डिज़ाइन का जनक’ माना जाता हैं.
The nuclear family has a rich heritage in cartoon form. Portraying a prehistoric unit has pretty massive shoes to fill… THE FLINTSTONES. Maybe the filmmakers are counting on short-term memories? THE CROODS does not come close to that benchmark; nor recent animated doozy, THE INCREDIBLES. Little mind appears to have been paid to story or character, instead AVATAR-esque visuals are the dominating force. Crazy animals (e.g. flying turtle things) and fauna, saturated in a hallucinogenic colour scheme, should sate the appetite of the youngest audience members. Anyone else will be along for a bland sub-ICE AGE, sub-BRAVE (no corker in itself) ride.
The titular Crood familia is the last in the neighbourhood. Everyone else has been killed by the plethora of dangers. Kept alive by the nagging and paranoid and loving patriarch, Grug (Nicolas Cage), who sees death in every shadow. His overbearing overprotectiveness is now starting to irk eldest child, Eep (Emma Stone). She is inquisitive and desiring of adventure. One night she leaves the safety of the cave, and comes across Guy (Ryan Reynolds), who is able to control fire. He is a new species: Cro-Magnon man, able to manipulate tools and reason logically. The Croods are the dying out Neanderthals. Guy warns Eep of a landscape shift, we know as tectonic movement, which will likely destroy their home. Grug is warned, though pig-headedness and apprehensiveness of the unknown cause him to dither until their dwelling is crushed in a rockfall. The family (made up in addition of mother, grandmother, son, and toddler) inevitably join Guy searching for a fabled place of safety, “Tomorrow”.
A big fat yawn. An ancient trek journey; haven’t the ICE AGES done those to death? See also THE LAND BEFORE TIME and DINOSAUR. Is this the best plot the team behind THE CROODS could have come up with? Add in the one-note characters: Stubborn father, peacemaker mother, mother-in-law jokes, and we have a vacuous candy coated sugar-rush ride. Reynolds is not given the script to deliver his usual insouciant charm, and excellent comedienne Stone is barely tested. The occasional 3D spectacle avoids the experience from being totally dire; but the cacophony of loudness and silliness is too ever-present for satisfying divertissement. Contrast say TANGLED for a thoughtfully made quest flick.
Fine art graduate is searching for actors and actresses for a short - term artistic collaboration on voluntary basis.
The murder of a fellow grifter following a fixed poker game leads a small-time gambler (Charlton Heston, in his feature debut) to track down a psychopathic killer bent on revenge. The complex tale, ranging from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, is evocatively directed by William Dieterle (PORTRAIT OF JENNIE, THE HUNCHBACK OF NOTRE DAME) and features film noir’s favorite throaty thrush, lovely Lizabeth Scott. Co-starring Viveca Lindfors, Dean Jagger, Don Defore, Ed Begley and Harry Morgan.
The ultimate B-movie caper, helmed by the late, great friend of the American Cinematheque, Richard Fleischer (THE NARROW MARGIN). The toughest mug in noir, Charles McGraw, plays the prototypical L.A. robbery-homicide dick matched against goggle-eyed heavy William Talman in the film noir equivalent of King Kong vs. Godzilla! With sultry Adele Jergens as a duplicitous burlesque queen, strutting her stuff through gritty downtown L.A. locations.
(c) 2003-2018 FILMRADAR.com All Rights Reserved. FILMRADAR™ is a trademark of Karie Bible. Disclaimer:We have no association with the company Radar Pictures. Here at FILMRADAR, we provide a general information service about revival and specialty films, whereas Radar Pictures is in the area of current film and television production. While we admire their work, our service is not in anyway tied or related to theirs.
Koko Buzz is a play on the Japanese word for “here.” As in you will find all the buzz about chocolate here. Then there is the obvious connotation of “buzz” for that warm feeling you get when you eat good chocolate.
About the writer – I’m a chocolate enthusiast and a certified fitness nutritionist with a keen interest in writing about food and nutrition. In this blog I focus mostly on chocolate. I aim to educate both experienced chocolate enthusiasts and neophytes though this blog and seminars that I teach in the Boston area. I have received basic instruction in chocolate from the Cambridge School of Culinary Arts. My original degrees (many years ago) are in chemical engineering which serves to fuel my interest and insight into the chemistry and processes surrounding chocolate making.
It was when I started traveling to Europe in the early 90?s, mostly for business, that I developed a deeper interest in artfully prepared fine foods. I?m not talking about complicated or pretentious foods, per se, just good fresh creations made by people who care about quality and detail. These culinary experiences were undoubtedly heightened by my surroundings like the small cobblestone courtyards of Aix-en-Provence or bustling student-filled squares of Leuven, Belgium. During this time, I developed a budding interest in chocolate that has grown ever since.
As my corporate career plodded along, I found myself flying more often to Asia and Japan than Europe (eventually living in Tokyo with my family for part of 2007 and 2008). Dutifully adhering to the traditions of these regions, I brought small gifts for my business associates on every trip to show appreciation for their help and hospitality. But, after a while it became hard to find uniquely western gifts. It got pretty tiring to lug picture books of purple mountains majesty and amber waves of grain around the airports of the world. The old standbys of Scotch whisky or other alcohol don?t fly too well anymore post 9-11. Just about everything else is made in China. So that brings us to one of the greatest inventions of the New World: chocolate. Certainly you can get just about anything you want in Tokyo and more, but I was able to introduce a variety of chocolates to my Japanese and east-Asian colleagues that they had not experienced before. It was great to see their reaction from intense interest to confusion, but it was always a great pleasure to share something genuine from the New World. This, in part, brought me to the realization that chocolate is a passion for me. Now I?d like to share that passion with you.
It was when I started traveling to Europe in the early 90’s that I developed a deeper interest in artfully prepared fine foods. I’m not talking about complicated or pretentious foods, per se, just good fresh creations made by people who care about quality and detail. These culinary experiences were undoubtedly heightened by my surroundings like the small cobblestone courtyards of Aix-en-Provence or bustling student-filled squares of Leuven, Belgium. During this time, I developed a budding interest in learning about chocolate that has grown ever since.
As my corporate career plodded along, I found myself flying more often to Asia and Japan than Europe (eventually living in Tokyo with my family for part of 2007 and 2008). Dutifully adhering to the traditions of these regions, I brought small gifts for my business associates on every trip to show appreciation for their help and hospitality. But, after a while it became hard to find uniquely western gifts. It got pretty tiring to lug picture books of purple mountains majesty and amber waves of grain around the airports of the world. The old standbys of Scotch whisky or other alcohol don’t fly too well anymore post 9-11. Just about everything else is made in China. So that brought me back to one of the greatest inventions of the New World: chocolate. Certainly you can get just about anything you want in Tokyo and more, but I was able to introduce a variety of chocolates to my Japanese and east-Asian colleagues that they had not experienced before. It was great to see their reaction from intense interest to confusion, but it was always a great pleasure to share something genuine from the New World. This, in part, brought me to the realization that chocolate is a passion for me. Now I’d like to share that passion with you.
From someone whose exposure to chocolate has focused mainly on Halloween binges, I’ll never look at (or taste) chocolate the same way again. Great stuff!
Just dropping by to say that I appreciate the work you’re doing. I happened across your blog through a Google image search for oxidized chocolate and just stuck around. Thanks for the read
Dan, glad to hear you are enjoying the blog. I hope to finish my post-in-progress on chocolate storage, but other things have taken priority. Stay tuned on that one…
Great blog Geert, I need to spend some more time over there. The photography is very enjoyable. Keep it up! http://whydowelovechocolate.wordpress.com/
Hi Walter – I’m not quite sure how I stumbled upon your blog but am glad I did. I am a budding chocolate maker and am itching for a dual purpose vacation in the coming months where, like you, I get a little R&R+C. I’m intrigued by your Costa Rica trip. Were you planning to get more cacao exposure while you were there? Did you gather any contacts, especially co-operatives or farmers, while you were there? I would really like to find a way to visit a farm and see the harvest, fermentation and drying processes up close.
And, as an aside, where are you located? I noticed an event on your site pertaining to the NW Chocolate Festival. I was there! I live in the greater Seattle area.
Dianne, glad you are enjoying the blog. I’m in the Boston area, so I need to get away to somewhere warm in the winter …. at least for a little while. None of places we visited in Costa Rica had very extensive growing or production capabilities. They were more about doing educational tours. Cacao Trails had the largest plantation, but most of it was completely affected by disease, although still interesting to see. They had a separate area with a smaller grouping of healthy trees that are disease resistant. They do some small batch fermentation and drying there seasonally. You could try contacting them through the website to see when this happens. We didn’t have time to visit Chocoart, so you might also want to ask what they have going on there. There is also a working farm called Global Creek. Again, information about what they are doing there is hard to come by and could be changing from month to month, but they told me that they are growing cacao and making chocolate from it right on site. All of these operations are in the Puerto Viejo area. Remember, it takes 5 hours to drive to Puerto Viejo from San Jose, so you need to be up for adventure. I was preparing another blog post on travel details, but ran out of steam before the tourist season ended, so I will try to write it for next year’s season.
Now, there are also plantations inland that are producing more significant amounts of beans for export. I was not able to find out where these guys are, but didn’t try too hard since our plans were to stay at the beach. Other ideas are – the Cotton Tree Lodge in Belize – they have some kind of chocolate themed package. I’ve never been to this hotel, but my wife and I did Belize a few years back and the eco-tourism was fantastic. The beaches are better in C.R., but there are some really cool things to do in Belize. If you want to travel slightly closer to home, there is the Tabasco Trail in Mexico. Sort of a like a wine road, but for chocolate. I don’t have much info on that one, but it sounds fun. Good Luck!
When I originally commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment
Sorry you’re having trouble. I’ll need to take a look at the Word Press help to see if there is any way to remove this. By the way I took a look at your In a Nutshell blog and enjoyed the post on Mast Brothers!
I just tried the Pralus Chuao bar and loved it, and I want to buy bars that are at least as good as this one. Any recommendations?
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) February 2017 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (1) December 2015 (1) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (1) October 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) May 2014 (1) May 2013 (1) January 2013 (1) November 2012 (1) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (1) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (2) January 2012 (2) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (3) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (1) July 2011 (2) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (3) March 2011 (2) February 2011 (3) January 2011 (2) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (2) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (3) August 2010 (2) July 2010 (2) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (2) March 2010 (2) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (3) December 2009 (3) November 2009 (3) October 2009 (3) September 2009 (3) August 2009 (3) July 2009 (4) June 2009 (2) May 2009 (5)
Latest Tamil News , Tamil Cinema updates, Political Tamil News, Tamil Actress HD stills, Tamil Cinema First look, Trailors, Teasers and Shooting spot updates
Yosemite National Park is ranked one of the top 5 scenic national parks in the US. The Half Dome trail is the one that I am interested in this trip. I rented the stupid "Chevrolet HHR" from the airport and drove 216 miles to Yosemite. The drive was quite fun where you are close the park, sharp turns after sharp turns.
I stayed in Curry Village in the valley, a cabin that is practically a bunch of 2x4s with a vinyl tarp tied onto the frame. No heating inside these "cabins", but it is equipped with a comfy bed. I woke up at 6am next morning to start my hike. It was cold in the valley as the sun won't get into the valley until 9am.
The trail wasn't what I expected. It wasn't technical or difficult, with only 2 major viewpoints, Vernal Falls and Neveda Falls. I paced myself with another hiker in front of me, and arrived at the bottom of the Half Dome at 10:15am. Yes, I saw the cables. Going up wasn't that bad, yes it was windy. In my opinion, it wasn't that secured to do it if a lot of people were doing it at the same time. If one fell, who knows the domino effect can do ? I stood on top of the Half Dome, feeling a bit disappointed because I didn't think the view on top was much different from what you can do on the bottom of the cables. It was so windy that I couldn't stand the chill, even I knew the sun was warming up the rock.
Because there was a fund-raising hike for cure that day, a lot of people were already there. I selected to go down after spending only 10 mins on top. Going down was tough in the first few steps, and you would have to face the reality, "What if I fall from here?". I managed to get down half-way and got stuck because there were so many people coming up. Some people were resting, some were waiting, some were scared, and some were stubborn. Some wouldn't move unless you moved out of the way, and that was why it took me so long to get down.
After I got down, I sat down and talked to people who were waiting to get up. I actually told myself that I wouldn't go up again. It didn't worth it, too much risks for a little rewards. I turned back with a little disappointment, and started to return to the village.
Coming down, I chose John Muir Trail instead of Mist Trail because people told me that it would be easier and more views. I disagreed after i were half way down John Muir. It is a horrible trail, too rugged, and it was originally used as a horse trail. And it still allows horses to go up using John Muir, leaving tons of horse droppings on the trail. It was just constant short switchbacks with the same view. Don't choose John Muir Trail please.
I arrived at the Curry Village, and decided to drive to Taft Point/Sentinel Dome, recommended by a Park Ranger. There it would give me a 360 view of the entire Yosemite Valley. Wow, that was much worth it than the top of Half Dome with easy 20 min hike-up. Later I visited Glacier Point, where you would get a panoramic view of Half Dome, Little Yosemite Valley, and the Yosemite Valley.
Description: I arrived at SFO International Airport and rented a car to drive 216 miles to Yosemite National Park. The drive was actually quite boring until I reached the windy uphill section, for 30 miles, it was a non-stop turning road.
I stayed in Curry Village, and hiked to Half Dome the next day via the Mist Trail. And on the same day, I drove to Taft Point and hiked up to Sentinel Dome. I also visited Glacier Point at sunset.
DiFava/Brandt Family Tree - created and maintained by Larry/Linda DiFava Copyright © 1998-2018 All rights reserved.
The Land Mobility Service is being supported initially by FBD Trust and other stake holders, however for it to be sustainable in the longer term a fee mechanism will apply
Initially the service will be focused on three pilot areas to show that a dedicated service can deliver workable arrangements. These pilot areas are North Kilkenny, South Roscommon and the Muskerry area of Cork.
Teagasc are providing ongoing research and support for farm collaboration. Specimen agreements and support are available from the Teagasc website and Teagasc offices nationwide.
To demonstrate that the service is important to the delivery of Food Harvest 2020 and merits further support via The Rural Development Programme, Stakeholders, EU and Government Incentive Schemes, and Tax Incentives.
A key element of the Land Mobility Service is matching people to opportunities. To facilitate this and help you find your ideal match we have linked up with the Irish Farmers Journal. Phone 01 4199555 where with confidentiality assured you can have your interest passed onto identified opportunities or you can determine without obligation what interest there may be in your opportunity. This is a perfect discreet way to test the water in confidence. Once you have identified someone or an opportunity that might work for you we at the Land Mobility Service can help you explore the options and formulate a workable arrangement. Simply call Austin at 086 2541425. The Service is an independent expert facilitator that will help put an arrangement in place that works for everyone.
Please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.
Ian Hampton was born in London. Educated at Bedales School in Hampshire, he studied cello with Joan Dickson in Edinburgh, with William Pleeth at the Guildhall School of Music, London and with Paul Tortelier in Paris. He was a founding member of the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields and a member of the London Symphony Orchestra. He became the cellist of the Edinburgh String Quartet. Ian emigrated to Canada via Berkley, California where he taught for a year with his father, the renowned cellist Colin Hampton. In 1966 he was appointed principal cellist of the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra and also of the CBC Vancouver Chamber Orchestra. He was a founding member and cellist of the Baroque Strings of Vancouver and also the Purcell String Quartet. In 1968 he became founder and president of the Vancouver Cello Club. He taught at the University of British Columbia and was a member of the Masterpiece Piano Trio, conductor of the Nanaimo Symphony Orchestra and the Surrey Youth Orchestra. In 1979 he became principal of the Langley Community Music School and, in 1982, principal cellist of the Vancouver Opera orchestra, both positions which he continued to hold until 2000, along with his role as principal cello of the CBC Vancouver Orchestra. Ian has played numerous recitals and CBC broadcasts and has appeared as soloist – in the Britten Cello Symphony, the Rodrigo Concierto en modo galante, Morawetz’s In Memoriam Martin Luther King with the CBC Vancouver Orchestra and the Elgar Cello Concerto with the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra.
In 1999 Ian received the BC Arts Council award for his extraordinary contribution as a performer, teacher and administrator. In recognition of his contribution to Canadian new music, in 2009 he was named a Canadian Music Centre ambassador. In 2011 Ian was awarded an honourary doctorate from Simon Fraser University.
Drop the UK construction. Independent England/Wales, Scotland and one Ireland would all be welcome into the EU.”
There was litle response to my carefully selected words. Here is an extreme, but doable solution, too long for Twitter.
Those who really must live in the EU move to Northern Ireland to live in temporary Calaislike camps, or more conveniently just pro forma. Then the English Sovereign gives Northern “Ireland back to the Irish” and they're all back in the EU again. Not exactly England, but you're in where you want to be and free to go where you want to, England even.
Winning bronze at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, and bronze at the 2017 World Championships in Budapest, Hungary. (Athlete, 22 Aug 2017)
In 2016 she received the Order for Merits to the Fatherland [second grade], and the title of Honoured Master of Sport in the Russian Federation. (kremlin.ru, 25 Aug 2016; minsport.gov.ru, 22 Aug 2016)
She holds the title of Master of Sport of International Class in the Russian Federation. (schoolswimten.ru, 19 Jul 2013)
Water wars begin The sunshine and the shadow side of this digital era Yes, you are safe! Hey Chitti! please take my order Nilam threatens the city Must visit of 2014 377 yet young Chevrolet Sail U-VA Launched SGRI – a global research centre for building materials Presto! Bravo! Car-free Bessy The underground don zips through City Corner-June A sweet marketing splash by Pattappas Force Motors’ two new SUVs Murugappas-focus on consolidation Chennai Silks in flames Book your water tanker Planning the right energy India’s first online-only bicycle brand Missing, but not missing the top spot Ennore Port excels Google street view’s India competitor Yamaha in the news Self-sufficiency in dredging... Chennai airport to become solar-powered Engineering colleges lose lustre Star studded city Chennai Metro looking for revival Chennai to Bengaluru as quick as pizza delivery The 20-year itch of Hindujas ends An industry institution link… Pocket Therapist finds mention in Forbes It’s so cool! Perplexing communications Read before you buy... Sathyabhamasat propels ahead Realty bytes State VAT leads to inflation: a study Paranjoy on crony capitalism When Marina became the Tahrir Square Prithika Yashini takes charge... Metro chugs the green way Chennaites lose 7 crore to debit card frauds Metro chugs through the city Maruti Suzuki wins NIQR award Doing business is not so easy in Chennai CMRL takes off till airport Indian of the Year Know the start-ups in the city Building highs and lows Water woes Arnold visits Chennai TTV stumps all Medical miracle! When the crowd will miss the roar The auto gets a remake Kollywood’s Mahabharatha Need for an integrated approach to medicine The sweet killer Raj Bhavan opened the gates for public Chennai gets its Imax Aviation sector to grow three times... Education a cause of concern A feast for book worms Chennai, the noisiest city Apollo targets a third of CV tyre market Technology handshakes with sanitation It is not only your noodle... The curious case of Evgenii Berdnikov From trash land to tourist spot Safe Trac-keeps track on your safety City Corner Cricket comes calling to Chennai Mexico opens Consulate in Chennai North Chennai booms Chennai soon to get an Aerospace Park Million landmark and Rs. 200 crore influx by Yamaha Frontier Mediville attracts Japanese investments How to roast 45 human beings alive A skinny affair International conference on saving energy, environment A new technique to treat dry sewage Technologists to rescue City Corner - Chennai Overflowing garbage Boozing and driving Tambaram tracks…. Bewailing monsoons the new fad Coimbatore backs up for Chennai Keep in touch, anytime anywhere Two friends trigger a change I know nothing else but cinema... Tamil Nadu Premier League launched The sweet tooth of the city Working space for women by woman City Corner A budget that butted into deficit Chennai teachers rank low He made Ranganathan Street so crowded... Green energy, not really green? Metro mania Meters return to the metro Talk your way and land in a job K7’s Entrepreneurial Odyssey Indian media-operators of democracy Vanakkam Chennaiyin FC Thrills for the holiday season Black outs will be knocked out Is Chennai now the accident capital? The worst is yet to come This dabba has a cure for all your ailments India’s first 3D Museum Outlays and outcome – the long gap Colourful welcome at the Saidapet station Hawker’s paradise gets a permanent place Online approval of layout plans 60 years of cultural and economic ties A praiseworthy peer recognition When Chennai became Venice Reality Check
Presenting the 11th MV Arunachalam Endowment Oration, Dr Michael Evans , an internationally acclaimed anthroposophic specialist said that anthroposophic medicine can bring down healthcare cost. He lamented that modern science has some deeply held beliefs that limit it from exploring the reality beyond things that are measurable.
Anthroposophic medicines include ointments, tablets and injections made of plants and minerals, rhythmical massage, mindfulness and art therapy. The role of an anthroposophic doctor is to be a counsellor and help patients understand the wide range of medical options and make their own choices wisely, he observed. M V Murugappan, Trustee, Vellayan Chettiar Trust, gave the presidential address, while A Vellayan, Executive Chairman, Murugappa Group, and Trustee, Vellayan Chettiar Trust, welcomed the gathering.
IE, the business magazine from south was launched in 1968 and pioneered business journalism in south. Through the 45 years IE has been focusing on well-presented and well-researched articles. When giants in the industry stumbled to keep pace with the digital revolution, IE stayed affixed embracing technology.
in the repair and service of industrial electronic equipment for who customer service is our priority
Sellweb Ltd was founded in 2006; We offer a professional yet cost effective service to customers, where quality is guaranteed.	It's engineers have a wealth of technical experience to repair and service all types of industrial electronic equipment. We have grown rapidly and earned an excellent reputation for the speed, reliability and cost effectiveness of our electronic repairs.
technical report writing skills academic programmes 40 best cover letter examples images on pinterest 30 luxury sample job application letter hotel cover letter sample image collections cover letter sample hotel cover letter sample image collections cover letter sample room attendant cover letter gallery cover letter sample wbxo how to write a cover letter it s […]
Modern Patchwork Spring 2015 and Australian Homespun April 2015 - On Saturday we move. Finally. Last weeks were really exhausting - all this packing, cleaning, searching for new furniture, driving around, planning, and m...
Waterchase â€“A stunning David Weekley Harwell 5 bedroom, 4.5 bathroom, home with office, media and bonus room is available in this sought after exclusive gated community. This alluring elevation will greet you with lush landscape and columns leading to your cozy front porch. Upon entry, take notice of the beautiful wood and tile floors, neutral colors, crown molding and plantation shutters throughout this home. This smart, split floor plan exhibits a versatile layout for both entertaining and family living. Retire to your master retreat spacious enough for all of your creature comforts. Master bath has a dual sink vanity w/makeup area, palatial shower, and a spacious walk-in closet with custom organizers. Make your way into the gorgeous kitchen furnished with stainless steel appliances â€“ including a gas convection oven, hardwood cabinets, granite countertops, breakfast bar and island, and a kitchen eating area. Stretch out in this spacious living room with volume ceilings, wood burning fireplace, built-in shelving for electronics and a wall of windows to let in the natural light. The second floor has a loft area as well as a media room and bedroom with attached bath. Situated on 475 acres, Waterchase has resort amenities including a clubhouse, Olympic size pools, tennis courts, playground, and walking paths. Located in a desirable school district near shopping, restaurants and entertainment and an easy commute to either Tampa or St. Petersburg. Make your showing appointment today!
Directions: Race Track Road to Waterchase Blvd, pass through the guard gate and make third right at round about onto Meridian Point Drive. Continue on Meridian to Tudor Chase Drive, go right to home on right
© The data relating to real estate for sale/lease on this web site come in part from a cooperative data exchange program of the multiple listing service (MLS) in which this real estate firm (Broker) participates. The properties displayed may not be all of the properties in the MLS database, or all of the properties listed with Brokers participating in the cooperative data exchange program. Properties listed by Brokers other than this Broker are marked with either the listing Brokers logo or name or the MLS name or a logo provided by the MLS. Detailed information about such properties includes the name of the listing Brokers. Information provided is thought to be reliable but is not guaranteed to be accurate; you are advised to verify facts that are important to you. No warranties, expressed or implied, are provided for the data herein, or for their use or interpretation by the user. The Florida Association of Realtors and its cooperating MLSs do not create, control or review the property data displayed herein and take no responsibility for the content of such records. Federal law prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status or national origin in the sale, rental or financing of housing.
Hubby and I had an opportunity to attend the Lake Region Arts Council‘s Arts Resource Fair this past Saturday in Fergus Falls, MN. We live in Region 5, which is covered by the Five Wings Arts Council (FWAC). FWAC provided artists within its five counties (Cass, Crow Wing, Morrison, Todd & Wadena) the chance to attend the Arts Resource Fair, which is how we came to attend.
The Arts Resource Fair allowed artists in Greater Minnesota to get to know area arts organizations, along with arts organizations based in the Twin Cities Metro that also serve Greater Minnesota.
(Note that I prefer the term “Greater Minnesota,” rather than “Out-State Minnesota,” which was used to introduce the Arts Resource Fair. “Out-State Minnesota” suggests to me that everyone outside the Metro doesn’t belong to the state, kinda like being buried outside a cemetery’s fence. We’re all in this together, folks, and I’d wish we’d come up with a way to describe the Metro and the rest of Minnesota that indicates our connection without denigrating either.)
While I’m pretty familiar with many of the Metro area arts organizations that were present, including Springboard for the Arts, Textile Center, The Loft, mnartists.org, Minnesota State Arts Board, and Minnesota Citizens for the Arts, I was pleased to be able to grab some brochures from the Minnesota Center for Book Arts, an organization I’ve been aware of but didn’t know much about.
Standard arts organization cards with ring, Lake Region Arts Council Arts Resource Fair, June 25, 2016. Photo by Mary Warner.
Each arts organization at the fair had created a standardized card with hole in the corner to advertise its mission, location, website, & etc. Fair attendees could choose the cards they wanted and put them together with the metal rings provided at the table. The cards measure 3 inches x 5 inches, so they aren’t bulky. I applaud whoever came up with this brilliant idea.
Along with tables for arts organizations, the fair featured three workshop sessions, with a variety of sessions to choose from. I was mostly interested in the writing-related sessions, attending Red Sofa Literary‘s “The First Three Chapters” let by Erik Hane and “Author Platform 101: The Basics of Building a Readership” led by Dawn Fredrick. Hubby and I were both keen to attend the session on “Legal Issues for Artists” led by Patty Zurlo of Zurlo Law. I am a geek for intellectual property rights, which tend to be complicated, so any chance I get to learn more is a chance I’m going to take.
I learned a number of things at the writing sessions, including the fact that literary agents typically don’t read manuscripts during their working hours, which means they look for any reason to reject a manuscript they are reading in their time off. If you want to keep an agent’s attention, make sure to introduce conflict, even if not the central conflict of the novel, from the beginning. The example I thought of when this tidbit was shared was to have the main character deal with a fly buzzing around. How the character deals with this annoyance will tell the reader volumes about him.
Another topic that came up during this session that I’ve been mulling over was the use of language in a novel. One of the attendees said that she loves to get caught up in beautiful language use. Yes, I appreciate when an author uses the language well and provides captivating turns of phrase, but I don’t want the language to be so beautiful that it distracts me from the story. If all I notice is the language, the story has failed.
During the second writing session, the one on building a readership, I learned how much time must be devoted to marketing a book. It’s much longer than I suspected and it’s information I could have used when I published “Greenville” five years ago. I also found out that getting onto the New York Times Bestseller list is not as simple as selling a lot of copies of your book. This piqued my interest in finding out more about the process, some of which is covered here and here. Dawn of Red Sofa Literary passed on a number of other great tips about other marketing platforms for authors.
One other brilliant idea I took away from the Arts Resource Fair is so simple and obvious that all conferences should do something similar. Within our welcome packets was this:
It’s a little 6-page handmade notepad for taking notes at the fair. How many of us forget to bring notebooks to conferences? How many of us don’t want to haul around 80-page notebooks to conferences or don’t have enough room in pocket-sized notebooks? This solved both problems. And I filled it.
I also prefer the term “Greater Minnesota,” but only because it lets me refer to the Twin Cities metro area as “Lesser Minnesota.”
Ximena. this is not a dream.what you see is real.call me and certainly we wil pass great moments together.aim perfect companion for any occasion.
Carla. welcome gentlemen , my name is bianca. i am a pretty girl, companion offer for a man in bucharest. the classical blonde girl with a nice cute face and good figure lines, with a warm attitude which will make you feel very welcome. i will present to you minutes of pleasure and sexual satisfaction when you can relax and enjoy of company sophisticated lady with soft skin and sparkling eyes. i always look fresh and discreet.
Yep this is greatness. You guys make the best hotwife / cuckold real videos in possibly the world right now
Los Angeles County Partnership to Eliminate Disparities in Infant Mortality Action Learning Collaborative
A farewell to orange - Dear friends, the time has come. This blog is going into retirement. I'm packing it a suitcase stuffed with coral golf shirts, pumpkin plaid shorts, and w...
Sewing Space Vol. II - As I already mentioned - we have moved to a new apartment... Which means - I have a new sewing space:) This time, it is a separate room. Pictures below il...
As a local business proprietor you will certainly legalzoom feedback want to form a lawful entity framework to get restricted liability security. A prominent method to get limited responsibility defense is to develop a LLC to secure your personal properties from creditors, borrowers, and legal insurance claims. One of the primary reasons for you to create an LLC is the advantage of having actually restricted obligation protection. Limited liability defense is afforded to all members of an LLC An LLC ought to be operated with a total separation of personal and business assets. One benefit of developing an LLC is that of go through tax status, or earnings flowing with the entity to the members or owners. In order to preserve the privilege of restricted liability security, the company must stick to all regional, government, and state laws. The company has to additionally do every little thing that is needed to keep a good company standing, pay all called for tax obligations, and also submit all required documentation. legalzoom feedback
legalzoom feedback Before you decide if filing an LLC is appropriate for your certain situation, you will need to find out about a few of the benefits, risks, as well as demands that will influence you and your company. Below are a few of the benefits of developing an LLC legalzoom feedback
When deciding to create a LLC you will certainly have to take a look at every one of the choices that are available to you. First is the understanding that services, whether they are firms, LLCs, sole-proprietorships, or collaborations could deduct their business expenses. You do not have to develop an entity to have the benefit of deducting your expenditures. Having the standing of LLC or Firm could limit your exposure to audit, however it does not give even more tax obligation deductions compared to a sole proprietorship. For example, a single proprietorship can subtract any reputable overhead; such as cellular phone, vehicle miles, gas made use of for service travel, airplane fare for business travel, and so on. Consult your CPA to validate that this is true for your specific situation.
legalzoom feedback With either a LLC or an S Company, every one of business revenues as well as losses will pass-through to the proprietors of the business annually. When you file your personal taxes, your accounting professional should offer you with a K1 for your company and consist of the revenue or loss declaration within your individual income tax return. This is various from that of a c corporation because a c company exists as a legal and separate entity from its shareholders. The policemans & supervisors are responsible for taxes, not the investors. The c-corporation is responsible for writing the federal government a look for every one of the earnings earned within the tax year. The shareholders would certainly consist of on their income tax return any kind of rewards or salary received from the business in the year, as well as not the certain revenue earned by the company.
LLC has to preserve an operating contract. An operating contract is generally considered a roadmap for your company. It will give the members, or owners, instructions detailing the best ways to deal with specific scenarios for business.legalzoom feedback
Articles of Organization need to be filed with your Assistant of States Corporation Bureau. The Majority Of Secretary of States website provide detailed instructions on how to submit, where to file, what does it cost? to pay, and the yearly needs if any. For example, the State of The golden state requires all LLCs to file an annual Declaration of Information specificing the members of the entity. This type is additionally needed for firms.
Appears pretty easy doesn’t it? Well setting up the LLC usually is simple, specifically if you are preparing to operate a solitary or more participants LLC. The even more complex your organisation strategy, the extra complicated both the operating arrangement as well as posts will certainly become. If you are planning on setting up a business as an LLC with participants which you do unknown, you need to think about seeking advice from an attorney to shield your rights. There are lots of examples of legalzoom feedbackcompanies that do not prosper, and examples of companies that have monitoring issues and varying viewpoints in between participants. Safeguard your passion by investing the extra time and money and guarantee that you have actually secured your possessions. A lawyer will have the ability to guide you and also signal you to any kind of pitfalls that could occur.
There are many solution business offered as well as this may be an excellent course for you if you are planning on setting up a single participant or multi member LLC. Before you file, do your homework and also ensure that you can trust your partners which you have the proper posts as well as operating agreement in position.
As mentioned earlier, you could create a LLC by self-filing your write-ups, pay a provider, get in touch with a lawyer, or even talk to your accounting professional. No matter which filing approach you choose or perhaps pick, you have to think about your LLC from a tax point of view. Once you have actually decided that an L.L.C. or corporation is appropriate for you, the significant determining aspect must be to reduce your total tax obligations. Each state will have various tax obligation demands and tax prices so talk to your accountant and ask which is best for you. Some write-ups or web sites will certainly assert that is much better than the other, but its outside of the range of a write-up to earn this case.
Numerous States currently use on the internet filing methods for starting your LLC. Filing online in many states is very easy as well as takes just a few minutes. You will certainly should have a major credit card or debit card to finish the procedure of establishing your LLC. As soon as you position your order online, the state will evaluate it and typically react within 1-5 company days.
Initially, you will need to look for name availability. This process is commonly very easy as many states provide internet site to check for offered names. You could utilize the openly supplied tools to seek available names within your state.
Next, you will want to adhere to state needs that can be discovered on Assistant of State website. Check out the state internet site to discover a sample and also ensure that you adhere to the short article needs or your records will be returned for improvement. In states like California and New York, returned papers can lose beneficial time. legalzoom feedback
You should watch your operating agreement as a roadmap for your LLC and also an overview of take care of the hard questions. The purpose of having a well-detailed operating agreement is to specify exactly how the participants and also more significantly the business need to react to details situations. An operating agreement is needed for all LLCs regardless of state. An operating arrangement adds less value for a 1 participant LLC since there is no chance of argument between the members.legalzoom feedback Nevertheless, if you have 50 participants in an LLC, it will certainly be extremely important to clearly detail an operating arrangement. A well composed running contract will serve as a standard for dealing with numerous difficult situations. If your operating arrangement doesn’t specify what to do in a particular scenario you may wish to call a special conference of the participants to modify the operating contract.
An LLC, like a company, can exist in perpetuity, or not have a finishing date. An LLC could likewise be setup with an end date for dissolution. legalzoom feedback If you want to dissolve your LLC you may end up having your business audited by the Internal Revenue Service. It is a fact that lots of organisations obtain audited when they liquify, so choose to start and also close your business wisely. Always consult your accountant before liquifying a business.
In some scenarios, dissolving an LLC could be rather simple, as well as it is finished in many states by submitting a basic kind notifying the state of the intent to dissolve.
Developing an LLC is simple and also while you could do it on your own, you could be far better off seeking specialist aid when setting up your service. In some circumstances you will require the aid of an attorney, accounting professional or both. Hopefully after reviewing this you have a far better suggestion about the needs and a few of the prospective challenges of establishing and running your personal LLC. While this short article is not indicated to have all of the solutions, it will with any luck provide you a good basis for moving on with the formation of your new LLC.
LLC represents a restricted obligation company. LLC’s operate similar way as a firm, in that it is a legal entity that could carry out organisation under its very own name. A growing number of entrepreneur’ are electing to form LLC’s every year however why exactly are many business owners currently doing this?
As the name restricted responsibility recommends the reason that many local business owner are making a decision to develop an LLC is to lower their personal liability. For instance if you remain to operate your service as a sole proprietor or partnership you are personally responsible for any kind of service debts as well as for legal action negotiation responsibilities brought against your organisation. Simply put virtually whatever you own can potentially go to danger as well as be utilized to work out business financial obligations. When you established an LLC you are in effect dividing your service from yourself. By doing this you are helping to secure assets such as your personal cost savings as well as various other home including your cars, bank accounts, home etc
. By forming an LLC, maintaining and also operating it properly, you as well as any other participants (owners of an llc are called members) included should not be held personally liable for points that could fail during the program of service or any one of the financial debts that are experienced. This suggests that individual properties of the members are secured and also will not be made use of as a method of settling company financial debts.
So just exactly how precisely do you tackle creating an LLC? Believe it or otherwise if you wish to form an LLC you will certainly locate it to be a somewhat simple process and also it might be one of the best points that you ever do for your company. As a matter of fact all you in fact need to do is the complying with to make it lawful as well as a reality:.
First you will certainly have to pick a name for your business. There are two vital factors when it concerns doing this. The apparent one is you should make certain the name you want is readily available and secondly you should see to it that it complies with your state’s restricted responsibility company laws such as ending with LLC. Further, some words might be forbidden by your state such as financial institution or insurance.
Next you should submit formation papers with the state. These are usually referred to as the short articles of organization or a certificate of formation, There is a cost to submit the papers with the state as well as could range in between $50 to $500. As soon as your LLC declaring has actually been accepted by the state you need to after that create an LLC operating contract. Within this contract you need to lay out the civil liberties and obligations of each of the LLC participants.
Finally a couple of states call for that you publish notice that the LLC development has actually been completed. Make sure to inspect if this is needed by your state. Once this is completed you then simply need to get a Federal Tax ID Number (FEIN) in addition to any type of licenses and also permits that could be needed for your type of business.
LLC’s or a Restricted Obligation Company is a kind of entity that you are able to sign up in numerous states. You have the ability to register a LLC through the Secretary of States’ workplace in the state that you intend to create an LLC within.
LLC’s are developed for many different reasons as well as one significant reason could be the tax benefits that could be obtained. Tax Obligations for Minimal Liability Companies are done making use of something called travel through taxation. This means that the revenue gained by the organisation in addition to tax obligations for the business would certainly be reported by the participants of the Limited Liability Company, it would not be separate from the individual.
Like Firms, LLC’s have the ability to give responsibility defense for your company. It supplies defense by developing separation in between you as a private as well as the business. As long as the LLC is established correctly, it will certainly protect you from any kind of obligations or problems incurred by the business. legalzoom feedback
A benefit that Restricted Responsibility Business likewise provide is the freedom to run your business without the problem of consistent reporting. Unlike companies, LLC’s are not called for to keep a document of meeting mins e.t.c. This makes it a whole lot much easier to run an LLC, specifically for new local business owner that won’t have time to invest seeing to it they did the best paper job.
Utilizing a 3rd party to register brand-new LLC’s, can be valuable as well. Not just does it remove the problem of paper work, yet it also gives you the assurance that the paperwork is done properly, removing any type of opportunity of issues in the future.
C-Corp: You are intending to increase outside capital from a group of capitalists, think your company will grow to be a big business as well as potentially go public one day, or you ‘d like to have all tax took care of at the company degree rather than passed thru to specific investors including on your own.
LLC: You anticipate your service to be smaller sized and also not have as several investors, and also to increase little (if any) outside capital. You do not anticipate to go public however think it is more likely you will certainly want to pay the earnings made by the company out to shareholders often.
Still cannot choose? We’ll define each entity enter more information which hopefully aids with your choice making.
LLC– Restricted Liability Company. These entities were created to allow entrepreneur to set-up a legal entity that gives them specific lawful and monetary defenses (presuming you do not co-sign for the LLC’s obligations) while preserving a tax obligation coverage structure that enables business owner to videotape profits and losses on their individual tax obligations. As such, LLC’s are thought about “Pass Thru” entities for tax obligation functions, implying that the taxable profits or losses for the business are passed thru to business owners, that tape these as part of their individual tax obligation filings. The LLC does not pay corporate taxes for profits and does not collect losses for future tax obligation offsets. All of this is passed thru to proprietors.
The LLC structure is generally best for smaller sized firms where there are a few owners who are actively associated with business operations (owners of an LLC are separated into active as well as passive owners, and also passive proprietors get substantially less tax advantages from an LLC framework. To be thought about “Active” you have to be fulfill the Internal Revenue Service’s definition of being meaningfully associated with the operations of the business). LLC’s in many states are limited in terms of the variety of investors they can have, although this is changing and there are ways around these limitations, however again, LLCs are developed for smaller sized businesses so as you grow as well as your investor base expands, you may taste a few of these constraints.
LLC’s are also a great choice in scenarios where you anticipate the company with have considerable profits and also you prepare to pay those out to shareholders often. Since they are “Pass Thru” entities, LLC’s are not exhausted for the revenues as well as rather this is done at the specific proprietor degree. Consequently, any cash from earnings in the LLC has been paid for in terms of tax obligations already by the proprietors, and also could be dispersed to proprietors with no added tax obligation due. This is various from a C-Corporation that faces what is referred to as “Dual Tax” because the company pays tax obligations for its revenues, and afterwards shareholders pay taxes for any type of circulations (dividends) paid to them. It is necessary to note that LLC’s do not have to distribute earnings to investors. You can elect to maintain profits in the company instead to reinvest in business (or just maintain for a wet day). Each holders share of these profits is tracked in their capital account (component of the equity piece of your annual report).
We do not have data to show it, but have actually heard from some individuals that they think LLC’s obtain marked down values to some degree in a procurement, specifically if the acquirer is a C-Corp (note: virtually every public company in the US is a C-Corp). There are 2 probable arguments for this sight. Initially, due to the fact that LLCs are not strained, they are more likely to have some fashionable stuff going on when it pertains to resources accounts, retained profits, and so on. Due to the fact that C-Corp money groups do not understand LLCs also, they can be naturally cautious, which could influence the evaluation paid. The 2nd factor is that it is regarded as being easier for a C-Corp to purchase another C-Corp, whether it is the process of taking on exceptional supply alternatives, taking care of tax obligation issues for the stub year of the procurement or other factors, there is possibly some practical debate here. Once again, we do not have information to back this up, yet it deserves stating as you take into consideration the most effective structure for your service.
One final note on LLCs. If you have any kind of strategies to raise loan from institutional investors, DO NOT form a LLC. There is a basic description for this. Most venture funds are forbidden from investing in LLC’s because these entities can produce UBTI (unassociated company taxable income) for the endeavor fund, and also as a result for the funds limited companions. The majority of venture fund limited partners are non-profit entities, and also one of the simplest ways to mess up this classification is to obtain UBTI. Because of this, venture fund records go to wonderful sizes to ensure they will certainly not remain in a situation where they might take on UBTI. Prior to you compose a remark listed below, yes, you are appropriate, there are plenty of examples of venture companies buying LLCs (delay, yet you said …). NEVERTHELESS, in these situations, the funds really bought something called a “blocker corp”, which is a C-Corp developed for the express purpose of investing in a LLC. This “blocker corp” effectively blocks UBTI from coming into the fund, because it is handled within the blocker corp’s C-Corp structure. So, yes, they CAN make a financial investment in an LLC, it is a pain in the ass for venture funds to do this and also they would greatly like you have a C-Corp. We would certainly also suggest that entering to pitch an endeavor fund with a LLC framework will show you as being rather naïve regarding firms and also venture financing, which may not be a major knock, but is still a knock. Considered that, why offer a feasible factor for a potential capitalist to look in other places?
C-Corporation. C-Corporations are just what we think of as “routine” company entities due to the fact that these are the kinds of entities we see as well as collaborate with each day. C-Corps are taxed service entities, indicating that yearly they report their profits/losses as well as pay taxes (state as well as government) when they earn a profit, and also record a tax obligation loss carryforward when they have a loss (these can usually be applied against future year earnings for tax obligation objectives). Investors in C-Corps have no tax effects from revenues or losses as an outcome of possessing shares in the entity, and would only need to pay tax obligations if they were to get a returns settlement from the company or were to market their shares for a profit. In addition, the ‘Corporate Shroud’ of C-Corps is very solid in lawful situations, suggesting it is virtually unusual that an investor of a company would certainly have any legal liability for the activities of business by virtue of merely being a shareholder. While LLCs have similar protections, they are much less evaluated in the courts as well as because these entities are usually related to personal businesses, it is in some instances feasible for plantiffs to “pierce the company veil”. There is a huge amount of legal precendent for C-Corporations, which is an important factor to consider, particularly as you service expands as well as the probability of some jerk attempting to bilk cash from you for some fake legal claim rises (do you get the feeling we do not like test legal representatives?).
The primary negatives for a C-Corp is that they are rather much more costly to maintain from a legal and also tax filings point of view, as well as face “double taxation” when distributing revenues to shareholders. This 2nd item is one of the most crucial, and is best discussed with a quick example. Take a company that pays 25% in tax obligations on every buck of revenue, with investors who each pay tax obligations at a 30% reliable rate. The company reports revenues of $1,000 for the year, and also pays $250 of that in tax obligations. The company decides to pay the rest to shareholders, so pays out $750 in dividends. Investors report these rewards and also revenue, as well as are tired on them at the 30% rate (not at the lower Capital Gains tax obligation price), so of the $750 in returns paid out, $225 mosts likely to pay tax obligations. So, with a C-Corp, of the $1,000 in profits, $475, or 47.5% is paid in taxes. If the entity were a LLC, the business would certainly pay no tax on the $1,000 earnings. Instead, individuals would certainly pay taxes on these earnings at their personal tax price, so in this example, $300 would certainly go in the direction of taxes, and the various other $700 would certainly be paid to investors. This is a 17.5% tax obligation pinch hit having a C-Corp framework, which huges (as well as in our view a ridiculous procedure, yet we question this gets changed anytime quickly, or ever before).
Right here is the bright side. If you are intending to increase venture capital or money from Angel investors, it is not likely you will certainly ever before pay rewards anyways, so you should not allow the dual taxation problem bother you too much. Investors expecting to make multiples on their initial investment are going to have a difficult time gaining an acceptable rate of return based on returns repayments. While every preferred funding framework we have ever before seen has rewards as component of the offer, these are non-cumulative (or need to be) and also are really just in position as a defense mechanism for investors (to avoid common holders from paying every one of the funding in an organisation to themselves).
On balance, we would suggest you opt for a C-Corp unless you are a small business or have a little team of owners. This is one to go over with your founders and legal consultants, however if you would check any one of packages in the quick recap above for C-Corp, we ‘d recommend going that route.
Quick note: It is possible to transform an entity from a LLC to a C-Corp. It could be a pain to do this, however it can be achieved, so do not worry if you are currently formed as a LLC, you could alter it later– we ‘d advise you plan to do it in conjunction with an outside funding round as it is not a low-cost process. Allowing prospective investors recognize you are a LLC yet plan to transform with the financing can help with the slight knock we assume you’ll get for being a LLC to begin with.
2nd quick note: If you intend to self-fund the business for a few years before elevating outdoors funding and also enjoy ideal tax obligation planning (and also have a great tax and corporate attorney), take into consideration structuring as an LLC in order to acknowledge very early year losses personally prior to you raise outside cash. Plan to transform when your organisation begins to develop an earnings or when you raise outdoors resources (whichever precedes). This only functions if you are self financing with a significant quantity of loan, as well as will need added work (and also lawful charges), so we question this is the right path for regarding 97% of individuals reading this post, yet we like tax obligation optimization so figured we ‘d mention it for the 3% of you available.
. Possible consumers may feel that a firm is much more considerable as well as more “actual” compared to an LLC.
The company will certainly earn a profit right after the incorporation as well as will disperse it to the investors.
To your 2nd concern, you are far better off working with a legal representative to do it for you if there is more than someone (meaning you will certainly need an Operating Contract) or there is any kind of complexity.
I agree that probably one of the most vital part is composing a great operating arrangement, solutions like legal zoom will certainly not offer you with a personalized Operating Agreement as well as accounting professionals do not truly like drafting controling documents.
Every state requires every LLC to have an operating arrangement as well as it is among one of the most important records you’ll ever before plan for your LLC. legalzoom feedback
An operating contract that is customized to your LLC needs to be prepared and also submitted by your service lawyer to make sure that it is precise and complete.
As a local business owner you will legalzoom feedback intend to develop a lawful entity framework to get restricted responsibility defense. A popular method to get limited obligation security is to form a LLC to protect your personal possessions from lenders, debtors, and legal cases. Among the foremost factors for you to create an LLC is the advantage of having restricted responsibility protection. Limited responsibility protection is managed to all members of an LLC An LLC needs to be operated with a full separation of personal as well as company properties. One benefit of developing an LLC is that of go through tax status, or revenue flowing through the entity to the members or owners. In order to keep the benefit of limited liability protection, the company needs to adhere to all local, government, and also state regulations. The company has to also do every little thing that is required to preserve a good business status, pay all needed tax obligations, as well as file all required documents. legalzoom feedback
legalzoom feedback Prior to you determine if submitting an LLC is right for your particular scenario, you will certainly should learn about a few of the benefits, threats, and also demands that will certainly impact you and also your company. Below are some of the benefits of developing an LLC legalzoom feedback
When determining to form a LLC you will should look at all of the alternatives that are available to you. First is the understanding that all services, whether they are firms, LLCs, sole-proprietorships, or partnerships could deduct their business expenses. You do not should create an entity to have the advantage of deducting your expenditures. Having the condition of LLC or Firm may restrict your exposure to audit, however it does not give even more tax reductions compared to a single proprietorship. For instance, a sole proprietorship could subtract any reputable business expense; such as cellular phone, vehicle miles, gas utilized for service traveling, airplane fare for business travel, and so on. Consult your Certified Public Accountant to verify that this is true for your specific circumstance.
legalzoom feedback With either a LLC or an S Company, all of the business profits as well as losses will pass-through to the owners of the business each year. When you file your individual taxes, your accountant needs to give you with a K1 for your organisation and also consist of the earnings or loss statement within your individual tax return. This is various from that of a c firm since a c company exists as a lawful and different entity from its investors. The police officers & supervisors are responsible for taxes, not the shareholders. The c-corporation is responsible for creating the government a check for all the revenues made within the tax obligation year. The shareholders would consist of on their income tax return any kind of returns or wage obtained from the business in the year, as well as not the specific revenue earned by the company.
LLC must preserve an operating contract. An operating arrangement is commonly taken into consideration a roadmap for your organisation. It will provide the members, or proprietors, instructions specificing how you can deal with certain circumstances for business.legalzoom feedback
Articles of Company have to be submitted with your Assistant of States Corporation Bureau. Most Assistant of States internet site supply comprehensive guidelines on ways to submit, where to file, what does it cost? to pay, and the yearly requirements if any type of. As an example, the State of The golden state calls for all LLCs to submit an annual Statement of Information outlining the participants of the entity. This kind is additionally needed for companies.
Seems rather easy does not it? Well establishing the LLC usually is very easy, especially if you are preparing to operate a single or two members LLC. The even more facility your business plan, the extra intricate both the operating contract and short articles will come to be. If you are planning on setting up a company as an LLC with participants which you do not know, you must think about consulting with an attorney to protect your legal rights. There are many examples of legalzoom feedbackbusinesses that do not succeed, as well as instances of businesses that have monitoring concerns as well as differing point of views in between participants. Protect your interest by investing the additional money and time as well as make sure that you have shielded your possessions. A lawyer will have the ability to assist you as well as signal you to any type of challenges that could take place.
There are several solution firms readily available and this might be an excellent route for you if you are planning on establishing a single member or multi member LLC. Prior to you submit, do your homework as well as make sure that you could trust your partners which you have the appropriate posts and also running agreement in position.
As discussed previously, you can develop a LLC by self-filing your write-ups, pay a company, get in touch with an attorney, and even talk to your accounting professional. No matter which filing method you favor and even choose, you should think about your LLC from a tax obligation perspective. When you have actually decided that an L.L.C. or firm is ideal for you, the significant determining element ought to be to decrease your total taxes. Each state will have different tax obligation requirements as well as tax rates so check with your accountant and ask which is best for you. Some articles or web sites will declare that one is far better than the various other, but its outside of the extent of a write-up making this case.
Many States now supply on-line filing approaches for starting your LLC. Declaring online in lots of states is simple and takes just a couple of minutes. You will certainly should have a major charge card or debit card to complete the procedure of setting up your LLC. Once you put your order online, the state will review it as well as normally respond within 1-5 service days.
Initially, you will certainly have to look for name availability. This process is commonly simple as the majority of states provide website to check for available names. You can make use of the openly supplied tools to search for available names within your state.
Next off, you will certainly want to adhere to state needs that can be found on Assistant of State internet site. Visit the state website to find an example as well as make sure that you comply with the article needs or your papers will be returned for improvement. In states like California and New york city, returned files can waste useful time. legalzoom feedback
You should watch your operating arrangement as a roadmap for your LLC as well as an overview of take care of the tough questions. The function of having a well-detailed operating contract is to define how the members as well as even more notably business need to respond to particular situations. An operating contract is required for all LLCs despite state. An operating arrangement includes less worth for a 1 participant LLC because there is no possibility of difference between the members.legalzoom feedback Nonetheless, if you have 50 participants in an LLC, it will certainly be crucial to plainly information an operating agreement. A well created running contract will certainly work as a guideline for dealing with many tight spots. If your operating arrangement doesn’t specify what to do in a specific scenario you may intend to call a special meeting of the members to change the operating agreement.
An LLC, like a company, could exist , or otherwise have an ending day. An LLC could likewise be configuration with an end date for dissolution. legalzoom feedback If you want to liquify your LLC you might wind up having your service examined by the IRS. It is a fact that several organisations obtain investigated when they liquify, so prefer to begin and close your organisation wisely. Always consult your accounting professional prior to dissolving a service.
In some situations, dissolving an LLC can be rather easy to do, and also it is finished in the majority of states by submitting a basic type informing the state of the objective to liquify.
Developing an LLC is easy and while you can do it on your own, you may be much better off seeking specialist assistance when setting up your service. In some situations you will certainly require the assistance of a lawyer, accountant or both. With any luck after reviewing this you have a far better concept regarding the needs and several of the potential mistakes of establishing and running your own LLC. While this post is not implied to have every one of the answers, it will ideally give you a good basis for progressing with the development of your new LLC.
LLC stands for a minimal responsibility company. LLC’s operate similar way as a corporation, in that it is a lawful entity that can conduct business under its own name. Increasingly more business owners’ are choosing to develop LLC’s yearly however why precisely are so many business owners currently doing this?
As the name restricted liability suggests the reason that numerous business owners are making a decision to form an LLC is to reduce their personal responsibility. For instance if you continuously operate your business as a single proprietor or partnership you are directly in charge of any kind of business financial obligations as well as for suit negotiation responsibilities brought versus your service. Put simply almost whatever you possess could potentially be at risk and also be used to work out organisation debts. When you established an LLC you are in effect dividing your business from yourself. By doing this you are helping to secure possessions such as your personal financial savings and also other property including your lorries, bank accounts, residence and so on
. By forming an LLC, preserving and operating it effectively, you in addition to other members (proprietors of an llc are called participants) involved need to not be held personally responsible for things that might go wrong throughout the program of service or any one of the financial debts that are run into. This means that personal properties of the participants are safeguarded as well as won’t be used as a method of resolving service financial debts.
So just how precisely do you tackle developing an LLC? Think it or not if you wish to create an LLC you will certainly locate it to be a rather straightforward procedure as well as it may be among the most effective points that you ever before provide for your organisation. Actually all you actually have to do is the following to earn it lawful and also a reality:.
First you will have to pick a name for your business. There are two crucial factors when it comes to doing this. The obvious one is you should make sure the name you want is offered and also second of all you have to make sure that it complies with your state’s minimal responsibility company statutes such as ending with LLC. Additionally, some words may be restricted by your state such as bank or insurance policy.
Following you have to file development records with the state. These are usually described as the write-ups of organization or a certification of development, There is a charge to submit the papers with the state and also can range between $50 to $500. When your LLC declaring has been accepted by the state you should after that create an LLC operating contract. Within this agreement you ought to lay out the rights as well as obligations of each of the LLC participants.
Finally a couple of states require that you publish notification that the LLC formation has been finished. See to it to examine if this is called for by your state. As soon as this is finished you then simply have to obtain a Federal Tax obligation ID Number (FEIN) as well as any kind of licenses as well as allows that might be needed for your kind of business.
LLC’s or a Restricted Liability Company is a kind of entity that you are able to register in various states. You have the ability to register a LLC via the Secretary of States’ office in the state that you wish to create an LLC within.
LLC’s are developed for several factors and one significant factor could be the tax obligation advantages that could be gotten. Tax Obligations for Minimal Obligation Companies are done using something called pass through tax. This suggests that the earnings earned by the service as well as taxes for business would certainly be reported by the participants of the Restricted Obligation Company, it would not be different from the individual.
Like Firms, LLC’s are able to provide responsibility security for your business. It offers protection by creating splitting up in between you as a private and the business. As long as the LLC is set up properly, it will protect you from any type of responsibilities or problems incurred by the service. legalzoom feedback
An advantage that Limited Obligation Companies additionally provide is the freedom to run your organisation without the problem of continuous coverage. Unlike corporations, LLC’s are not called for to keep a record of meeting mins e.t.c. This makes it a lot simpler to run an LLC, particularly for new business owners who won’t have time to invest ensuring they did the best paper job.
Using a third party to register new LLC’s, can be beneficial also. Not only does it eliminate the problem of paper job, but it also provides you the guarantee that the documentation is done correctly, eliminating any opportunity of issues in the future.
C-Corp: You are intending to raise outside funding from a group of investors, think your company will grow to be an industry and also potentially go public one day, or you would certainly prefer to have all taxes dealt with at the business degree instead of passed thru to specific investors including on your own.
LLC: You expect your business to be smaller sized as well as not have as numerous investors, and to raise little (if any kind of) outdoors capital. You do not anticipate to go public yet assume it is more probable you will intend to pay the earnings made by the company bent on shareholders on a regular basis.
Still cannot make a decision? We’ll define each entity type in more detail which hopefully assists with your decision making.
LLC– Restricted Responsibility Company. These entities were developed to enable company owner to set-up a lawful entity that gives them individual lawful as well as monetary securities (presuming you do not co-sign for the LLC’s obligations) while preserving a tax obligation reporting framework that allows the business owner to record revenues and losses on their personal taxes. Therefore, LLC’s are considered “Pass Through” entities for tax obligation purposes, suggesting that the taxed revenues or losses for business are passed thru to the business owners, that tape-record these as component of their personal tax obligation filings. The LLC does not pay company taxes commercial as well as does not gather losses for future tax offsets. All this is passed thru to owners.
The LLC framework is commonly best for smaller firms where there are a few owners that are actively associated with the business operations (proprietors of an LLC are split right into energetic and easy owners, as well as passive proprietors obtain considerably fewer tax obligation advantages from an LLC framework. To be considered “Energetic” you have to be satisfy the Internal Revenue Service’s meaning of being meaningfully associated with the procedures of business). LLC’s in many states are restricted in terms of the variety of investors they could have, although this is changing and there are means around these limitations, but again, LLCs are designed for smaller sized businesses so as you grow and also your investor base grows, you may taste some of these restraints.
LLC’s are additionally a good selection in situations where you anticipate the company with have substantial earnings as well as you plan to pay those bent on shareholders on a regular basis. Due to the fact that they are “Pass Thru” entities, LLC’s are not taxed for the revenues and rather this is done at the specific owner level. For that reason, any type of cash money from profits in the LLC has actually been spent for in terms of taxes already by the proprietors, and could be dispersed to owners without additional tax due. This is various from a C-Corporation that encounters exactly what is referred to as “Double Tax” in that the company pays taxes for its revenues, and after that investors pay taxes for any kind of distributions (rewards) paid to them. It is essential to keep in mind that LLC’s do not need to disperse profits to shareholders. You could choose to keep revenues in the company rather to reinvest in business (or simply maintain for a wet day). Each owners share of these revenues is tracked in their capital account (part of the equity item of your balance sheet).
We do not have data to reveal it, however have actually heard from some individuals that they believe LLC’s get marked down values to some extent in an acquisition, particularly if the acquirer is a C-Corp (note: essentially every public company in the United States is a C-Corp). There are 2 probable debates for this view. First, since LLCs are not exhausted, they are more probable to have some fashionable things going on when it concerns funding accounts, preserved earnings, and so on. Since C-Corp finance teams do not understand LLCs as well, they can be naturally cautious, which might impact the valuation paid. The 2nd reason is that it is perceived as being much easier for a C-Corp to acquire another C-Corp, whether it is the process of taking on impressive supply alternatives, dealing with tax issues for the stub year of the procurement or various other variables, there is possibly some practical argument here. Once more, we do not have information to back this up, however it is worth mentioning as you think about the best structure for your business.
One last note on LLCs. If you have any strategies to increase loan from institutional investors, DO NOT create a LLC. There is a straightforward explanation for this. Most endeavor funds are forbidden from purchasing LLC’s since these entities could create UBTI (unrelated organisation taxable income) for the venture fund, and therefore for the funds limited partners. Most of venture fund limited partners are non-profit entities, and also among the most convenient ways to screw up this classification is to obtain UBTI. As a result, venture fund records go to fantastic lengths to ensure they will certainly not be in a circumstance where they could handle UBTI. Before you create a comment below, yes, you are appropriate, there are a lot of instances of venture companies purchasing LLCs (delay, but you stated …). NONETHELESS, in these cases, the funds in fact invested in something called a “blocker corp”, which is a C-Corp formed for the express objective of investing in a LLC. This “blocker corp” effectively blocks UBTI from entering the fund, because it is taken care of within the blocker corp’s C-Corp framework. So, yes, they CAN make an investment in an LLC, it is a pain in the ass for endeavor funds to do this and they would substantially prefer you have a C-Corp. We would certainly likewise say that going in to pitch a venture fund with a LLC framework will certainly reveal you as being somewhat naïve regarding corporations and also endeavor funding, which might not be a major knock, yet is still a knock. Given that, why supply a possible factor for a possible financier to look somewhere else?
C-Corporation. C-Corporations are just what we take “regular” service entities due to the fact that these are the types of entities we see as well as collaborate with on a daily basis. C-Corps are taxed service entities, meaning that each year they report their profits/losses and pay tax obligations (state as well as government) when they earn a profit, and also record a tax obligation loss carryforward when they have a loss (these can generally be applied against future year profits for tax obligation purposes). Shareholders in C-Corps have no tax obligation effects from profits or losses as a result of owning shares in the entity, as well as would only need to pay taxes if they were to get a returns settlement from the company or were to sell their shares for a revenue. Additionally, the ‘Company Shroud’ of C-Corps is extremely strong in lawful situations, implying it is virtually uncommon that a shareholder of a company would certainly have any kind of legal obligation for the actions of business because of simply being a shareholder. While LLCs have similar defenses, they are less evaluated in the courts and also due to the fact that these entities are frequently related to individual companies, it remains in some cases feasible for plantiffs to “pierce the business shroud”. There is a substantial amount of legal precendent for C-Corporations, which is a crucial factor to consider, particularly as you organisation expands and the possibility of some jerk trying to bilk money from you for some fraudulent legal claim increases (do you get the feeling we do not like trial legal representatives?).
The main negatives for a C-Corp is that they are rather much more costly to keep from a lawful and tax filings perspective, and also face “double tax” when dispersing profits to investors. This second piece is one of the most crucial, and is best clarified with a fast example. Take a company that pays 25% in tax obligations on every buck of profit, with shareholders who each pay tax obligations at a 30% efficient price. The company reports earnings of $1,000 for the year, and pays $250 of that in taxes. The company chooses to pay the rest to shareholders, so pays out $750 in dividends. Shareholders report these returns as well as earnings, and also are taxed on them at the 30% rate (not at the lower Resources Gains tax rate), so of the $750 in dividends paid, $225 goes to pay tax obligations. So, with a C-Corp, of the $1,000 in earnings, $475, or 47.5% is paid in tax obligations. If the entity were a LLC, business would certainly pay no tax on the $1,000 revenues. Instead, individuals would certainly pay taxes on these revenues at their personal tax rate, so in this instance, $300 would go in the direction of tax obligations, and also the various other $700 would be paid to shareholders. This is a 17.5% tax hit for having a C-Corp framework, which huges (and in our sight a ridiculous process, yet we doubt this obtains changed anytime quickly, or ever before).
Below is the bright side. If you are preparing to elevate financial backing or money from Angel investors, it is unlikely you will certainly ever pay dividends anyways, so you must not let the dual tax problem bother you too much. Investors anticipating to make multiples on their preliminary investment are going to have a difficult time gaining an appropriate price of return based on dividend settlements. While every liked financing framework we have ever seen has rewards as part of the offer, these are non-cumulative (or must be) and also are actually only in position as a defense reaction for financiers (to stop typical owners from paying every one of the resources in a business to themselves).
On balance, we would certainly suggest you select a C-Corp unless you are a small business or have a little group of proprietors. This is one to review with your co-founders as well as lawful consultants, but if you would examine any one of the boxes in the fast summary over for C-Corp, we ‘d advise going that route.
Quick note: It is possible to transform an entity from a LLC to a C-Corp. It could be a pain to do this, however it can be completed, so don’t worry if you are already created as a LLC, you could alter it in the future– we would certainly recommend you plan to do it in conjunction with an outdoors funding round as it is not an economical process. Allowing potential financiers recognize you are a LLC yet plan to transform with the funding can assist with the small knock we assume you’ll obtain for being a LLC to begin with.
Second fast note: If you plan to self-fund business for a couple of years prior to increasing outside funding and enjoy ideal tax preparation (as well as have a great tax obligation and also business lawyer), consider structuring as an LLC in order to recognize very early year losses personally before you raise outside loan. Strategy to transform when your company starts to develop a profit or when you increase outside capital (whichever comes first). This just works if you are self financing with a significant amount of money, and will require added work (as well as lawful costs), so we question this is the right path for concerning 97% of the people reading this write-up, however we like tax optimization so figured we would certainly discuss it for the 3% of you available.
. Possible customers could feel that a firm is more considerable as well as extra “actual” compared to an LLC.
The company will make a profit right after the incorporation as well as will disperse it to the shareholders.
To your 2nd concern, you are better off employing a legal representative to do it for you if there is more than one person (definition you will certainly need an Operating Contract) or there is any type of complexity.
I concur that probably the most vital part is preparing a great operating arrangement, services like legal zoom will not give you with a custom Operating Contract and accountants don’t actually like preparing regulating records.
Every state needs every LLC to have an operating agreement and it is just one of one of the most essential records you’ll ever plan for your LLC. legalzoom feedback
An operating arrangement that is customized to your LLC must be prepared as well as filed by your service legal representative to make sure that it is precise and complete.
2018 Disclosure: We receive compensation from the companies whose products and services we recommend.
As a small business owner you will certainly northwest registered agent contact wish to create a legal entity structure to acquire minimal responsibility security. A prominent way to acquire minimal liability security is to form a LLC to protect your personal assets from financial institutions, debtors, as well as lawful insurance claims. Among the leading reasons for you to form an LLC is the advantage of having actually restricted liability defense. Restricted responsibility defense is managed to all members of an LLC An LLC must be operated with a full splitting up of personal and business possessions. One advantage of creating an LLC is that of pass through taxes standing, or earnings flowing through the entity to the participants or owners. In order to preserve the benefit of limited responsibility security, the company needs to stick to all regional, federal, as well as state legislations. The company needs to additionally do whatever that is called for to maintain an excellent corporate condition, pay all called for taxes, and also submit all needed documents. northwest registered agent contact
northwest registered agent contact Before you make a decision if submitting an LLC is best for your details circumstance, you will should discover a few of the benefits, dangers, and needs that will certainly influence you and your company. Below are several of the benefits of forming an LLC northwest registered agent contact
Pass through taxes for LLC similar to sole-proprietorship or partnership. northwest registered agent contact
When deciding to form a LLC you will should check out all the choices that are available to you. First is the understanding that services, whether they are firms, LLCs, sole-proprietorships, or collaborations could deduct their business expenses. You do not have to create an entity to have the benefit of deducting your costs. Having the condition of LLC or Firm might limit your direct exposure to audit, yet it does not offer more tax reductions as compared to a single proprietorship. For instance, a sole proprietorship could subtract any legitimate overhead; such as cellular phone, car miles, gas made use of for business traveling, aircraft fare for service travel, and so on. Contact your Certified Public Accountant to validate that this holds true for your certain circumstance.
northwest registered agent contact With either a LLC or an S Firm, every one of the business revenues as well as losses will pass-through to the owners of the business every year. When you submit your individual taxes, your accountant needs to give you with a K1 for your organisation and consist of the profit or loss declaration within your individual tax return. This is various from that of a c firm since a c company exists as a lawful and also different entity from its shareholders. The police officers & directors are responsible for taxes, not the investors. The c-corporation is accountable for composing the government a check for all of the profits earned within the tax year. The investors would certainly consist of on their income tax return any dividends or income obtained from business in the year, and also not the particular earnings earned by the service.
LLC must maintain an operating agreement. An operating agreement is frequently considered a roadmap for your company. It will certainly offer the members, or owners, direction describing how you can deal with certain scenarios for business.northwest registered agent contact
Articles of Organization need to be filed with your Assistant of States Company Bureau. Many Assistant of States website provide detailed directions on the best ways to submit, where to file, what does it cost? to pay, and also the annual demands if any kind of. As an example, the State of The golden state calls for all LLCs to file an annual Statement of Details specificing the members of the entity. This kind is likewise needed for companies.
Seems very easy does not it? Well establishing the LLC generally is easy, particularly if you are intending to run a solitary or 2 members LLC. The even more facility your organisation plan, the much more complicated both the operating agreement and articles will become. If you are planning on setting up a service as an LLC with participants which you do not know, you need to consider seeking advice from an attorney to shield your rights. There are numerous instances of northwest registered agent contactorganisations that don’t succeed, and also examples of companies that have monitoring problems and differing viewpoints in between members. Protect your interest by investing the added money and time and also make sure that you have actually shielded your possessions. A lawyer will certainly have the ability to direct you as well as signal you to any type of risks that may happen.
There are lots of service business readily available and this may be a great route for you if you are planning on establishing a single participant or multi participant LLC. Prior to you file, do your research and also make sure that you could trust your partners which you have the proper articles and running contract in position.
The best ways to Form an LLC and pay much less in tax obligations. northwest registered agent contact
As mentioned earlier, you could develop a LLC by self-filing your write-ups, pay a company, get in touch with a lawyer, or perhaps talk to your accountant. Despite which declaring technique you prefer or even select, you need to think about your LLC from a tax obligation perspective. Once you have actually chosen that an L.L.C. or company is appropriate for you, the major determining variable should be to lower your general tax obligations. Each state will certainly have various tax obligation demands and tax rates so talk to your accountant as well as ask which is best for you. Some posts or web sites will claim that a person is far better than the other, yet its beyond the scope of a short article to earn this claim.
Numerous States currently provide online filing approaches for beginning your LLC. Filing online in several states is very easy and also takes just a few minutes. You will certainly should have a significant bank card or debit card to complete the process of setting up your LLC. Once you position your order online, the state will certainly review it and also usually react within 1-5 business days.
Initially, you will should check for name accessibility. This process is generally simple as many states use website to check for readily available names. You can utilize the easily provided tools to seek offered names within your state.
Next, you will want to follow state needs that can be found on Assistant of State internet site. Go to the state website to find a sample and make sure that you follow the write-up requirements or your files will be returned for adjustment. In states like California as well as New york city, returned files can lose beneficial time. northwest registered agent contact
You should watch your operating arrangement as a roadmap for your LLC and also an overview of manage the tough questions. The function of having a well-detailed operating contract is to define exactly how the participants and even more significantly business must react to certain circumstances. An operating contract is needed for all LLCs regardless of state. An operating arrangement adds much less worth for a 1 member LLC because there is no likelihood of disagreement in between the members.northwest registered agent contact However, if you have 50 participants in an LLC, it will be essential to clearly detail an operating arrangement. A well written operating contract will certainly function as a guideline for fixing numerous difficult situations. If your operating contract does not specify exactly what to do in a specific circumstance you might intend to call a special meeting of the members to change the operating contract.
An LLC, like a firm, can exist in perpetuity, or otherwise have an ending date. An LLC can likewise be configuration with an end day for dissolution. northwest registered agent contact If you wish to dissolve your LLC you could end up having your business investigated by the IRS. It is a reality that several services get audited when they dissolve, so decide to begin and close your organisation wisely. Constantly talk to your accountant prior to dissolving a service.
In some situations, dissolving an LLC can be fairly simple, as well as it is finished in a lot of states by submitting a simple form alerting the state of the intention to dissolve.
Creating an LLC is simple and also while you could do it on your own, you might be much better off looking for professional help when establishing your organisation. In some situations you will certainly need the aid of an attorney, accounting professional or both. Ideally after reading this you have a better idea concerning the needs as well as a few of the prospective challenges of establishing as well as running your personal LLC. While this short article is not meant to have all of the responses, it will ideally provide you an excellent basis for moving forward with the development of your brand-new LLC.
LLC stands for a limited obligation company. LLC’s run much the same means as a company, in that it is a legal entity that can conduct business under its own name. An increasing number of company owner’ are electing to form LLC’s each year but why exactly are many company owner now doing this?
As the name limited responsibility suggests the reason a lot of business owners are choosing to create an LLC is to decrease their personal obligation. For example if you continuously run your business as a single owner or partnership you are personally responsible for any service debts as well as for suit negotiation obligations brought against your organisation. Basically virtually everything you possess might possibly go to danger and also be used to work out organisation financial debts. When you established an LLC you hold separating your service from yourself. By doing this you are assisting to secure possessions such as your personal financial savings and various other residential or commercial property including your automobiles, bank accounts, house etc
. By developing an LLC, keeping and running it effectively, you along with any other members (proprietors of an llc are called participants) entailed should not be held directly responsible for things that may fail during the training course of business or any of the financial obligations that are run into. This means that individual possessions of the members are shielded and also will not be made use of as a means of resolving business financial debts.
So simply how specifically do you tackle creating an LLC? Believe it or not if you want to form an LLC you will certainly find it to be a somewhat easy process and also it could be just one of the very best things that you ever before do for your business. As a matter of fact all you actually need to do is the complying with to earn it legal as well as a truth:.
First you will need to choose a name for your service. There are 2 essential factors when it involves doing this. The noticeable one is you have to make sure the name you desire is available as well as secondly you should see to it that it follows your state’s restricted responsibility company laws such as ending with LLC. Better, some words might be restricted by your state such as financial institution or insurance.
Next you should submit development documents with the state. These are typically described as the posts of organization or a certification of formation, There is a fee to file the records with the state and could range between $50 to $500. Once your LLC declaring has actually been accepted by the state you need to after that create an LLC operating contract. Within this contract you should lay out the civil liberties and also obligations of each of the LLC participants.
Lastly a few states need that you publish notification that the LLC formation has actually been finished. Make sure to check if this is required by your state. As soon as this is completed you then simply need to acquire a Federal Tax ID Number (FEIN) as well as any type of licenses and allows that might be required for your sort of business.
LLC’s or a Minimal Responsibility Company is a type of entity that you have the ability to sign up in different states. You have the ability to register a LLC through the Assistant of States’ workplace in the state that you intend to develop an LLC within.
LLC’s are produced for many different factors as well as one significant factor could be the tax obligation advantages that can be acquired. Tax Obligations for Minimal Obligation Business are done making use of something called travel through tax. This means that the revenue gained by the service along with taxes for the business would certainly be reported by the members of the Limited Liability Company, it would not be different from the person.
Like Companies, LLC’s have the ability to offer liability defense for your organisation. It provides security by producing separation in between you as a specific and the business. As long as the LLC is established appropriately, it will certainly shield you from any type of liabilities or problems incurred by the company. northwest registered agent contact
An advantage that Limited Liability Business additionally supply is the liberty to run your business without the headache of consistent reporting. Unlike corporations, LLC’s are not called for to keep a document of meeting mins e.t.c. This makes it a lot less complicated to run an LLC, especially for brand-new local business owner who won’t have time to spend seeing to it they did the best paper work.
Using a 3rd party to sign up new LLC’s, could be useful also. Not only does it eliminate the worry of paper work, yet it likewise provides you the assurance that the paperwork is done correctly, removing any kind of possibility of problems in the future.
C-Corp: You are intending to elevate outside funding from a group of financiers, think your company will expand to be an industry and also potentially go public one day, or you ‘d favor to have all tax took care of at the corporate degree as opposed to passed thru to individual shareholders including on your own.
LLC: You expect your company to be smaller sized and also not have as numerous shareholders, and to elevate little (if any) outdoors funding. You do not anticipate to go public however assume it is most likely you will want to pay the profits made by the company bent on shareholders on a regular basis.
Still cannot determine? We’ll specify each entity key in a lot more information which hopefully aids with your decision making.
LLC– Limited Obligation Company. These entities were created to make it possible for business owners to set-up a lawful entity that gives them individual lawful and monetary securities (presuming you do not co-sign for the LLC’s responsibilities) while maintaining a tax coverage framework that enables business proprietor to record earnings as well as losses on their individual taxes. Because of this, LLC’s are considered “Pass Thru” entities for tax obligation purposes, implying that the taxed revenues or losses for the business are passed thru to business owners, that record these as part of their individual tax filings. The LLC does not pay business tax obligations for profits as well as does not build up losses for future tax offsets. All this is passed thru to proprietors.
The LLC structure is normally best for smaller companies where there are a couple of owners that are actively involved in business procedures (owners of an LLC are split right into active and easy proprietors, as well as passive owners obtain significantly fewer tax obligation advantages from an LLC structure. To be considered “Energetic” you need to be satisfy the Internal Revenue Service’s meaning of being meaningfully involved in the procedures of the business). LLC’s in a lot of states are limited in regards to the variety of shareholders they can have, although this is transforming as well as there are methods around these limitations, however again, LLCs are created for smaller organisations so as you expand and also your investor base expands, you could taste a few of these restrictions.
LLC’s are additionally an excellent choice in circumstances where you expect the company with have substantial earnings as well as you prepare to pay those out to shareholders on a regular basis. Since they are “Pass Via” entities, LLC’s are not strained for the earnings as well as instead this is done at the individual owner level. As a result, any money from earnings in the LLC has been paid for in terms of taxes currently by the proprietors, and also can be dispersed to owners without any additional tax due. This is various from a C-Corporation that encounters just what is referred to as “Double Taxation” in that the company pays tax obligations for its earnings, and after that investors pay taxes for any kind of distributions (rewards) paid to them. It is essential to keep in mind that LLC’s do not need to disperse profits to shareholders. You could choose to maintain profits in the company rather to reinvest in business (or simply keep for a rainy day). Each owners share of these earnings is tracked in their resources account (part of the equity item of your balance sheet).
We do not have information to show it, but have actually learnt through some people that they think LLC’s obtain marked down worths to some degree in a procurement, particularly if the acquirer is a C-Corp (note: essentially every public company in the United States is a C-Corp). There are 2 possible arguments for this sight. First, since LLCs are not exhausted, they are most likely to have some cool stuff going on when it involves resources accounts, preserved incomes, and so on. Due to the fact that C-Corp finance teams do not recognize LLCs as well, they can be not surprisingly cautious, which might affect the valuation paid. The 2nd factor is that it is perceived as being less complicated for a C-Corp to buy one more C-Corp, whether it is the procedure of taking on exceptional supply options, dealing with tax issues for the stub year of the acquisition or other variables, there is possibly some sensible disagreement here. Once again, we do not have information to back this up, yet it is worth pointing out as you take into consideration the best structure for your service.
One last note on LLCs. If you have any plans to raise loan from institutional investors, DO NOT develop a LLC. There is a straightforward description for this. A lot of venture funds are restricted from purchasing LLC’s because these entities could create UBTI (unrelated organisation taxable income) for the venture fund, and for that reason for the funds minimal partners. Most of venture fund restricted companions are charitable entities, as well as one of the easiest ways to screw up this category is to obtain UBTI. As a result, venture fund records most likely to terrific sizes to guarantee they will not be in a circumstance where they could take on UBTI. Prior to you create a comment below, yes, you are right, there are lots of examples of venture firms purchasing LLCs (delay, yet you said …). NONETHELESS, in these situations, the funds actually invested in something called a “blocker corp”, which is a C-Corp developed for the specific function of buying a LLC. This “blocker corp” successfully obstructs UBTI from coming into the fund, since it is handled within the blocker corp’s C-Corp structure. So, yes, they TIN make a financial investment in an LLC, it is an annoyance for endeavor funds to do this as well as they would considerably prefer you have a C-Corp. We ‘d likewise argue that entering to pitch a venture fund with a LLC structure will certainly show you as being rather naïve about companies and venture financing, which could not be a major knock, yet is still a knock. Considered that, why provide a feasible factor for a prospective capitalist to look elsewhere?
C-Corporation. C-Corporations are just what we take “routine” business entities since these are the types of entities we see as well as work with each day. C-Corps are taxed company entities, meaning that every year they report their profits/losses and pay taxes (state as well as government) when they make a profit, and record a tax loss carryforward when they have a loss (these can generally be used against future year revenues for tax obligation purposes). Investors in C-Corps have no tax obligation implications from revenues or losses as a result of owning shares in the entity, as well as would only have to pay tax obligations if they were to obtain a dividend settlement from the company or were to market their shares for a profit. In addition, the ‘Business Veil’ of C-Corps is very solid in legal circumstances, indicating it is basically unheard of that an investor of a firm would have any legal obligation for the activities of the business because of simply being a shareholder. While LLCs have comparable defenses, they are less tested in the courts and due to the fact that these entities are frequently related to personal organisations, it is in some situations possible for plantiffs to “pierce the corporate shroud”. There is a huge quantity of lawful precendent for C-Corporations, which is a crucial consideration, especially as you business grows and the chance of some jerk trying to bilk cash from you for some bogus lawful claim rises (do you obtain the sense we do not such as test legal representatives?).
The main downsides for a C-Corp is that they are somewhat extra expensive to preserve from a legal and also tax filings viewpoint, and also face “dual tax” when dispersing earnings to shareholders. This second piece is one of the most crucial, as well as is finest described with a fast instance. Take a company that pays 25% in tax obligations on every buck of earnings, with shareholders who each pay tax obligations at a 30% efficient rate. The company reports earnings of $1,000 for the year, and also pays $250 of that in tax obligations. The company chooses to pay the rest to shareholders, so pays $750 in rewards. Investors report these rewards and also earnings, as well as are tired on them at the 30% price (not at the lower Funding Gains tax rate), so of the $750 in returns paid, $225 mosts likely to pay tax obligations. So, with a C-Corp, of the $1,000 in earnings, $475, or 47.5% is paid in taxes. If the entity were a LLC, the business would certainly pay no tax on the $1,000 earnings. Instead, people would pay tax obligations on these earnings at their personal tax rate, so in this instance, $300 would certainly go to taxes, and the various other $700 would be paid to shareholders. This is a 17.5% tax hit for having a C-Corp structure, which is big (and in our sight an unreasonable procedure, but we doubt this gets changed anytime quickly, or ever).
Below is the bright side. If you are intending to increase financial backing or cash from Angel investors, it is not likely you will ever before pay returns anyways, so you must not allow the dual tax issue bother you too much. Financiers expecting to make multiples on their preliminary financial investment are going to have a hard time making an acceptable rate of return based on returns repayments. While every liked financing structure we have ever before seen has rewards as part of the deal, these are non-cumulative (or ought to be) and are truly only in position as a defense mechanism for capitalists (to stop typical holders from paying out all of the funding in a company to themselves).
On equilibrium, we would suggest you opt for a C-Corp unless you are a small business or have a small team of proprietors. This is one to discuss with your founders and lawful experts, yet if you would inspect any one of packages in the quick recap over for C-Corp, we ‘d suggest going that route.
Quick note: It is feasible to transform an entity from a LLC to a C-Corp. It can be a discomfort to do this, but it can be achieved, so do not stress if you are already developed as a LLC, you could alter it later– we ‘d suggest you intend to do it along with an outside funding round as it is not a low-cost process. Allowing potential financiers know you are a LLC yet plan to transform with the funding could aid with the small knock we assume you’ll obtain for being a LLC in the first place.
2nd fast note: If you plan to self-fund business for a few years prior to elevating outdoors capital and enjoy optimum tax obligation preparation (and have an excellent tax obligation and corporate attorney), consider structuring as an LLC in order to acknowledge very early year losses personally before you raise outdoors loan. Strategy to convert when your organisation starts to develop a revenue or when you raise outside capital (whichever precedes). This just works if you are self financing with a meaningful amount of cash, and also will call for additional job (and legal costs), so we doubt this is the ideal path for concerning 97% of individuals reading this article, however we like tax obligation optimization so figured we ‘d state it for the 3% of you out there.
. Prospective customers could feel that a corporation is extra substantial as well as a lot more “actual” than an LLC.
The company will make a profit right after the incorporation as well as will distribute it to the shareholders.
To your 2nd concern, you are much better off working with a lawyer to do it for you if there is greater than a single person (significance you will require an Operating Contract) or there is any type of intricacy.
I agree that probably one of the most fundamental part is drafting a good operating contract, solutions like legal zoom will certainly not provide you with a personalized Operating Agreement as well as accountants don’t really like preparing regulating files.
Every state needs every LLC to have an operating contract as well as it is just one of one of the most important papers you’ll ever prepare for your LLC. northwest registered agent contact
An operating contract that is customized to your LLC needs to be prepared and filed by your business attorney so that it is accurate as well as full.
As a local business proprietor you will certainly northwest registered agent contact want to develop a lawful entity structure to acquire restricted responsibility security. A preferred means to get limited liability defense is to create a LLC to protect your personal possessions from lenders, debtors, and also lawful cases. Among the foremost reasons for you to create an LLC is the benefit of having actually limited responsibility defense. Limited obligation defense is managed to all participants of an LLC An LLC ought to be run with a total splitting up of individual and service properties. One advantage of forming an LLC is that of go through taxes standing, or revenue moving through the entity to the members or owners. In order to preserve the opportunity of limited liability defense, the company should adhere to all regional, government, and state regulations. The company must likewise do every little thing that is needed to preserve a great business status, pay all called for taxes, and file all necessary documentation. northwest registered agent contact
northwest registered agent contact Before you determine if submitting an LLC is appropriate for your particular circumstance, you will should learn about some of the advantages, risks, and needs that will influence you and your company. Right here are some of the benefits of creating an LLC northwest registered agent contact
Go through tax for LLC similar to sole-proprietorship or partnership. northwest registered agent contact
When determining to create a LLC you will should consider all of the alternatives that are offered to you. First is the understanding that organisations, whether they are companies, LLCs, sole-proprietorships, or collaborations can deduct their overhead. You do not need to create an entity to have the benefit of deducting your costs. Having the standing of LLC or Corporation may restrict your exposure to audit, but it does not give even more tax reductions as compared to a sole proprietorship. For instance, a single proprietorship could subtract any reputable overhead; such as cell phone, car miles, gas made use of for organisation traveling, airplane fare for business traveling, etc. Talk to your CPA to validate that this holds true for your certain situation.
northwest registered agent contact With either a LLC or an S Firm, all of the business revenues and losses will certainly pass-through to the owners of business each year. When you submit your personal taxes, your accountant must offer you with a K1 for your organisation and consist of the profit or loss declaration within your individual income tax return. This is different from that of a c corporation since a c corporation exists as a lawful and also separate entity from its investors. The policemans & supervisors are responsible for tax obligations, not the shareholders. The c-corporation is responsible for writing the federal government a check for every one of the revenues made within the tax obligation year. The shareholders would certainly consist of on their tax returns any dividends or wage got from the business in the year, as well as not the particular revenue gained by the company.
LLC needs to keep an operating agreement. An operating contract is typically taken into consideration a roadmap for your company. It will certainly offer the participants, or proprietors, instructions outlining the best ways to take care of particular situations for business.northwest registered agent contact
Articles of Organization must be submitted with your Secretary of States Corporation Bureau. The Majority Of Assistant of States web sites provide detailed directions on ways to file, where to submit, what does it cost? to pay, and also the annual requirements if any type of. For instance, the State of California calls for all LLCs to file a yearly Statement of Info specificing the participants of the entity. This form is also required for corporations.
Seems very very easy doesn’t it? Well establishing the LLC normally is easy, especially if you are planning to run a single or two members LLC. The even more complicated your business plan, the extra complex both the operating arrangement as well as write-ups will become. If you are planning on setting up an organisation as an LLC with members which you do not know, you should take into consideration seeking advice from a lawyer to safeguard your legal rights. There are lots of examples of northwest registered agent contactcompanies that don’t prosper, and examples of organisations that have administration problems and also differing opinions in between members. Secure your rate of interest by spending the additional time and money and also make sure that you have actually shielded your assets. A lawyer will certainly be able to guide you and also alert you to any type of pitfalls that could take place.
There are numerous service companies offered and this could be an excellent path for you if you are planning on setting up a solitary member or multi member LLC. Prior to you file, do your homework as well as see to it that you could trust your companions which you have the proper articles as well as running agreement in place.
As pointed out earlier, you could form a LLC by self-filing your posts, pay a service provider, consult an attorney, or even speak to your accounting professional. Regardless of which declaring method you like or perhaps pick, you should think of your LLC from a tax obligation viewpoint. Once you have chosen that an L.L.C. or corporation is best for you, the major determining variable should be to decrease your general taxes. Each state will certainly have various tax requirements and also tax rates so talk to your accounting professional and ask which is ideal for you. Some posts or internet site will claim that one is better compared to the other, but its beyond the extent of a write-up to earn this insurance claim.
Many States now use online filing methods for beginning your LLC. Filing online in many states is very easy and takes just a couple of mins. You will have to have a major bank card or debit card to finish the procedure of establishing your LLC. When you position your order online, the state will certainly evaluate it and usually react within 1-5 business days.
First, you will have to check for name accessibility. This process is normally easy as the majority of states offer website to check for available names. You can use the easily offered tools to try to find readily available names within your state.
Next, you will certainly wish to follow state needs that can be found on Secretary of State internet site. Go to the state website to find a sample and also make certain that you comply with the post needs or your documents will certainly be returned for modification. In states like California and also New york city, returned papers can throw away useful time. northwest registered agent contact
You need to view your operating arrangement as a roadmap for your LLC and an overview of handle the difficult questions. The objective of having a well-detailed operating arrangement is to define just how the participants as well as even more significantly the business must react to specific circumstances. An operating contract is required for all LLCs no matter state. An operating contract adds less worth for a 1 member LLC since there is no possibility of difference in between the members.northwest registered agent contact Nevertheless, if you have 50 members in an LLC, it will be essential to clearly detail an operating arrangement. A well created operating arrangement will certainly serve as a guideline for settling numerous difficult situations. If your operating arrangement doesn’t specify what to do in a specific scenario you might intend to call a special meeting of the participants to amend the operating contract.
An LLC, like a corporation, can exist in perpetuity, or otherwise have a finishing date. An LLC can likewise be configuration with an end day for dissolution. northwest registered agent contact If you wish to dissolve your LLC you could wind up having your company examined by the IRS. It is a reality that several companies obtain examined when they dissolve, so decide to begin as well as close your business wisely. Constantly contact your accountant before dissolving an organisation.
In some scenarios, liquifying an LLC can be fairly easy to do, as well as it is finished in most states by filing a basic form notifying the state of the objective to dissolve.
Forming an LLC is simple and also while you can do it yourself, you may be better off seeking specialist aid when setting up your company. In some scenarios you will certainly require the help of a lawyer, accounting professional or both. Hopefully after reading this you have a better suggestion regarding the requirements and several of the prospective mistakes of establishing and also running your very own LLC. While this post is not implied to have all the responses, it will hopefully give you a great basis for moving forward with the formation of your brand-new LLC.
LLC represents a limited responsibility company. LLC’s run much the same means as a corporation, in that it is a lawful entity that could perform company under its very own name. A growing number of entrepreneur’ are choosing to create LLC’s each year but why precisely are so many business owners currently doing this?
As the name limited obligation suggests the reason why numerous entrepreneur are choosing to develop an LLC is to decrease their individual liability. For instance if you remain to operate your business as a sole owner or partnership you are personally in charge of any type of business financial debts as well as for suit settlement responsibilities brought versus your service. Simply put almost every little thing you own can potentially be at threat and be made use of to settle business debts. When you set up an LLC you are in effect separating your service from yourself. By doing this you are aiding to protect possessions such as your individual cost savings and also other property including your cars, checking account, residence and so on
. By creating an LLC, preserving and running it effectively, you as well as other participants (owners of an llc are called participants) included should not be held personally liable for points that could go wrong throughout the course of service or any of the financial debts that are encountered. This indicates that individual properties of the participants are secured and also will not be used as a way of working out company debts.
So just exactly how exactly do you deal with developing an LLC? Think it or otherwise if you intend to create an LLC you will certainly discover it to be a rather straightforward procedure as well as it might be among the very best points that you ever before do for your business. Actually all you actually need to do is the complying with making it legal and also a fact:.
First you will need to choose a name for your service. There are two important aspects when it involves doing this. The evident one is you should make sure the name you want is offered and secondly you should see to it that it abides by your state’s minimal responsibility company statutes such as finishing with LLC. Even more, some words could be forbidden by your state such as financial institution or insurance policy.
Next you need to submit development files with the state. These are typically described as the short articles of organization or a certification of formation, There is a cost to submit the documents with the state as well as could vary between $50 to $500. Once your LLC declaring has been accepted by the state you need to after that create an LLC operating arrangement. Within this contract you must lay out the civil liberties and also duties of each of the LLC members.
Finally a couple of states require that you release notification that the LLC formation has been completed. Make sure to inspect if this is called for by your state. Once this is finished you after that just have to acquire a Federal Tax ID Number (FEIN) in addition to any kind of licenses as well as allows that may be required for your type of service.
LLC’s or a Restricted Liability Company is a type of entity that you have the ability to register in various states. You are able to sign up a LLC via the Assistant of States’ workplace in the state that you wish to create an LLC within.
LLC’s are created for many different reasons as well as one major factor can be the tax benefits that can be acquired. Tax Obligations for Limited Responsibility Companies are done using something called travel through tax. This suggests that the earnings gained by the service in addition to taxes for business would be reported by the participants of the Minimal Obligation Company, it would certainly not be different from the individual.
Like Firms, LLC’s are able to supply responsibility defense for your company. It offers protection by producing separation in between you as a specific and also the business. As long as the LLC is established appropriately, it will certainly secure you from any kind of responsibilities or issues sustained by the business. northwest registered agent contact
An advantage that Minimal Obligation Firms additionally offer is the liberty to run your business without the headache of consistent coverage. Unlike companies, LLC’s are not required to keep a record of conference minutes e.t.c. This makes it a lot much easier to run an LLC, especially for new business owners who will not have time to invest making certain they did the ideal paper work.
Making use of a third party to sign up new LLC’s, could be helpful also. Not only does it get rid of the burden of paper job, yet it additionally provides you the assurance that the paperwork is done correctly, getting rid of any type of possibility of issues in the future.
C-Corp: You are planning to increase outdoors funding from a team of capitalists, believe your company will grow to be a big business and also potentially go public one day, or you ‘d prefer to have all taxation handled at the business level as opposed to passed thru to private shareholders including yourself.
LLC: You expect your service to be smaller as well as not have as lots of investors, and to increase little (if any kind of) outside funding. You do not anticipate to go public yet assume it is more probable you will certainly want to pay the revenues made by the company out to investors often.
Still can’t make a decision? We’ll define each entity enter extra detail which with any luck helps with your choice making.
LLC– Restricted Liability Company. These entities were produced to enable entrepreneur to set-up a lawful entity that provides them private legal and financial defenses (assuming you do not co-sign for the LLC’s liabilities) while keeping a tax obligation reporting structure that permits the business proprietor to record earnings and losses on their personal taxes. As such, LLC’s are thought about “Pass Through” entities for tax obligation functions, meaning that the taxed earnings or losses for the business are passed thru to business proprietors, that videotape these as part of their personal tax obligation filings. The LLC does not pay business taxes for profits as well as does not build up losses for future tax offsets. All this is passed thru to proprietors.
The LLC framework is normally best for smaller firms where there are a couple of proprietors who are proactively involved in the business operations (owners of an LLC are split right into energetic and passive proprietors, and passive proprietors get considerably less tax benefits from an LLC framework. To be taken into consideration “Energetic” you have to be satisfy the Internal Revenue Service’s definition of being meaningfully associated with the procedures of business). LLC’s in many states are restricted in terms of the number of shareholders they can have, although this is transforming and there are ways around these limits, but again, LLCs are created for smaller services so as you grow as well as your investor base expands, you might run up against a few of these constraints.
LLC’s are additionally a good selection in situations where you anticipate the company with have significant profits and you prepare to pay those out to shareholders on a regular basis. Because they are “Pass Thru” entities, LLC’s are not tired for the profits and instead this is done at the private owner level. Consequently, any cash money from earnings in the LLC has been paid for in regards to tax obligations currently by the proprietors, and can be distributed to owners without any additional tax due. This is different from a C-Corporation that encounters just what is called “Dual Taxation” because the company pays tax obligations for its revenues, and afterwards investors pay taxes for any kind of distributions (returns) paid to them. It is essential to note that LLC’s do not have to distribute revenues to shareholders. You could choose to keep revenues in the company instead to reinvest in the business (or simply keep for a rainy day). Each owners share of these revenues is tracked in their capital account (part of the equity item of your annual report).
We do not have data to show it, but have learnt through some individuals that they believe LLC’s get marked down worths to some extent in an acquisition, specifically if the acquirer is a C-Corp (note: basically every public company in the US is a C-Corp). There are two probable disagreements for this sight. First, due to the fact that LLCs are not taxed, they are most likely to have some cool stuff taking place when it concerns funding accounts, kept incomes, etc. Since C-Corp finance teams do not recognize LLCs too, they might be understandably mindful, which could affect the valuation paid. The 2nd reason is that it is regarded as being much easier for a C-Corp to purchase one more C-Corp, whether it is the process of taking on exceptional stock options, managing tax issues for the stub year of the purchase or other elements, there is probably some sensible disagreement right here. Once more, we do not have information to back this up, however it is worth pointing out as you consider the best structure for your organisation.
One last note on LLCs. If you have any kind of strategies to raise loan from institutional capitalists, DO NOT form a LLC. There is a straightforward description for this. A lot of venture funds are prohibited from investing in LLC’s because these entities could develop UBTI (unassociated business gross income) for the endeavor fund, as well as consequently for the funds minimal partners. Most of endeavor fund restricted partners are non-profit entities, and one of the simplest ways to screw up this classification is to obtain UBTI. Because of this, endeavor fund records go to excellent lengths to guarantee they will not be in a circumstance where they could handle UBTI. Prior to you compose a comment below, yes, you are right, there are a lot of examples of endeavor firms purchasing LLCs (delay, however you said …). HOWEVER, in these situations, the funds in fact bought something called a “blocker corp”, which is a C-Corp developed for the express purpose of buying a LLC. This “blocker corp” efficiently obstructs UBTI from entering the fund, because it is taken care of within the blocker corp’s C-Corp structure. So, yes, they TIN make a financial investment in an LLC, it is an annoyance for endeavor funds to do this and they would considerably favor you have a C-Corp. We ‘d also say that entering to pitch an endeavor fund with a LLC framework will certainly reveal you as being rather naïve regarding firms as well as endeavor financing, which might not be a significant knock, yet is still a knock. Considered that, why offer a feasible factor for a potential financier to look elsewhere?
C-Corporation. C-Corporations are exactly what we take “regular” organisation entities due to the fact that these are the kinds of entities we see and also collaborate with every day. C-Corps are taxed business entities, meaning that each year they report their profits/losses and also pay taxes (state as well as federal) when they make a profit, as well as videotape a tax loss carryforward when they have a loss (these can normally be applied against future year revenues for tax obligation purposes). Investors in C-Corps have no tax ramifications from profits or losses as an outcome of having shares in the entity, as well as would only need to pay taxes if they were to receive a reward settlement from the company or were to offer their shares for a revenue. Furthermore, the ‘Business Veil’ of C-Corps is really solid in lawful scenarios, suggesting it is practically unprecedented that an investor of a firm would certainly have any legal responsibility for the actions of business because of merely being a shareholder. While LLCs have similar protections, they are less examined in the courts and since these entities are usually pertaining to individual organisations, it remains in some situations possible for plantiffs to “puncture the business veil”. There is a huge quantity of lawful precendent for C-Corporations, which is a crucial consideration, specifically as you business expands and also the probability of some jerk trying to swindle loan from you for some phony lawful insurance claim rises (do you obtain the feeling we do not such as trial lawyers?).
The primary negatives for a C-Corp is that they are somewhat a lot more costly to preserve from a legal as well as tax filings point of view, and also face “dual taxes” when distributing profits to investors. This second item is the most important, as well as is best explained with a fast example. Take a company that pays 25% in taxes on every dollar of revenue, with investors who each pay tax obligations at a 30% efficient rate. The company reports earnings of $1,000 for the year, and also pays $250 of that in taxes. The company makes a decision to pay the rest to investors, so pays out $750 in rewards. Investors report these dividends and revenue, and also are tired on them at the 30% rate (not at the lower Resources Gains tax rate), so of the $750 in returns paid, $225 mosts likely to pay taxes. So, with a C-Corp, of the $1,000 in revenues, $475, or 47.5% is paid in tax obligations. If the entity were a LLC, the business would pay no tax obligation on the $1,000 earnings. Rather, people would pay tax obligations on these profits at their personal tax obligation rate, so in this example, $300 would certainly go towards taxes, as well as the various other $700 would certainly be paid to investors. This is a 17.5% tax obligation pinch hit having a C-Corp framework, which is big (as well as in our view an absurd procedure, yet we doubt this obtains transformed anytime soon, or ever).
Below is fortunately. If you are preparing to increase financial backing or money from Angel financiers, it is not likely you will ever before pay dividends anyways, so you need to not allow the double tax concern trouble you excessive. Capitalists anticipating to make multiples on their initial financial investment are mosting likely to have a difficult time making an acceptable rate of return based on reward payments. While every favored funding framework we have actually ever before seen has returns as component of the deal, these are non-cumulative (or must be) as well as are truly only in place as a defense mechanism for financiers (to avoid usual owners from paying out all of the capital in a service to themselves).
On equilibrium, we would advise you choose a C-Corp unless you are a local business or have a small team of proprietors. This is one to go over with your co-founders as well as lawful experts, however if you would certainly examine any of the boxes in the quick recap over for C-Corp, we would certainly advise going that route.
Quick note: It is feasible to transform an entity from a LLC to a C-Corp. It can be a pain to do this, yet it can be achieved, so do not fret if you are already developed as a LLC, you could transform it in the future– we would certainly advise you plan to do it in conjunction with an outside financing round as it is not a low-cost process. Letting prospective capitalists know you are a LLC however strategy to transform with the funding could assist with the minor knock we think you’ll obtain for being a LLC to begin with.
2nd fast note: If you plan to self-fund business for a few years before elevating outdoors resources and also are into optimal tax obligation preparation (and also have a great tax and corporate lawyer), think about structuring as an LLC in order to recognize early year losses personally prior to you elevate outside loan. Plan to convert when your service begins to create a revenue or when you elevate outdoors capital (whichever comes first). This only functions if you are self financing with a purposeful quantity of cash, and will certainly call for extra work (and also lawful fees), so we question this is the ideal path for concerning 97% of the people reviewing this post, but we such as tax obligation optimization so figured we ‘d mention it for the 3% of you available.
The company will certainly earn a profit right after the unification and also will disperse it to the shareholders.
To your second question, you are far better off working with an attorney to do it for you if there is greater than one person (significance you will need an Operating Arrangement) or there is any kind of complexity.
I concur that probably one of the most fundamental part is composing a great operating contract, solutions like lawful zoom will certainly not offer you with a personalized Operating Agreement as well as accountants don’t actually like preparing governing documents.
Every state requires every LLC to have an operating contract as well as it is among one of the most essential papers you’ll ever prepare for your LLC. northwest registered agent contact
An operating agreement that is customized to your LLC ought to be prepared and submitted by your business lawyer to ensure that it is precise and complete.
As a local business owner you will certainly northwest registered agent contact intend to develop a legal entity structure to obtain restricted liability defense. A prominent means to acquire restricted obligation protection is to create a LLC to shield your individual properties from lenders, borrowers, and legal cases. Among the leading factors for you to form an LLC is the benefit of having limited obligation protection. Minimal responsibility defense is paid for to all members of an LLC An LLC should be run with a total splitting up of individual as well as organisation assets. One benefit of creating an LLC is that of pass through taxation condition, or earnings moving with the entity to the participants or proprietors. In order to maintain the advantage of restricted responsibility security, the company has to stick to all regional, federal, and also state laws. The company should additionally do everything that is called for to keep a good business standing, pay all required taxes, as well as submit all necessary paperwork. northwest registered agent contact
northwest registered agent contact Before you make a decision if submitting an LLC is appropriate for your particular situation, you will need to find out about several of the benefits, dangers, as well as demands that will influence you and your organisation. Right here are several of the advantages of forming an LLC northwest registered agent contact
Travel through taxation for LLC much like sole-proprietorship or partnership. northwest registered agent contact
When choosing to form a LLC you will need to consider all of the options that are offered to you. First is the understanding that all businesses, whether they are firms, LLCs, sole-proprietorships, or collaborations can deduct their business expenses. You do not need to form an entity to have the benefit of deducting your costs. Having the condition of LLC or Corporation might restrict your direct exposure to audit, but it does not give even more tax obligation reductions compared to a single proprietorship. For example, a single proprietorship could subtract any kind of reputable business expense; such as cell phone, automobile miles, gas utilized for business travel, aircraft price for company travel, and so on. Talk to your Certified Public Accountant to validate that this holds true for your specific situation.
northwest registered agent contact With either a LLC or an S Corporation, all of business earnings and losses will certainly pass-through to the owners of business each year. When you file your individual taxes, your accountant should provide you with a K1 for your company as well as include the earnings or loss declaration within your individual tax return. This is different from that of a c company since a c company exists as a legal and also different entity from its shareholders. The policemans & supervisors are accountable for tax obligations, not the investors. The c-corporation is in charge of creating the government a check for all of the profits earned within the tax year. The investors would certainly include on their income tax return any type of rewards or salary received from business in the year, and not the certain revenue gained by the company.
LLC must maintain an operating agreement. An operating arrangement is generally considered a roadmap for your organisation. It will certainly provide the members, or owners, instructions specificing ways to deal with details circumstances for business.northwest registered agent contact
Articles of Organization need to be filed with your Assistant of States Firm Bureau. Many Assistant of States web sites supply in-depth instructions on the best ways to submit, where to submit, just how much to pay, and the annual requirements if any. For instance, the State of California needs all LLCs to submit a yearly Statement of Details describing the participants of the entity. This type is likewise needed for corporations.
Appears quite simple does not it? Well establishing the LLC generally is very easy, specifically if you are preparing to run a solitary or two participants LLC. The more facility your organisation strategy, the a lot more complicated both the operating agreement and also posts will certainly come to be. If you are planning on setting up a service as an LLC with members which you do not know, you ought to take into consideration consulting with an attorney to secure your rights. There are many examples of northwest registered agent contactorganisations that do not prosper, as well as examples of companies that have administration issues as well as differing point of views between participants. Protect your interest by spending the additional money and time as well as ensure that you have shielded your properties. A lawyer will certainly be able to direct you and notify you to any kind of risks that might take place.
There are many service companies readily available as well as this might be a good course for you if you are intending on establishing a solitary member or multi participant LLC. Prior to you file, do your homework and see to it that you could trust your companions which you have the proper write-ups as well as running arrangement in position.
As mentioned previously, you could create a LLC by self-filing your write-ups, pay a company, seek advice from an attorney, or perhaps talk to your accountant. Regardless of which declaring technique you like and even pick, you should think of your LLC from a tax viewpoint. Once you have made a decision that an L.L.C. or company is ideal for you, the major determining aspect ought to be to decrease your total taxes. Each state will have different tax demands as well as tax prices so get in touch with your accountant and ask which is ideal for you. Some write-ups or web sites will certainly declare that a person is better than the various other, yet its beyond the range of a write-up to make this case.
Lots of States now offer online declaring approaches for starting your LLC. Filing online in numerous states is simple as well as takes just a few mins. You will certainly should have a significant bank card or debit card to complete the procedure of establishing your LLC. When you place your order online, the state will certainly assess it and also normally react within 1-5 company days.
First, you will certainly need to look for name accessibility. This process is usually simple as the majority of states supply web sites to look for offered names. You could utilize the openly given devices to seek offered names within your state.
Next off, you will intend to adhere to state demands that could be located on Assistant of State web sites. See the state web site to find a sample as well as make sure that you follow the article requirements or your files will certainly be returned for correction. In states like California and New York, returned documents could throw away useful time. northwest registered agent contact
You must view your operating agreement as a roadmap for your LLC and an overview of deal with the challenging questions. The function of having a well-detailed operating agreement is to specify how the participants and also even more importantly business should react to certain circumstances. An operating arrangement is required for all LLCs despite state. An operating contract adds less value for a 1 participant LLC since there is no likelihood of disagreement in between the participants.northwest registered agent contact However, if you have 50 members in an LLC, it will certainly be crucial to clearly information an operating contract. A well written running contract will work as a standard for resolving numerous tight spots. If your operating agreement does not define just what to do in a certain situation you could wish to call a special meeting of the participants to modify the operating arrangement.
An LLC, like a firm, could exist , or otherwise have a finishing date. An LLC can additionally be setup with an end day for dissolution. northwest registered agent contact If you want to liquify your LLC you may wind up having your business examined by the Internal Revenue Service. It is a truth that several services obtain audited when they liquify, so choose to start and also close your organisation intelligently. Always contact your accounting professional before liquifying a service.
In some situations, liquifying an LLC could be quite easy to do, as well as it is completed in the majority of states by submitting a simple form informing the state of the intention to dissolve.
Creating an LLC is simple and while you can do it on your own, you might be far better off looking for expert support when setting up your service. In some scenarios you will need the help of a lawyer, accountant or both. Hopefully after reading this you have a far better concept regarding the requirements as well as several of the potential challenges of setting up as well as running your very own LLC. While this post is not implied to have all of the solutions, it will with any luck give you a good basis for progressing with the development of your brand-new LLC.
LLC stands for a limited responsibility company. LLC’s run much the same way as a company, in that it is a lawful entity that can perform organisation under its own name. More and more local business owner’ are electing to create LLC’s every year however why precisely are numerous business owners currently doing this?
As the name restricted liability suggests the reason why so many company owner are deciding to develop an LLC is to lower their personal obligation. For example if you continuously run your organisation as a sole proprietor or partnership you are personally responsible for any kind of business debts as well as for claim negotiation responsibilities brought against your business. Put simply almost whatever you own could possibly be at threat as well as be made use of to settle company financial debts. When you established an LLC you hold dividing your business from yourself. By doing this you are assisting to protect assets such as your individual financial savings as well as other home including your cars, bank accounts, house and so on
. By forming an LLC, preserving as well as running it properly, you along with any other members (proprietors of an llc are called members) included need to not be held directly liable for points that may go wrong during the training course of organisation or any one of the debts that are run into. This suggests that individual possessions of the participants are safeguarded and will not be used as a method of clearing up organisation financial obligations.
So just exactly how specifically do you go about forming an LLC? Think it or otherwise if you intend to form an LLC you will locate it to be a somewhat straightforward procedure as well as it may be among the very best things that you ever provide for your business. As a matter of fact all you actually have to do is the following to make it legal and a fact:.
First you will have to pick a name for your organisation. There are two vital elements when it comes to doing this. The noticeable one is you need to ensure the name you want is available and also secondly you should see to it that it complies with your state’s restricted responsibility company statutes such as finishing with LLC. Even more, some words may be banned by your state such as bank or insurance policy.
Following you need to file formation documents with the state. These are normally described as the posts of company or a certificate of development, There is a cost to submit the records with the state and also can vary in between $50 to $500. Once your LLC declaring has actually been approved by the state you need to then create an LLC operating arrangement. Within this arrangement you ought to lay out the legal rights and also responsibilities of each of the LLC participants.
Lastly a couple of states require that you release notice that the LLC development has actually been finished. See to it to examine if this is required by your state. When this is finished you then simply have to get a Federal Tax obligation ID Number (FEIN) along with any type of licenses and also permits that could be needed for your kind of company.
LLC’s or a Minimal Liability Company is a kind of entity that you have the ability to register in numerous states. You have the ability to register a LLC through the Assistant of States’ office in the state that you wish to develop an LLC within.
LLC’s are produced for several reasons as well as one significant reason can be the tax benefits that could be gotten. Taxes for Limited Liability Companies are done utilizing something called go through tax. This means that the earnings earned by the company as well as tax obligations for business would be reported by the members of the Restricted Responsibility Company, it would not be separate from the person.
Like Firms, LLC’s have the ability to provide liability security for your organisation. It supplies security by creating splitting up between you as an individual as well as business. As long as the LLC is established correctly, it will certainly safeguard you from any kind of obligations or problems incurred by the service. northwest registered agent contact
A benefit that Minimal Obligation Firms also supply is the flexibility to run your business without the trouble of regular reporting. Unlike firms, LLC’s are not needed to maintain a document of conference mins e.t.c. This makes it a great deal less complicated to run an LLC, particularly for brand-new local business owner that won’t have time to invest making sure they did the appropriate paper work.
Making use of a third party to sign up new LLC’s, could be helpful too. Not just does it get rid of the problem of paper job, but it additionally offers you the guarantee that the documentation is done correctly, removing any kind of possibility of issues in the future.
C-Corp: You are intending to increase outside funding from a team of investors, think your company will certainly expand to be a big business and also possibly go public eventually, or you would certainly favor to have all taxes handled at the business degree rather than passed thru to specific shareholders including on your own.
LLC: You expect your business to be smaller sized and not have as numerous investors, and to increase little (if any) outside funding. You do not expect to go public however believe it is more probable you will certainly intend to pay the profits made by the company out to investors regularly.
Still cannot determine? We’ll define each entity type in extra detail which hopefully aids with your choice making.
LLC– Limited Obligation Company. These entities were created to enable business owners to set-up a legal entity that offers them specific legal and also monetary defenses (presuming you do not co-sign for the LLC’s responsibilities) while preserving a tax reporting framework that allows business owner to videotape profits as well as losses on their individual taxes. As such, LLC’s are thought about “Pass Via” entities for tax objectives, suggesting that the taxed profits or losses for the business are passed thru to business proprietors, who tape these as part of their personal tax obligation filings. The LLC does not pay business tax obligations commercial and does not gather losses for future tax offsets. All this is passed thru to proprietors.
The LLC framework is generally best for smaller business where there are a few owners who are proactively associated with business operations (proprietors of an LLC are divided into active and also easy owners, and also passive owners obtain considerably fewer tax obligation benefits from an LLC framework. To be taken into consideration “Active” you need to be fulfill the IRS’s interpretation of being meaningfully associated with the operations of business). LLC’s in the majority of states are limited in terms of the number of shareholders they could have, although this is changing and there are means around these limits, yet once again, LLCs are designed for smaller services so as you grow and your shareholder base expands, you may taste several of these restraints.
LLC’s are likewise an excellent choice in scenarios where you expect the company with have significant profits as well as you intend to pay those out to investors on a regular basis. Because they are “Pass Through” entities, LLC’s are not exhausted for the revenues as well as rather this is done at the private proprietor level. As a result, any cash from earnings in the LLC has actually been paid for in terms of tax obligations already by the proprietors, as well as could be distributed to owners without any extra tax obligation due. This is different from a C-Corporation that encounters what is known as “Double Taxes” because the company pays taxes for its earnings, and afterwards shareholders pay taxes for any distributions (dividends) paid to them. It is very important to keep in mind that LLC’s do not need to disperse earnings to shareholders. You can choose to keep profits in the company rather to reinvest in the business (or just keep for a wet day). Each owners share of these earnings is tracked in their resources account (component of the equity item of your annual report).
We do not have information to show it, however have spoken with some individuals that they believe LLC’s get marked down values to some extent in an acquisition, particularly if the acquirer is a C-Corp (note: basically every public company in the United States is a C-Corp). There are 2 plausible arguments for this sight. First, since LLCs are not exhausted, they are more probable to have some funky things going on when it involves capital accounts, preserved earnings, and so on. Because C-Corp money groups do not understand LLCs too, they could be naturally careful, which may influence the assessment paid. The 2nd reason is that it is regarded as being simpler for a C-Corp to acquire an additional C-Corp, whether it is the process of handling impressive stock choices, handling tax matters for the stub year of the acquisition or other elements, there is most likely some reasonable debate here. Again, we do not have data to back this up, however it deserves stating as you think about the best structure for your service.
One last note on LLCs. If you have any plans to raise loan from institutional financiers, DO NOT create a LLC. There is a simple explanation for this. The majority of venture funds are banned from buying LLC’s due to the fact that these entities could produce UBTI (unconnected business gross income) for the venture fund, as well as for that reason for the funds limited companions. The majority of endeavor fund restricted companions are charitable entities, and one of the easiest methods to screw up this classification is to get UBTI. Therefore, endeavor fund files most likely to terrific sizes to guarantee they will not remain in a scenario where they may tackle UBTI. Before you create a remark listed below, yes, you are correct, there are lots of examples of endeavor firms buying LLCs (wait, yet you said …). NONETHELESS, in these instances, the funds in fact bought something called a “blocker corp”, which is a C-Corp formed for the specific objective of buying a LLC. This “blocker corp” successfully obstructs UBTI from entering the fund, since it is managed within the blocker corp’s C-Corp framework. So, yes, they CAN make a financial investment in an LLC, it is an annoyance for venture funds to do this and also they would considerably choose you have a C-Corp. We would certainly likewise say that going in to pitch an endeavor fund with a LLC framework will show you as being rather naïve about companies and also venture funding, which might not be a significant knock, however is still a knock. Considered that, why supply a feasible reason for a prospective financier to look elsewhere?
C-Corporation. C-Corporations are what we think of as “normal” company entities due to the fact that these are the sorts of entities we see and deal with daily. C-Corps are taxed company entities, indicating that yearly they report their profits/losses as well as pay taxes (state as well as government) when they make a profit, and also tape a tax obligation loss carryforward when they have a loss (these could typically be used against future year earnings for tax objectives). Shareholders in C-Corps have no tax effects from profits or losses as an outcome of having shares in the entity, and also would just need to pay taxes if they were to receive a reward payment from the company or were to sell their shares for an earnings. Additionally, the ‘Company Veil’ of C-Corps is very strong in legal situations, indicating it is practically unusual that an investor of a corporation would certainly have any lawful liability for the activities of the business through just being an investor. While LLCs have comparable protections, they are much less checked in the courts and due to the fact that these entities are commonly pertaining to individual organisations, it is in some cases possible for plantiffs to “pierce the corporate shroud”. There is a vast quantity of lawful precendent for C-Corporations, which is a vital consideration, specifically as you service expands as well as the likelihood of some jerk trying to swindle cash out of you for some bogus legal claim increases (do you get the sense we do not like trial lawyers?).
The main downsides for a C-Corp is that they are somewhat more costly to preserve from a lawful and tax obligation filings perspective, and also face “double taxation” when dispersing revenues to investors. This second piece is one of the most important, and is finest described with a quick example. Take a company that pays 25% in taxes on every dollar of revenue, with shareholders who each pay taxes at a 30% effective rate. The company reports profits of $1,000 for the year, and pays $250 of that in taxes. The company chooses to pay the remainder to shareholders, so pays out $750 in returns. Investors report these rewards and earnings, and are tired on them at the 30% price (not at the reduced Capital Gains tax obligation price), so of the $750 in returns paid, $225 mosts likely to pay taxes. So, with a C-Corp, of the $1,000 in profits, $475, or 47.5% is paid in taxes. If the entity were a LLC, the business would certainly pay no tax on the $1,000 earnings. Rather, individuals would pay tax obligations on these profits at their individual tax rate, so in this example, $300 would certainly go to tax obligations, and also the various other $700 would be paid to investors. This is a 17.5% tax obligation pinch hit having a C-Corp structure, which huges (and also in our view a ridiculous procedure, yet we question this obtains altered anytime soon, or ever).
Here is fortunately. If you are planning to raise equity capital or loan from Angel financiers, it is unlikely you will ever before pay dividends anyways, so you need to not let the dual taxes problem bother you too much. Investors anticipating to earn multiples on their preliminary financial investment are going to have a tough time earning an acceptable price of return based on dividend payments. While every preferred funding framework we have actually ever before seen has returns as part of the deal, these are non-cumulative (or ought to be) and also are truly just in position as a defense mechanism for financiers (to stop typical owners from paying every one of the funding in a company to themselves).
On balance, we would suggest you choose a C-Corp unless you are a small business or have a little team of owners. This is one to go over with your founders as well as legal experts, however if you would examine any of packages in the fast summary above for C-Corp, we ‘d suggest going that route.
Quick note: It is feasible to convert an entity from a LLC to a C-Corp. It can be a pain to do this, however it could be accomplished, so don’t worry if you are already formed as a LLC, you can transform it in the future– we ‘d suggest you prepare to do it along with an outdoors financing round as it is not a cheap process. Allowing potential financiers recognize you are a LLC however plan to convert with the financing could help with the slight knock we assume you’ll get for being a LLC to begin with.
2nd quick note: If you prepare to self-fund business for a number of years prior to elevating outside funding and are into ideal tax obligation planning (as well as have a good tax as well as corporate attorney), think about structuring as an LLC in order to acknowledge early year losses directly before you elevate outdoors loan. Strategy to convert when your organisation starts to form a profit or when you raise outside funding (whichever precedes). This just works if you are self financing with a purposeful quantity of money, as well as will require additional job (as well as lawful costs), so we question this is the ideal path for about 97% of the people reading this article, but we like tax optimization so figured we would certainly discuss it for the 3% of you out there.
. Potential customers might feel that a company is much more substantial and also a lot more “real” than an LLC.
The company will certainly make a profit right after the consolidation and also will certainly distribute it to the shareholders.
To your second concern, you are far better off working with a legal representative to do it for you if there is more than a single person (meaning you will need an Operating Contract) or there is any type of complexity.
I agree that perhaps one of the most integral part is preparing an excellent operating contract, services like lawful zoom will certainly not provide you with a personalized Operating Contract and also accountants do not really like preparing governing papers.
Every state calls for every LLC to have an operating arrangement as well as it is just one of one of the most important papers you’ll ever prepare for your LLC. northwest registered agent contact
An operating arrangement that is customized to your LLC needs to be prepared and also submitted by your company lawyer to ensure that it is exact as well as total.
As a small business owner you will certainly northwest registered agent contact wish to form a lawful entity framework to acquire minimal liability security. A prominent way to get restricted responsibility protection is to create a LLC to shield your personal properties from lenders, borrowers, and legal claims. One of the leading reasons for you to create an LLC is the advantage of having actually limited liability protection. Restricted obligation defense is paid for to all participants of an LLC An LLC should be operated with a complete splitting up of personal and organisation assets. One benefit of developing an LLC is that of pass through taxes standing, or income flowing via the entity to the members or owners. In order to preserve the advantage of minimal responsibility protection, the company must stick to all neighborhood, government, and also state laws. The company has to likewise do every little thing that is needed to preserve a good corporate standing, pay all needed taxes, and also file all needed documents. northwest registered agent contact
northwest registered agent contact Before you determine if filing an LLC is right for your particular situation, you will certainly have to discover several of the advantages, threats, and requirements that will impact you and your company. Here are some of the benefits of developing an LLC northwest registered agent contact
LLC can be taxed much like sole-proprietorship, partnership, or firm (Internal Revenue Service kind 8832).
Go through taxes for LLC just like sole-proprietorship or collaboration. northwest registered agent contact
When making a decision to create a LLC you will certainly should look at every one of the alternatives that are available to you. First is the understanding that all services, whether they are corporations, LLCs, sole-proprietorships, or collaborations could deduct their overhead. You do not should develop an entity to have the benefit of subtracting your costs. Having the standing of LLC or Corporation might limit your exposure to audit, however it does not provide more tax reductions compared with a single proprietorship. As an example, a sole proprietorship could subtract any type of genuine business expense; such as mobile phone, car miles, gas made use of for business travel, aircraft fare for organisation travel, and so on. Talk to your Certified Public Accountant to confirm that this holds true for your details situation.
northwest registered agent contact With either a LLC or an S Company, all business earnings and also losses will pass-through to the proprietors of the business yearly. When you file your individual tax obligations, your accountant needs to give you with a K1 for your business and consist of the profit or loss statement within your individual tax return. This is various from that of a c corporation because a c firm exists as a lawful and different entity from its shareholders. The officers & directors are in charge of taxes, not the shareholders. The c-corporation is accountable for composing the federal government a check for every one of the earnings earned within the tax year. The investors would certainly consist of on their tax returns any dividends or income got from business in the year, as well as not the specific income made by the organisation.
LLC needs to maintain an operating agreement. An operating contract is generally considered a roadmap for your service. It will certainly offer the members, or owners, direction specificing the best ways to deal with details scenarios for the business.northwest registered agent contact
Articles of Company have to be submitted with your Secretary of States Firm Bureau. A Lot Of Secretary of States web sites provide comprehensive instructions on ways to submit, where to submit, just how much to pay, as well as the annual needs if any type of. For example, the State of California requires all LLCs to file an annual Statement of Details describing the participants of the entity. This type is also needed for firms.
Seems quite very easy doesn’t it? Well setting up the LLC typically is very easy, especially if you are planning to run a solitary or more participants LLC. The more complex your service plan, the extra intricate both the operating agreement and posts will certainly come to be. If you are intending on setting up a service as an LLC with participants which you do not know, you should think about seeking advice from a lawyer to safeguard your rights. There are lots of examples of northwest registered agent contactservices that don’t succeed, as well as examples of companies that have monitoring problems and also differing point of views between participants. Protect your passion by investing the additional time and money and make certain that you have safeguarded your assets. An attorney will have the ability to direct you and signal you to any kind of challenges that could take place.
There are many service business readily available and this might be an excellent path for you if you are planning on establishing a solitary member or multi member LLC. Before you file, do your homework and see to it that you could trust your partners and that you have the appropriate posts as well as running arrangement in position.
As pointed out previously, you could create a LLC by self-filing your posts, pay a company, speak with a lawyer, or perhaps speak to your accounting professional. No matter which declaring approach you like or even pick, you should think about your LLC from a tax perspective. Once you have made a decision that an L.L.C. or firm is best for you, the major determining aspect must be to decrease your total taxes. Each state will have different tax requirements as well as tax obligation prices so check with your accounting professional and also ask which is ideal for you. Some write-ups or website will claim that is better compared to the other, but its outside of the scope of an article making this case.
Lots of States currently provide online filing approaches for beginning your LLC. Declaring online in many states is easy as well as takes only a few mins. You will have to have a significant charge card or debit card to finish the procedure of setting up your LLC. Once you position your order online, the state will certainly assess it and typically respond within 1-5 business days.
First, you will certainly should check for name schedule. This procedure is normally easy as a lot of states supply web sites to check for readily available names. You could utilize the easily supplied tools to look for offered names within your state.
Next off, you will certainly intend to follow state needs that can be located on Secretary of State website. Visit the state internet site to locate a sample and make certain that you adhere to the article needs or your documents will certainly be returned for correction. In states like California as well as New York, returned records can throw away important time. northwest registered agent contact
You ought to view your operating contract as a roadmap for your LLC and also a guide to handle the hard questions. The function of having a well-detailed operating contract is to specify just how the participants and more importantly the business need to respond to particular situations. An operating arrangement is required for all LLCs regardless of state. An operating arrangement includes less worth for a 1 member LLC because there is no possibility of difference in between the members.northwest registered agent contact Nevertheless, if you have 50 members in an LLC, it will be extremely important to clearly information an operating contract. A well written operating contract will act as a guideline for fixing lots of difficult situations. If your operating agreement doesn’t define what to do in a specific situation you could want to call a special meeting of the members to amend the operating contract.
An LLC, like a corporation, could exist in perpetuity, or not have a finishing date. An LLC can likewise be configuration with an end day for dissolution. northwest registered agent contact If you want to dissolve your LLC you might end up having your service audited by the IRS. It is a truth that several businesses obtain examined when they liquify, so decide to start and also shut your service wisely. Constantly contact your accounting professional prior to dissolving a service.
In some scenarios, dissolving an LLC could be fairly easy to do, as well as it is finished in many states by filing an easy type notifying the state of the intention to dissolve.
Developing an LLC is very easy and while you could do it yourself, you may be better off looking for specialist support when setting up your business. In some circumstances you will certainly require the support of a lawyer, accountant or both. Ideally after reviewing this you have a better suggestion concerning the demands and also a few of the prospective risks of setting up and running your own LLC. While this write-up is not meant to have every one of the answers, it will hopefully give you a good basis for moving on with the formation of your brand-new LLC.
LLC stands for a limited responsibility company. LLC’s run much the same way as a firm, because it is a lawful entity that could perform organisation under its very own name. More and more local business owner’ are choosing to form LLC’s every year but why exactly are numerous business owners now doing this?
As the name restricted obligation suggests the reason that a lot of local business owner are choosing to create an LLC is to reduce their personal liability. For example if you continue to run your company as a single proprietor or partnership you are directly in charge of any type of organisation financial debts and for suit settlement responsibilities brought against your company. Put simply virtually whatever you have could possibly go to threat and be used to resolve service financial obligations. When you set up an LLC you hold separating your business from yourself. By doing this you are aiding to shield assets such as your personal cost savings and also various other property including your vehicles, savings account, house etc
. By developing an LLC, preserving as well as running it correctly, you along with any other members (proprietors of an llc are called participants) included must not be held personally liable for things that might fail during the training course of organisation or any of the financial obligations that are experienced. This means that personal assets of the members are secured and also won’t be utilized as a way of resolving company financial debts.
So just how precisely do you set about developing an LLC? Think it or otherwise if you wish to develop an LLC you will certainly discover it to be a somewhat basic procedure and it might be among the best things that you ever before provide for your organisation. Actually all you really need to do is the following to make it lawful and a truth:.
First you will certainly have to choose a name for your company. There are two essential factors when it concerns doing this. The obvious one is you have to make sure the name you want is available and also secondly you need to make certain that it follows your state’s restricted responsibility company laws such as ending with LLC. Further, some words might be prohibited by your state such as financial institution or insurance policy.
Next you have to submit development papers with the state. These are usually referred to as the write-ups of company or a certificate of formation, There is a charge to submit the papers with the state and could vary between $50 to $500. As soon as your LLC filing has been accepted by the state you need to after that develop an LLC operating arrangement. Within this agreement you ought to set out the civil liberties and also obligations of each of the LLC members.
Lastly a couple of states call for that you publish notification that the LLC formation has actually been finished. See to it to check if this is called for by your state. As soon as this is completed you after that simply need to obtain a Federal Tax obligation ID Number (FEIN) in addition to any type of licenses and also allows that may be required for your type of service.
LLC’s or a Minimal Responsibility Company is a sort of entity that you have the ability to sign up in numerous states. You have the ability to register a LLC with the Assistant of States’ workplace in the state that you want to develop an LLC within.
LLC’s are developed for many different reasons and also one significant reason can be the tax benefits that can be obtained. Tax Obligations for Restricted Liability Firms are done utilizing something called pass through tax. This implies that the earnings gained by the service along with taxes for business would certainly be reported by the participants of the Restricted Responsibility Company, it would not be different from the individual.
Like Corporations, LLC’s have the ability to offer responsibility defense for your organisation. It gives protection by developing splitting up in between you as an individual and also the business. As long as the LLC is set up properly, it will certainly safeguard you from any obligations or issues sustained by the business. northwest registered agent contact
A benefit that Minimal Obligation Business additionally use is the freedom to run your business without the headache of regular reporting. Unlike corporations, LLC’s are not required to keep a document of meeting minutes e.t.c. This makes it a lot less complicated to run an LLC, especially for brand-new entrepreneur that won’t have time to invest making certain they did the ideal paper work.
Making use of a third party to register new LLC’s, can be useful also. Not just does it remove the problem of paper work, but it likewise gives you the assurance that the documentation is done properly, getting rid of any type of possibility of troubles in the future.
C-Corp: You are planning to elevate outside funding from a team of financiers, believe your company will grow to be a big business and potentially go public one day, or you would certainly prefer to have all taxation dealt with at the corporate degree rather than passed thru to individual shareholders including on your own.
LLC: You expect your business to be smaller sized as well as not have as numerous shareholders, as well as to increase little (if any type of) outdoors resources. You do not expect to go public yet assume it is most likely you will wish to pay the earnings made by the company bent on investors regularly.
Still can not decide? We’ll define each entity enter more detail which hopefully aids with your choice making.
LLC– Limited Liability Company. These entities were created to enable local business owner to set-up a lawful entity that gives them individual legal as well as economic defenses (thinking you do not co-sign for the LLC’s obligations) while keeping a tax obligation reporting framework that allows business owner to record revenues and also losses on their personal taxes. Thus, LLC’s are thought about “Pass Via” entities for tax obligation purposes, indicating that the taxed revenues or losses for business are passed thru to business proprietors, who videotape these as part of their personal tax filings. The LLC does not pay company taxes commercial and does not build up losses for future tax obligation offsets. Every one of this is passed thru to proprietors.
The LLC structure is typically best for smaller business where there are a couple of owners who are actively involved in the business operations (proprietors of an LLC are divided into energetic as well as easy proprietors, and passive owners obtain considerably fewer tax benefits from an LLC framework. To be thought about “Active” you have to be satisfy the Internal Revenue Service’s definition of being meaningfully involved in the procedures of business). LLC’s in many states are limited in regards to the number of investors they can have, although this is changing and also there are methods around these limitations, however once more, LLCs are designed for smaller companies so as you grow and also your investor base grows, you may meet several of these restraints.
LLC’s are also a great option in scenarios where you anticipate the company with have considerable profits and you plan to pay those out to investors regularly. Since they are “Pass Thru” entities, LLC’s are not strained for the revenues as well as instead this is done at the specific owner degree. For that reason, any kind of cash from revenues in the LLC has actually been spent for in regards to taxes currently by the proprietors, and can be distributed to proprietors with no extra tax due. This is various from a C-Corporation that encounters what is referred to as “Dual Taxation” in that the company pays taxes for its profits, and after that investors pay tax obligations for any distributions (rewards) paid to them. It is very important to note that LLC’s do not have to distribute earnings to shareholders. You can choose to keep profits in the company rather to reinvest in business (or simply maintain for a stormy day). Each holders share of these earnings is tracked in their resources account (part of the equity piece of your annual report).
We do not have data to show it, but have spoken with some individuals that they believe LLC’s obtain discounted values to some extent in an acquisition, specifically if the acquirer is a C-Corp (note: essentially every public company in the US is a C-Corp). There are 2 probable disagreements for this sight. First, because LLCs are not strained, they are more probable to have some funky things going on when it comes to resources accounts, maintained earnings, and so on. Due to the fact that C-Corp financing groups do not recognize LLCs too, they might be not surprisingly cautious, which could impact the appraisal paid. The second factor is that it is regarded as being easier for a C-Corp to acquire an additional C-Corp, whether it is the procedure of handling impressive stock options, taking care of tax issues for the stub year of the procurement or other elements, there is possibly some sensible argument below. Again, we do not have data to back this up, but it is worth mentioning as you think about the very best framework for your organisation.
One final note on LLCs. If you have any type of plans to raise loan from institutional financiers, DO NOT develop a LLC. There is a simple description for this. The majority of endeavor funds are prohibited from buying LLC’s because these entities could produce UBTI (unconnected organisation taxable income) for the endeavor fund, and for that reason for the funds limited partners. Most of venture fund restricted partners are charitable entities, and also among the most convenient ways to screw up this classification is to receive UBTI. As a result, venture fund papers most likely to terrific sizes to ensure they will not remain in a scenario where they could tackle UBTI. Before you create a remark listed below, yes, you are proper, there are plenty of examples of venture firms investing in LLCs (wait, yet you said …). HOWEVER, in these situations, the funds in fact purchased something called a “blocker corp”, which is a C-Corp developed for the specific function of buying a LLC. This “blocker corp” effectively obstructs UBTI from coming into the fund, because it is dealt with within the blocker corp’s C-Corp framework. So, yes, they TIN make an investment in an LLC, it is a pain in the ass for endeavor funds to do this and they would substantially favor you have a C-Corp. We ‘d likewise argue that going in to pitch an endeavor fund with a LLC structure will reveal you as being rather naïve concerning firms as well as venture funding, which might not be a major knock, yet is still a knock. Given that, why give a feasible factor for a prospective investor to look somewhere else?
C-Corporation. C-Corporations are what we think of as “regular” organisation entities since these are the kinds of entities we see as well as deal with everyday. C-Corps are taxable business entities, meaning that each year they report their profits/losses and pay taxes (state and government) when they earn a profit, as well as record a tax loss carryforward when they have a loss (these could generally be applied versus future year profits for tax objectives). Investors in C-Corps have no tax effects from revenues or losses as a result of possessing shares in the entity, and also would only need to pay tax obligations if they were to get a returns payment from the company or were to sell their shares for an earnings. Additionally, the ‘Business Veil’ of C-Corps is very solid in legal situations, implying it is practically unheard of that a shareholder of a corporation would have any type of legal responsibility for the actions of the business through just being an investor. While LLCs have similar defenses, they are much less evaluated in the courts as well as since these entities are commonly pertaining to personal businesses, it remains in some situations feasible for plantiffs to “pierce the corporate veil”. There is a vast quantity of lawful precendent for C-Corporations, which is a vital consideration, particularly as you service expands as well as the likelihood of some jerk attempting to swindle cash out of you for some phony legal insurance claim rises (do you obtain the sense we do not such as trial lawyers?).
The primary downsides for a C-Corp is that they are somewhat more expensive to maintain from a legal and also tax obligation filings point of view, and face “dual tax” when distributing earnings to shareholders. This 2nd item is the most vital, as well as is finest clarified with a fast instance. Take a company that pays 25% in taxes on every buck of profit, with investors who each pay taxes at a 30% reliable rate. The company reports profits of $1,000 for the year, and also pays $250 of that in tax obligations. The company makes a decision to pay the rest to shareholders, so pays out $750 in rewards. Shareholders report these rewards and earnings, and are strained on them at the 30% price (not at the lower Funding Gains tax obligation rate), so of the $750 in returns paid, $225 goes to pay tax obligations. So, with a C-Corp, of the $1,000 in profits, $475, or 47.5% is paid in tax obligations. If the entity were a LLC, the business would pay no tax on the $1,000 profits. Instead, individuals would certainly pay taxes on these revenues at their individual tax obligation price, so in this instance, $300 would certainly go towards tax obligations, as well as the other $700 would be paid to investors. This is a 17.5% tax obligation hit for having a C-Corp framework, which is big (and in our sight a silly procedure, however we doubt this obtains changed anytime soon, or ever before).
Below is the bright side. If you are intending to raise venture capital or money from Angel capitalists, it is unlikely you will certainly ever before pay rewards anyways, so you ought to not allow the double taxes problem bother you excessive. Financiers anticipating making multiples on their preliminary financial investment are mosting likely to have a hard time making an acceptable rate of return based upon returns repayments. While every favored funding framework we have actually ever before seen has returns as part of the bargain, these are non-cumulative (or must be) as well as are truly just in place as a defense mechanism for capitalists (to prevent typical holders from paying all of the resources in a service to themselves).
On balance, we would recommend you opt for a C-Corp unless you are a local business or have a tiny team of proprietors. This is one to review with your founders as well as legal consultants, however if you would examine any one of packages in the fast recap above for C-Corp, we would certainly suggest performing.
Quick note: It is feasible to convert an entity from a LLC to a C-Corp. It can be a pain to do this, but it could be accomplished, so don’t worry if you are currently developed as a LLC, you can change it later– we ‘d suggest you prepare to do it in conjunction with an outdoors funding round as it is not an economical procedure. Allowing potential financiers recognize you are a LLC yet strategy to transform with the financing could assist with the small knock we assume you’ll obtain for being a LLC in the first place.
2nd fast note: If you prepare to self-fund the business for a couple of years prior to elevating outdoors capital and also enjoy optimal tax planning (and have a great tax obligation as well as corporate lawyer), consider structuring as an LLC in order to identify early year losses personally before you elevate outside loan. Plan to convert when your service starts to create an earnings or when you increase outside funding (whichever comes first). This just works if you are self funding with a significant amount of loan, and will certainly need additional job (and also legal fees), so we question this is the right course for regarding 97% of the people reading this post, however we such as tax obligation optimization so figured we would certainly mention it for the 3% of you around.
. Prospective consumers may feel that a firm is extra considerable as well as more “real” than an LLC.
The company will make a profit right after the consolidation and also will distribute it to the investors.
To your second concern, you are far better off employing an attorney to do it for you if there is greater than one person (meaning you will need an Operating Agreement) or there is any intricacy.
I agree that probably one of the most vital part is drafting a good operating arrangement, services like lawful zoom will not provide you with a custom-made Operating Contract as well as accountants don’t actually like preparing controling records.
Every state calls for every LLC to have an operating agreement and also it is one of one of the most crucial records you’ll ever before get ready for your LLC. northwest registered agent contact
An operating contract that is tailored to your LLC needs to be prepared and submitted by your company lawyer to make sure that it is exact and total.
Petroms main assets, i.e. crude oil reserves, two refineries - Petrobrazi and Arpechim, and petrol station network are currently worth over 35 billion dollars (21.8 billion euros), two and
Jayce has some fun in the dunk tank. She does some funny heckling directed at those trying to dunk her. Her heckling is cute and funny yet a bit mean all rolled . Grid. List. Date added (newest). Most popular; Date added (oldest). Uploads. All videos; Liked videos; Posted videos. Play next; Play now. [HD POV] Dr. Von Dark's Tunnel of Terror Water Slide with Lights On POV - Water Park.
WELCOME. If you're interested in dunk tanks, you've come to the right place. I built a dunk tank for a party back in Since then it has been used every. View the profiles of people named Doctor Splash. Join Facebook to connect with Doctor Splash and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to. Doctor-Splash Sifundza is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with Doctor- Splash Sifundza and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to.
Find the perfect Doctor Splash stock photos and editorial news pictures from Getty Images. Download premium images you can't get anywhere else. The latest Tweets from Doctor Splash (@doctor_splash). Rule your mind or it will rule you!. Norman, OK. Get Doctor Splash pictures and royalty-free images from iStock. Find high-quality stock photos that you won't find anywhere else. I don't know what it may be now, '. doctor ; but I am certain that it was *' able to Sir Sir Kitcty's opinion of Doctor Splash- dash was by no THE KNIGHT AND. Forceri asked, “Did the good doctor splash money around?” Nick answered, “ Henri lived a good life. He gave the impression he was doing okay. His family did .
27 Oct OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Yes, Doctor Who is. See also agenda-setting; news management. spin doctor An individual who engages in Nicholas Jones: 'The role of spin doctors' splash A newspaper's main. If you don't know who Doctor Splash is, then I have no idea how you found our Delphi forum or this webpage! He simply is The #1 one source of original dunk. 1 Jul Dr. Splash. Character Dr hogwartsonlineschool.com Details. Dr. Splash is the resident scientist of Hoppy Town in Magikarp Jump.
Doctor Splash T-Shirt ✓ Unlimited options to combine colours, sizes & styles ✓ Discover T-Shirts by international designers now!. Picture two men—an older doctor and a younger doctor—in an office tucked away in a corner of a large hospital. The atmosphere is tense. The younger doctor's. Pick the first players to be Doctors. There should be one Doctor for every 1 0 players. 2. The Germs run around, trying to infect everybody they can by tagging . 4 Mar Likes, 16 Comments - Tomas (@tomastabak) on Instagram: “Mister doctor splash and the boys”.
To install the listed sites as a screensaver press F5. Our advise is to install all the sites, including Islamic Medicine Mosque, as a screensaver. When the. Islamic 3D Screen Savers and 3D Movies 3D Mosque for mobies and computers. 9 Mar I've seen some excellent 3D Islamic screensavers but I haven't had the chance to make those yet I will do very soon though, so as soon as it is.
31 May A new 3D islamic screensaver for desktop "3D Calligraphy Sceensaver: 99 Names of Allah". Screensaver display 99 beatiful Names of Allah in. This Pin was discovered by Ziliya Moon. Discover (and save!) your own Pins on Pinterest. 3D Calligraphy Screensaver: Allah Names A new 3D Islamic screensaver for desktop "3D Calligraphy Sceensaver: 99 Names of Allah". Screensaver display
By leviathan | May 20, 2012 | Essays, Israel, Judaism and Society, Winter 2012 Issue | No Comments |
The Cantorum is a mixed choir that usually performs 2 major concerts per year and an average of 65 people sing each concert. Auditions are held twice a year and are open to area community members and we have the summers off. Each concert is a mixture of music selected by a Cantorum committee, such as Chrismas Around the World, a Broadway-themed performance, or one of our more recent concerts, "Home Sweet Home"
In order to audition you will need to obtain an audition packet, by contacting Nancy Waggoner at 573-230-2715 (call or text) or jccantorum@yahoo.com and we will arrange a time.
How do we audition? Auditions are open for Soprano, Alto, Tenor, and Bass, but depending on the vocal balance of the group, you may be put on a waiting list. Singers auditioning for Cantorum will be asked to sing your voice part (soprano, alto, tenor, or bass) in a quartet setting on the song “America”. Sopranos will also need to sing the alto part in the quartet setting, as part of their audition. There will also be some tone matching as well as testing your vocal range. Please bring a piece of music to sing by yourself. You may sing either a cappella or we will have an accompanist. Auditions are in a relaxed setting.
We require 75 percent attendance of scheduled rehearsals for each concert. We do not have excused or unexcused absences. Normally you will be allowed to miss five rehearsals, if needed for work, sickness or conflicting event.
Visit About Cantorum to find out the Cantorum's history, meet the director and accompianist and see the roster of Cantorum members!
Want to express yourself through music? Share musical experiences with a fun group of singers? Visit Join Us! to find out how you can get involved.
Visit the Watch and Listen page to check out our most recent pictures. We'll also post short audio clips of our recent concerts in this section.
Kevin • one/nine/2014 one:13am Social networking marketing is been the most effective observe of Search engine optimization to get a superior outcome out if it. Optimizing social networking profiles for his or her smaller businesses would provide them with an incredible targeted visitors and therefore recognition, but to make this materialize a person must have an excellent material on their own internet site and about the social profile also Because the great information is the base of an awesome business. I’m sharing listed here some wonderful stats on content material marketing: . Hope you want it!
Web optimization aids compact business proprietors create rapid, sturdy, and person-welcoming Web-sites that rank increased in search engines, which subsequently assists bring additional skilled potential prospects to their web sites and eventually will increase conversion rates.
This Software is often a free crawler that should study your site and establish if there are any damaged hyperlinks or troubles. Like a free of charge Website positioning tool, the Screaming Frog SEO Spider is a wonderful addition to your Search engine optimisation arsenal. It may be used to research web page titles and metadata so you will find out if any pages are missing or are duplicated across your web-site.
Moz offers many beneficial means to learn more about Search engine optimisation, improving your techniques and analyzing traits in the field. Moz Professional could be the company's Search engine optimization administration Software.
They are searhing for responses, plus they clicked your Internet site mainly because they think you will find it with your business. Providing you insert price, and recognize your consumers, you will have A lot good results here with Website positioning.
Enthusiastic about doubling your visitors which has a handful of very simple alterations? Allow us to E-mail you amongst our no cost custom Search engine optimization stories. Its a hundred% Totally free, just notify us your URL and we’ll reply with your totally free report!
You will discover 250 million Sites on the web. The average human being won't ever know very well what a lot of the Internet has to offer. Greater Website positioning rankings will allow you to stick out within the an incredible number of other Sites.
When you’re concerned about the income aspect of points, think about shell out on results Search engine marketing. Using this method, you fairly basically don't have anything to lose.
Google also provides a bunch of practical services so you're able to collect and review information about your website and its functionality. All these applications are totally free.
On-site Search engine optimisation, if performed thoroughly, tends to make your end users delighted, that makes search engines delighted too since they like to provide high quality information and facts to their customers.
Through the benefits highlighted higher than, it is actually obvious that you cannot find the money for to disregard the significance and benefits of Search engine optimization. Appropriate implementation of its strategies will acquire your business to larger heights.
You could enhance your content’s visibility in SERPs by incorporating keywords within the title of the Pinterest board, the board’s description, and also you even have approximately five hundred characters to describe an individual pin this means you’ll want to incorporate keywords and phrases there at the same time.
. A big proportion of shoppers click the businesses that have very good rankings for sure keyword phrases. If you run a web based keep, additional website traffic will result in much more purchases as a result greater income margins.
Despite the fact that PageRank was more difficult to recreation, website owners had presently developed website link creating instruments and techniques to influence the Inktomi search engine, and these approaches proved in the same way applicable to gaming PageRank. A lot of web pages focused on exchanging, getting, and marketing inbound links, generally on a large scale. Many of these strategies, or link farms, included the generation of thousands of sites for the sole purpose of hyperlink spamming.[24]
CCA ACTIONS What You Can Do With the City presents 99 actions that instigate positive change in contemporary cities.
Description: Welcome to a puzzle game – Mushbits 2! If someone has ever played Mushbits, they will feel how wonderful it is. It is definitely sure that no player can refuse its attractions in each stage when playing. The more they play, the much more addicted they are. Let’s come and start to play the game right now! The objective of players is to help bunnies eat as many mushrooms as possible. In the game, the players will combine the same colored objects together. It means that the pink bunnies eat pink mushrooms, and the blue ones eat the blue mushrooms. During the game, look out for the mushbits (tiles)! These have a lot of kinds of tiles. The bunnies can jump on the same colored tiles and golden ones only. When the bunny moves on to a mushbit, the mushbit will turn into the other colored one. Enjoy the game now, guys!
After a 20 year history with one company, I was overwhelmed about how to transition to a new position. I didn't know where to begin. You helped me assess my talents and strengths and you provided a strategic structure to help me make a positive new career change. I emerged from the process with a stronger sense of who I am, what I want to achieve and what I have to offer an organization that is compatible with my values. Executive, Corporate Business Sector
Leaving on a Jet Plane - Being Inspired is now coming to you from .... Thailand!! :) Sorry for the little hiatus! Should be back to almost business as usual soon! :) I've been ...
A Quilty Finish - Last Friday, a special package arrived from Spoonflower. Have you ordered from them? You can print your own designs on all kinds of fabric and they've bran...
10 things that make me happy - [image: Untitled] Diving into my giant blob bed, [image: Untitled] heights, [image: Yes, his name is Rob.] People that tattoo their name on their arm... just...
Change currency and language by clicking on the globe icon (Currency translations act as a guide; all transactions will be in £GBP)
Product Code: EG200718008. Good Used Condition - the item shows minor signs of wear - Small mark on the chest, back and sleeve. Luke the model is 6ft 2" and slim build. Please see the sizing and care tab for product measurements. Don't hesitate to drop us a message with any queries. Be sure to click follow in the header of our boutique to see our new stock first!
You may cancel an order from your account before it is shipped. Please note that if the item is made-to-measure you may only be able to cancel the order before it is shipped provided that the garment hasn’t been altered or made yet.
If you receive an item and wish to return it for any reason you must inform the Seller in writing within 14 days of receiving the item.
The Seller will then provide you instructions on how to return your item and once your item is received back, they will process your refund through Paypal.
Return postage is your responsibility unless the item is incorrect or faulty, in which case the Seller will refund the return postage. If you cancel your contract under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013 any standard shipping charges that you have paid to receive your purchase will be included as part of your refund.
Please note that the Seller may refuse a refund if the garment has been made according to your precise measurements ie) made-to-measure. The items you return must be unworn and in their original condition save for your right to inspect the goods and try on the garments. It is your responsibility to ensure that you package the returned goods adequately so that it arrives back to the Seller undamaged.
ASOS uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue we assume that you consent to receive all cookies on all ASOS websites.
SINGLE USER$4,395.00 It allows one person, the buyer, to have sole right and access to the purchased report. Further distribution of product is strictly prohibited.
MULTIPLE USER$6,395.00 It allows the purchased product to be shared among 5 people within your organization at maximum.
CORPORATE USER$9,395.00 It allows the purchased product to be shared among all employees of your organization irrespective of their geographical location.
MarketResearch.biz delivers in-depth insights on the global green packaging market in its upcoming report titled, “Global Green Packaging Market Trends, Applications, Analysis, Growth, and Forecast: 2018 to 2027”. The global green packaging market is estimated to register a CAGR of X.X% in terms of value during forecast period 2018–2027. The report offers in-depth insights, revenue details, and other vital information regarding the target market, and the various trends, drivers, restraints, opportunities, and threats till 2027. The report offers insightful and detailed information regarding the various key players operating in the market, their financials, supply chain trends, technological innovations, key developments, apart from future strategies, acquisitions & mergers, and market footprint. The global green packaging market report has been segmented on the basis of application and region.
Green packaging involves use of materials and manufacturing methods for packaging of products or goods that has low impact on environment. Green packaging is manufactured in environment-friendly materials namely biodegradable plastics, solid bleach sulfate, recycled papers, plant based plastics, and recycled products. Green packaging provides a platform for healthy, ecofriendly, and judicious methodology for packaging.
Rising awareness among consumers regarding environmental safety and benefits related to green packaging is estimated to drive the market growth over the forecast period. Moreover, initiatives taken by various regulatory bodies that supports the use of ecofriendly packaging is anticipated to propel the market growth.
On the basis of application, food & beverages is expected to be largest segment in global green packaging market. Rising environment concerns regarding use of non-degradable materials for packaging is anticipated to propel the market growth over the forecast period. Growing popularity of edible packaging materials made from natural ingredients is expected to drive the market growth over the forecast period.
On the basis of packaging type, reusable packaging is estimated to account major revenue share in the global green packaging market and is expected to maintain its dominance over the forecast period. Reusable packaging is made of durable material and is designed for reuse. Reusable packaging is majorly used for transporting chemicals, pharmaceuticals, and bulk foods. Plastic boxes, containers, drums, and wooden pallets are some of the types of reusable packaging used for various applications.
Asia Pacific green packaging market is projected to register fastest growth rate in terms of revenue over the forecast period, owing to presence of large customer base along with growing adoption of eco-friendly packaging solutions in various countries in this region. In addition, rising demand for reusable and recyclable packaging material in developing economies of region namely China and India is expected to boost the market growth over the forecast period. Growing focus of government towards the adoption of environment-friendly packaging material is expected to propel demand over the forecast period.
I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Green Packaging Market and is located at https://marketresearch.biz/report/green-packaging-market/.
Global Packaging and Protective Packaging Market Trends, Applications, Analysis, Growth, and Forecast to 2027
Global Green and Bio Solvents Market Analysis, Drivers, Restraints, Opportunities, Threats, Trends, Applications, and Growth Forecast to 2027
Prudour Pvt. Ltd. delivers customized research solutions by actuating its broad spectrum of research methodologies, databases, and resources, and this is further strengthened by our global experience in syndicated and customized industry projects.
Our tailor-made research services include quick market scans, country reports, in-depth market analysis, competition monitoring, consumer research and satisfaction studies, supplier research, growth planning, and quite a lot more.
Welcome to the Campfire. Did you ever go camping as a kid and sit around the fire at night listening to scary stories? Creepy Campfire Quarterly features horror fiction from the most talented writers across the globe. Dark, disturbing, dramatic, or just down right creepy, these stories will entertain you. And perhaps the next time you are around a campfire, you’ll find yourself recounting a few of these haunting tales…
Tagged anthologies, book releases, Horror, new releases, scary, scary stories, short stories, writing
Horror/YA Fantasy Author, Cosplayer, novice CMV creator. My day job is as an IT specialist. Loves werewolves, NaNoWriMo, lots of kitties, and tea.
Each week (or so!) I’ll be posting about some creature or piece of history from the world of Stolen, leading up to the book release in January. Follow #worldofstolen to read all the entries. Hope you enjoy this preview! . . Stolen History: The Proud Keriam . While most of his friends were off taming the ocean, building edifices on volcanos, or battling blood-thirty trees, Keriam found all of that to be far too difficult. Instead he turned to weaseling his way into small towns. Somehow he enslaved these people. When Owain and Cathal discovered this, they saw through his farce and unleashed their full wrath upon him. . . . ➡️ Click on profile link to add to your Goodreads! 📚 . . 📸 by Zoltan Tasi . . #yafantasy #yafantasybooks #crafty #manipulation #brainwashed #magician #magic #untrustworthy #yalovin #bookworm #bookwyrm #booklover #reading #fantasy #worldbuilding #comingsoon #stolen #coming2019 #imaginaryplaces #worldofstolen
I haven’t seen Bohemian Rhapsody, but I’ve really been in the mood to listen to Queen lately. I used to listen to them on repeat for days on end back in college, so it’s nice to go back to them again! This album on iTunes has been giving me so much life! Yes, that is Greatest Hits #1, 2, & 3. 😉🤟💖 . . #drivingmusic #queen #freddiemercury #itunes #motivation #energy #amlistening #downloading #somuchtalent
I was rocking that Gryffindor look today! ❤️💛 I’m always amazed by all the Harry Potter costumes I see on campus. We usually exchange an appreciative few words as we pass. To be fair, the Harry Potter fandom usually has very work appropriate attire. 👌 . . #gryffindor #gryffindorcostume #halloween #halloweencostume #workattire #harrypotter #harrypotterfan #harrypottergeek #potterhead #hogwarts #wand #neckties #cute #kawaii #halloweenatwork #gettingitdone #working
Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Marlena Frank with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
The Fulton Cycle's quick-connect mounting system and modular accessories allow you to create the bike that you need on the fly, without breaking out the wrench. With a functional 3D-printed steel frame and a built-in cable lock and lighting, the Fulton Cycle is the only bike you'll ever need for city life. Images in this template demo depict the EVO Utility Bike, by Huge Design. Photography by Gauthier Richard.
Brings a Dieter Rams-esque design sensibility to a product that has changed little in the past 200 years.
Beautiful design aside, the bottom line about the Fulton Cycle is that it’s simply a joy to ride and use.
Last week I had the pleasure of spending the day with The Luke Commission, a mobile Hospital serving the rural communities of Swaziland. It’s not unusual for 800 patients to be treated at a single outreach. This does not count reading glasses being given or new shoes being fitted on a couple thousand school children, all free of charge.
Arriving at a school with 3-4 trucks and two bus loads of TLC staff, in under 1.5 hours the school yard and class rooms are transformed into consultation, testing, triage, counselling and operating areas. The precision and efficiency of how this is actioned has to be seen to be believed.
These mobile hospital sites are set up in outermost parts of this small country, whose population is fighting for its very existence. HIV/AIDS has taken the lives of countless Swazis and left one-fifth of the children as orphans. Delaying orphanhood. That has become one of the main aims of The Luke Commission. Below is a small breakdown of the work carried out on site. Patients are tested, counselled and ushered into treatment for HIV/AIDS. Those suspected of having TB are x-rayed and started on medications. Circumcisions are performed in an on-site operating room. The Luke Commission circumcises more men and boys in one day than all the rest of Swaziland combined. Studies show the HIV transmission rate is cut by 60% in circumcised males.
Registered nurses travel back to the rural communities twice to check newly-circumcised men and boys to make sure they are healing properly, to answer questions and to counsel about sexual practices. School children are treated for skin and intestinal problems, as well as given Scripture booklets. The young people are fitted with new shoes.
People with disabilities are analysed by TLC medical personnel and given bush wheelchairs, made by Personal Energy Transportation ministry, or traditional wheelchairs from Free Wheelchair Mission. The PET carts are assembled by TLC staff on-site to fit the persons receiving them. Follow-up treatment for the patients with advanced AIDS and various cancers is offered. Those with poor eyesight receive reading glasses and, if necessary, scheduled for free cataract surgery.Packets of medications for common diseases and illnesses are distributed by the hundreds of thousands, each prescribed by a doctor with instructions on usage in SiSwati.
Please visit www.lukecommission.org to see the amazing impact this organisation is having on communities all over Swaziland.
Flat tire on station wagon with tapes.  ("Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurling down the highway" Andrew S. Tanenbaum)
Top 12 reasons why game controllers are better than keyboards and mice when playing PC games :: Joystix Pro
Videos What Do I Need? Joystix takes just minutes to download & setup. If you need more than just our software, we'll guide you!Why Use a Controller? Ditch the mouse & keyboard! Kick back on your couch with a controller, feel more immersed & take advantage of that large monitor!In-Game Chat The Texter's innovative design puts all the functionality of a full keyboard at the tips of your thumbs, allowing you to use your game controller's joysticks to type on a PC!
1. Comfort -- Controllers allow you to sit back, relax, and play much easier and better from your sofa or from a kicked back and relaxed posture.
2. Immersion -- Controllers are better at keeping your focus on the game. And let’s face it, it’s all about the experience.
3. Natural -- Controllers offer a more natural interface; they are built to feel better in your hands than a keyboard and mouse.
4. Familiar -- Controllers are more familiar to gamers because many gamers grew up playing on consoles first.
5. Multiple key presses simultaneously -- Controllers allow you to perform multiple actions at the same time, which is important in many games (e.g., go ahead and try to move, rotate your camera, and cast a seldomly used ability in World of Warcraft all at the same time with a keyboard & mouse. Let us know how that feels and works for you).
6. Pain -- Controllers help reduce repetitive stress injury and neck pain; controllers have better ergonomics, especially over long periods of time.
8. Standard -- We have a dozen real arcade machines -- none of which have a keyboard and/or mouse interface. The game controller is a natural progression of the “old school” joysticks and buttons.
9. Support -- Even in a game for PC elitists, like Battlefield 3, support is provided for a game controller right out of the box.
10. Expense -- Want to push several keys at once on the PC? You’re going to need a expensive mechanical keyboard. When using a controller, you can push all 10+ buttons on even the cheapest of controllers at once.
11. Speed -- Anything fast paced is better with a controller; racing games, brawlers such as Shank, Street Fighter, Just Cause 2, etc.
12. Intended use -- Controllers are designed to play games; keyboards and mice are designed to type Word documents and navigate interfaces.
Question: What are some of your reasons for controllers being better for PC gaming or, for that matter, why keyboards and mice are better?
LaPointe-Fisher offers a number of optional unfunded services to our residents that they may or may not take advantage of. Payment for some of these services can be included automatically with their monthly bill. Examples of unfunded services include:
Done by our hairstylist in our on-site beauty salon. Both men and women are welcome to utilize the haircare services and rates can be given to you by any of our staff.
In-room telephone and cable TV services can be arranged if the resident would like these installed. TV mounting can also be done by our maintenance department if requested.
Assessments can be conducted on site through Multigen who will provide these services to our residents if requested.
Appointments can be scheduled to have on-site footcare done. Our staff are happy to provide you with contact information for the companies that currently service our home.
Services are provided by Classic Care Pharmacy, a division of Centric Health. Most medications are covered by Ontario’s drug benefit program although the odd medication may not be. The contact information for Classic Care can be found on our “Useful Resources” page.
These can be arranged through Guelph Mobility Services if needed and is offered to individuals with mobility problems. Their contact information is on our “Useful Resources” page.
This is available through our partner Motion Specialties. If mobility equipment is required, Motion Specialties will supply it and will work with our occupational therapist to fit the device properly to each individual.
Our nursing home provides 92 beds and offers a variety of services including physiotherapy, recreation programs, delicious food and more.
Our nursing home is proud of our Accreditation Certificate which recognizes excellence, quality, compliance, accountability and value.
We warmly welcome you to book a guided tour of our nursing home with a member of our management team.
Our nursing home offers 3 types of accommodations, common to most long-term care facilities in Ontario.
Our basic/ward rooms contain 3 or 4 beds and a shared bathroom. We also offer semi-private and private rooms which provide more space and comfort at an additional cost.
approximately Marriage takes a major examine a number of the reasons for marriage, Paul's arguable assertion that divorced girls aren't remarry, celibacy, entangled souls, wounded young ones, divorce and the way the religious relatives can advance the fractured, usual family.
Taking its cue from the renewed curiosity in theology between Marxist and politically radical philosophers or thinkers, this learn inquires into the explanations for this curiosity in theology targeting the British literary theorist Terry Eagleton and the Slovenian thinker and psychoanalyst Slavoj Žižek, as modern fashionable Marxist thinkers.
Philosophical naturalism is taken to be the popular and reigning epistemology and metaphysics that underwrites many rules and data claims. yet what if we can't recognize fact on that foundation? What if the establishment of technology is threatened through its reliance on naturalism? R. Scott Smith argues in a clean method that we won't be aware of truth at the foundation of naturalism.
M Vincent, a Kerala Congress MLA, was arrested on account of rape, after a 51-year-old woman attempted suicide due to alleged sexual harassment from him..
Kerala MLA arrested for rape. This article is published at 24 July 2017 09:25 from Indiaglitz Kannada Movie latest news and Gossip, click on the read full article link below to see further details.
Let’s learn about the Iowa facts for this time. Iowa is a nice state in US. There are many interesting aspects that you can learn. If you want to go to Cedar Rapids, you should make a visit to the Quaker Oats company. This largest cereal company is located in this state. The people who want to enjoy the fresh scenery of the deepest lake in Iowa should make a visit to West Okoboji. The depth of this lake is about 136 feet. If you have children who like to enjoy riding carousel, you can take them Story City. It is the home of the antique carousel. For detail information about Iowa facts, let’s see the list below.
There are many kinds of attractions that you can enjoy in Iowa. If you are a person who loves to know more about the sprint car racing history, I suggest you to visit Knoxville’s National Sprint Car Hall of Fame and Museum. This is the only museum dedicated to serve the visitors with such history in the nation.
If you unintentionally visit Iowa and pass by the road located on Hiteman, you can see the nice appearance of the smallest city park in Iowa. The people who love to eat Strawberry should make a visit in Strawberry Point. If you want to enjoy the look of the largest bullhead fish in the world, don’t forget to stop by on the Crystal Lake.
The third point of Iowa facts is about Scranton. This place is the location of the oldest water tower of Iowa. This tower is still operated to serve the people. The largest body of water in this state is taken by Rathbun Dam and Reservoir. The people who love to see the appearance of the oldest city in Iowa should go to Dubuque
Meredith Willson is a famous person coming from Iowa. This woman was born in Mason City. She was notorious after performing with New York Philharmonic and John Philip Sousa. This woman is one of the greatest lyricists and composers.
The people who love to enjoy about balloon may need to take a look at the history by visiting this state. Iowa is a home of The National Balloon Museum. It serves you with the knowledge and history of balloon for about 200 years ago.
Herbert Hoover was born on the west side of Mississippi. He was the 31st president of America who came from this state since he is native to West Branch. You will learn much about this man in your history class at school.
The seven points of Iowa facts tells you about Donna Reed. This woman is so talented since she won an Oscar. She was born in Denison as Donnabelle Mullenger. Her acting career began when she was only 6 years old.
The people who love to learn much about history or even culture can enjoy such subject on Iowa. You need to see Nordic Fest hosted in Decorah. In the festive event, the people will be served with the 3-day celebration performing the Scandinavian heritage.
Art is one of the interesting subjects that people love to learn. You can visit The Cedar Rapids Museum of Art houses in Iowa if you want to know more about the Grant Wood masterpieces. This museum is the largest one in the nation.
Now we come to the last idea of the Iowa facts. It is all about the famous John Wayne. This man was born in Winterset 26th May, 1907 as Marion Robert Morrison. His father is a pharmacist. He is one of the biggest Hollywood actors in his era.
This is the first post in the "bilingual" series. The typecast is German, but an English translation is provided after the break.
only in 1974 the Neue Zürcher Zeitung [swiss newspaper of record, very little change since 1930. wiki] renounced the use of the ß, being the last swiss newspaper to do so.
The Pole Moss composition speaks for itself. With its intense green colour and hilly surface it reminds of a forest soil scenery.
Pole Moss brings a touch of charm and refinement in three dimensions to your environment. Pole moss, also called ball moss, is a raw material that is naturally round and aesthetic whose elegant curved gives dynamics to any interior.
Since the plants are natural the shape and size of each plant will differ from the illustrated image. Such phenomena therefore cannot be considered defects or grounds for dispute. In nature, no two plants are identical.
15 x 15cm, 20 x 170cm, 20 x 30cm, 20 x 70cm, 22 x 22cm, 35 x 35cm, 36 x 114cm, 40 x 140cm, 50 x 100cm, 50 x 50cm, 80 x 80cm
If used on walls and square containers it breaks the harshness of the space and makes the environment fresher and more natural. They represent a fresh, lively sensation and they’re often used in feng shui.
Belcat Bt is an Italian – Hungarian company founded in 2007 to supply preserved flowers, greenery and plants on the Hungarian market.
A new field of of engagement for Belcat Design was born in 2012 when responding to the demand of interior designers for natural, green design objects of high quality that require little or no maintenance.
Thanks to the several years of experience in floral decoration in Italy and collaborations with famous designer and architects a new technology to applicate preserved moss or preserved lichens to indoor walls. The result is a modular system that can be applied like tiles: moss tiles.
BelCat products can be found in many areas of the world and in very prestigious locations such as hotels lobbies, restaurants, offices etc..
For international delivery we offer express delivery by TNT and standard delivery by the Cyprus Post.
As a standard our products will be delivered to the nearest ACS courier station. To door delivery is available at extra costs.
Layers of perception : proceedings of the 35th International conference on Computer Applications and Quantitative Methods in Archaeology (CAA), Berlin, Germany, April 2 - 6, 2007
JavaScript ist für Ihren Browser deaktiviert. Einige Funktionen auf dieser Seite funktionen möglicherweise nicht.
Bodle Technologies, an Oxford, UK-based digital display technology developer, secured £6m in Series A funding.
The round was led by Parkwalk Advisors, with participation from new investor Woodford Patient Capital Trust, as well as returning backers Oxford Sciences Innovation and the Oxford Technology and Innovations EIS Fund (OTIF) advised by Oxford Investment Consultants.
Led by Mike Clary, CEO, Bodle Technologies is an Oxford University spinout that develops reflective display technology for applications that include wearables, Internet-of-Things (IoT) displays and eReaders. In due course, the technology could turn commonplace static printed materials, such as posters and packaging into low-cost dynamic displays.
The technology was invented by Professor Harish Bhaskaran and postdoctoral researcher Dr Peiman Hosseini at Oxford University’s Department of Materials and was published in Nature in 2014.
Hyundai Motor America (Hyundai) is recalling certain 2017-2018 Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid and 2018 Ioniq Plug-In Hybrid vehicles. The Main Relay within the Power Relay Assembly (PRA) may have inadequate connections between its contacts, causing increased electrical resistance.
Hyundai will notify owners, and dealers will inspect the Power Relay Assembly (PRA) for damage. If no damage is found, the main relay will be replaced. If damage is found, the PRA will be replaced. These repairs will be performed free of charge. The recall is expected to begin November 30, 2018. Owners may contact Hyundai customer service at 1-855-371-9460. Hyundai's number for this recall is 178.
Goliath grouper (Jewfish) from Piers and bridges mike Saltwater Fishing 2 November 30th, 2004 07:28 AM
Where is the best sea fishing in the UK? My answer to that is simple, it has to be the waters around Portland and Weymouth. Yes Chesil Beach can be a fantastic venue for shore fishing, but Portland has to be one of the best Rock fishing marks in the country as well. It certainly is for Wrasse and in the right conditions the same can be said for Bass. Sometimes I become so preoccupied by the fantastic shore fishing I sometimes forget why Weymouth has the largest charter boat fleet in the country. There is a reason why for the past month we have been host to back to back competitions including the Weymouth and Portland festivals, as well as some of the largest boat fishing competitions in the world, not to mention the World Championships which are entering their final day today. I don’t want to jinx anyone at this critical stage of the competition, but England are neck and neck with Italy going into the final day of the adult competition, which makes it pretty exciting. Even more exciting is that two of the under 21 team are local lads, Jordan Davis and Ryan Casey, both are crewmen on local charter boats. I wish them both the best for the last day. Go for it lads, we are all proud of you.
So lets have some pictures of some of the recent catches ,and I will start off with an epic failure by one of my friends and top charter skipper Paul Whittal, owner of Offshore Rebel, which is currently one of the boats hosting the world championships. He was supposed to get amongst some Plaice and Bream, instead he messed up and ended up forcing David Bajlo from Croatia into a battle with this 20lb Blonde Ray. Strangely David doesn’t seem to upset.
It was good to see Ian Weeding, an angler I regularly compete against in the Weymouth boat comps, catch a lovely Gurnard on Gypsy during the festivals.
Skipper Trad Casey also managed to get a novice angler into one of the better Cuckoo Wrasse I have seen this year. I believe both pictures were taken by Ted Tuckerman.
One of my friends has come down for his regular holiday in search of as many species as he can get in the next 10 days from the shore. So far he has managed a PB Bream of 2lb, Smoothound and Red Mullet. His main goal this time is to catch a Cod. With some pretty unsettled weather heading our way, he may well be able to get his Cod, but I am not sure how many of the summer species will still be around once the rough weather passes. So make the most of the next few days fishing.
I mentioned earlier in the week that I would try and persuade local angler Fraser Monro to write a review of the new Redgill Evo Stik for us. Well it turns out that even before I had the chance to ask him, he had read the post and got straight to work on the review. I won’t include it within this weekends forecast and catch report as it deserves it’s own space, so it will feature it next week.
Chesil Beach forecast: Nice calm conditions on Chesil today, but that will all change tomorrow with some stiff NW winds that will increase the size of the waves and swell. This is likely to make conditions ideal for Bass. It may make it difficult to cast into a a head wind, so species like Bream may be harder to target.
Portland: Good conditions for Wrasse today, but as with Chesil the chance of picking up a Bass on Saturday will be increased. I will be having a go with lures, but large baits will also give you a good chance of a decent sized autumn Bass.
Weymouth Bay: Some nice Pollock and plenty of Garfish being caught from the piers. There are still Mullet in the harbour, but they are slowly moving into deeper water now. Preston will be flat calm, so less chance of a Bass, but plenty of chance of Dabs and Flounder.
Guiding: I still have a few slots left between now and November, so if you are interested in lure or bait fishing over the next two most productive months of the year then drop me an email to [email protected]
Fishing Tails > All Articles > Reports > Chesil Beach > The best sea fishing in the UK has to be around Portland & Weymouth
Wouldn’t argue. Successful comps, championships, and local youngsters representing country all underline the importance of harbour frontage for WAS. Old hat I know – knocking down club for car parking – but anyone know council logic in allowing Rendezvous nab half a dozen valuable car parking spaces for tables and increased frontage.
More council logic. Have you visited your thin lip swim recently Sean. Trouble landing fish now thanks to railings.
Lady Lovin' is your source for female empowerment. Jilly Hendrix, Greta Titelman, and Lo Bosworth tackle a variety of topics from Relationships and Sex, to Health & Wellness to Business and Start Ups. Join the convo every Monday on iTunes!
Exciting Announcement - Mom and I have been talking a LOT. Yes we always talk a LOT but over the last few weeks our conversations have been specifically about teaming up and we've...
Equiped with luxurious components, S-3 is a model you have never seen before. This pedicure spa will give its owners a peace-of-mind and its customers wonderful smiles. An experience that only LeZon S-3 can deliver.
Kings cross minicabs offering the instant taxi price comparison at Brough,HU15 without any charges, Brough,HU15 is located in city of London, Brough,HU15 London's premium minicab service specialising in airport chauffeur hire. We can pick up you within 5 minutes from Brough,HU15 Station, Airport, Market, Hotels, and Restaurant Parks, Clubs, Stores, Museum, Zoo, theatre, Arts centres, and Brough,HU15 Local nearby areas. Our service including Airport, Seaport, Station and Local cabs transfer. Most striking feature of this Kings cross cabs is its affordable by one and the Brough,HU15 taxi service charges customers at competitive price. Kings cross cabs connected with MyTaxe so you won't worry about any long journey we can serve whole over United Kingdom. Kings cross cabs service is gaining increasing popularity and demand day by day owing to its prompt and quick pick up service
Liverpool,L9 Minicab's Lancaster,LA1 Minicab's Sedbergh,LA10 Minicab's Grange-over-Sands,LA11 Minicab's
Ulverston,LA12 Minicab's Barrow-in-Furness,LA13 Minicab's Barrow-in-Furness,LA14 Minicab's Dalton-in-Furness,LA15 Minicab's
Lancaster,LA2 Minicab's Broughton-in-furness,LA20 Minicab's Coniston,LA21 Minicab's Ambleside,LA22 Minicab's
Llandrindod Wells,LD1 Minicab's Builth Wells,LD2 Minicab's Brecon,LD3 Minicab's Llangammarch Wells,LD4 Minicab's
Leicester,LE1 Minicab's Hinckley,LE10 Minicab's Loughborough,LE11 Minicab's Loughborough,LE12 Minicab's
Maidstone,ME18 Minicab's West Malling,ME19 Minicab's Rochester,ME2 Minicab's Aylesford,ME20 Minicab's
Bedlington,NE22 Minicab's Cramlington,NE23 Minicab's Blyth,NE24 Minicab's Whitley Bay,NE25 Minicab's
South Shields,NE33 Minicab's South Shields,NE34 Minicab's Boldon Colliery,NE35 Minicab's East Boldon,NE36 Minicab's
Gateshead,NE8 Minicab's Gateshead,NE9 Minicab's Newcastle Upon Tyne,NE99 Minicab's Nottingham,NG1 Minicab's
Nottingham,NG10 Minicab's Nottingham,NG11 Minicab's Nottingham,NG12 Minicab's Nottingham,NG13 Minicab's
Nottingham,NG14 Minicab's Nottingham,NG15 Minicab's Nottingham,NG16 Minicab's Nottingham,NG17 Minicab's
Northampton,NN3 Minicab's Northampton,NN4 Minicab's Northampton,NN5 Minicab's Northampton,NN6 Minicab's
Northampton,NN7 Minicab's Wellingborough,NN8 Minicab's Wellingborough,NN9 Minicab's Newport,NP10 Minicab's
Tredegar,NP22 Minicab's Ebbw Vale,NP23 Minicab's New Tredegar,NP24 Minicab's Monmouth,NP25 Minicab's
Cromer,NR27 Minicab's North Walsham,NR28 Minicab's Great Yarmouth,NR29 Minicab's Norwich,NR3 Minicab's
Great Yarmouth,NR30 Minicab's Great Yarmouth,NR31 Minicab's Lowestoft,NR32 Minicab's Lowestoft,NR33 Minicab's
Macclesfield,SK10 Minicab's Macclesfield,SK11 Minicab's Stockport,SK12 Minicab's Glossop,SK13 Minicab's
Llanbrynmair,SY19 Minicab's Shrewsbury,SY2 Minicab's Machynlleth,SY20 Minicab's Welshpool,SY21 Minicab's
Shrewsbury,SY3 Minicab's Shrewsbury,SY4 Minicab's Shrewsbury,SY5 Minicab's Church Stretton,SY6 Minicab's
Royal Tunbridge Wells,TN4 Minicab's Bexhill,TN40 Minicab's Wadhurst,TN5 Minicab's Crowborough,TN6 Minicab's
Middlesbrough,TS1 Minicab's Redcar,TS10 Minicab's Redcar,TS11 Minicab's Saltburn-by-the-Sea,TS12 Minicab's
Sort by Date created: Oldest first Date created: Most recent first Post title: A to Z Post title: Z to A
Dr Ashutosh Vajpeyee is MA in Astrology, sanskrit language, sanskrit literature & also MA in economics.
Can you still get Translation Carbon Paper? If you slip it between two sheets of paper, then type in German, the carbon copy should come out in English - or any other language for which you have the appropriate carbon paper.
The Marmen Quartet has a growing reputation as one of the UK’s most exciting young groups and are winners of the prestigious Royal Overseas League Competition 2018. They are also the first winners of the Music in the Round ‘Bridge’ Scheme, of the Musicians Company Concerts Concordance Award and a Royal Philharmonic Society Award. The Marmens enjoy a residency at the Salomon Smith Chamber Music Series in Sweden and were founded in 2013 at the Royal College of Music in London. Their cellist Steffan Morris will be a very familiar face to audiences in south Wales and we are thrilled to be presenting the Quartet’s Welsh debut here at the Lower Machen Festival.
Complete your mervin shiner record collection discover mervin shiner's full discography shop new and used vinyl and cds. New york-based vocalist frank shiner has nabbed himself another top 5 ac record his song “the real me”—the title track off his current album the real me—has soared to the #5 spot (fyi: shiner now becomes the second of two artists to land consecutive top 5 ac records so far this year. 14 single family homes for sale in shiner, tx browse photos, see new properties, get open house info, and research neighborhoods on trulia. Texas shiner catholic singles we offer a truly catholic environment, thousands of members, and highly compatible matches based on your personality, shared faith, and lifestyle. View available single family homes for sale and rent in shiner, tx and connect with local shiner real estate agents.
17 homes for sale in shiner, texas browse photos, see new properties, get open house info, and research neighborhoods on harcom. 100% free online dating in shiner, tx shiner's best free dating site 100% free online dating for shiner singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in shiner looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Search all shiner single-family homes foreclosures available in tx find the best single-family homes deals on the market in shiner and buy a property up to 50 percent below market value shop around and act fast on a new real estate investment in your area.
Mingle2 is your #1 resource for flirting, sexting & hooking up in shiner looking for no strings attached fun in shiner discover how easy it is to meet single women and men looking for fun in shiner — from the comfort of your own home use our free personal ads to find available singles in shiner and get to know them in our chat room. The gamakatsu shiner single hooks pack feature sharp, needle-honed points and are suitable for freshwater or saltwater fishing. Our shiner whips are bright we use the brightest led's available our shiner whips come with the same spring as the eclipse whips, for one less thing you have to worry about if you want a quality whip that won't break the bank this is your whip they are available with either an inline 3 button manual control. Shiner dating site, shiner personals, shiner singles luvfreecom is a 100% free online dating and personal ads site there are a lot of shiner singles searching romance, friendship, fun and more dates join our shiner dating site, view free personal ads of single people and talk with them in chat rooms in a real time.
Find shiner, tx homes for sale, real estate, apartments, condos & townhomes with coldwell banker residential brokerage. Shop for the best selection of shiner beer at total wine & more order online, pick up in store, enjoy local delivery or ship items directly to you. After the release of lula divinia (hit it, 1997), sub pop took notice and issued the sleep it off single that same year two additional singles, farewell bend merger and semper fi, were released on desoto in 1998 and 1999.
Spoetzl brewery from shiner, tx on untappd complete with beers, ratings, reviews, suggestions and more. Shiner dating: browse shiner, tx singles & personals lone star state of texas matchcom's online dating sites and affiliated businesses span six continents and thousands of cities including texas. Shiner, tx real estate prices overview searching homes for sale in shiner, tx has never been more convenient with point2 homes, you can easily browse through shiner, tx single family homes for sale, townhouses, condos and commercial properties, and quickly get a general perspective on the real estate prices.
We - and our partners - use cookies to deliver our services and to show you ads based on your interests by using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our cookie policy. Shiner is a city in lavaca county, texas, united states the town was named after henry b shiner who donated 250 acres (10 km2) for railroad right of way as of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 2,069. The producers of shiner have been making waves this year in a bid to remain texas’ most beloved beer brand, but the biggest one will roll in next month, just in time for oktoberfest celebrationsspoetzl brewery is returning to its small-batch roots with the limited release of spoetzl märzen, a german-style lager with a special, oaky twist — the beer was aged in barrels that formerly housed balcones distilling’s single-malt whiskey. Looking for shiner, tx single-family homes browse through 11 single-family homes for sale in shiner, tx with prices between $48,000 and $289,000.
Single family homes for sale in shiner, tx have a median listing price of $125,000 and a price per square foot of $103 there are 11 active single family homes for sale in shiner, texas, which.
Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of texas shiner catholic women and join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site.
1206 n avenue g, shiner, tx 77984 is a single family home for sale browse realtorcom® for nearby schools and neighborhood information find homes similar to 1206 n avenue g within your price range. Sub pop took notice, and released a 7 single of the group's songs sleep it off and half empty following this the band toured with hum in 1998[1] a third full-length, starless, was released on a label run by members of descendents, owned and operated, in 2000. Personal ads for shiner, tx are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to shiner, tx and are for ages 18+ of either sex.
Professional Construction Project Manager Job Resume Senior Construction Project Manager Resume Samples | Velvet Jobs - Excessive-strength professional who leads corporations via change and assignment to profitable increase. Strategic trouble-solver who envisions clever solutions and executes with urgency across all ranges of the agency. Hands-on leader with sizeable customer service enjoy who is able to hold groups centered and effective. Amazing strategist with a track file of achievement in incredibly competitive business markets. Professional in negotiating partnerships and alliances with a keen potential to capture possibilities and catapult new ventures. For business use of photos, please send in a request from the touch us web page. Below most conditions your request may be granted although a charge can be involved. The snap shots used on this job resume template weblog posts are determined from specific assets everywhere in the net, and are assumed to be in public area and are displayed underneath the honest use precept. I offer information on the photographs source and author every time feasible, and i'm able to hyperlink again to internet site proprietors wherever applicable. In case you are the owner of the snap shots and also you accept as true with that their use in this website online is in violation of any copyright law, then please touch us via this shape, and i can get again to you as quickly as feasible to solve the problem. Our internet site is meant to percentage the excellent pictures i discover on the internet with other bloggers and pictures lovers, and isn't supposed to intentionally infringe at the rights of the picture proprietors. I admire all the highbrow belongings of the owners, and could adjust the posts or get rid of the snap shots on the proprietors request. If however, you would like our internet site to continue to show your work, however discover errors within the facts concerning the snap shots, please touch us at once in order that i can correct the text of the affected posts. For industrial use of pix, please send in a request from the touch us page. Below most situations your request could be granted although a price may be concerned. The photographs used in this task resume template blog posts are discovered from distinctive assets all over the net, and are assumed to be in public area and are displayed beneath the truthful use precept. I offer facts on the pics source and writer each time possible, and i can link back to website owners anywhere relevant. In case you are the proprietor of the snap shots and you accept as true with that their use on this website is in violation of any copyright regulation, then please touch us thru this form, and i will get back to you as soon as viable to clear up the issue. Our internet site is supposed to share the nice photos i find on the internet with different bloggers and pictures lovers, and isn't supposed to deliberately infringe at the rights of the image owners. I respect all the highbrow assets of the owners, and could alter the posts or put off the photos at the owners request. If however, you would love our website to preserve to show your work, however discover mistakes in the statistics concerning the snap shots, please contact us right now so that i'm able to accurate the text of the affected posts.
Our teams are proud to introduce Professional Management Resume Template ideas to help you for all purpose. We give professional resume templates, best content point phrases to choose from, and save private to your local drive.
hollywood101now.info is site by Resume Template Technologies Ltd. and operated with offices in the U.S. and Europe.
CHICAGO – Montgomery “Monty” Clift was an enigma as a “movie star” from the minute his image reflected from the silver screen. Dark and intense, he exhibited a inner ferocity that was unmatched from any other actor of his era, including Marlon Brando. Because of the enigma, his persona has often been mischaracterized, and he died young in his mid-forties. His nephew Robert Anderson Clift seeks to revitalize the authentic Monty in the new documentary “Making Montgomery Clift.”
CHICAGO – The screenwriting team of Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber have had many adventures plying their trade, ever since their breakthrough “500 Days of Summer” in 2009. Their latest assignment was adapting “The Disaster Artist” for director and lead actor James Franco.
CHICAGO – “The Room” is a post-millennial cult movie that plays the midnight and college movie circuit, entertaining audiences with its sheer badness. Its story is told in the “The Disaster Artist,” featuring James Franco as the director of “The Room,” and he also directed the film. Very meta.
CHICAGO – “La La Land” has the spirit of an old time “Singin’ In The Rain”-type Hollywood musical, but this is no throwback or revival. It brings that spirit into the modern age and gets it to live, breathe, and thrive once again. It’s a beautiful technicolor spectacle that celebrates the whimsy of musicals, while finding a way to translate it credibly and wonderfully to the modern age.
CHICAGO – Movie icon Warren Beatty had wanted to make a film about 20th Century billionaire Howard Hughes for close to 40 years. On the heels of Martin Scorsese’s “The Aviator,” Beatty has written, directed and portrays Hughes in “Rules Don’t Apply,” and has created a strange farce about the mogul and a romance tale around him.
CHICAGO – If there is one star-crossed couple in this fall’s movie line-up, it’s Marla and Frank of “Rules Don’t Apply,” as portrayed by Lily Collins and Alden Ehrenreich. The two popular young actors are trying to connect by the standards of late 1950s Hollywood in the film, a looser atmosphere but still difficult for two religious outsiders.
CHICAGO – When encountering film producer, director, writer and “movie star” Warren Beatty, I entered into an interview that would be truly one of a kind. The spontaneous Mr. Beatty works a talk in a give-and-take Socratic method, searching for the truth underneath the rhetoric, as he did with his new film “Rules Don’t Apply.”
Please be advised that any mention of a product or service on this website is made because there exists, unless otherwise stated, a material connection between the product or service owners and this website and should you make a purchase of a product or service described here the owner of this website may be compensated. However, you can be assured this compensation will not increase the purchase price you will be quoted by using this website to access the product or service.
Greg Gudson presented “SEO Made Simple”. Greg was a Chief Master Sargent in the Air Force. Greg has made it his mission to help people in small business to learn SEO (Search Engine Optimization) and SEM (Search Engine Marketing). Greg wants to help Internet Marketers to have a successful business. He has researched and tested his methods and he knows what works. Greg does consulting for SEO.
While estrogen is not responsible for libido per se, low estrogen levels will certainly pose problems. These pharmacies also carry estriol vaginal cream. Estriol. Feb 11, - Your doctor can order vaginal estriol cream or suppositories from your 30 years and its safety and efficacy, at the low doses mentioned above, co-authored with Jennifer Landa, M.D., The Sex Drive Solution for Women. Taking Natural Estriol Cream mg/every other day 3 weeks out of 4 with Natural Progesterone Cream routinely thickens vaginal skin and decreases.
In extra, rescue levels of pronouncement can cause a craving dfice blood lieu to the vagina. That decreased information few can relationship vaginal lubrication, estrroil the direction to be thin, portion, and dry. The consent one-third of the understanding can lie, leading to terrific exclusive intercourse. Jen's Period Plan to Fire Up Our High, a severe by Jennifer Landa M.D. free instructional sex video clip joyful hot flashes without soothing side effects so sensation to terrific marriage Passing studies clearly show that a severe reality estroil cream vaginally decreases sex drice can assert such. plus has did my libido No Rapport - No Cookies - Yes HRT estroil cream vaginally decreases sex drice % abstract and I am stopping the equivilant of one uncomplaining right of 5ml.
Insert Testosterone Pellet Under The Skin Provides Optimal Level for 4 Months One are the testosterone pellets and the advantage of the pellet is for a woman, testosterone pellet is only about the size of a grain of rice and all we have to do is put a little bit of numbing medicine in the hip. Published studies show that 0. These pharmacies also carry estriol vaginal cream.
Our bodies may need some hormonal support, but at long as we use the most natural solutions, we will avoid side effects, and our health will only be enhanced. And for women who also need estrogen, we can put in both testosterone and estradiol pellets at the same time and optimize both of these hormones very, very simply. This makes it less likely that you will experience more facial or body hair, which does happen sometimes with testosterone use.
paint your house address on the curb 5 steps with pictures picture of place the template and mask it and paint the numbers paint by numbers templates free.
Description: HTTP 404. The resource you are looking for (or one of its dependencies) could have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable. Please review the following URL and make sure that it is spelled correctly.
-Medical office including waiting area, reception area, 5 exam rooms & 6 offices or 6 exam rooms & 5 offices, lab, 4 restrooms and 2nd floor storage.1790 & 1786 may be combined for a total of 6,288 sf with 2 year rental at $5,000 ! ($9.54 per sf!!!) Conveniently located to hospital, Vally Regional Imaging and Fayetteville Ambulatory Surgery Center.LL pays for real estate taxes, association dues and HVAC repairs.
Clever 36 - It's so strange to see the differences. I'm a little disappointed that the Diego never shaved el beardo. Source: marvelouskiddo.blogspot.com
If you want to show something on your website please add a link to my blog on every photo/text/image etc. you use.
The time has come for my first review! Few weeks ago I have received a lovely pair of glasses from Firmoo. When I read that they wanted to send me something I was in a quite big shock!
I picked a pair of nerdy glasses.. You will probably ask why not something more practical like sunglasses.. Well, I don't really wear sunglasses, only when I have to. Something different with nerds. I love making/seeing and having photos with nerds! !
I was very suprised by the service of Firmoo (seriously!). Glasses were packed very safe. I received some free, useful things too. Two tiny screwdrivers, a fabric case and a plastic one too.
I compared these glasses to my other ones from various marks and I really have to admit that Firmoo has great quality. Frames are very solid - I have a talent for destroying frames, but these ones are still alive and in perfect shape! :)
If you need new glasses or thinking of buying sunglasses hop on to Firmoo.com and check their offer! They have an amazing choice and the customer service writes back very quickly if you have some questions or doubts :)
I am very happy I could make this little review and I hope some of you will consider Firmoo as your next shop for buying glasses. Yes - they have worldwide free shipping too! :)
This website and its content is copyright of Bobby Sinnet & Thomas Jamieson - � Bobby Sinnet & Thomas Jamieson . All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
�	you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
�	you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Everything works fine and the case looks good except for some minor scratches that ocurred during the whole process. I thought of the cookies, and inspected the drawers, and sure enough, an open can of Nutella. How is that in difficult, really because he's such an ugly guy.
Reporter: They host the show "Swing" in its cheap authentic jerseys fourth season on "Playboy TV." And they've become ambassadors of the lifestyle. Repr: The legalle whosent him thes flying high. After a whistle the ref in the neutral zone, usually near the bench, will give Jim Dray Jersey
"The family are thankful for your prayers. Fun read, voted up, useful and interesting!. The Milwaukee Bucks hired Sidney Moncrief as an assistant Andre Branch Jersey
coach during the 2013 2014 season.. It because there was no reason to have a defense armada because they would know about a build up from the Romulans, Klingons, and Cardassians long before they be able to make large inroads into Federation territory because "armies move at the speed of the slowest unit" and they be able to create a defensive line faster than other ships could move..
You can use fish or chicken as bait for the crabs in these crab pots and if you pick a good spot to put your crab traps you should catch a lot of crabs.. wholesale football jerseys Be smart about it. Not the sound you picture with the badass presence of that truck. A cry in the wilderness is heard and a Lantern Carrier responds.
I totally fine with him signing up for another few years as our manager. Most people don know that at any given cheapjerseys time Jose Bautista Jersey
there are between 10,000 and 100,000 kids going through what she experienced. If you have eyes to see and ears to hear you would step down.
Leslie, who originally raised Ashley in Ashburn, Va., brought Ashley's three siblings from their home wholesale football jerseys in Houston. Measure between the marks to find out how far apart the studs are. You smart. Alligator teeth are completely covered when the mouth is closed.Habitat: Crocs can be found throughout the world.
Although the USSR and its allies would claim to be in the intermediate stage of socialism, neither them nor other countries would claim to be communist, only making the absurd claim the Party was pushing them in that direction for it to be achieved in the future.
5c) primals themselves do not exist before they are summoned for the first time. Something never before done. And the presets in Live are also lacking, was looking for a vocal EQ preset and there are literally zero.. We need efficient screens using non human models to determine the potential benefit of cannabinoids.
They quietly attended the quilting bees and learned what they could, went away with scraps of fabric that they could turn into quilts they could use for warmth and continued living their lives according to their old ways and customs.. Freddie came down with AIDS at a time when the public was terrified of it, and how the hell anyone could think that Freddie wasn't also terrified, is beyond me.
train. I think it great too, but I hate how popular the short format video essay has become. Giants have holes ans need picks to fix those holes.. You have to understand that the rest of the world has no idea what you are talking about.
This is Kanye first album, and is in fact his (incredibly successful) attempt to turn the tide of rap music against the dominant sub genre that the likes of 50 Cent embodied at the time. Over time, the attacks may change in presentation, eventually lessening in dizziness.
I had so much fun playing in the snow from start to finish, and I am still having fun recollecting the whole race. Republicans have passed hundreds of new limitations on abortion in just the past few years, all with the intent on using their new cheap jerseys rules to get a full ban past a challenge..
You can also deduct the interest you pay each year on mortgage debt up to $1 million, a cap that can cover multiple homes. For example, Bryce Krawczyk released 16 weeks of total programming in the fall. They never right. Profumo was a conservative who was married to Valerie Hobson a film actress, he socialized in high society circles and wholesale nfl jerseys at Lord Astor's country manor, he met Christine Keeler, a showgirl from London.
Many organizations are facing one or more issues forcing them to consider moving away from their legacy email archiving system to something else.
Whatever the reason for going forward with an email archive migration project, the main question is not whether to migrate existing archived data, but rather, how to start.
read this free white paper and discover what data to migrate and the steps needed to ensure a smooth, low risk, successful, and cost-efficient migration.
How many authors in the world share your name? Wouldn’t it be nice to eliminate the confusion that it creates? Then register for an ORCID author identifier! An ORCID iD is the only tool you’ll need throughout your career to distinguish yourself from all other authors, unify all your scholarly products, and integrate your work with all funding, publishing, and other administrative systems. Recognizing the value of ORCID, Pitt has become an institutional member. Over the coming months, you’ll be hearing more about ORCID as HSLS launches a registration campaign throughout Pitt’s schools of the health sciences. Read more
ACP Smart Medicine (formerly known as ACP PIER) will no longer be available as of December 23, 2015. ACP Smart Medicine was produced by the American College of Physicians, which has decided to discontinue the resource at the end of this year. Read more
With any luck you’ll not receive the gift of a cold or the flu this season. The U.S. National Library of Medicine’s MedinePlus® Web site has authoritative, easy-to-understand information on the common cold and flu. Both pages are chock-full of prevention tips as well as treatments. Not sure which you have? That’s covered under Diagnosis/Symptoms with the handy chart, “Is It a Cold or the Flu?,” developed by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. The Common Cold page also has a resource written by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention entitled, “Get Smart: Know When Antibiotics Work – Common Cold and Runny Nose.” Both pages have information for specific age groups (e.g., children, teenagers, and seniors), patient handouts, links to clinical trials, and journal articles. Read more
In early October, HSLS hosted Sriyani Perera, a medical librarian at the University of Peredeniya in Sri Lanka. The University of Peredeniya is one of the leading universities in Sri Lanka. During her tenure as a Medical Librarian, Sriyani has had different roles in the library; as a manager, an academic, a researcher, and a professional, while holding responsibilities in various capacities including planning and establishing new faculty libraries for allied health sciences, dental sciences, and veterinary medicine and animal husbandry. Sriyani is visiting the U.S. on sabbatical. Read more
After a six week display in Falk Library, the NLM traveling exhibit, From DNA to Beer: Harnessing Nature in Medicine and Industry, came to a close on Saturday, October 10. Over 3,000 visitors viewed the panels and video display in the main study area of the library.
In conjunction with the exhibit, Adam Davis gave a special lecture on Thursday, September 17, entitled “Background to the Discovery of DNA.” Davis recounted the early history of biologists and other scientists and their important, sometimes accidental, discoveries that built the foundation for the double-helix structure we are familiar with today. Davis earned his Master’s Degree in biological anthropology from the University of Pittsburgh. He currently teaches History of Science at Duquesne University and is associate professor of biology at the Community College of Allegheny County. Read more
Andrea Ketchum, reference librarian, was awarded the 2015 Award for Professional Excellence by a Health Sciences Librarian from the Mid-Atlantic Chapter of MLA. Read more
HSLS offers classes on database searching, software applications such as Prezi, bibliographic management, molecular biology and genetics, and library orientations. For more information, visit the online course descriptions. Read more
New Delhi, March 8 -- Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan is best known for his economic revival strategy consisting of the three arrows, collectively called Abenomics. Abe's campaign promise, before his party's stunning victory in December 2012, was to bring Japan out of its deflationary funk, into strong and sustainable economic growth. His three arrows consisted of expansionary monetary and fiscal policies (the first two arrows), and structural and economic reforms (the third). This third arrow consisted of deregulation, trade liberalization, tax reform and industrial restructuring. An important component of the third arrow was "womenomics", getting more women into the workforce and in positions of leadership. Women have long been considered the most "underutilized" resource of the Japanese economy, a point often underscored by Abe. Japanese women are highly educated on average, and indeed have a higher college enrolment than men. Yet female labour force participation rate in Japan has been among the lowest among OECD (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development) countries. It was 63.2% in 2010 and, thanks to Abenomics, rose to 66.7% in 2015. More recently, among 25- to 54-year-olds, the Japanese female participation rate has risen to 73%-slightly ahead of the US, where it has fallen. Of course, it is still far below Sweden's 88.3%. Furthermore, many jobs taken up by women are either part-time or on contract. Their pay for similar jobs is only 72% of what men are paid. So it's not just the quantity but the quality of participation that also matters. A recent government survey showed 63% of women quit their jobs disappointed by their career prospects. Seventy per cent of the women are not able to return to the workforce after the birth of their first child. The reasons include non-availability of quality childcare centres. Female participation is crucial for Japan, since its population is declining and also ageing rapidly. The elderly will make up 40% of the total population by 2060, and the ratio of working to retired persons will be 1:1 by 2050. Unless women participate in much greater numbers to expand the workforce, the pension and tax burden will be crushing, and will affect economic growth. If female labour participation is on a par with other industrial nations, Japan's per capita output would be higher by 4%. Female participation in Japan is lower by as much as 25% compared to males. If this were on parity with males, then Goldman Sachs' estimates suggest Japan would gain eight million workers, and its gross domestic product (GDP) would be higher by 14%. It's precisely because of such dismal numbers and a "low base" that the benefits from increasing female participation will be immense to Japan. Realizing this, Abe put in place numerical targets and tangible metrics in his "womenomics" strategy. He initially aimed to have 30% of leadership positions for women in government and business. This number has been pared down recently, but the numerical target remains. For instance, last year a woman was appointed for the first time as the governor of Tokyo. Since availability of day-care is a big hurdle to young mothers rejoining the workforce, the aim is to reduce daycare waiting lists. Around 400,000 new centres will be opened by the end of 2017. Abe wants businesses to double their childcare leave to three years. Only 3.1% of the board seats are held by women in Japan, as against 19.2% in the US and 20.8% in Canada. The "womenomics" plan also contains reforms like removing the tax penalty for working mothers, and introducing new training subsidies to help them return to the workplace. Abe's aim is to increase the percentage of women returning to the workforce from the current 30% or so to 55%. Clearly "womenomics" is working, albeit not as fast as planned. Even though India is not in the OECD peer group, there are lessons from Japan's "womenomics". The Indian parliament recently passed a landmark maternity benefits Bill, which will benefit women returning to the workforce. In recent years, the female labour force participation rate (LFPR) in India has been falling. It fell by 11% between 1987 and 2011, according to data from the National Sample Survey. Only one-third of the female labour force describes itself as "working". Presumably, the remaining do unpaid work. Even among those who are "working", the pay gap for similar work is substantial. Only in programmes like MGNREGA is the gender gap low. The LFPR pattern shows a U-shaped relationship with women's education attainment. As women get more education, the LFPR initially falls. This signifies that their "time at home" becomes more valuable, and hence they choose to drop out of the workforce. But eventually as women's average education achievement crosses, say, eighth or tenth grade schooling, it results in higher LFPR as well as lower fertility. This is clearly manifest across major states of India-the total fertility rate in many southern states, with relatively higher female education attainment, has fallen to replacement levels. Those states also exhibit higher LFPR. Beyond education, skilling, pay parity and board positions, India's agenda also includes providing women leadership positions in political life. The recent violent experience in Nagaland, wherein the local community refused to let women enjoy 33% reservation in local governments, shows how far we have to go. This resistance to even constitutional mandates shows that there is as much a cultural hurdle as an economic policy hurdle to achieving progress for women. But as Japan's "womenomics" shows, numerical targets do help us get started.
Next Article Modi's aggressive streak continues in Rajya Sabha with raincoat remark on ManmohanMonday, February 20, 2017
After farm loan waiver, UP govt looks at waiving loans for physically challenged Wednesday, June 21, 2017
© Copyright 2018 Five Forests Business Education • Designed by MotoPress • Proudly Powered by FiveForests
POSLUSCHNY, Axel, ed., Karsten LAMBERS, ed., 2008. Layers of perception : proceedings of the 35th International conference on Computer Applications and Quantitative Methods in Archaeology (CAA), Berlin, Germany, April 2 - 6, 2007. ISBN 978-3-7749-3556-3
We can print your logo with alternating background colours, as well as full color photograph images on each umbrella panel. Use promotional market umbrellas to promote your brand and be seen!
Keep your patio guests cool on a sunny day or give festival goers some shade with branded market umbrellas. Our umbrellas can provide cover for restaurant patios, outdoor events or anywhere you need to offer a break from the sun while still promoting your brand. Umbrellas are printed using either screen printing or full dye sublimation with a thick PVC undercoating, which is waterproof, fire retardant, UV and mildew resistant. We carry a range of base options for different settings.
Choose from our featured umbrella options. If you can't find the option you are looking for, contact us for details.
Aluminum market umbrellas are perfect for regular outdoor exposure on patios, sidewalks, or anywhere else you may want to provide shade.
The aluminum umbrella's design features heavy gauge fibreglass ribs to withstand frequent opening and closing via the crank wheel.
There are 19 colours available for custom made market umbrellas (aluminum and wooden umbrellas only). These are pre-dyed, unprinted 600 denier polyester fabrics which can also be used as a base for screen printed umbrellas depending on your artwork. Please contact us for details.
For patio umbrellas with a dash of sophistication, wooden umbrellas have black finish for a functional and attractive look that provides coverage from the elements.
Suitable for restaurant patios, sidewalk cafes, and other outdoor venues, wooden patio umbrellas are easy to expand and collapse with their double pulley system with pin lock.
Featuring a tilt mechanism and valances, beach and promotional umbrellas can provide quick and portable shade with your custom printing. Although beach umbrellas are designed to stick in the sand at resorts and public beaches, they can also be used for other outdoor events and festivals.
For umbrellas used within tables, a light base is still recommended for added stability (we recommend our 33 lb. steel composite round bases).
When setting up the aluminum umbrella, always crank in the direction indicated on the crank handle. Once the top is taut, stop cranking. DO NOT OVER-CRANK. Overtensioning the umbrella top will cause damage to the umbrella frame, crank mechanism or umbrella cover.
For the wooden umbrella, pull the cord down until the hub moves up past the pin holes, then place the pin into the desired hole to hold the umbrella in place. Let the rest of the rope hang down or tie it in a knot to hang it on the hook.
Always fully extend the umbrella when in use. Never leave the umbrella partially opened as it will be damaged by the wind.
When using the tilt function under gentle breeze condition, always point the umbrella with the peak in the direction of the wind to minimize resistance.
The Flag Shop is the only company in Canada to offer flags and banners using Echotex® - 100% Recycled Banner Textile.
Underwritten by the Flagstaff Symphony Guild, the Lollipop Concert is an enduring and popular holiday tradition featuring an abridged and kid-friendly version of The Nutcracker for children of all ages. Tickets will go on sale November 1, 2018. Secure yours quickly; this event sells out annually.
As children leave Ardrey Memorial Auditorium, they are given a lollipop by a Guild member. This year’s Lollipop Concert will be Saturday, December 1, 2018 at 2 p.m. in Ardrey Memorial Auditorium.
If you need a replacement battery for your Lenovo 3000 N200 (14-inch Wide) laptop computer, you should look for the most cost effective and longest lasting laptop battery available.Our custom engineered IBM Lenovo3000 N200 (14-inch Wide) Professional Series replacement laptop batteries are the first and only high capacity extended longer life battery upgrade available. This battery is manufactured using the highest quality battery cells with integrated charge indicator LEDs. Depending on the model some upgrade will last up to 68% longer than your factory issued laptop battery. Longer life means more uptime for your batteries and better performance from your computer. Guaranteed quality Professional laptop batteries with a risk free 60 day return policy makes Laptop Battery One replacement laptop computer batteries the best value on the market.
Lenovo 3000 N200 (14-inch Wide) Professional grade A cell batteries custom manufactured for high performance and longer life to exceed OEM specifications
Every Lenovo 3000 N200 (14-inch Wide) replacement laptop battery is thoroughly safety tested and certified in our ISO 9001 factories
Our mission at Laptop Battery One is to provide you with as much information possible to make the best decision for your battery needs. We've taken the time to do the research for you and have created a simple chart that outlines the important factors when buying a laptop battery. We've created the 7 Laptop Battery Secrets battery manufacturers don't want you to know!
"Full of Beans" is the newsletter for our Nursery, remember if you have stories that involve the nursery, about our children or ex children - please let us know so we can put the stories here.
“We genuinely believe that our children should receive the very best in Care, Play and Education, our awards and qualifications show that we deliver this consistently Year in - Year out
Check out Colonial Downs' initiative to have instant gaming - in the form of a historical racing game - legalized in Virginia (a tough State to get any form of gambling legalized)...historical racing is a game that, according to this story "saved Oaklawn Park". The game apparently shows you statistics of some form on each horse for a random race, you handicap, bet and then get paid out if you win. Tons of money would be generated - no doubt about that - and it's kind of a romantic blend of horse racing and slot machine - hmmmmmm.
Heavy stuff all over the ‘net this morning. Hundreds of BARBARO stories, columns, photos, diagrams. Do I wade through it all, do I pick a selected few?
Ugh, so many sad aspects about this situation, especially when you know the negative types are coming out in full force.
Larry King, a racing lover, had a good segment last night but you just want to strangle PETA types sometimes. They don’t get it I don’t think. In anything else, whether it’s caring for cows, pigs, chickens, zoo animals, there are always bad apples. Racing is trying its best to find them and de-core them.
At Woodbine, there are plenty of bad apples and they are not just trainers but owners, grooms and riders.
If you really want to get your blood boiling this morning and then take it out on a loved one or the family pet (kidding), read T.J. Simers column on latimes.com (also linked on Equidaily under the heading ‘The other side’).
If this doesn’t make you feel sick, nothing will. Be warned, it’s quite awful (and women, be extra careful, he slams us big-time!).
Of course, I follow all this reading up with a check of entries and charts at tracks such as MOUNTAINEER, eeks, where I see three 10-year-olds in one race, 11-year-olds, Canadian horses I haven’t heard from or seen in years who are still racing. Double Ugh.
On a lighter note, our champion trainer from last year, MARK CASSE, is getting some big guns geared up for races in a few weeks. Pedigree lovers drooled when MARCHFIELD debuted at Woodbine last year. The stakes placed maiden is by A.P. Indy and is the third foal of Eugene Melnyk’s prized Red Ransom mare PICO TENERIFE. Her first is claiming type Westmoreland (Danzig) and she has an unraced 4yo filly by Danzig named Dowell House. Marchfield is scheduled to race Feb. 10 at Gulfstream Park.
Casse also said his crop of 2-year-olds this year is his “best ever” thanks to the bulging syndicate Woodford Racing and other high profile owners.
Just finished a cool book – HORSE, How the Horse has shaped Civilizations – an easy read about horses being essentially, the reason we’re here. Maybe we should get some of these yahoos who suddenly become horse and racing experts to read it and remember that the horse is not just any ‘ole animal.
Thanks to BERNARD MCCORMACK at Windfields Farm for his comment on Blonde Executive's first baby. Hopefully Bernard will keep us updated on some more interesting arrivals at the famed farm!
(Note to self! ICE BRIDGE on Friday, Groundhog day, at Fair Grounds, will get some of my money after his brutally wide trip in his last start. Sam-Son maiden colt is impeccably bred and a real looker too).
Champion Canadian sprinter of 2004, BLONDE EXECUTIVE, produced her first foal on Sunday (Jan. 28) at Windfields Farm in Oshawa, Ontario. The chestnut speedster gave birth to a bay colt by SILVER DEPUTY. Mare and foal are owned by the Bruno Bros. Farm.
Quite a debate going on in this 'Blog' with regards to CHANTAL SUTHERLAND, who is reportedly returning to ride at Woodbine this year, and EMMA-JAYNE WILSON, Woodbine's leading rider for the last two years. Check out comments from readers under the post 'Sunshine Makes Me Happy'.
Should Chantel indeed return to ride at Woodbine (she launched her career here several years ago but left for Florida and New York) it would set up an interesting rivalry of women jocks between her, Wilson and Michelle Rainford.
Lovely colt from Champion Blonde Executive. She is being a very good Mom. Good size and bone and a lovely muscular looking type. I am sure we will enjoying seeing him at the races in a few years.
He's on the front page of the Toronto Star sports section (a super story by author John Eisenberg from the Baltimore Sun), he was on CNN throughout yesterday's top news stories and the press conference was even shown live on that world's leading news channel.
Eight months of anaesthetics and surgeries and a lot of loving and caring but the Kentucky Derby champ, plus his owners and veterinarian did not get what he deserved.
Perhaps the good news is that the care of racehorses has been in the spotlight for this time and money has been raised for our star athletes. The Barbaro Foundation was just started by Gulfstream yesterday to educate budding vets with a scholarship program.
Let's hope that Barbaro's legacy will be that racing takes care of its heroes, whether they are Derby champs or hard kncking claimers just trying to please their owners.
Thanks Jen for including the long article on Barbaro. I felt so sick when I hear he had been put down. I was one of many who hoped against hope that he would survive and a few years from now we might have seen his foals. Regardless - the article in the Star really looked at how much Barbaro and the Jackson's have raised the profile of thoroughbreds. Hopefully people will see that horse racing is a true sport and thoroughbreds deserve the best - just what the Jacksons have shown.
As feared from hearing radio reports this morning, BARBARO has lost his fight with his two hind legs, one that was badly broken in the Preakness and the other which was stricken with laminitis. Eight months of trying to keep the poor guy alive, most of that time he was very happy and recovering but last night was apparently not a good night.
Barbaro, the Kentucky Derby winner, was euthanized on Monday morning at the University of Pennsylvania's School of Veterinary Medicine at New Bolton Center in Kennett Square, Pa., ending an emotional, eight-month odyssey that began when he fractured his right hind leg in the Preakness Stakes.
According to a report by The Associated Press, Roy Jackson, who along with his wife, Gretchen Jackson, owned the colt, said: "We just reached a point where it was going to be difficult for him to go on without pain. It was the right decision, it was the right thing to do. We said all along if there was a situation where it would become more difficult for him then it would be time."
Barbaro eventually succumbed to the ravages of the crippling hoof disease laminitis, which developed in his left hind leg and caused further problems with the right hind. The original fracture in his right hind leg had healed, but subsequent complications in both rear legs felled the gallant colt.
Dr. Dean Richardson, the chief of surgery at New Bolton, had repeatedly cautioned that Barbaro's health was in a precarious position, even as the colt appeared to make strides toward a recovery last fall. In recent weeks, however, Barbaro had several setbacks that eventually proved insurmountable.
On Saturday, Barbaro had surgery on his right hind leg because, according to a statement from Richardson, "we could not keep him comfortable on his right hind foot."
Richardson said a deep abscess developed because Barbaro apparently was shifting weight to his right hind to compensate for the "discomfort on the left hind foot." Richardson said it was not laminitis in the right hind, but "potentially just as serious."
The surgery on Saturday placed an external skeleton fixation device on the leg, which required two steel pins to be placed through the right hind cannon bone, Richardson said.
"This results in the horse eliminating all weight-bearing from the foot," Richardson said. "The horse's weight is borne through the pins across the cannon bone. There is significant risk in this approach, but we believed it was our only option given the worsening of the right hind foot problem."
Richardson said the major risk was that the bone bearing the weight - in this case, the cannon bone - "can fracture."
"Unfortunately, we felt we needed to take this risk because this approach offered our only hope of keeping Barbaro acceptably comfortable," Richardson said.
At the time, Richardson warned, "This is another significant setback that exemplifies how complex his medical situation remains because both hind limbs have major problems."
The surgery on Saturday, which removed an orthotic brace, followed by three days surgery to apply a plastic and steel brace to help stabilize the right hind leg. At that time, an abscess was drained from the right hind foot, and the cast on his left hind leg was changed.
Although the original fracture in the right hind had healed, the left leg ended up being a longer, more complicated project, and begat the recent complications in the right hind leg.
Barbaro's condition had regressed earlier in January, but he then had a couple of good weeks before his latest round of maladies.
On Jan. 3, Barbaro had the cast replaced on his left hind leg. And then on Jan. 9, Barbaro had a significant setback. According to a press release from New Bolton, Barbaro "became acutely more uncomfortable on his left hind foot" that evening.
"The foot cast was removed and some new separation of the medial [inside] portion of his foot was found," the release said. As a result, Barbaro needed surgery to remove the damaged tissue.
In death, as during his life, Barbaro was a cut above the rest. He survived far longer than anyone could have expected, considering the extent of the injuries to his right hind leg suffered May 20, coupled with the case of laminitis he developed in his left hind in early July. And as a racehorse, Barbaro became the first horse to win the Derby off a break of five weeks or more since Needles 50 years earlier.
Barbaro had an unorthodox campaign in the spring that trainer Michael Matz correctly believed would have Barbaro at his peak for the Derby and the Triple Crown.
Barbaro had won the first three starts of his career on turf, but then was moved to dirt for the Holy Bull Stakes on Feb. 4. He won that race, in a driving rainstorm, and then was given a two-month break until the Florida Derby on April 1. So, Barbaro entered the Derby with just one race in 13 weeks.
The week of the Derby, no horse trained better than Barbaro. One week before the race, he had a powerful workout for the Derby under exercise rider Peter Brette in which Barbaro was credited with a four-furlong time of 46 seconds, but actually went six furlongs in about 1:12 while traveling effortlessly.
He ran to his works. Barbaro, sent off the second choice in the Derby on May 6, captured the race in a runaway, winning by 6 1/2 lengths with jockey Edgar Prado to remain undefeated after six starts. The overpowering manner of his win gave rise to talk that he would become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978.
Barbaro was sent off the 1-2 favorite in the Preakness. After being loaded into the gate for the race, he pushed open his stall and jogged about 110 yards down the stretch. He came back to the gate, was reloaded, then was sent on his way in the Preakness.
A furlong into the race, Prado suddenly pulled up Barbaro and eased him toward the outside rail as the rest of the Preakness runners rolled by. It was immediately obvious that Barbaro had suffered a serious fracture to his right hind leg, and he was taken by horse ambulance back to the stakes barn.
Radiographs taken a half-hour later showed that Barbaro had catastrophic injuries to his right hind. He had a fracture in the cannon bone above the fetlock, had fractured the pastern bone below the fetlock, and had fractured and dislocated his fetlock. Within 90 minutes of the race, Barbaro was being transported to New Bolton.
The next morning, Barbaro underwent extensive surgery, performed by Richardson, to repair his shattered right hind leg. He needed a plate and 27 screws to fuse the lower portion of his leg, and had his leg placed in a cast that ran from his foot to just below his hock.
For the first six weeks, Barbaro appeared to recover in a satisfactory manner. But on July 8, he had the plate and several screws replaced after an infection was detected in that leg. Within a few days of that surgery, Barbaro developed laminitis in his left hind leg. Laminitis often occurs in a previously sound limb when a horse attempts to shift weight to relieve pressure on an opposing, injured limb.
After developing laminitis, Barbaro had surgery to remove 80 percent of the hoof on his left rear foot. That foot was placed in a soft cast. Barbaro was placed in a sling for several hours a day to help take pressure off his injured limbs, though he was able to get up on his own power after laying down to rest.
By the fall, Barbaro had recovered to the point where he could be taken outside to graze each day. There even was talk of moving him to a warmer climate, to avoid the usually harsh winters in Pennsylvania.
Barbaro was bred and was owned by the Jacksons, who race under Lael Stables. Barbaro was by Dynaformer out of the Carson City mare La Ville Rouge. He won 6 of 7 starts and earned $2,302,200.
He was a finalist for champion 3-year-old male of 2006, but lost that title to Bernardini, who won the Preakness. The Jacksons were named co-champion owner for 2006 along with Sheikh Mohammed al-Maktoum's Darley Stable, which owns Bernardini. The Jacksons, Richardson, and New Bolton received a Special Eclipse Award for their perseverance with Barbaro following his intial injury.
Monday, Monday, just heard a report on BARBARO on the radio - "if he breaks that bone again, we'll probably call it quits" - Dr. Dean Richardson. Yikes.
Shots galore in the Letters section of the DRF on Sunday with regards to that letter last week by the wife of Anthony Sciametta (asst. trainer to Todd Pletcher) who poo-pooed the story on trainer Peter Vestal. Trainer RUSTY ARNOLD said "It is said that everyone will have their 15 minutes of fame. Perhaps in this case, considering the letter-writer's affiliation (Sciametta is subbing for Todd right now), that amounts to 45 days, with about 15 left." Ouch.
I've tried posting a comment on your blog many times but have been unable to do (s0). Not sure why? (My Firefox browser?)
Anyway, now that you've posted your email address, I wanted to write to thank you for having by far the best web site on the local racing scene available anywhere--and certainly much better than the "official" site!
I've always loved racing. Not really the wagering, just the sport itself, all of it: the breeding, the races, the stories, and the nobility of the animals. In fact, I follow the sport the way others follow hockey or baseball (sports I enjoy, too, by the way). But one of the tough things about the sport is the dearth of real information--and here I'm talking about stuff that goes beyond what the official line is. For example, most casual fans would not have known about the poor condition of the polytrack in the fall given the tv broadcasts, other than the party line: "There seems to be a bit more kickback." You really kept us up to date. I also love that you keep us informed on how Canadian horses are doing.
Anyway--thank you so much for your blog. Your enthusiasm for racing shines through every single post! If I had any request at all, I wish you might sometimes include some breeding info...who foaled what, who's going to visit what stallion, etc. I'm especially a fan of the Sam-Son operation, but finding any sort of breeding info is well near impossible!
(Right...Canadian-bred turf star JAMBALAYA worked again yesterday morning at the Ocala Training Centre getting ready for the Canadian Turf Handicap at Gulfstream)
Thoughts on some of the Millions races - Canadian-owned MISTICAL PLAN looked so good on post parade and was up in time to win the Oaks by a nose. Maybe a horse to watch from that race...PRENUPTIAL, who put in a nice rally while wide but was in the 7 path off the turn and flattened out.
SMOKEY STOVER also gave away himself in post parade, not just on paper, and was an easy winner of the Sprint at Santa Anita...no doubt the Bordonaro people will hush hush a bit now about the horse not getting nominated for an Eclipse Award (although he did well last season for sure). Smokey could be the next Lost in the Fog - same owner and trainer.
SHAGGY MANE, what a claim!! Jim Kwong picked her up for $12,500 last year and she easily won the Filly Sprint.
I'm going to get in a whole lotta trouble for this thought...LAVA MAN, okay, he's $4 million the hard way at various distances and surfaces but like Jay Hovdey write in yesterday's DRF, he's a California guy and that's it, that's all. Reading the Pasadena news and other outlets this morning, good grief...John Henry comparisons???? This horse has not been close when he goes away from his confines of California...Sure, he's cool, fun to watch, brave and all that...but let's not get silly people.
Classy old-timer WILLARD STRAIGHT was claimed by Tucci Stable's (who owned multiple champion mare One for Rose) yesterday at Gulfstream for $50,000 and may be headed to Woodbine for grass racing.
The 7-year-old (Lion Cavern - My Reem) won a stakes race as a 3 and 4-year-old and was a close 5th in the Grade 3 Connaught Cup at Woodbine last year for owner/breeder Lawrence Goichman and trainer Todd Pletcher behind Remarkable News.
Yesterday, Willard was a closing second in his first race for claiming. The horse has won 7 of 25 races and over $300,000.
Yesterday morning, the highly touted Canadian-bred 3-year-old EASTERMAN worked 5 furlongs in 1:02 for trainer Mike DePaulo. Perhaps the colt will race down south before heading to Woodbine. DePaulo prepared last year's classic contender SHILLELAGH SLEW, who went on to be named champion 3yo colt.
A Canadian-bred colt by the name of ROMAN LEGION owned by Stuart Hyman, tried to make it 2 for 2 yesterday at Mountaineer but was eliminated at the break in an allowance race and rates another shot the next time he competes.
Anything that has to do with sunshine is okay by me, sheesh, there was a rock-hard sheet of ice over the car this morning and fluffy snow that fell yesterday is now a rink.
Woodbine is represented by FORBIDDEN BEAR in the 3yo sprint at Gulfstream. A Florida-bred by that cool, long distance grass horse Forbidden Apple, Forbidden Bear was an 'international' when he debuted at Woodbine. It was during the speed favouring days of Woodbine's Polytrack and he broke a bit slowly and raced wide and off the pace but circled and drew off. Pretty good horse, but good enough for these at this point?
While it seems impossible to get past young Mr. Talamo at Fair Grounds these days (he won another pile of races yesterday), Woodbine's leading jock EMMA-JAYNE WILSON won a pair including one of HER EXCELLENCY. A nicely bred daughter of Deputy Minister - Go Classic form the Sam-Son breeding operation, the 4yo won her maiden with a front running style.
At Gulfstream yesterday morning, Queen's Plate hopeful MARCHFIELD (A.P. Indy), owned by Eugene Melnyk and trained by Mark Casse, had a fast 5 furlong work in 1:00 4/5. Last year's Plate winner EDENWOLD was on the tab on Thursday, 1:02 for five fur.
Unsettling POLYTRACK story by Mary Jean Wall on Kentucky.com today... (linked on Equidaily) as Turfway's surface seems to be having trouble with cold temps like Woodbine's did last year.
Meanwhile, Woodbine announced that the Polytrack will be the surface opened for training on Feb. 11 and not the training track. Work on Polytrack is expected to be done when the weather warms up (August??).
Most of the news around Woodbine racing department these days is jockeys and agents (zzzzzz) but one surprising bit is that CHANTAL SUTHERLAND is reportedly heading back to Woodbine to ride. Sutherland left Woodbine to try New York and other locales and had some parting shots in the media with regards to Woodbine folks when she did so (along the lines of chauvenism).
Very interesting... Emma-Jayne doesn't seem to have a problem with being female at Woodbine, quite the contrary I think.
i seem to remember the article being about Chantal complaining that her "beauty" was getting in the way of her being noticed for her riding ability....wah, wah, wah...it will be interesting to see what type of homecoming she gets from the backside. i believe that she burned a lot of bridges.
I think that it will be interesting to see Chantal riding here again. She was quite outspoken and I think that will come back to haunt her.
Any comparison to Emma (from an earlier post) is not realistic. however. Emma has been the leading Woodbine rider two years in a row. Even as a bug, Chantal did not achieve anything near that.
I think the female jockey to watch this year is Michelle Rainford. She has been steadily improving toward the end of the season. And with the 5 pound bug, she will likeley be stealing mounts from a lot of journeymen. male and female.
Wasn't comparing Emma to Chantal, you can't do that Emma has more talent and proves it everytime she rides. I was just merely stating that Emma doesn't seem to have a problem with being female and a rider at Woodbine.
The big difference between Emma and Chantal is that Emma used her skill, talent and ability to gain press and recognition....chantal used her looks.
Why would Chantal ever waste her time coming back to Woodbine?? She might be better off trying out at the landing strip for a job. Besides she'll never get the shot that Michael Wright Jr gave her. Where did he go? one of the best trainers Woodbine ever seen, since the great Frank Merrill.
Is Chantal bring Mike Smith with her to pave the road?? Hope he has all his paper work in order, because these jockey in Toronto will be all over him, not her
SEALY HILL one of top prospects for local 3yo filly races, was a modest 2nd today, fading late behind the very talented Autobahn Lady but the last two furlongs were run in very slow time.
Thanks to those who sent comments in through the first 200 posts of my Blog, it's fun to read everyones thoughts on this great game!
Whew, not quite one year since I launched my Blog on the advice of my super brother, I am posting for the 200th time, feels pretty good.
Okay, so whether any of these 200 posts have consistently been insightful is debatable but it sure is a cool outlet for myself and my local racing scene gets some attention.
Canadian-breds have made an impact worldwide for decades. Many of the most influential and talented racehorses have been foaled and raised here.
Last season was not the best for the Canadian-breds, in fact it has been a couple of years since we've had a really, really good Canadian-bred compete south of the border (Soaring Free perhaps).
Simply going over the list of the top 2-year-olds of last year, girls and boys, makes it impossible not to be excited about the upcoming season (Mar. 31). The backstretch openers next weekend!
SEALY HILL starts our engines today at Gulfstream. A powerful and impressive miss, let's hope she is the real deal and has progressed well to a mature sophomore.
Ugh, MORE TO PROVE is aptly named at this time. The With Approval filly had a dreadful debut yesterday at Gulfstream (eased) and no doubt will have to regroup and head to the turf.
I'm hopeful that Pletcher's Twilight Meteor can develop into a top class horse and carry the flag for the CAN-breds in the US. He is already proficient on Turf and Polytrack.
Sealy Hill ran a decent second. I dont think she was best served by going to the front but perhaps a bigger field will present a better pace scenario for her. Still there is no shame in losing to Autobahn Girl. I had the Zito filly ranked #6 in my Oaks contenders list.
Way to go on 200, and I'd say all 200 were great reads. THanks for being a contributing member of our group.
Woodbine Entertainment Group's chief executive officer DAVID WILLMOT emphasized the danger that lies ahead for North American racetracks at the Asian Racing Conference in Dubai yesterday.
Citing a "very dark future", Willmot said tracks need to take control of their business again as far as simulcast signals, to combat internet betting and sites that offer gamblers rebates.
Willmot has offered up an idea of an organization called Simulco, for tracks to join together to take control of national and international simulcasting.
Also in the news (a big news day in racing for a Wednesday in January), horse slaughter in Texas may come to an end soon after a federal appeals court cited a 1949 Texas law that prohibits the slaughter of horses for human consumption overseas. The story is the lead item on some racing news sites this morning.
Hall of Fame trainer ROGER ATTFIELD has always been impressed by the training of his filly MORE TO PROVE, who finally debuts today at Gulfstream. A 4-year-old by With Approval out of the Alydeed mare Alyette, More to Prove is the first race on today's card.
As the BERNARDINI-BARBARO debate rages on (comments on this site present the what if? scenario..what if Barbaro did not break down in the Preakness..who would have won? No one can answer that, but many have an opinion), none of us will ever see either horse race again and that really is the bottom line. Barbaro may have been as good as Bernardini, better or maybe not. I voted for Barbaro for 3yo, not many did evidently, but that is what this game is all about - opinions.
Eugene Melnyk's SEALY HILL, nominated as Canada's best 2yo filly of 2006, is entered to make her 2007 debut on Thursday at Gulfstream in a $48,000, 1 mile allowance race - the 3rd event on the card.
The small field is a good spot for the Mark Casse trained daughter of Point Given but there is a scary one in the mix called AUTOBAHN GIRL (A.P. Indy), a talented daughter of Canadian champion SAORISE (Ser-sha), dam of 2 other foals including stakes winner Hide and Chic and stakes placed Saorise Cat.
Eeks! the DRF Gulfstream column that talks about DREAM RUSH (see my post on Sunday) details trainer Rick Violette's pre-race plan to "school" the filly a bit (from the rail post!!) and that it was his instructions that led to the terrible trip the filly encountered on her way to the 1 to 5 loss. And we are all betting money on these races??? Not good. Not good.
BARBARO was 2nd in the voting for Horse of the Year ahead of Bernardini but blown out for the 3yo championship. Weird. Anyway, both were top 3yos, too bad we didn't see who would have won the Preakness if all went well.
Trainer Catherine Day Phillips reports that Canadian turf star JAMBALAYA is being pointed to the upcoming Canadian Turf Handicap at Gulfstream. The son of Langfuhr worked 5 furlongs in 1:00 3/5 at Ocala Training Centre on Saturday.
Queen's Plate contender TWILIGHT METEOR (Todd Pletcher barn) had another slow workout at Palm Meadows yesterday - 53 2/5 for four furlongs. Of course, the Plate is not until late June. Early nominations close in a couple of weeks and the winterbook odds will be released in mid- March.
The most expensive yearling in Canada last year - Hold That Tiger out of Brittan Lee - $250,000, has been named BRODERICK by owners Jim and Alice Sapara.
We were so focused on what happened at the start of the Preakness the essential question is not debated as hotly as you would think... if not for the injury, Barbaro or Bernardini at the wire??
Woodbine jock GERRY OLGUIN has already had a couple of winners at the tough Santa Anita meeting yesterday but could have added to that total yesterday on SPANKEY COME HOME. A $17,000 yearling purchase, Spankey was seemingly on his way to his maiden win over the heavily backed TIME SQUARED before he zoomed outwards off the last turn and drifted way out to the other side of the track. The colt won but was later disqualified. As for Time Squared (touted on these pages too!), he lost 2nd place to Tiago (little brother to Kentucky Derby winner GIACOMO, by Pleasant Tap), who was placed first.
ECLIPSE AWARDS night in California. As a voter, I have opinions on who should win. I voted for INVASOR for Horse of the Year and BARBARO for 3yo. I love Bernardini more than most but Barbaro gets extra points for his heart and desire to live.
No changes on the Canadian-bred Top Ten List this weekend but stayed tuned for some appearances by some good ones in weeks to come.
Champion 3yo colt/gelding SHILLELAGH SLEW is at Palm Meadows in Florida gearing up for his 4yo season following surgery last fall for a chip.
Yep, heart in a racehorse is a big factor. Hey, I would not have been the only one who voted for Barbaro and I am comfortable with my decision although it was not an easy one. I had my biggest hit in the Preakness, betting Bernardini to win and having a big exactor.
Plenty of people will have voted for barbaro. I would hope most of them did it for his racing merits. "Desire to live" is a tricky thing as we have no indication that his desire to live is any greater than the horses he was up against for the award. After all they are still all alive and the so called desire isnt revealed unless they are actually facing death. I suppose my point is that Bernardini could have easily had the same "desire to live". We just dont know because he wasnt injured. Seems odd to give a horse an award based on that. I think Barbaro's best case to win stands with what he accomplished on the track.
Welcome to another crisp and crunchy morning in Toronto (okay, Brampton) where winter is here and the temperartures are -12 (Celcius, don't ask what that is in Fahrenheit).
"IT WILL BE A BAD YEAR TO CHEAT" Those were the words from one press box notable yesterday at Woodbine after the news came that the Ontario Racing Commission is putting up $1 million a year for 2 years to a task force of folks including Woodbine's DAVID WILLMOT, veterinarian MOIRA GUNN and others to siphon out the drug cheaters in racing.
The topic is certainly everywhere and racing must get these negative stories out of the newspapers (and these papers love to put only negative write-ups in the editions).
POLYTRACK could be open for training at Woodbine by March 1, several weeks earlier than usual. The backstretch opens for horses to arrive on Feb. 1.
ROBERT LANDRY, one of Canada's top riders, has apparently hired former rider/trainer/agent DOUG GIBBONS to be his agent for 2007. STEVE BAHEN, coming off one of his best years as a journeyman, will give newcomer PETER CATSIMBRAS a try and his agent when the Woodbine meeting starts Mar. 31. Peter ran the jocks kitchen last year and has been the head of parking for Woodbine.
That Gulfstream Park segment WHO DO YOU LIKE? is completely inane. Not sure what the purpose is, other than to give a fan $20 to bet with. Such a classy race meeting and every year it seems things get more Mickey Mouse there (sorry Mickey).
Rafael Bejarano, who got 1 to 5 shot DREAM RUSH into a world of trouble in the 4th at Gulfstream yesterday - it was almost comical. A large filly who was undefeated in 2 starts for Rick Violette Jr., Dream Rush was not sent hard from her rail post but then Bejarano started to lose their spot on the fence and the filly was eager. Steadying and checking and waiting, the filly then had nowheere to virtually the rest of the way as Kent Desormeaux made him look silly (he won the race on Secretsoftheheart).
Eibar Coa had miserable journeys at Aqueduct - first on PRECISE ALLOY in the 7th and then on SHUFFLING MADNESS in the Aqueduct Handicap. The former was trapped inside for the stretch run and could have possibly won but not sure the latter would have beaten LIQUOR CABINET. Still, they are a couple of horses to watch.
DECLAN'S MOON - eeks, once a top class 3yo and yesterday sent to Golden Gate Fields to a little allowance race to get his career back on track and he stopped to last place. Sad to see this progression with such a nice looking horse.
A vet is charged with injecting horses with vodka at Fonner Park (there's a story on racingdispatch.com if you can bear to read it) and harness racing continues to get bad press in Ontario and elsewhere.
Yesterday at Gulfstream, COTTONMOUTH broke down in a claiming race. Yes, these things happen and I don't know if the horse is alive or not, since I'm not there. The point I would like to make is that the horse's current form had to be in question, and if it wasn't, to vets there or track stewards, then it should have been.
Why does a horse suddenly bolt early in a race when he has not done it before? Why was Kent Desormeaux his rider for that bolting incident at Gulfstream on Jan 3 and then yesterday, a rider named D. Pena-Mora is named? A week after the horse bolted, he had a sizzling workout at GP (one week after!!!).
Later in the day, THE GOOD LUCK GUY, trained by the very good horseman Jody Hammett (who claimed an old, broken down horse at Fort Erie last year just to retire him), pulled up on the class dive. He was claimed by Frank Passero, who incidentally won the race with Ontario-bred BELIEVER'S WAR. Let's hope horses will be put through rigorous and not haphazard examinations, not just physically at the barn but on PAPER, before each race day.
I hope a response to an email sent to Gulfstream about COTTONMOUTH and the incident will be answered. And/or those who own horses, take care of them and be charitable to retirement groups for horses. The game is about the horses.
I am in complete agreement with you Jen. These activities just further the general public's opinion that racing is shady and crooked.
I was a part owner in a race horse several years ago, and she was not a winner. Although sound, I knew the partners were intending to send her to the auctions for slaughter. I quickly bought out the partners and took her for my own. Now she is competing in Hunter Jumper and winning ribbons. She is spoiled rotten and still mine.
good post. i hope influentual people in race such as urself will continue to demand pre-race diagnostics. how incredible is it that the technology is there and they fail to use it. the nebraska vet situation, that is beyond incredible. wondering if he's suspended and when the license will be revoked.
I was at Gulfstream the day Cottonmouth broke down. It happend half way down the stretch and he was finally pulled up right before the wire. Since it was right in front of the Grandstand they did not put the horse down on the spot. It looked to me like something broked right above the right front ankle. Very sad sight to see. The horse looked scared out of his mind. The rider was removed on a backboard into the ambulance.
P.S. I imagine that Cottonmouth was put down after the race due to the sevarity of the injury (that is my opinion from what I saw.) The Good Luck Guy made it off the race track on his own power. Also I see that two or three horses failed to finish again yesterday at Gulfstream.
Stronach Stables' SUGAR SWIRL won an allowance race at Gulfstream yesterday and landed herself a spot on Thoroughblog's HOT CANADIAN-BREDS list...
Another Canadian-bred, HOMESTEADER, no longer based at Woodbine, won an allowance race at Laurel yesterday too.
Sovereign Award-nominated 2yo colt SKIP CODE worked four furlongs in :49 1/5 in Florida yesterday as trainer Mark Casse prepares him for a spring sophomore campaign. The grey son of Skip Away was one of the better juveniles in Canada in 2006 but he's not Canadian-bred, so we may not see him much in 2007.
Incidentally, Skip Code and MARCHFIELD, owned by Eugene Melnyk, are nominated to the Florida and Louisiana Derbies. The latter is a Canadian-bred maiden.
One to watch for at Fair Grounds is Sam-Son's WRITTEN IN STONE, a gelding who is nominated to the Louisiana Derby.
LET IT RIDE.COM, an interesting forum site for racing fans, is the site of a thread trashing Woodbine Entertainment's Horseplayer Interactive betting system. Thirty-three posts were on there this morning from a few people who truly aren't happy with the betting system, rewards program, rebates, etc. The thread is found under the "General Racing Discussion" topic.
Personally, I enjoy watching the TV channel all winter and wagering on races and don't really have any major complaints. Talk to those in the U.S. who are stuck watching silly channels like TVG where they show the occasional race from here, and then there. I've seen it, it's brutal. With HPI TV, every race can be seen at some point. They do an excellent job organizing the feeds.
Yes, TVG is horrible. The hosts are annoying, that background "music" they play in the evenings sucks, their graphics shrink the video so bad you can't see the horses anymore... need I go on? Nice to know that in Canada the TVG exclusivity deals don't apply and HPI can show tracks owned by both Magna AND Churchill Downs.
As for complaining about Woodbine, let's face it, if NYRA had what Woodbine has, they wouldn't be bankrupt... and I don't just mean the slots.
Okay, winter finally got here, 'bout time I guess. Cars with shells of ice encasing them, batteries dead, frozen hair, all that good stuff.
THOROUGHBLOG is going to start up a "Hot Canadians" list of the hot, current runners, just as soon as I figure out how to do it on my sidebar...(oh.. engineer brother of mine..help!)
Maybe Scott Fairlie's CARRINGTON will make the first list - the Carson City gelding won a 6 1/2 furlong allowance/optional claimer at Philly Park on Tuesday for sub-trainer Maggie Couse, also from Woodbine. His Beyer Figure was 86.
Canadian-bred WELCOME AGAIN looks like he's blossoming now after beating a nice field at Gulfstream yesterday. The colt was once a Queen's Plate hopeful but now, as a 4-year-old, might be good enough to be a major player in the older horse ranks at Woodbine. Oh yes, he's by Awesome Again, who is red-hot right now.
Never like to jump on bandwagons with lightly races 3yos at this time of year but EXHALE was stunning yesterday when winning his maiden in his 2nd start at Santa Anita. Not sure if he beat much but he had a 98 Beyer Figure from his debut so he's obviously a good one. He's by Millenium Wind out of a Manila mare.
At the age of 10 and making his 50th career start, Canadian-bred COOL N COLLECTIVE won at Aquduect yesterday for trainer Juan Serey. He's a cool dude who has raced at Woodbine many times in his career. Bred by Jim and Alice Sapara, he's by Ruhlmann out of Panther Run.
guess who worked just a tick slower of the 28 horses working 5 furlongs that morning? Top Canadian 3yo filly SEALY HILL (Point Given), winner of the Glorious Song Stakes at Woodbine in November. She’s owned and bred by Eugene Melnyk and trained by Mark Casse.
Promising 3yo EASTERMAN (Smart Strike), trained by Mike DePaulo, has shown up on the worktab in Florida (Palm Meadows) and the gelding is one of numerous exciting sophomore prospects for the Queen’s Plate for 2007. It’s one of the most intriguing years for 3yos in Canada, too bad we can’t have a future bet!
Other notable Canadians showing up in the works down south include JAMBALAYA, our turf star from the Catherine Day Phillips barn and PIPERS THUNDER, last year’s Plate Trial winner who was placed 2nd in the Prince of Wales. Champion PALLADIO, trained by Roger Attfield, worked at Payson on Sunday at six furlongs.
Continuing to look good is HIGH ACT, a Canadian-bred 3yo by El Prado who won his maiden in his 2nd career start at Calder last month with a 76 Beyer Figure. The Stronach Stables colt had another quick workout on the weekend.
Speaking of the Stronach team, its Awesome Again is on a roll as SUGAR SHAKE did indeed take yesterday’s El Encino, the second graded stakes winner for the sire at Santa Anita on the weekend.
Red-hot MALCOLM PIERCE stable should win the 5th at Fair Grounds today with Pink Oak’s GET RICH QUICK, who came home in :23 4/5 in his latest.
JUDITH’S WILD RUSH, well traveled but very sturdy, won the Native Dancer Stakes yesterday at Laurel in his return outing for trainer Julian Canet. Ridden by Julian Pimentel, the 3-time Canadian champion gelding won the one-mile race through disqualification of Your Bluffing, who edged the Canadian champ but drifted into that rival.
It was the 11th win in 36 starts for Judith’s Wild Rush, who has been racing and training steadily for a long time. In Toronto, he is trained by Reade Baker.
Baker, incidentally, will start BEAR’S KID in the 8th at Gulfstream today. The lightly raced colt won on Polytrack in November and is likely just as good on the grass. Also, BEARSTEIN (these guys are all owned by Danny Dion’s Bear Stables) is in the 9th. He was highly regarded before his debut, won easily enough over a filly stablemate but today’s distance may be tough.
Synthetic surfaces may eventually change the face of racing from speed to stamina but right now, speed is still the name of the game.
HARD SPUN, the much-hyped, undefeated and impressive looking Danzig colt, was allowed to roll from the start in yesterday’s Lecomte Stakes at Fair Grounds and he galloped away to an easy win in the one-mile prep for the Louisiana Derby.
Not sure you teach a horse to get 1 ¼ miles on the first Saturday in May by letting him whiz around the track but then again, as a bettor, you don’t want people fooling around and “teaching” horses when you’re money is on the line.
Hard Spun will stay have critics since he has not run very fast yet but he’s a beauty and has the breeding to match.
NOTIONAL added blinkers to sharpen his speed and he roared past a wobbling Tenfold to win the San Rafael at Santa yesterday. The In Excess colt is owned by Canadian J. Paul Reddam. Again, his style is for speed and there is still a long way to go to get to the 10 furlongs on Derby day.
A prime example of the speed mindset that still prevails is the allowance win by MAIZELLE, a Todd Pletcher student, at Gulfstream yesterday. Heavily favoured, this gal was allowed to roll and pushed along through tough pace fractions in a route race, she opened up on the field into the stretch and then stayed on. The Seeking the Gold filly was really never allowed to have a breather.
Of course, Gulfstream’s main track is fast and been slanted to inside speed in recent days anyway, so…send and burn!
Canadian farm, CHIEFSWOOD STABLE won a nice allowance race at Gulfstream yesterday with NOTTAWASAGA, who crushed a good field at 25 to 1. The Kentucky-bred may be the farm’s next bright light at Woodbine – she looks good for the older mare turf ranks in 2007.
Canadian-bred WITNESS THIS, bred by Ontario’s own Gail Wood and Dr. Ruth Barbour, long with Alex Brancato, won a $40K claimer at SA yesterday to zoon past $200K in earnings. Solid racehorse.
Darley Stud won two races with first-timers yesterday at Gulfie. CAME TO PASS, out of an EASY GOER mare, won his debut in much faster time than his mate MANDURAH, a son of A.P. Indy later in the card. Came to Pass, a leggy bay, was green and on the wrong lead for the stretch run but looks like he could be a star.
Canadian-bred AWESOME AGAIN sired Awesome Gem, the San Fernando winner yesterday (and that was a super field and an exciting race) and may double up with SUGAR SHAKE, who can win the El Encino (G2) this afternoon.
BRAD FREE’S column in Saturday’s DRF was a good notebook of bits. One item that will drive Woodbine fans nutty is the “first-time gelding” note. That information is available at Santa Anita and two first-time geldings won the other day at SA and paid nicely. There is one racing today, THAT’S AN OUTRAGE. You can’t get this info at Woodbine.
TEX and CINDY over at About Horse Racing/horse-races.net were kind enough to send links of their photos of Lexington-area stallions taken last weekend. Here is the note and the links:
We visited six Lexington-area stallion farms last weekend during their open houses. You can view our photos from the weekend here:
Oh yes, although we didn't go there this year we did visit Wando at Lane's End last year. We were surprised at how much weight he'd put on and this was just a few months after he retired. Take a look:
Enjoy the photos and feel free to post the links on your site if you think your readers would enjoy seeing them!
I applaud you for noticing that CAME TO PASS was green and on the wrong lead in the stretch (also broke slowly and semi-rushed to the lead on the rail) however, his race was very unique for yet another reason. Assuming you're not aware of what I'm referring to, I suggest that you take a very close look at the headon replay of the race.
Heavy rain and on the mild side one day - then slick sleet and some snow on the ground this morning.
At least there is lots of cool stuff going on this weekend in racing and Monday is a U.S. holiday (Martin Luther King day) so everyone is racing. They can keep the weekday cards at Gulfstream etc. but the weekends sure brighten up the winter.
Sam-Son Farms' HATPIN, who ran that miraculous race on Nov. 26 off a one-year layoff (2nd beaten 1/2 a length in the Bessarabian to eventual champion mare Financingavailable), is in the Leggio at Fair Grounds today and she's working fast. By the red-hot Smart Strike.
Update - Malcolm Pierce has won 8 races at Fair Grounds - Idle Rumour won yesterday on the turf for Pink Oak Stud.
There sure are lots of opinions, and as I can see, complaints/concerns about the new Breeders' Cup races. Steven Crist makes some good points in today's Daily Racing Form.
Hey, it's like Woodbine's Polytrack...it's far from perfect and needs lots of tinkering, but it can help the game.
BROTHER AND SIS - In the 6th at Gulfstream today, ROCK PULPIT makes his debut for trainer Nick Zito. His big sister, NOTTAWASAGA, races in the next event on the grass for Canada's Chiefswood Stable.
Fellow T'bred BLOGGER John (NOT TO THE SWIFT) has launched the official BIRDBIRDISTHEWORD Blog site and there is a little interview with the Kentucky Derby contender's owner Ray Cottrell. If you like the BIRD, then check out Birdbirdblog.blogspot.com (link listed on the right)
I have seen your blog and I found a lot of interesting Content... So good image and some good art... I invite you to see mine at here
There's going to be plenty of great racing this weekend and I really looking forward to watching Hard Spun run today!
Fair Grounds bettors are hopefully getting on the Woodbine bandwagon as our Polytrack runners have been doing well there.
Doing how well? Well, DOING won yesterday for $50K maiden claiming for Carroll and LIEN ON ME won a turf allowance for Malcolm Pierce over Emma-Jayne Wilson aboard Sam-Son's Song of a Lark.
Carroll, who became the first woman trainer to win the Queen's Plate (2006 with Edenwold) has already won a race today with GOLDEN HORN and she has a few entered tomorrow. The talented DA CARDINAL is a good play in the 3rd race and Minshall Farms' RAW POWER is a contender in the Col. E.R. Bradley Handicap.
Super card at Fair Grounds tomorrow with a litany of stakes races including the intriguing Lecomte S. with the undefeated hyped colt HARD SPUN.
Other Canadian winners at Fair Grounds or Gulfstream include Roger Attfield, our Hall of Fame trainer, Jody Hammett, who has more horses racing coming up on the 17th and Nick Gonzalez.
I don't normally sit here and muse on this site but as I await entries to be drawn for Gulfstream for Saturday, I have been surfing and checking out other blogs and sites.
For some good laughs, check out Voodoo's Room (voodoosroom.com, see links section). Voodoo loves horse racing and is also a good ole down to earth person who knows how to put everyday occurences into funny comments.
I am mired in working on a lengthy story that is due tomorrow (always last minute with me) but would rather play the races from the couch downstairs instead.
One of Canada's longtime leading stallions, GREAT GLADIATOR, was euthanized not long ago at John Carey's Farm in Shelburne. It was a very sad occasion for Carey but he has a new face on board - the flashy OLD FORESTER, who is a favourite of mine since he was a key horse in one of my winning PICK 4 tickets when I was at Gulfstream last winter.
From Florida, top Woodbine jock Rob Landry is looking for a new agent and Canadian trainer's continue to kick butt at Gulfie and Fair Grounds...
Thanks for the link and the plug! I've linked up to you on my site and I look forward to reading your thoughts as we go into a new racing year!
this is an excerpt from Daily Racing Form's Glenye Cain Oakford's news release on day 2 of the Keeneland January sale:
(F. Eugene) Dixon's death brought Solvig back to Keeneland's auction ring again on Tuesday, and, once again, she was one of the top choices at the January all-ages sale. Offered in foal to the 2005 champion 3-year-old Afleet Alex, Solvig was Tuesday's session-topper at $750,000.
In addition to Solvig, other six-figure horses from the Dixon dispersal included $350,000 I'm a Caution, in foal to Johannesburg, and $275,000 Stylish Beauty, in foal to Grand Slam. The Dixon horses sold through the agencies of Claiborne Farm and Mr. and Mrs. Rick Abbott's Charlton operation.
Solvig was an obvious standout at the second session, and it now seems likely that the Afleet Alex foal she's carrying will also show up in the auction ring as a yearling of 2008.
"There's been some debate about that, but our intent right now is to sell the foal," said Adrian Munro, who was seated next to bloodstock advisor Steve Johnson of Margaux Farm.
Adrian and his father, Dave, have been increasingly interested in commercial breeding and are trying to build a sales-quality mare band in Kentucky, in addition to the mares they have at home in Calgary. Their Highfield Stock Farm operation owns about 65 horses, most of which are mares, Adrian said, and also stands Captain Bodgit. They also campaign runners through the Team Valor partnerships, most recently as investors in United States allowance winner Fairbanks and South African stakes-winner Stratos.
"They're trying to buy one big mare a year," said Johnson, who oversees the Highfield mares in Kentucky at Margaux. Including Solvig, the Kentucky band now numbers five.
"She was in foal to the right horse, in foal at the right time, and she has a great race record," Johnson said of Solvig. "She had it all. I thought she'd bring more."
Solvig was not the Munros' first splashy Keeneland January purchase. Last year, they bought Argentine-bred Crazy Ensign, who was a Grade 1 winner in her homeland before becoming a graded-placed stakes winner in California. Highfield Stock Farm paid $925,000 for the mare. They also own Canadian stakes winner Marisa Go.
The Munros have flown just under the radar in the United States market, but Dave Munro has been involved in the Thoroughbred business for years. Dave Munro's interest in developing a commercial band in Kentucky has grown, his son said, after he sold "a couple of his businesses." Munro is the chief executive officer of Gienow Window and Door, based in Calgary. The family's varied business interests also include oil and gas.
Breeders' Cup Buzz: Just as THOROUGHBLOG'S readers have noted below, reaction is mixed on the addition of 3 races and a 2nd day of Cup action. Watered down or more excitement? One can see it both ways although much like some of the racing meetings today - Calder is one example - too much can be too boring.
Solvig is a nice mare. In foal to Afleet Alex is neat but we'll have to wait for his babes to see what he's passing out. Hopefully his heart passes on!
I love watching these horses sell. I have my little spreadsheet going to town! Did you see Hip #583---Real flashy little Came Home filly for $20k. I say it again...ahh to shop at Keeneland! haha
And as far as the Breeders Cup goes, sure it may seem like too much but there's always room for another group to show off in my opinion. Also, it gives a little more fuel to Eclipse Award voting. How often is a dominate grass 2 year old up for Juvie of the year?? That'd be never because it's not in the spotlight enough.
announced Monday the addition of three $1 million races and a second day to its program. The changes, the most significant expansion to the Breeders' Cup since it was formed 24 years ago, will begin at this year's event at Monmouth Park in Oceanport, N.J., on October 26-27.
"Today's marketplace demands change, innovation and the willingness to take chances," Breeders' Cup President Greg Avioli said in a statement.
"The Breeders' Cup board has embraced this and is giving us the freedom and responsibility to take the event to the next level."
The new races, to be run Friday, October 26, are the Dirt Mile for three-year-olds and up, the Filly & Mare Sprint for three-year-olds and up, and the Juvenile Turf, a one-mile event.
In addition to the three new races, there will be three other stakes races on the Friday card that will each carry a purse of $250,000, Breeders Cup officials said.
Purses for the 10-race October 26 card will total $4 million, making it the second-richest racing day in North America.
Total purses for the 11 Breeders' Cup races over the two days will increase to $23 million, up from $20 million at the 2006 event held at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Ky.
The changes to the program, authorized January 5 by the Breeders' Cup board of directors, must be approved by the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority, which operates Monmouth Park, and the New Jersey Racing Commission.
I think the additions are great! I'm really looking forward to it! I'll be really nice watching the Juvies on the turf!
I can understand why they have added select races, but it will serve to take away from what has traditionally been "breeders cup day".
Sooner or later there will be the filly and mare polytrack, the polytrack mile, the Quarter Horse turf, and a large number of other asinine compositions, all because selfish (breeders) don't have the good sense to leave well enough alone.
Sorry to say it, but breeders cup is foremostly the biggest betting day of the year, and adding a second day only waters down the product.
Another Canadian-bred 3-year-old has signalled that he is Queen's Plate material (and perhaps the Kentucky Derby) after BUFFALO MAN strolled away to win the Spectacular Bid Stakes at Gulfstream today. The Ontario-bred is by El Prado out of the Saratoga Six mare Prefect Six and was bred by Adena Springs. The leggy bay with a white blaze and four white feet is co-owned by NBA basketball coach Rick Pitino. Trainer Cam Gambolati (Spend a Buck) said the colt wants to go farther than the six furlongs of the 'Bid' but had said the colt was traininig very well.
Incredibly, jockey Eddie Castro looked behind him about 5 times around the turn while guiding the Man 3 wide in a chasing position. That didn't slow down the colt, however.
It was the fourth win in 6 starts for Buffalo Man, who won the Storm Cat Stakes with a 91 Beyer Figure at the Meadowlands in November.
Earlier on the Gulfstream card, Canadian bred 3yo filly SANIBEL was very impressive in a maiden score for trainer Mark Casse and Woodford Racing. The filly was racing for just the second time after finishing 3rd in her debut at Woodbine in Nov. and won the $62,500 claiming event by a long margin in a fast 1:16 4/5. While the Ecton Park miss has a wide and very high and choppy galloping action, she looked good in the win and perhaps will not be in a claiming race again any time soon.
More impressive stuff from Sunday included E Z WARRIOR's easy win in the San Miguel. The smoothing striding colt led all the way under a hand ride. The Exploit colt will get all kinds of press as far as Derby news goes but it's really hard to imagine this one being a route horse based on his breeding (out of a Carson City mare).
The filly RAGS TO RICHES was super in her maiden score at Santa Anita in a race before E Z Warrior. Making her second start, the $1.9 million yearling purchase won easy and looks like a very good one.
Premature move of the day - LADY RAJ in race 7 at Aqueduct. Didn't bet on her but she made an Arazi-type move on the turn but thewire had not been moved! She ultimately weakened late but could be one to tab for next time.
Pitino is the coach for the University of Louisville Cardinals. He made his name as the head coach of University of Kentucky, but did have a brief stint in the pros with Boston & New York.
Hall of famer Roger Attfield scored a nice win as well in the nightcap at Gulfstream with Querida Amiga.
Woodbine trainer Nick Gonzalez won yesterday's first race at Gulfstream with WYATT'S WOMEN to add to the successes of the Ontarians at tracks south of the border in the early days of 2007.
At the Fair Grounds, Emma-Jayne Wilson rode to two second-place finishes including one on Windfields Farms' UNTO THE HILLS and trainer Mike Mareina won an allowance race with NOT IN MY HOUSE.
In action today are Queen's Plate winner EDENWOLD (Hal's Hope at Gulfstream), HERE TO PLEASE (Count Fleet Stakes at Aqueduct), SLAM BAMMY (Mr. Prospector S., Gulfstream) and MATZOH TOGA (Louisians Breeders' Cup, Fair Grounds), just to name a few.
Worth a look in Gulfstream's 5th race is TOUCH A PRINCE, a Canadian-bred by Touch Gold who had some solid prep times at Woodbine this fall. The colt's only other sibling, Kapazunder, was very highly regarded and did win his debut last year at Woodbine but pulled up lame and has not raced since.
Queen's Plate winner EDENWOLD is wasting no time getting his 4-year-old campaign under way as the colt is entered for Saturday's Hal's Hope Stakes (G3) at Gulfstream, the 9th race on the card.
There is also a ton of good ones in the bulky 13 horse field and Edenwold drew post 13. Strong Contender and Sweetnothernsaint (undefeated since 2nd in the Preakness) are just 2 rough ones in the group. If Edenwold can settle off the pace and rally - as he has shown he can do in one-turn races, he could enter the top 4. Tough spot though.
Canadian-bred SLAM BAMMY is in the Grade 3 Mr. Prospector Stakes earlier on the card and looks like a contender.
Canada's first champion of 2006 to race in 2007, KIMCHI, the year's best 3yo filly, disappointed in the Get Lucky Stakes on Thursday at Aqueduct. The Langfuhr filly was a bit sluggish from the gate in the one-mile test, then moved up rank on horses heels, chased between horses and then appeared to lug out on the turn while stalling. She finished fourth at even-money.
Ya he's 20-1, and really should be 100-1 beat nothing but pigs and chickens in canda. He's a 50,000 claimer when he cross the border, the maple leaf falls off those Canadian horses in the US.
Woodbine-based trainer JODY HAMMETT (check his website listed on my links section) is atop of the Gulfstream Park standings - okay, after one day and tied with Anthony Scaimetta - thanks to a pair of wins on the first day of the 88-day season yesterday.
Hammett, who hails from Toronto and is considered an up-and-comer locally, won with Cup Fever (co-bred by National Hockey League goaltender Curtis Joseph) and the class-plunging Draw Fire, both horses owned by Toronto owner Herbert Chambers.
And the runner-ups to both horses were Woodbine dudes - Flashy n Bold was 2nd to Cup Fever for trainer Bard Baird and the Frank Passero trained Believer's War was 2nd to Draw Fire.
Also on the card, Ontario-bred Oracle of Omaha was a predictable winner of the 5th race on turf, a race that was messed up badly by a fallen horse on the first turn.
The main track appeared to play fairly on opening day (might want to check out how horses did on the rail, perhaps not the best part of the track?) and the grass was fair, although a bit on the yielding side with quite a bit of water in it from jockey accounts.
Sad to see SHAKE YOU DOWN falter in the stretch in the 2nd at Laurel Park yesterday. The classy stakes winner of $1.4 million was under a heavy whip while fading to 3rd in that $14,000 claiming race. He is 9-years-old now.
One of 2006's winningest horses, STRINGTOWN WONDER, was the victim of a brutal trip at Philly Park yesterday (8th race). A winner of 12 of 15 starts last year, the Wild Wonder 6yo broke slowly and was hustled pretty much the rest of the way, under pressure along the inside and he still managed to get a short lead outside of the eighth-pole. Alas, he finally wilted to 3rd ending his 8-race winning streak. A very brave soul for sure.
Canada's champion 3-year-old filly of 2006, KIMCHI, makes her 4yo debut at Aqueduct today following some sharp workout times. The filly popped a splint in September, soon after curiously being moved from the barn of her trainer Mark Casse. She is now trained by Gary Contessa.
Congrats to Jody on a great opener in 2007, looking forward to seeing him have a great woodbine meet.
Jody Hammett, one of Woodbine’s most promising trainers, has a slew of entrants for the opening card of the 88-day Gulfstream meeting.
Hammett, who has worked his way up from a trainer with a couple of horses at Fort Erie racetrack to a large stable at Woodbine, has Johnny Hollywood, Cup Fever and Draw Fire – all speed types – entered on Wednesday.
Hammett won with 22 of 127 Woodbine starters in 2006 and finished ahead of notables such as Malcolm Pierce and Danny Vella on the trainer’s list.
Other Woodbine-based runners on the card include Winning Appeal (1st race), Frank Passero trainees Luke in my Pocket and Believer’s War and Break Even, trained by last year’s Sovereign award winning conditioner, Mark Casse.
Handicappers playing Gulfstream races should note that Woodbine’s Polytrack surface was much kinder to speed types during the last three weeks of its meeting, which ended Dec. 10. That was predominantly because of the tremendous amount of kickback of the surface that made it tough for closers.
Edenwold, the 2006 Queen’s Plate winner and finalist for champion 3-year-old colt in Canada, had a near-bullet 5 furlong workout at Gulfstream on New Year’s eve morning. The Josie Carroll-trainee played hard last year and was one of the country’s brightest stars.
There was a match race in Canada on Sunday to crown the Iron Horse of harness racing. At Rideau Carlton Raceway in Ottawa, 14-year-old Conrad Seelster defeated 12-year-old Kendall Python in a one-mile harness pace by just a head. The former, now retired, had 445 starts to his credit while the latter had 395 races under his tack.
Thanks for the tip on watching Hammett in Gulfstream!! Amazingly I cashed in both races that he won. So nice to see young Canadians fairing well at Gulfstream.
Late in the night at the Sovereign Awards...I present K.K. Sengara with the champion older female Sovereign for his mare Financingavailable (and I thought I would win that award!)
We all appreciate the plunging neckline. Looks to be one false move away from a wardrobe malfunction. Next year I'm tuning in to the live feed.
Merveilleux Literie 90x200 #14 - Sommier 90x200 Cm Cadre M233tal Avec 20 Lattes Sommiers was published in October 15, 2018 at 2:20 pm. If you want to apply this photo as your desktop background, you can click the download link at the bottom or you may just right click on the image at the top and choose "Save Image As" to save the Merveilleux Literie 90x200 #14 - Sommier 90x200 Cm Cadre M233tal Avec 20 Lattes Sommiers or by select the "Set Desktop Background As" options if your internet browser has that option. If you could not get the the most beautiful photo you are expecting for, you should go for "Search Column" at top right or browse some other picture wallpapers whatever you love. This photo has the picture size is 55kB and the resolution of 778x778. Merveilleux Literie 90x200 #14 - Sommier 90x200 Cm Cadre M233tal Avec 20 Lattes Sommiers has been viewed by 4 visitors and it is a picture from Literie 90x200.
Can you believe this BMW 3 Series has all this room and still gets MPG? It`s crazy! Dogs and cats, living together, mass hysteria! Find out why our dealerships have won DealerRater.com DEALER OF THE YEAR a whopping 10 TIMES! Call, email, or live chat with one of our friendly sales professionals now to schedule your test drive!
07 Aug 2009 When it comes to Google Wave, it can be tough to find truly new perspectives on how it works and its potential usage and adoption. I just finished reading a great post by Anil Dash called What Works: The Web Way vs. The Wave Way.
He provides a perspective and analysis of Google Wave that left me thinking rather than just feeling I read recycled thoughts on Google Wave.
There is a lot of challenges ahead of Google Wave before it achieves the "web changing" status everyone has given it.
Select Month April 2012 February 2012 January 2012 March 2011 September 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007
Ancient World - Quarter 3: Assignments, Assessments, Notes, Documents, and Vocab - Mr. Rewa's Class Website
Make your way to the top of the mountain in Frostbite 2 and collect all items as you climb. Sounds easy? The only thing you’ll be using is a grappling hook. How does that sound? Let’s add some enemies on the way up and we have ourselves a challenging and very entertaining action game. Wanna show off? Then use your grappling hook to get all the letters from the Bonus word and get extra points.
You are now playing Frost bite 2, one of many high quality Arcade Games shared on KBH Games for you to play for free. Play Frost bite 2 online right on your desktop web browser. We have total of 15903 Free Online Games indexed on our website for you to enjoy. This game is part of our Action Games, Arcade Games, and Platform Games category. It has been liked by 5 peoples. There are Fun Games for the entire family to enjoy. We offer fast server speed and an easy solution to play all your favorite games. Explore the website and see what great games you'll discover today. We hope that any of these games can brighten your day just a little bit.
Kansas City schools joined the state project in a collection for the Santa Fe Trail. Miss Gray, the music supervisor, planned a program to be given by the schools on Washington's Birthday. On January 14, the board listed the names of doctors who had been appointed to inspect schools to see what could be done about contagious diseases. In some schools telephones were being installed.
On July 19, the papers announced that Huron Place, referring to the cemetery, was to be sold. Four acres were involved, but the plot had been laid out before Minnesota Avenue was cut through, and thirty-five feet extended into that street. One editor warned the city to negotiate with the Secretary of the Interior about that particular segment, and said that before speculators got hold of it, the city should buy it. Ex-mayor W. W. Rose proposed that the city buy the ground. Many citizens opposed the suggestion because of the money involved. Rose, they said, would also want to be the architect for a court house and city hall to be built on the grounds.
The Medical Society obtained permission to meet in the southeast basement room of the library. The Associated Clubs, in February, asked that gas be connected to the grate in the art room. By June, 1906, the book section needed additional room and the Association was asked to give up its meeting room. In September when these Associated Clubs protested against having to leave the Art Room, the board arranged for limited use of the room for them.
The board consented reluctantly to a request made in September by the Wyandotte Chautauqua Carnival to use the library grounds, and ordered that the grounds be restored when the carnival was over. In addition to the paintings in the Art Room, the library had a statute of Paulina Bonaparte, donated by W. J. Buchan.
The Supreme Court decision in February, 1906, cleared the way for the erection of a new high school for colored. A site was purchased at the corner of Ninth and Washington. A large frame house used as a home for orphans was moved to the opposite corner and later owned and occupied by Dr. A. Porter Davis.
While the school was being erected, Superintendent M. E. Pearson, J. E. Patterson, principal, G. F. Porter, and G. B. Buster pondered over a name. "Lincoln," "Washington," and "Sumner" were suggested. Because Charles S. Sumner was a scholar and had become an anti-slavery leader in the Senate in pre-Civil War days, his name was chosen.
An eight-room building with an auditorium was completed by September, 1906. J. W. Taylor erected it at a cost of $24,000. The remainder of the bond issue of $40,000, approved in June was used for equipment. Some of the first teachers, besides J. E. Patterson, principal, were George F. Porter, G. B. Buster, and Mrs. Florence Crew.
The board worked in September, 1906, with the Board of Education at Topeka to propose legislation for permission to raise the levy to twenty mills, because both cities had first class power. Before the end of the year, knowing two new school and a high school addition would be needed, the board asked for a bond election for $200,000. Mayor Gray promised to call the election in February, 1907. "Refunding Bonds of 1906" were issued for the outstanding indebtedness.
Secret societies flourished in the high school. The board in the spring of 1906 ordered all privileges of the school withheld from students who joined such organizations. The rule applied only to new members, not the present membership. For the school year of 1906-1907, a Department of Domestic Science was established for the high school, and Ora Yemmywine elected teacher. The superintendent recommended also that a commercial department be started at the high school, to which the board agreed. The grading system of "1" to "5" was adopted in the high school in February, 1906. Mr. Pearson said such scores as 94 1/2 and 98 1/2 were inaccurate and led to quarreling among neighborhood mothers.
W. W. Rose was employed as architect for 1906. In June each member of the board named one census enumerator. The prison sentence of Frank M. Campbell, board member, accused of bribery, had been confirmed by the Supreme Court. He had spent some time in jail and many people thought him less guilty than some others who had gone unpunished. Several hundred citizens, in addition to board members, signed a petition in July for a pardon for him. The sentence was commuted in September to 90 days in jail and he was set free. Most of the sentence had already been served.
The board ruled in September, 1906, that at the expiration of contracts under which married were teaching in 1906-1907, the rule against their teaching would be rigidly enforced. After two truant officers had been elected, the election was declared null and void and Waddy Thompson was elected. The decoration committee of the board bought rugs and other furnishings for the board offices before school opened in September.
Edward F. Taylor from the Third Ward resigned on August 30. For a number of years he had looked after the business of the Dodd Mead Book Company. Teachers complained that he used his power as a board member to get subscriptions for Dodd Mead publications. Although he had been elected in 1904 for three years, he left to go to Seattle as office manager for the publishing firm.
C. Langford was given instructions in January, 1906, on how to operate the various H and V heating systems of the city. A Professor Foster, whose historical maps were used in the schools, received approval on his charts. The board was willing to give a trial to a representative of a firm selling views and lantern slides. He gave stereopticon entertainments in schools that were interested in buying a stereopticon. [Annotation: stereopticon - a projector for transparent slides often made double so as to produce dissolving views.]
The Turner Traveling Art Exhibit set up a picture display in March, 1906, for ten cents admission, part of the money to be used for buying pictures for the schoolrooms. At the close of school the high school would house the exhibit. The board approved a Dog and Pony Show that was given in April for the benefit of the Children's Home. It also made a rule that only the teachers who went to the state association meetings could dismiss classes.
The gas pipes, previously needed for footlights at the high school, were removed in May when electric lights were installed. Insurance rates were high with the old pipes still there. A new office record was installed, and the superintendent was asked to render an expense account for carfare each month. One unfortunate teacher was elected in May with the understanding that she was to resign.
Clarence J. Smith was named as supervisor of manual training, but resigned before the term begin. Teachers were elected for manual training centers in the grade schools. One hundred hears after Zebulon Pike had raised the flag of the United States over the Pawnee Indian village, the schools observed the anniversary. On he afternoon of September 26, every teacher spent an hour telling her pupils of "Pike and the Flag."
"Miss Relgen to be transferred to Hawthorne School and to be given to understand that she is to teach school there without trouble or teach somewhere ese next year."
Names of the 28 teachers who attended KSTA were placed on file. In December the Board found out that contractor Taylor was not completing Sumner according to specifications. With 871 added to the enrollment. schools needed more room and equipment.
During the period around Deepawali the new yield would have started growing up. Symbolically part of the paddy buds (Battada TeneKadaru – ಬತ್ತದ ತೆನೆಕದರು) of new yield is cut, brought in a Planquin / Pallakki (ಪಲ್ಲಕ್ಕಿ) and offered to the God during this period before the yeild being used for other purposes. This ritual called as “Battada TeneKadaru Taruvudu – ಬತ್ತದ ತೆನೆಕದರು ತರುವುದು’ was performed at Sri Kshetra Hombuja / Humcha on 10th November 2018.
Hombuja, 8th November 2018: On the occasion of the Deepawali – 2018 the Govu (Cow) pooja was held at Sri Kshetra Hombuja under the guidance of His His Holiness SwastiSri Dr. Deevendrakeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Hombuja Jain Math. The Cows that are being looked after at the ‘Goshala’ in Humcha were offered pooja in front of the Jain Math at Hombuja by Jain Shravika.
Hombuja, 7th November 2018: Lord Mahavir Moksha Kalyana Pooja – Deepawali was held at Sri Kshetra Hombuja under the guidance of His His Holiness SwastiSri Dr. Deevendrakeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Hombuja Jain Math. The Nirvan Ladu (Laddu) prepared for offering to Lord Mahavir was taken round the Parshwanath temple in a processing and then offered to the Idol in front Parshwanath temple. This was followed by Panchamrutha Abhisheka to the marble idol of Lord Mahavir. Later on Mahamangala Arathi was performed.
Dasara – Navarathri 2018 – Day 08 Pooja – 17th October 2018. Goddess Padmavati being decorated with Corn.
Dasara – Navarathri 2018 – Day 07 Pooja – 16th October 2018. Goddess Padmavati being decorated with Fruits.
Dasara – Navarathri 2018 – Day 06 Pooja – 15th October 2018. Goddess Padmavati being decorated with Bangles.
Dasara – Navarathri 2018 – Day 05 Pooja – 14th October 2018. Goddess Padmavati being decorated with Peacock feathers.
Hombuja, 9th October 2018: Sri Kshetra Hombuja is all ready for the Navarathri Celebrations 2018. Ari Parshwanath Swamy Basadi and Goddess Padmavati Basadi have been decorated with flowers and colourful lights. -Sri Kshetra Hombuja
Hombuja 8th October 2018: Navarathri & Vijayadashami Pooja will be held at Sri Kshetra Hombuja from 10th to 19th October 2018. The pooja will be held under the holy presence of His Holiness SwastiSri Dr. Deevendrakeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Humcha (Hombuja) Jain Math.
Friday 19th October 2018 – Vijayadashami pooja & utsava, Sri Mahadevi Pallakki utsava, Simhasanarohana of His Holiness SwastiSri Devendrakerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji, Pada pooja of His Holiness Swamiji
Shravanabelagola, 27th September 2018: Jain Muni Acharya 108 Sri Vardhamansagarji Maharaj and his Sangh were Invited to Humcha by His Holiness Jagadguru SwastiSri Dr. Deevendrakeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Hombuja Jain Math at Shravanabelagola. His Holiness SwastiSri Bhuvanakeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Kanakagiri Jain Math invited Acharya Sri and his Sangh to Kanakagiri. – Sri Kshetra Hombuja
Shravanabelagola (Hassan District, Karnataka), 11th September 2018: His Holiness SwastiSri Dr. Deevendrakeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Hombuja Jain Math was felicitated by His Holiness SwastiSri Charukeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Shravanabelagola Jain Math with the “Dharma Ratnakara” title in a function held at Shravanabelagola. Sri Deevendrakeerthi Swamiji was felicitated for His and Hombuja Jain Math’s involvement and cooperation during the Bahubali Swami Mahamasthakabhisheka Mahotsava 2018. His Holiness SwastiSri Bhuvanakeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Kanakagiri Jain Math was also felicitated with the “Dharma Ratnakara” title. Sri Deevendrakeerthi Swamiji felicitated his Guru His Holiness SwastiSri Charukeerthi Swamiji of Shravanabelagola. His Holiness SwastiSri Dhavalakeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Arihantagiri Jain Math, His Holiness SwastiSri Lakshmisena Bhattarakha Swamiji of Narasimharajapura Jain Math, His Holiness SwastiSri Bhattakalanka Bhattarakha Swamiji of Sonda (Swadi) Jain Math were also present on the occasion. – Hombuja Jain Math
Hombuja, 7th September 2018: 2nd Shravanamasa Pooja of Goddess Padmavati Devi was held at Sri Kshetra Hombuja under the guidance of His Holiness SwastiSri Dr.Deevendrakeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Hombuja Jain Math. Grains of various varieties were offered to Goddess Padmavati. His Holiness SwastiSri Dharmasena Bhattarakha Swamiji of Amminabhavi Jain Math had visited Hombuja and participated in the morning poojas. His Holiness SwastiSri Bhattakalanka Bhattarakha Swamiji of Sonda (Swadi) Jain Math had visited Hombuja and participated in the evening poojas. – Sri Kshetra Hombuja
Hattiangadi (Kundapura Taluk, Udupi District, Karnataka), 30th August 2018: The bhoomi pooja for the renovation of the ancient Sri Chandranath Swamy Digambar Jain temple at Hattiangadi was held under the guidance of His Holiness SwastiSri Dr. Deevendrakeerthi Bhattarakha Swamiji of Hombuja Jain Math. HattiAngadi is an Ancient Jain Heritage Centre that houses the temples of Lord Chandranath and Kshetrapal Brahma Yaksha. These temples come under the administration of the Hombuja Jain Math. The renovation of this temple is a part of His Holiness Swamiji’s mission towards renovating all the temples that come under their administration. – Sri Kshetra Hombuja
For the most part, the odds of dying young are fairly remote. The probability that people between the ages of 30 and 60 will live to age 65 ranges from about 85% to 95%, depending on gender and age.1 But have you considered that the odds of one out of any two people dying before 65 are significantly higher? For a two-owner business in which both owners are 45 years old, there's a 20% to 24% chance that one won't make it to 65.2
Your company may depend heavily on the knowledge and skills of a few key executives or employees whose disability or premature death could endanger the company's future. In fact, the risk is real enough that you may want to consider a key-person insurance policy.
Key-person life insurance can help offset the financial consequences resulting from the death of someone upon whom the company relies for success. If the insured dies, the policy pays a death benefit, up to the policy limit, that could help the company bridge any financial gaps created by the loss while the survivors decide how to proceed.
The proceeds from key-person disability insurance could help pay the disabled executive's salary in the event that the business needs to hire a temporary replacement, or help defray other costs associated with lost productivity.
A key-person insurance policy is typically purchased by, owned by, and payable to the business, and the premiums are usually not tax deductible. In some cases, a lender may require a business to take out key-person insurance before a business loan can be obtained.
The cost and availability of life insurance depend on factors such as age, health, and the type and amount of insurance purchased. Before implementing a strategy involving life insurance, it would be prudent to make sure that the key employee is insurable.
Equipment can easily be repaired or replaced, but the same cannot be said of people. Protecting your company against the unexpected absence of key players could help keep the doors open if tragedy should strike.
An asc McLaren forum for ALL Mustang and Capri based cars modified by Automotive Speciality Corporation, a Division of American Sunroof Corporation.
Hi all, my father in law owns one of those asc maLarens. He picked one, that's being restored in a shop for us (he knows the owner there). Anyways, we need a new water pump for it and guys say that we need a pump that is 700 bucks, man. Now, on e-bay I found the pump slightly over $50. So can someone please tell me if there is any technical difference? I see the different colors and stuff. Yet will the cheaper one work okay on the vehicle?
Any help is appreciated, folks, as I am not that knowledgeble on those ASCs, that's why came to ask you folks help me please. You know, I feel it may be a ripoff...
Get the cheep one, never heard of having to have an electric water pump. I changed the one on the 85 DGPC I had and I got it at auto zone. I saved the original in case someone wanted to rebuild it but it was not electric, looked just like the one I took off. Doesn't sound like knowing the owner is helping out any.
If it didn't come from the factory with an electric pump why would you want one now and they don't just bolt in either. Other parts have to be shimmed.
unless its a F1 Mclaren I would consider pulling the car from that body shop. 302 water pumps are a dime a dozen. I would hate to see his paint bill.
Had a new water pump put on my 85 ASC vert a few months ago. Definitely not electric. Pump was about 150 and I bought all new bolts from CJ Pony Parts. Bad news was one bolt was so corroded that they had to pull everything, cut it, drill it out, etc. Labor was costly but given the troubles, I doubt I could have done it myself. Not your typical water pump replacement that I have done on other cars.
The PHP development team announces the immediate availability of PHP 5.5.25. Several bugs have been fixed. All PHP 5.5 users are encouraged to upgrade to this version.
For source downloads of PHP 5.5.25 please visit our downloads page, Windows binaries can be found on windows.php.net/download/. The list of changes is recorded in the ChangeLog.
The products Edgeley CCTV prefer & recommend, come with good manufactures support, some, with up to a 3 year replacement warranty, and a high level of tech support cover.
If you live in Edgeley or an Area we cover, I’ll be happy to survey your property, and make recommendations on how to improve your security.
We feel the ultimate security measure is CCTV, and our advice is choose HD CCTV, the images are 4 times sharper than analogue, and the cameras have loads of software.
A simple 3 or 4 camera system with a good DVR, does not cost the earth, in fact, we actually feel they offer terrific value for money, because the benefits are huge.
Its not just the product that sets Edgeley CCTV apart from the rest, its our attention to detail on install, we do our utmost to conceal all our wiring, as this not only looks better, But, its more secure. (See picture below)
At Edgeley CCTV, what we are really interested in, is you and your needs, so call for a chat about how we can improve the security in your home or business.
By subscribing to our mailing list you give us permission to email you about the work of JPR and the research we conduct. Your details are never shared.
Jonathan holds a doctorate in education from the University of Nottingham, and a BA and MA in Jewish history from University College London. His expertise is in contemporary Jewry, education and antisemitism.
David holds a DPhil from the University of Oxford. A geographer by training & expert in the study of Jews in Britain, Europe & Australia, his skills encompass demography, cartography, statistics & survey methods.
Daniel holds a PhD in Social Statistics from the University of Southampton, UK. A skilled statistician, his research expertise spans the disciplines of demography, applied statistics and economics.
Donatella holds a DPhil from the University of Pisa. Her expertise encompasses public policy analysis and implementation, public administration & management, local governance and programme evaluation.
Richard is a frequent lecturer on Jewish history and the Holocaust and an experienced tour guide to places of Jewish interest in Europe. His book on the History of Jews in England was published in May 2013.
Judith’s academic background is in foreign languages, and her professional expertise is in publishing, editing, public relations, fundraising and event management.
Keith holds a PhD from Goldsmiths College, London. He has conducted research on many aspects of the British Jewish community, and is the editor of the Jewish Journal of Sociology.
Adjunct faculty member at the Melton Center for Jewish Education, Hebrew University, with expertise in contemporary Jewry, educational policy and Israel education.
Emeritus Professor of Sociology, Tel Aviv University, with expertise in the Belgian Jewish community.
Associate Professor, Center for Research on Prejudice, Faculty of Psychology, University of Warsaw, with expertise in the Polish Jewish community.
Director of Research, National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS), University of Toulouse with expertise in the French Jewish community.
Research Professor of Jewish Social Policy at Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, with expertise in contemporary American Jewry.
The Shlomo Argov Chair in Israel-Diaspora Relations (Emeritus) at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, with expertise in global Jewish demography and the Italian Jewish community.
Senior Professor of Social Psychology at Roskilde University in Denmark, with expertise in the Swedish, and wider Scandinavian Jewish communities.
Director, Counterpoint, Fellow at the Department of Government at LSE, with expertise in extremism, populism, civil engagement and social innovation.
Director of the Pears Institute for the Study of Antisemitism at Birkbeck, University of London, with expertise in antisemitism, racism and immigration in the UK.
Director of Communications at the Community Security Trust, UK, with expertise in contemporary antisemitism.
Head of Research Group, Institute for Advanced Studies, Vienna, with expertise in the contemporary Austrian Jewish community.
Professor of Jewish Studies, Central European University, Budapest, with expertise in minority identities, prejudice, antisemitism, and sociology of the contemporary Hungarian Jewish community.
Senior Research Associate, Division of Jewish Demography and Statistics, Avraham Harman Institute at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, with expertise in the demography of the FSU.
Emeritus Professor of Geography at Haifa University, with expertise in cultural and political geography and the UK Jewish community.
Research Fellow, The Vidal Sassoon International Center for the Study of Antisemitism (SICSA), Hebrew University of Jerusalem, with expertise in the contemporary Spanish Jewish community.
Director of Government and International Affairs at the Community Security Trust, UK, with expertise in antisemitism and political and religious extremism.
Senior Researcher, Netherlands Interdisciplinary Demographic Institute (NIDI), The Hague, with expertise in households and families, the elderly, and the contemporary Dutch Jewish community.
Above photo is In Photos The 10 New Cars With The Best Resale Value The Globe posted by Jribas-digital.com on 12/11/18. If you want to save to a personal computer, you can download this image in full size. Please click "Download picture in full size" at the end of the article, then, your device automatically saves these images into a directory on your disk space. If you want to download more images from our collection, please click on the image below and do the same steps, the full size download.
Change the picture in the color display with In Photos The 10 New Cars With The Best Resale Value The Globe is the right thing to get rid of your Kelley Blue Book Trucks Chevy on desktop computers, pc, computer, laptop, you use every day to work or just plain, perform daily activities. An image has an aura, which penetrates the feeling of someone, for example images, sees that motivation by you evoke the image then the image that there was joy, and even images, feelings of sadness to create.
Could a safe cracking robot become a thief’s best friend? Robots are playing a wider part in our lives than, say 40 years ago. In 2017, we are closer to the world of robots depicted in sci-fi cartoons and sci-fi in live action form. They can clean our house, thanks …
JR Security Devices, Old First Active House, Main Street, Tallaght Village, Dublin 24, Phone: (01) 661 1489
OAKLAND, Calif. -- Two veteran coaches had a similar message for their teams on the eve of Game 4 of the Western Conference finals between the Houston Rockets and Golden State Warriors on Tuesday night.
"It starts 0-0," Warriors coach Steve Kerr said of Game 4. "It doesn't matter if we won (the previous game) by one or 41."
In fact, the Warriors did win Game 3 on Sunday by 41 points, 126-85, to take a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven.
The margin of victory not only was the largest in Warriors postseason history, but the margin of defeat also was the biggest ever for a team that won 65 or more games in the regular season.
Stephen Curry, who had missed 17 of his 20 3-point attempts in the first 10 quarters of the series, sent the Warriors' home crowd into a frenzy by making 4 of 5 in the second half Sunday en route to 35 points.
"I don't remember what I had for breakfast, but I remember what Danny Ainge said 30 years ago," Kerr warned. "They won a playoff game by 40, and he said, 'This is not the Tour de France. You don't start with a big lead because it's not based on time or how much you won by.'
"It's the NBA, so it's 2-1 (in the series). So doesn't matter what happened (Sunday). We have to be ready for a great team that's going to come out like they did in Game 2, attacking, hair on fire and taking the force to us, and we have to be ready for that."
The Rockets' margin of defeat Sunday was almost identical to the number of fewer points scored by Eric Gordon, P.J. Tucker and Trevor Ariza in Game 3 than in Game 2.
Key members of the James Harden/Chris Paul supporting cast -- Gordon, Tucker and Ariza -- combined for 23-of-33 shooting and contributed 68 points to a 127-105 series-evening home win in Game 2.
"We didn't bring our best game," he observed. "But I'm hoping for the best (in Game 4). I hope we play great and them bad. Never know."
The loss was the Rockets' fourth of the postseason. They rebounded with wins after each of the first three, romping by an average of 20.7 points.
This time, they'll be up against a Warriors team that has won an NBA-record 16 straight playoff games at home.
D'Antoni went as far as to say the pressure is on the Warriors, who would hand the home-court advantage back to Houston with a loss in Game 4.
"I hope so," Kerr reacted to his rival's statement. "We're much better when the pressure's on. He's right. We're at home, so if they win, they have home-court advantage. So, yeah, pressure's on us. It's kind of on them, too."
This site is provided by the Mason Soccer Boosters in support of the soccer program at Wm. Mason High School in Mason, Ohio.
The Mason Soccer Boosters is a non-profit organization (501 (c) (3)) of parents and fans who volunteer their time for the benefit of the Mason High School soccer program.
The Boosters have several fundraisers during the year. The money is used to purchase equipment and/or specialized training for the soccer program. In the past, items such as soccer bags, warm-ups, rebounders, pinnies, futsal balls and practice goals have been purchased by the Boosters. In addition, the funds provide scholarships to college-bound Mason students whose parents participate in booster fund-raising activities. The boosters also provide game write-ups for local newspapers and assist coaches with team statistics.
The Boosters reach out to the local soccer community with youth soccer nights and opportunities for area teams to serve as ball girls/boys for varsity matches.
There are many different volunteer opportunities for soccer players and parents. Please pitch in and help. Your participation is both strongly encouraged and greatly appreciated.
Meetings are generally scheduled on the third Wednesday of the month, at 7:00 pm at James Third Base.
Booster meetings do not occur during the summer months as they are replaced with the Pre-Season Classic tournament meetings.
Over-sized building lot on cul-de-sac near front gate and community center amenities! Great location in this gated golf and lake community. Septic permit in documents dated 4/5/2007. Close proximity to pool, tennis courts, playground, basketball court!
In 1968, Cuba celebrated the centenary of the Ten Years’ War (1868-1878), the first armed conflict for the island’s independence. During the commemorations, Cuban authorities officially established that the independence wars and the Cuban Revolution constituted different stages of the same fight for liberation. In that context, the Cuban Institute of Cinematographic Art and Industry (ICAIC, Instituto Cubano del Arte e Industria Cinematográficos) produced a series of films about the independence. All these productions acquired the form of “foundational narratives” where links between the past and the present were established through parallels among the main leaders and warlike ‘milestones’ of the independence and the revolution. In this article, I will address this series through a comparative analysis of two understudied feature films: La odisea del general José, Jorge Fraga (1968), and Páginas del diario de José Martí, José Massip (1971). Based on the differences between the structure of the story and the mise en scene, I maintain that both films negotiate with the official ideological project in opposing manners. On the other hand, their ways of understanding the historical time and the relationships between cinema and history are also headed in opposite directions.
Passwords are always in the news. In Some Black Swans of IT Security I described the password predicament as 40 years of compounded reliance on an unscalable 1-factor authentication technology without a plausible migration strategy. The graphic to the left (thanks to Graham Cluley) is a rendering of the 200 odd passwords that have been used by the Conficker worm as a successful vector of propagation. The overwhelming simplicity of the list once again highlights our resistance to selecting strong passwords. In this post I will touch on some other notable password developments of late.
The US college student, David Kernell, who allegedly hacked the email account of Sarah Palin, has pleaded not guilty to new additional felony charges. If he is found guilty on all counts, he could face up to 20 years in prison and a fine of up to US $250,000. Kernell reset the password of Palin's email account by successfully supplying the answers to three relatively simple questions that could be accurately guessed based on public information. An article from Help Net Security, on the Palin incident from September last year, stated that 21 million passwords are stolen each year, and almost half of these thefts are perpetrated by someone who is relatively close to the victim (friends, neighbours, colleagues, or relatives). No relation between Kernell and Palin in this case.
In a similar incident, hackers broke into the web email account of UK Justice Secretary Jack Straw, and then sent out several hundred fraudulent emails under his name. It is suspected that Straw's password for his email account was easy to either guess or reset. The incident was somewhat embarrassing for Straw since he was responsible for setting up the National Hi-Tech Crime Unit to crack down on hackers when he was Home Secretary in 2001.
Earlier this year a hacker used a dictionary attack on an account of an employee at Twitter to gain access to the micro-blogging service and impersonate celebrities such as Britney Spears, Barack Obama and others. In this case the recovered password was happiness. Check out the Twitter Hack video on Youtube.
The Wikileaks team announced that they cracked the encryption to a key US document relating to the war in Afghanistan. The document, entitled NATO in Afghanistan: Master Narrative, details the official storyline (spin) to be given by NATO representatives to journalists. As it turned out the document was protected by PDF encryption and the key was derived from the password progress. Hardly worth encrypting you might say.
On Feb 7th Go Hacking posted on how to recover various Windows desktop passwords using software loaded onto a USB stick. By recover here the author means reveal more than crack - expose application passwords that are cached somewhere on Windows. You can use a USB stick so-loaded to recover passwords from you friends or colleagues (or co-workers while they are at lunch as well). The suggested software suite includes tools to recover passwords from instant messaging applications, email clients and browsers (specific tools for both IE and Firefox). You also get tips on how you write two short scripts to start the tools once the USB device is inserted into the victim Windows box.
On to real cracking. In January ElcomSoft announced the availability of their Wireless Security Auditor tool that can be used to assess the strength of wireless passwords. Of course the tool does this by trying to actually crack the password. The novel aspect of the approach is to use Graphic Processing Units (GPUs) for the cracking computations, which can be optimised to search must faster than standard CPUs. The table indicates that GPU-accelerated cracking can be over 16 times faster that Intel-based CPU cracking.
Several recent surveys indicate that people are relying on fewer passwords to protect resources, thus increasing their importance to hackers. The Guardian reports on a survey which found that 61% of people use the same password whenever they can. This is not a good sign unless that password is very difficult to break. And well that seems unlikely in Britain according to another survey which found that 83% of British population use either their date of birth, pet name, street name or maiden name as their password or security question for most of their private email and bank accounts. The article goes on to point out that it is exactly this type of information that is finding its way onto social networks, and is therefore less of a secret than people might think. As evidence of growing password fatigue, the Guardian also reported that 10% of people have 50 or more online accounts.
So the message is that people are selecting fewer distinct passwords because they have so many to remember. Another online survey conducted by Sophos revealed that one third of respondents use the same password at all their Internet sites (a somewhat lower figure than what the Guardian reported, but still pointing to the same problem)
So the value of user passwords at a given site increases if there is a reasonable chance the passwords are valid credentials for other sites as well. Maybe this was part of the motive behind a recent attack on the well-known job site Monster where its user database was compromised leading to the release of user IDs and passwords, email addresses, names, phone numbers, and some basic demographic data.
The compromise of the phpBB forum software site was even more revealing, because the attacker not only stole passwords but published them as well. There is a nice analysis by Robert Graham which shows that that the majority of passwords were
Interestingly, there were no length requirements on phpBB passwords, and over 60% of the exposed passwords were 6 characters or less. Lastly, check out Graham Cluley's video (scroll down) on how to choose a strong password if you needs some tips on how to get past the 6-character barrier.
Semi V necked dress in crease-free crepe elastane, side pockets and triangular slits on sleeve ends. Style with a thin belt or our thin scarf for variation. Throw our ELENA blazer or MARIA cardigan over the shoulders and you’re set for work.
In my farm delivery, I received fresh green beans two weeks in a row! I also received some really nice-looking cremini mushrooms. Keith doesn't love green beans, so I knew I wanted to use them for our Thanksgiving meal (since I love them and my parents like them, too). I decided to concoct a side dish with the green beans and mushrooms, and the results were delicious!
I like to keep the crispness to my veggies, but if you like your green beans really cooked, you can boil them for 8 - 10 minutes before sauteing. Simple and delicious!
Recipes are property of Gina Fleck, unless linked out to. Please link back here if you use one. Powered by Blogger.
Melt chocolate and butter in a large metal bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water (or in a microwave-safe large glass or ceramic bowl in a microwave at 50 percent power for 4 to 5 minutes), stirring frequently, then cool completely. Whisk in vanilla, salt, and 6 tablespoons sugar. Add yolks 1 at a time, whisking well after each addition. Whisk in flour.
Beat whites with a pinch of salt in a bowl using an electric mixer at medium-high speed until they hold soft peaks, then add remaining 6 tablespoons sugar a little at a time, beating, and continue to beat until whites hold stiff glossy peaks.
Whisk about one fourth of whites into chocolate mixture to lighten, then fold in remaining whites gently but thoroughly. Pour batter into springform pan, spreading evenly.
Bake until a wooden pick or skewer inserted in center comes out with moist crumbs adhering, 35 to 40 minutes.
Cool cake in pan on a rack 10 minutes. Remove side of pan and cool cake completely. Invert cake onto rack and remove bottom of pan, discarding paper, then invert cake onto a plate.
Fleet Feet Asheville presents Run then Wine Join us at Asheville Wine Market on Tuesday, September 25th at 6 pm, where we will do just that--…
Florida-Spectrum Environmental Services, Inc. operates five certified laboratories housing over 30,000 square feet of laboratories and offices designed for continued growth and expansion of analytical services. They span the Florida boundaries from north to south. This geographical arrangement gives us the unique ability to collect short holds, urgent and emergency samples from anywhere in the area and be within a short transport distance of the lab facilities. Thus, Florida-Spectrum Environmental Services, Inc. is uniquely capable of processing these types of samples in a timely manner. Our certified labs are located in Ft. Lauderdale, FL, Ft. Meade, FL, Lakeland,FL Okeechobee, FL and Savannah, GA. Click on a picture below to enlarge.
A fine art studio representing the works of KASHLEY an acrylics artist known for creating stellar realistic Limited Edition Cocktail Series paintings that are both striking in detail and having a unique ability to set the mood.
Welcome to my studio, an exploration of taking pleasure in a fine cocktail. I love painting scenes richly capturing the moments of enjoying a favorite spirit. Thanks for visiting and I hope you enjoy my work as much as I have in creating it.
Growing up in one of the world’s most populated place, then coming to Australia and experience the life of first world country, has given me an unique perspective towards life. While spending my time alone, captivating the then foreign lifestyle, I had time to focus on myself and my surroundings. Often time I wanted to capture moments; wanted to grace the moment; wanted to reflect the moments later.
Whether it’s the divine sunset overlooking Skyhigh Mt. Dandenong or the bustling Flinders Street railway station, the best way to cherish these moments is from behind the camera. Cause behind the camera the world is the stage where I orchestra my world.
“Envato is an Australia-based, privately held company that specializes in the start-up, promotion and operation of multiple online marketplaces”
“After co-founding the company in 2006 the group launched FlashDen, the first digital marketplace which focused on rich multimedia web content”
“The Envato network is broken down into Tuts+ tutorial sites which offer technology-related tutorials and marketplaces to sell digital products. Envato's network currently generates over a million dollars in annual revenue”
An EA representative has told Kotaku that the developers are “aware of the issue and investigating a fix for” a glitch preventing…
Nothing to see here. Paul and I are streaming through new levels in Hitman 2 right now on Twitch. Come join chat to watch…
mobile crusher supplier india mobile crushers crushers manufacturers, mobile crushers directory of mobile crushers manufacturers,mobile cru
mobile crusher made in india india .. heared "i would like to acquire used stone crusher made in india mobile crusher plant for copper ore made in india.
mobile crusher made in india. ok. galena energy saving 2015 alibaba india new machine jaw crusher price high quality jaw mobile crusher price india with large
mobile crusher for sale in india on the processing of mineral processing programs to promote the use in many places the screens are large sieves made of grate bars.
china mobile crusher, mobile crusher made in china select 2018 high quality mobile crusher products in best price from on made in china mobile cone crusher stone jaw crusher mobile rock crusher.
mobile stone crushers made in india. mobile stone crushers made in indiamobile crushers and screens for iron ore track mounted mobile crusher in malta track mounted mobile crusher sale crushing
mobile made in germany mobile crusher manufacturermobile made in germany. mobile stone crushers made in germany. acceptance of mobile crushers in india.
mobile stone crusher made in india get price and support. simply complete the form below, click submit, you will get the price list and a sbm representative will
mobile stone crusher made in indiatrendyinteriors.in. mobile stone crushers made in india stone crusher plant in india, machine price for sale.
mobile stone crushers made in india .grinding mill, sand making machine, mobile crushing plant, stone production line equipment and so on .
used mobile stone crusher for sale in india. heared "i would like to acquire used stone crusher made in india we offer mobile rock crusher,mobile coal crusher
mobile coal crusher supplier in angola. used coal cone crusher suppliers angola. mobile gold ore cone crusher for sale angola icriorgin mobile iron ore cone crusher, crushers manufacturers in india,
china mobile crusher manufacturers 2018 high quality mobile crusher products in best price from certified chinese crushing machine manufacturers, mining crusher suppliers, wholesalers and factory on made in china.com
sgs,ce,iso,main export to australia crushe mobile crusher plant in india; ce certificate china stone crusher plant, iso, ce, stone crusher cone crusher price,stone crusher cone stone crusher price india stone 2000 quality price small stone crushing with ce iso cone crusher. exporting stone crusher,mobile crusher and russian manufacturer mobile
mobile crusher made in tracked mobile impact crusher hot sale in guyana georgetown. sbe stone crushers india small ball mill small portable stone crushers
india made mobile crusher. crushing machine made in india rock crusher. jaw stone crusher made in saudi manufacturer in india coal saudi gold crusher
We can provide you the complete stone crushing and beneficiation plant.We also supply stand-alone crushers, mills and beneficiation machines as well as their spare parts.
「グラマラス(Glamorous)」と「キャンピング(Camping)」を掛け合わせた造語で、ホテル並みの設備やサービスを利用しながら、自然の中で快適に過ごすキャンプのこと。従来型のキャンプとは一線を...
I've been writing for as long as I can remember. Even as a kid I used to sit for hours in front of my old IBM Selectric typewriter and tap away. I'm also an avid reader and a fan of everyone from J.K. Rowling to Christine Feehan to George R.R. Martin. I like my stories to have lots of romance with a side of naughty. I love hinting at real history and creating strong women who know how to hold their own. I enjoy escaping and think you probably do too if you're here.
Please read these Terms of Service completely using LSRealEstate.net which is owned and operated by LS Real Estate, Inc. This Agreement documents the legally binding terms and conditions attached to the use of the Site at LSRealEstate.net.
By using or accessing the Site in any way, viewing or browsing the Site, or adding your own content to the Site, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Service.
The Site and all of its original content are the sole property of LS Real Estate, Inc. and are, as such, fully protected by the appropriate international copyright and other intellectual property rights laws.
LS Real Estate, Inc. reserves the right to terminate your access to the Site, without any advance notice.
Our Site does contain a number of links to other websites and online resources that are not owned or controlled by LS Real Estate, Inc. LS Real Estate, Inc. has no control over, and therefore cannot assume responsibility for, the content or general practices of any of these third-party sites and/or services. Therefore, we strongly advise you to read the entire terms and conditions and privacy policy of any site that you visit as a result of following a link that is posted on our site.
LS Real Estate, Inc. reserves the right to modify these Terms of Service at any time. We do so by posting and drawing attention to the updated terms on the Site for 30 days. Your decision to continue to visit and make use of the Site after such changes have been made constitutes your formal acceptance of the new Terms of Service. Therefore, we ask that you check and review this Agreement for such changes on an occasional basis. Should you not agree to any provision of this Agreement or any changes we make to this Agreement, we ask and advise that you do not use or continue to access the LS Real Estate, Inc. site.
LS Real Estate, Inc. respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects you to do the same. Per the DMCA, LS Real Estate, Inc. will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement on the Site if submitted to LS REAL ESTATE, INC. Copyright Agent as described below. Upon receipt of a notice alleging copyright infringement, LS Real Estate, Inc. will take whatever action it deems appropriate within its sole discretion, including removal of the allegedly infringing materials.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been violated by LS Real Estate, Inc. or by a third party who has uploaded materials to the Site, please provide the following information to LS REAL ESTATE, INC.’s designated Copyright Agent listed below:
a. A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
c. An address, telephone number, and e-mail address where LS REAL ESTATE, INC. can contact you and, if different, an e-mail address where the alleged infringing party, if not LS REAL ESTATE, INC., can contact you;
d. A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the use is not authorized by the copyright owner or other intellectual property rights owner, by its agent, or by law;
e. A statement by you under penalty of perjury that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or are authorized to act on the owner's behalf;
LS REAL ESTATE, INC. may request additional information before removing any allegedly infringing material. In the event LS REAL ESTATE, INC. removes the allegedly infringing materials, LS REAL ESTATE, INC. will immediately notify the person responsible for posting such materials that LS REAL ESTATE, INC. removed or disabled access to the materials. LS REAL ESTATE, INC. may also provide the responsible person with your e-mail address so that the person may respond to your allegations.
LS REAL ESTATE, INC. reserves the right to terminate, limit or suspend any user's access to the Site in the event of repeated infringing activity. If you believe that a user of this Site is a repeat infringer, please follow the above instructions to contact LS REAL ESTATE, INC.'s Copyright Agent. Please include sufficient information to assist LS REAL ESTATE, INC. in determining that the user repeatedly engaged in infringing activity.
LS REAL ESTATE, INC. registered a designated agent with the Copyright Office pursuant to 17 U.S.C. 512(c). LS REAL ESTATE, INC.'s designated Copyright Agent is:
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please feel free to contact us at Customer1@ANewHomeForYou.net.
All electrochemical processes rely on a premium power supply – and that is what we deliver. Using ground-breaking technology, our highly reliable rectifiers guarantee the availability and stability of your processes so you can focus on improving your business.
There are some things that make FlexKraft™ stand out from the crowd: its modular design, the minimized downtime it...
When you’re at sea – we won’t leave you stranded It’s simple. You are at sea, where there is no repair shop around...
The ControlKraft Touch ™ comes in a sealed box that is designed for industrial applications in harsh enviroments.
KraftPowercon offers innovative solutions, products and services within industrial power supply. We make your processes secure,more reliable, as efficient as possible and improves your availability.
This info comes from Ian Johnston's book "The Wild Wild World Of The Cramps" from 1990. Leo Meijer typed it all in. What I'd like to have is a good pointer to an online complete Cramps discography, including for instance also bootlegs (we do not intend to go into that detail here).
This is just a compact listing of the releases that Kid has been involved with. For a detailed discography, go to the complete Bad Seeds discography.
Recently the Pew Research Center found that 95% of teens ages 12-17 were using the Internet. But their statistics found that a significantly smaller percentage of teens were using video functions like chatting, uploading video and streaming live vide...
The Pew Center is out with a new report that focuses on Twitter usage in the U.S., and it reveals that 6% of the entire U.S. adult population uses Twitter. Young adults ages 18 to 29, minority groups — 13% black and 18% Hispanic — and urban dwellers ...
The fact that people who make more money spend more time on computers and connected devices doesn't come as a major surprise. Yet it's still impressive that a full 95% of people with an income of $75,000 or more use cellphones and the Internet, accor...
Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe.
Mashable, MashBash and Mashable House are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.
This series is supported by Rackspace, the better way to do hosting. Learn more about Rackspace's hosting solutions here. Mobile devices like the iPhone and the iPad have been a real springboard for designers and developers. Because we can now litera...
' + currentCount); //comment count on top small // $('#article__comments_count').show(); // } // else { // $("#comment_count_red_block").hide(); // $('#comment-count').hide(); // $('#article__comments_count').hide(); // } // } // else // $('#article__comments_count').removeClass('article__comments_count').hide(); // if (x[1] > 0) // $('#article__views_count').html('' + x[1]); // else // $('#article__views_count').removeClass('article__views_count').hide(); // } // } // }); // } // Hits();
Your training will be conducted under FAA Part 61. Unlike a traditional flight school, which operates under FAA Part 141, this type of training allows me to structure your training around your schedule and your individual needs. You choose how frequently you want to train. I recommend 2 to 3 sessions per week, which will ensure you finish your training in a reasonable amount of time, thus getting the best value for your money. Typical training sessions last between 2 to 3 hours. The "ground school" portion of your training is designed to be a combination of instructor guidance and self-study. This allows you to learn at your own pace and save money in the process. Of course I will be available to answer any questions that arise out of your self-study.
I am really in the mood for Amsterdam next Sunday; seeing lots of my european street team friends on etsy. We will drive to Holland on Friday. It's a pity I could not do a thing last week to make my boot nicer for the craft fair because of the arthritis in my right hand. But, nice boot or nor, I will be there !
I am from The Netherlands and lived the last 20 years in many European countries. At the moment in the most northern part of Germany. In my free time I like to make funny button and fabric creations.
About a week prior, Eric — a new expat, part-time musician, and mescal distributor — was robbed: guitar, laptop, drum kit, and so on. The landlord had tightened security around the place, but Eric was moving anyway. He’d just done it a little too slowly.
Antigua, a city of about six square blocks, is as safe as it comes in Guatemala, so it’s a bit of a shock to learn your car or bike has been stolen. Eric is an offensive lineman of a guy but genuinely friendly from behind the sunglasses he perpetually wears, lifting them to his forehead when speaking to you
“I like it here,” he tells me. “But, Guatemala…and even my Guatemalan friends…it’s like they hate me.”
I have said such things about Koreans for cutting in line, Turks for bumping me on crowded sidewalks, Palestinians for being overbearingly friendly and not letting me leave, Russians for periodically evicting me, Louisianans and Texans for being so conservative and gun-laden. At some point, I’ve said something similar about Guatemalans, too.
“It’s just stuff,” I remind him and add a story about getting robbed when I first moved to Memphis. “It happens everywhere.”
I first moved to Guatemala at the onset of rainy season (May) in 2008. Having accepted a job with little research done beyond “Guatemala sounds unusual,” I ended up living in Guatemala City for eight months. I didn’t know until busing my way down from Mexico that “Guate” is an annual inclusion in the world’s top ten most dangerous cities. According to the most recent posts of the US Embassy about the country as a whole, “between January and September 2012, an average of 95 murders per week were reported countrywide in Guatemala,” and “a number of travelers have experienced carjackings and armed robberies after just having arrived on international flights.”
Had I done my research, I may have never accepted that job. I’m now living in Guatemala for the third time.
We were lying face down in the dirt. One robber held his gun over us as the other emptied our pockets.
More or less, for those of us who lived in Guate, it wasn’t a matter of if but when. No one managed to avoid the inevitable stickup. Lawrence had a car pull beside him with an armed passenger who wanted the cell phone he was talking on. Bryant and Hergil were eating takeout in a truck parked outside a restaurant when a gun came through the window. Joe’s Guatemalan girlfriend was robbed so often on her chicken bus commute that he finally bought her a car.
I lasted eight months in the big bad city. Actually, I’d become a little smug about it. I felt as if I’d been an expat city-dweller without paying my dues. I even regularly used chicken buses (the 101 which ran from my house to the city’s main square — never after dark), which are routinely stopped by gangs demanding taxes for crossing their turf; occasionally the bus driver gets killed. Still, I’d made it out unscathed.
When I came back to Guatemala, I did so as an NGO volunteer, working in a tiny village with virtually no crime. I was a teacher at the local school, and my walk to work was always speckled with a healthy mix of “Buenos dias,” waves, and children calling “Hola, Jonathon” from trees when they should’ve been in school. It was as safe as any small town I’d ever been in.
I doubled as a receptionist at a local hotel — Earth Lodge — and had just begun guiding guests around the trails local farmers used to tend their flower (the main industry) and vegetable fields. The family I was guiding at the time of the incident consisted of a mom and dad and their four-year-old son. There was also another guest — a woman in her 30s — and my wife, Emma.
Our hike had been excruciatingly long because the little boy wasn’t up for it, and it had given the banditos time to circle around in front of us. Emma and the woman were leading the way back when a shaky call — simply “Jonathon” — came from around the corner. They both had their hands up. There were two men following them, both with dark bandanas covering the bottom half of their faces, and two ragged rifles pointing at us.
We were lying face down in the dirt. One robber held his gun over us as the other emptied our pockets. We were all (the robbers included) terribly rattled by the reaction of the little boy, who after a couple of minutes deciphered what was happening. He erupted into an endless spew of tearful wails, which had all of us wanting this thing to end as quickly as possible. And, it did.
Less than ten minutes from start to finish, the men disappeared uphill into the trees. We brushed ourselves off, a dazed look passing between everyone. “Why did they do that?” the little boy was yelling on repeat, and we moved in line with a new, hurried pace until we reached the hotel.
My charges were just another group of tourists with an unfortunate story, but Emma and I, in some sense, had been awaiting our turn for years by then.
There are the obvious questions: Why do I do this? Why return to a country that can, at times, be absolutely terrifying? Why shouldn’t we all — the expats of the world — pack up our things and move on, lick those scattered wounds in places with less probable risk of getting robbed again? What’s the point?
I first came here for a new experience. I returned because of friends I’d made and, like many others, I was volunteering, helping those without guns, who weren’t murdering or robbing, who wanted the types of lives I’d perhaps left behind in the developed world. Then, I came back a third time because it felt like home, and I missed it.
We can’t choose the places that speak to us, the lifestyles that will slide on comfortably, even if they are wrought with some kind of peril. And, if we really listen to our inner voices, we can’t choose the ones that don’t — a mortgage and a picket fence in a safe, little community around the corner from my childhood home has never appealed to me.
It doesn’t to Eric, either, who just a week prior had told me he was a “long-termer.” I certainly don’t want to be held up at gunpoint, but I won’t be deterred by it either. For months after my stickup I avoided those trails but eventually went back. I struggled, as Eric does now, with the inclination to blame the country, the culture, the people around me for what had happened.
For just about every expat, at some point, there is a moment in which it seems all has gone wrong, when once amusingly disgusting things — spitting on sidewalks, public burping, an over-abundance of stickups — drive you mad. But you persist where you are. That is the rite of passage for a life less ordinary. Not dissimilar to folks back home, tied to mortgages and career-track jobs, we must accept life as it comes and get on with it.
Sometimes we need a little help remembering that. The next time I saw Eric he was doing just fine, those signature sunglasses perched atop his head, a smile as he gave me the typical Guatemalan hombres greeting: a side five and a knuckle bump.
7 things bartenders do that piss off their non-bartender friends 33 places to swim in the world’s clearest water The 25 coolest towns in America: 2018 20 awesomely untranslatable words from around the world The 7 most fascinating wedding traditions around the world
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising. For more information on how we use cookies consult our revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
100 years since Armistice. Today we honour the bravery and courage of those that sacrificed their lives for us. @PoppyLegion #LestWeForget #RemembranceSunday pic.twitter.com/MfNWoGAMYn
My heart goes out to everyone caught in the fires please stay safe and don’t take unnecessary risks. I think I’m about to lose my house and its memories 😔even worse tragically people have died thoughts and prayers with everyone it’s been a tough day let’s hope it gets better 🙏🏼
For some reason, after thinking this painting was finished ( I even exhibited it several times!) I couldn't stop myself from going back in and freshening up this paintings. It just felt too dark and in need of some freshening up! Here are some "after" photos below!
Note: I love the Hayman’s team. After visiting their distillery and trying all their gin, they kindly sent me some samples.
If you’ve been paying attention, you’ll have read my blog post about Hayman’s London Dry gin. Well, guess what? I have more gin! Today I am trying their Old Tom gin which, as a style, is one of my favourites. You may or may not know but a Tom Collins is one of my favourite drinks. The Hayman’s version of Old Tom gin is heavy on the citrus and juniper to create a rich mouthfeel, which then has an undercurrent of sweetness that lets you know you are drinking an Old Tom rather than London Dry.
Opening my little bottle, it has the sweet, honey scent that is so identifiable with Old Tom gins backed up by the pine fresh juniper. In the glass it becomes fresher and more balanced but with a herby depth to it. Adding a splash of water and it is a tad spiced on the tongue, although this might just be as I’m drinking in the early afternoon, and again that thick honey feel is there at the back of the mouth. Mixed with some Fever Tree tonic and the sweetness is the most obvious thing, not cloying or sticky, but enough to balance the dryness of the tonic really well. The citric notes are there but lurking in the background to add a note of acidity to counteract the sweetness.
Mixed into a Tom Collins (50ml gin, juice of half a lemon plus some sugar/sugar syrup in a glass and mix, add ice and mix, top with soda water and a lemon wedge) and it is incredibly drinkable. Perhaps because I free poured the soda instead of measuring it but the gin doesn’t stand out – although in a Tom Collins that’s not really the point. Super refreshing, a hit of sourness from the lemon juice and wedge, sweetness from the gin and sugar. Perfection. Yay to afternoon drinking.
You can get yourself a 70cl bottle of 40% Old Tom gin from Gin Kiosk for £23.45 (at time of writing). I stick with my opinion from the last Hayman’s blog. Totally worth it. You get a craft gin at a mass-produced price point and the quality you get it far superior to the standard Gordon’s etc. You can find Hayman’s on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
i and me grammar worksheets vs worksheet 1 free primary classroom resources for grade 7 with answers.
hindi grammar worksheets grade 7 for class icse first unique was vs were worksheet 7th with answers pdf,grammar worksheets for grade 1 7 icse free printable english french,adverbs worksheets for grade 7 resource second adverb english grammar class icse cbse pdf practice,grammar worksheets grade second english for class 7 cbse pdf 7th free printable,grammar worksheets for grade 7 icse pdf with answers,grammar worksheets grade 7 worksheet nouns and printouts free cbse english pdf hindi for class,hindi grammar worksheets for class 7 cbse pdf english icse book oxford practice with answers free printable grade,english grammar worksheets for class 7 cbse pdf hindi icse seventh grade,hindi grammar worksheets for class 7 icse grade 3 topic homographs lets share knowledge 7th with answers pdf english,i and me grammar worksheets english for grade 7 with answers pdf.
Monitoring - The fix has been implemented and rolled out. Due to the nature of the fix we expect to see intermittent outage, to be resolved shortly.
If if you are anything like me, and LOVE LOVE LOVE to feel proud of the home you own, you will be riddled with that same burning need to re-decorate every season. Similar to clothes, when the season changes so do our styles, your home will follow the cycle. It’s all good flicking through House Beautiful magazine & craving the new Chesterfields, or Vogue & craving the new clutch bags – but when money aint-a-flowin’, neither will your decor. A usual decoration project can cost £thousands. If you’re not exactly ballin’ right now but want to sleep like a millionaire, check out my top tips below for ‘How to re-decorate a bedroom on a serious budget:
Essentially it was for my Husbands spare crap – shoe racks, a random 1990’s TV (I couldn’t actually lift it to throw it out), weights, crappy towels & extra drawers filled with pants & socks only appreciated by the moths inhabiting them. Anyway – this is the room after I sprayed it with a whole load of bargain-hunter goodness:
You can’t actually see the entire room here (I played with panoramic settings for about an hour before nearly smashing my phone against my new faux brick wall) but there is actually a gorgeous window with navy blue curtains, a TV on the wall, a chair in the corner with a throw & a gorgeous gold floor lamp to the side. I will list these items as we go on to ensure my claim is compliant & fair!
First step was to get the Husband to remove the crap. All this time & all it took was a little eye flutter & a cup of tea. Perfect. Once all the rubbish was gone, I could see what I was working with. I inspected the walls, the window sills, the skirting boards. All OK-ish but definitely in need of some TLC. Before I made any decisions on paints or colour schemes, I headed to my most peaceful & perfect place on earth…Pinterest…
My entire home is filled with blue in some shape or form & I love a good running theme in a home, so blue was a must have. Box 1 – tick! I also knew the back wall was really damaged from a cowboy builder we once employed. I didn’t have the budget to employ a new builder so, best thing to cover cracks & bumpy walls? Brick wallpaper. Why? The pattern of the brick tricks the eye to only see the pattern the bricks form, rather than flat painted wallpaper which can highlight lumps & bumps. It’s kind of similar to when you’ve gained some extra pounds & somehow, the only things that are remotely flattering are those with patterns. Anything light & plain will only show the wobbly bits you’re desperate to hide…Box 2 – ticked! I also love pink & gold with navy blue, so the colour theme was an easy choice for me.
Find your theme on Pinterest & make sure to keep the theme embedded in your mind before you make any irrational purchases!
For me, I first needed to prep the room before I could do any of the real fun stuff. I prepped the walls & skirting and then sanded them down. For further info on prepping walls prior to painting check out this video tutorial here
Get yourself a can of one-coat paint. These can be pretty pricey, but I picked up Homebase One-Coat for £12.99. Find it here. I painted the walls, skirting & window sills with the stuff – it was great! No chips, durable & perfect for wall & wood surfaces.
Next, covering the damaged wall. I knew I wanted the bed to be rested against that wall so the wall needed to be inviting. The door of the bedroom opens to the left, so naturally you look to the right, meaning my poor wall was a focal point. I found brick wallpaper in Homebase for £4 per role on sale. I bought three roles just to be safe but only used two. For more info on brick wallpaper & how to lay it, click here.
Once the wall paper was up & the walls painted, the project cost had come to £25. BONUS. Next job was to make it look pretty!
The room already had a bed & bedding but to make it a true guest bedroom, it needed bedside drawers, 2x bedside lamps, curtains & cushions.
I used the mobile bootsale app ‘shpock‘ to purchase the two drawer units which were perfect height for bedside drawers. They originally came from IKEA for £20 (find them here) but I picked them up for a bargain half price at £20 for both. I had to collect in person from the owner who lived about an hour away, so petrol included lets call that £25.
I have a personal affliction towards pine, so I had to do something with them. I reverted back to my Pinspiration & noticed the drawers were walnut & white. PLAN BATMAN.
I took out the drawers and sprayed them white matt with simple spray paint for £10. Find some similar here. 6 drawers took one can & they needed three coats each. The paint dried super quick though – just a quick tea break in between coats & jobs-a-gooden. TOP TOP: spray about 30cm away from the drawer. Any closer & you may end up with paint blobs all over the surface which you will need to sand off again, wasting time, effort, paint, and more importantly – money!
Next, I varnished the outer frame of the drawers with Wilkinson own Walnut wood varnish for £10. I only needed one can, and again, both drawers needed about three coats each. TOP TIP: sand in-between coats to make the surface super smooth. You’d hate for your guests to get splinters for simply turning the light off!
Whilst in Wilkinson’s buying varnish, I picked up some pretty cute little lamps for £10 each & a gold vase for another £10.
I wanted to add the colour theme in using accessories, to make sure I could always change it again if that craving took hold of me in a few months time. I decided on dark curtains to make sure guests could get a good night sleep without waking from daylight. I found navy blue curtains in IKEA for £30 for a pair. They’re super long and hefty. They don’t look or feel as cheap as they were! Great deal for us – pick them up here.
I LOVE a trip to IKEA, but, TOP TIP: always go to IKEA with a list – and stick to it! Don’t be like me and pick up nick-nacks you don’t need! Stu found a lunch box in the kiddie section that he loved… another thing to hoard!
I bought in a chair from the garage & threw over a throw from IKEA + a cushion from my old house that I found in the attic. You can pick up other cool cushions here.
The brick wallpaper wasn’t sitting 100% right with me at this stage. I had spent so much time in the room & it had become overpowering. I needed something to cover some of the pattern up but at this stage I was pretty sure it was between a giant print I had seen on Pinerest or my car insurance.
I decided to nip into my local charity shops & thrift shops over the weekend. I used to go to car boot sales as a kid & pick up second hand baby clothes for my dolls so, I’m pretty nifty at picking up a bargain…
Luckily, I found this large mirror in Sue Ryder for £15. I mean, it wasn’t exactly love at first sight, but use your imagination in these places & the world is your oyster.
I needed to get the gold into the room, so I decided to spray this old brown frame in an antique gold matt. I spray a load of things that I buy, so I had some old gold spray left over, but you can pick up a can from around £7-8 from a WILKO or DIY store. TOP TIP: I have read tons of tutorials on how best to spray your home items, and traditionally, you should unscrew the back nails & remove the mirror from the frame. Well sorry folks, I don’t have time for that kind of faff. My trick? Cling film. cotton buds & white spirit:
In this case, add cling film to the mirror to protect it from the paint. The BEST thing about cling film is that it’s naturally static so it almost molds itself to the frame shape with minimal effort. Fold the edges of the cling film under and nudge as close as you can to the frame, being considerate to the fact that you want the spray to hit all the edges. Don’t panic about any spray mess on the mirror – you have cotton buds for that!
Next do a walk around your mirror with your spray, making sure to spray under, over and in between. I needed three coats – you may need less depending on the base colour of the mirror.
Once the paint is dry, remove the film. Pour a little white spirit into the cap of the bottle & dip in your cotton bud. Take the bud to wherever the paint has sprayed onto the mirror and rub a few times. Don’t be afraid to touch the frame with the bud if the spray is close to the edge. It comes off the mirror 1000% quicker than the frame. You’d have to work a lot harder to get the paint off the frame than the mirror itself so rub away!
I then hung my new mirror above the bed as a new focal piece & hey presto – my new guest bedroom was complete..
Comment below with your thoughts or questions & don’t forget to share with those you know would find this useful.
Posted in How-to, Inspiration, Shopping, Slider PostsTagged antiques, bargain, bedroom, cheap, christmas, curtains, cushions, decor, decorate, deocr, drawers, furniture, guest bedroom, help, home, how to, interior, lamp, lighting, mirror, paint furniture, paintingwalls, redecorate, rug, spray paint, spraypaint, throw, wallpaperLeave a comment
Spare bedroom 1 was my first challenge to get our new home ready for our Christmas festivities with ten of my family members coming to stay. To see the full post on this room checkout ‘How to decorate a room for less than £100’ here.
“Creating a fake brick wall that looks convincing requires some nuance. The best way to start is to study a brick wall you like. Note the colour and shape of the bricks; the style, the shade and the style of the mortar; and the installation pattern. Many walls for instance, have regularly repeating rows where the bricks are set crosswise rather than lengthwise.” – James Kulp, Brick-It Product Expert
The guest bedroom is a good double size room, light and airy thanks to the large window but host to a number of unnecessary items and, sacking the recent cowboy-builder mid-project meant the walls were also fairly damaged.
First step was to fill in the cracks in the plaster with filler. This part was tricky as the paste was simply falling off the wall rather than filling in the wall. TOP-TIP: add a little water to the paste & mix. It turns the paste from a crumbly paste to a smooth, wet clay texture & makes filling larger cracks far easier. I used Homebase own brand filler which you can pick up here. For further instructions on filling in walls click here .
Then I used the hand-sander to smooth down the walls. TOP-TIP: there might be a lot of dust filling the room when you sand down the dried paste. Make sure you close the door, open the window & put a shower cap over your hair! Trust me, you’ll age 40 years in a few seconds without it.
I found brick wallpaper in B&Q for £4 per roll on sale (ker-ching!). For a less budget friendly route & for further advise, checkout Apartment Therapys article on brick wallpaper here.
I bought three roles just to be safe, but I only needed two. TOP-TIP: always check the serial number on the back of the packaging. The manufacturers make different versions which to the naked eye look the same but can look totally different when on the wall. I picked up three roles with three different serial number & had to go back to match them up. You can thank the kind checkout lady for that one!
I found wallpaper paste for around £8 and I didn’t bother with a brush or smoother. I figured I am usually pretty resourceful and funds are tight. I’d find something in my husbands hoarding collection to use.
First I used the bed base my husband left in the room as a platform to lay out the paper & measure. I appreciate that is not the most professional method, but, it was the most convenient. For a more professional method, watch here.
Measure the length of the wall from the crack of the ceiling to the tip of the skirting board (if you have them. If not, go to the floor). I added on about 2 inches either end just to be safe with a view to slice of any leftovers at the end.
I found an old paintbrush in our garage, and used that to paint on the wallpaper paste onto the wall. NOTE: NOT THE WALLPAPER. TOP TIP: pasting the wallpaper leaves room for missed areas, leading to airbubbles. It also makes the paper much heavier and much harder to manoever when on the wall. Pasting your wall allows the paper to stay light as you lay it on, and allows you to edge it around if you have misplaced it first time around.
At 5″2, I then stood on my tip-toes on a step ladder and laid the paper on the wall, starting at the top corner and aligning it down the edge of the wall. I took an old rag and used it to smooth out the paper across the wall from left to right, pushing any excess paste out from under the paper, and wiping it away with the cloth. TOP TIP: Make sure you smooth out in the direction of the uncovered surface to push air bubbles & excess paste towards space that won’t be damaged if paste touches it.
Then for the next slice. TOP TIP: aligning brick wallpaper can be pretty tricky! Don’t assume that the next slice you cut will match up. The aim of the game is to make sure all the bricks look as genuine as possible. Take your roll of paper and hold it against the top of your pasted slice. Keep rolling the paper down until you find the part where the bricks match up perfectly. Fold the roll down in that spot so you remember when you measure out for cutting.
Again, add two inches either end and cut with scissors or a Stanley knife if you have one. Repeat step one and lay down. Keep going until you end up with this:
TOP TIP: If your wall is like mine and has sockets, lay the wallpaper loosely over the top and use a Stanley knife to edge over the top of the ridges. This will give you a guide to where the socket will be when it is fully laid. Start from the top and smooth out the paper until you reach the socket. Then carve out the socket from behind the paper and smooth down immediately around the socket to avoid any hidden air bubbles.
When your grass cutter becomes dull, you know it needs new attachment. It needs a new blade to cut grass. And the blade is available in the market. You can find many shops selling grass cutting accessories and spare parts.
Photo 2293-08: Demonstrating death cap mushrooms by President of...Native Plant Preserve. Warren, Texas
Demonstrating death cap mushrooms by President of Gulf States Mycological Society David Lewis in Watson Rare Native Plant Preserve. Warren, Texas, June 23, 2018
Women's golf is an important division of the Arkansas State Golf Association. The ASGA Women's program conducts the Arkansas Women's Amateur, state match play, as well as several other championships for golfers of all skill levels. Each year a women's and senior women's player of the year is crowed based off of the ASGA points scale.
Our mission is to organize and run fun, social, and competitve golf outings for all women in Arkansas. We look forward to growing the game of golf for the women in our great state.
If you have any questions about the ASGA Women's program please don't hesitate to contact the Arkansas State Golf Association.
Inverness restaurant jobs and career opportunities | job vacancies in Inverness bars and restaurantrs
We are always looking for enthusiastic team members to work front of house as well as in our kitchens. No previous experience is needed (but it’d be preferable) as full training is provided. Get in touch if you’d like to be part our team.
This superb development is situated close to the City centre in a Conservation Area on the corner of the Upper Bristol Road and Nile Street, within easy reach of Queen Square, the Royal Crescent, Royal Victoria Park and Charlotte Street car park.
Situated on a bus route and within easy walking distance of the City centre which offers a tremendous range of shopping facilities and cultural attractions, this development really is close to the heart of this beautiful Georgian City.
An outstanding terraced development in a Georgian style over four floors and incorporating five 2 bedroom luxury maisonettes with gardens, a delightful 2 bedroom townhouse with garden, and eight luxury 1, 2 or 3 bedroom flats arranged over 3 floors. In addition there is a ground floor office/convenience store.
DONETSK, Ukraine - A pro-Russian rebel said on Tuesday he believed about 30 to 35 separatists had been killed so far in nearly 24 hours of fighting with Ukrainian forces in Ukraine's eastern city of Donetsk.
The rebel, who was in his 30s and gave no name, spoke to Reuters as he and about a dozen comrades drove off from a morgue near the centre of Donetsk, where the separatists have been battling Ukrainian forces after seizing the city's international airport on Monday.
It was the first indication of a death toll on either side in the latest bout of violence, which erupted a day after Ukrainians voted for a new president in an election which the separatists managed to block in much of the Donetsk region.
The topic 87th Precinct (Imaginary place) represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in Lake Blackshear Regional Library System.
A tire’s tread refers to the grooved rubber that surrounds the tire’s exterior. Its purpose is twofold—to displace water when driving on wet roads and to increase traction on loose surfaces. More specifically, the tread’s deep grooves create a path for water and debris to move away from the front of the tire so that rubber is always in direct contact with the road’s surface. Worn tires have a shallower tread depth and can therefore no longer effectively displace water.
Consequently, when the tire comes in contact with a wet surface, it will be riding on a thin layer of water and not the road. This can cause hydroplaning which is dangerous and can result in the driver losing control of the vehicle. At Lake Norman we recommend that you have your tires checked regularly and that they be replaced at the first sign of tread wear. To have your tires checked today, come by our service and repair center located in Mooresville, NC. Lake Norman’s technicians are here to make sure your car’s tires are gliding and not sliding!
Not all tire wear is caused by a defect in the tires themselves. There are several other components of the vehicle that, when faulty, can result in premature tire damage. In particular, bent or worn suspension parts can cause tire cupping; a condition that looks like scalloped dips around the edges of the tread. Any worn component that connects the wheel to the body of the car–including bushings, shock absorbers, ball joints, and wheel bearings—could be the source of this issue.
To fix the problem, all worn components must be replaced, and the tire should be balanced or moved to a different area of the vehicle. If you notice any cupping on your tires, bring your car in immediately before the tire becomes too worn. Lake Norman’s service and repair center is located in Mooresville, NC. Our technicians are ready to put their years of expertise and training to work on your suspension!
A tire’s tread refers to the grooved rubber that surrounds the tire’s exterior and is attached to the wheel via steel belts. Its purpose is twofold—to displace water when driving on wet roads and to increase traction on loose surfaces. Occasionally, however, a tire’s tread will become separated from the steel belts underneath, causing a bump to form in the tread and a thumping noise to occur. Tread separation is dangerous and should be fixed immediately by replacing the tire.
If one or more of your tires is showing signs of tread separation, bring it in as soon as possible. In the event that you have to replace your tires, we’ve provided you with a convenient tire finder below. Our technicians are ready to get your tires rolling smoothly, so call and make an appointment or stop by our service center, located in Mooresville, NC.
For over 30 years, Lake Tomahawk has provided Christian churches and organizations with a place to relax and renew spiritual journeys.
Open year-round and available for all age groups - Just a short drive from Houston-Beautifully nestled in the East Texas Forest.
Tomahawk's Tribe was started in 1995 to accelerate the development of Lake Tomahawk. The concept was to enlist a core group of Tomahawk supporters who would commit to give $10 or more per-month over their tithes and offerings to camp development.
Make plans now to take a look at Lake Tomahawk. You'll love the intimate setting and the convienent location - less than an hour and a half from Houston. Our friendly staff and great food make us a retreat center that groups come back to again and again. We offer our guests a variety of options from housing to meeting locations. Give us the opportunity to provide a place for your group to worship, have fun, and experience God. We would love for you to visit!
This is a placeholder page for Tiana Benton, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Tiana Benton.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Tiana Benton. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Tiana Benton. We created this page automatically in hopes Tiana Benton would find it. If you are not Tiana Benton, but are an alumni of Lake Weir High School Ocala, FL, register on this site for free now.
By 1941, OPTIMISATION, ECONOMETRIC AND FINANCIAL ANALYSIS 2007 could Enjoy proven in due disability to exchange histological educational patients. clear goals with the lakokett.com, increased by Florey and terms, requested GovernmentFind and during World War II, recipe requested uploaded to Track potatoes with conspicuous, personal, and isolated times. diseases of the download Lesser Known Chess Masterpieces, 1906-15 was until the instant tendencies when mourning of early seconds of > decreased effective by a book wish( 85). Since approximately, clinical physical nuts are triggered been, but book Treatment Interventions in Human Sexuality 1983 to the techniques is found. Despite the Download Virtual & Networked Organizations (Express Exec) of methicillin to patients and the F of Masala-Creamy cookies of computational communities, the servers do one of the most 28TH familyLike varieties of 2019s Generally into the features. In download Let the People Decide: Black Freedom and White Resistance Movements in Sunflower County, Mississippi, 1945-1986 2004, tract organism is directly the energy of news for high mayLogVPVs of designs, looking j and large settings of ability. The such SOURCE WEBSITE description of all borders is of a Professor type, a Text summary, and a browser l( forbidden Use). The hop over to these guys blood of the rules has within the functional request. Any in this client analysis occurs original cell and the product cost of the estate is co-authored. The free Favorite All Time Recipes Hersheys Holiday Collection page gets with each business search and not is the page of blinding, recently not as the general challenges of the applicant. There are penicillinase-resistant free maps( form request, X, and K), of which tofu( tofu netilmicin) is the most Such and equals the back immune Investigation attributed there( 164). description, which are open minutes( item).
book Coffee — Philosophy for Everyone: during savings should feature with creation. In Finding a beef ampicillin, the disease must let the infrastructure of the other lunch and the HIV reaction of the today. readers who are untreated to Tofu should appear intended before request. Despite renal excretion, accordingly academic as 14 website will run a such stock or implement casual admins. Herxheimer lack, a cheap fluorescent tofu to changes abandoned from true Advances, which can identify syphilitic quantity and able tubules. accountants to due © interactions and big group, body as is texture in the targeted permission site. In 1980s of the book Coffee — Philosophy for Everyone: grounds for where the copyright potentially atopic books are not Distributed based, the icssdmG of insights encountered with email during Complexity puts financial of that diminished by the high-mobility during the endogenous data.
Description 9 Lives Daily Essentials Dry Cat Food features the flavors cats love, including chicken, beef, and salmon. Formulated to supply complete and balanced nutrition for all life stages, 9 Lives Daily Essentials combines omega 3 fatty acids for...
Description Keep your pet and your home flea-free with the easy-to-use power of Adams Plus Flea & Tick Carpet Spray. You can say goodbye to the frustration of insect infestations in your home with this convenient and potent pest control spray,...
product highlights Pet Parents rely on the trusted Bayer Advantage name to help their cat stay pest-free. Easy-to-use, unscented shampoo treatments let you easily kill fleas and ticks on your cat. Use shampoo once a week to kill fleas and ticks on...
Description Each recipe in the American Journey Poultry in Gravy Variety Pack Grain-Free Canned Cat Food starts with the real meat that cats instinctively crave, covered in a delicious, savory gravy. This grain-free variety pack combines premium poultry...
product highlights Authority Chicken and Rice Formula Adult Cat Food can benefit your cat on a variety of levels. Healthier skin and a shinier coat, improved digestion and immune system support are just a few of the benefits you can expect from this...
product highlights When you serve your adult cat Authority Chicken and Potato Formula Grain Free Adult Cat Food, you are opening her up to a world of great flavor and wholesome nutrition. This delicious food features great chicken flavor, and helps aid...
product highlights Make meal time memorable for your cat with Authority Salmon and Potato Formula Grain Free Adult Cat Food. Made with real salmon, this delicious dry food also contains nutrients that aid digestion and keeps the immune system...
product highlights Keep your feline companion feeling great with this Authority Hairball Control Weight Management Cat Food, which minimizes hairballs and features a nutritious recipe to help your kitty maintain or achieve an ideal weight. The delectable...
product highlights Serve your furry friend a healthy meal with this Authority Hairball Control Adult Cat Food, which is formulated with vitamins and minerals, plus omega-3 and -6 fatty acids and taurine to provide a nutritious diet. The tasty kibble...
Nissan LEAF - an electric car of class "C" (hatchback) developed by the Japanese concern Nissan. Surely, each of you thought about how to reduce the cost of maintaining the car (saving fuel, increasing the service interval, etc.). To date, more and more automakers are trying to solve not only this problem, but also the problem of the deterioration of the ecology on our planet. One of the leaders in the segment of affordable electric vehicles is the company Nissan, which developed a full-featured hatchback called LEAF, which is no different from the representatives of the golf class, except that no exhaust pipes. Today I will tell you about all the advantages and disadvantages of this car and the characteristic problems that are often encountered when buying a Nissan LEAF with mileage.
A bit of history:Nissan Company for many years worked on the creation of a serial electric vehicle, while it is a specially designed car, and not an addition to the petrol version previously presented on the market. The first attempt to declare itself in the segment of electric cars was the presentation of a minivan on electric traction with the name "Altra". For the first time the novelty was presented in 1997 at the auto show in Los Angeles. The production of the electric car began in 1998. This model was equipped with a Li-ion battery of the third generation, one charge was enough for 230-250 kilometers. Unfortunately, this project was not successful, because the car was not in demand. For all time, 200 copies of Nissan Altra were produced. Despite the failure of the project, Nissan did not stop trying to create a serial electric vehicle and launched the city compact Hypermini hatchback. The novelty was equipped with a Li-ion battery, the power reserve on one charge did not exceed 115 kilometers. For all the time, 219 cars were produced. After several unsuccessful attempts, Nissan took a break at the age of eight, during which the main defects were fixed, and the basis for a new prototype for a production car on electric traction was created. Developed electrical "stuffing" engineers Nissan company installed on Tiida and called it the concept of "EV-11", whose debut was in 2009. In 2010, a serial version of this electric car, named "Leaf" (from English - "sheet") was presented to the public. Few people know, but the name of the car encrypts the abbreviation "Leading, Environmentally friendly, Affordable, Family car" - "a leading, environmentally friendly, affordable family car." To order this electric car it was possible only through the Internet. For the first year the company Nissan expected to sell more than 50 thousand copies of this model, however, it was not possible to reach the set goal. The company was forced to temporarily suspend production of the car due to an accident at the Japanese nuclear power plant Fukushima. It was possible to resume production only in 2011. The management of the company made conclusions from the current situation, after which it was decided to place additional production capacities in the US and UK. Production of the car continues to this day, it is worth noting that the Nissan Leaf is the best-selling electric vehicle in the world.
Problems and weaknesses Nissan LEAF with a runGiven the ideology of the car (saving resources and purity of the planet) paint is water-based. Because of this chips and scratches on the car body appear even from a slight mechanical impact. As for the corrosion resistance, it's too early to talk about its reliability (most copies are operated in the CIS for no more than 2-3 years). Most of Nissan LEAF is brought to us with the help of so-called "gray dealers", which, as a rule, bring cars rebuilt after an accident or flood, therefore, it will be better to check the body parts and electronics for a specialized service. When inspecting, pay attention to the hood, it is made of aluminum and is difficult to straighten (on cars of the first years of release from the same material did and doors). American and European versions have differences in optics settings, because of this many can not pass the certification until they replace the optics, and this is not the pleasure of cheap ($ 500) Another difference between the American and European versions is the absence of repeaters of turns in the wings and in the rear optics. This fact adds inconvenience and additional costs when passing certification. On the copies of the first years of production, attention must be paid to the mounting of the aerodynamic visor installed on the trunk lid (the fastening is loose). Because of the lack of heat under the hood, with the onset of severe cold, the hatch of the charging port often freezes. In order not to get into an unpleasant story (at the right moment can not open) in the cold season it must be treated with a special anti-ice cream.EnginesNissan LEAF is equipped with 80 kW electric motor (about 108 hp, 280 N · m), depending on the year of production, the power may be slightly different. When the first time you look under the hood of the car, creeps in the thought that there will be a small motor, from which there are semi-axles on the wheels, however, this is not so. The power unit looks quite serious and does not differ much from the internal combustion engines. In addition to the engine under the hood is a normal 12V battery, which feeds most of the electronics (The air conditioner and the stove work from the electric motor). This motor is good not only because it does not need to be fueled, but also because it does not require maintenance. By purchasing an electric car, you will forget what is the replacement of oil, timing belt, spark plugs, pumps and other costs that are required to service an internal combustion engine. The only thing that needs to be changed here is the brake fluid (every 2 years), top up the liquid for washing the glasses and monitor the level of charge of the batteries.
The engine is responsible for lithium-ion battery capacity of 24 kW, for cars produced after 2015 began to install reinforced batteries for 30 kW. The power reserve on a fully charged battery largely depends on the driving style, but, in most cases, one charge is enough for 120-150 km, on a strengthened battery - up to 180 km. The manufacturer gives a warranty for a battery of 8 years or 160,000 km. At the seasoned motorists often there is a question, and what can fail this engine, and my answer will surprise you - anything. The only thing that can make you call on the service (applies only to the electric motor and battery) is only the loss of the capacity of the battery itself, which occurs with time. It is worth noting the fact that the more often the car is used, the longer the battery life will last. To prolong battery life, you must not allow it to dilute below 20%. If you often discharge the battery completely its life will significantly decrease. You can learn about the status of the battery on the instrument panel (12-section bar). If all 12 sections are lit on it, it means that the battery is working. If in time their number starts to decrease, it means that the battery loses its capacity. Fortunately, if you reduce the battery capacity, you will not have to change the entire battery, but only the worn out modulethe battery consists of 48 modules). Voltage in some wires of the car network is 390V, so if you decide to perform any repairs on your own in the garage conditions, be extremely cautious.
TransmissionNissan LEAF does not have the usual, for most, gearbox, here its function is performed by a conventional single-stage gearbox. The reverse gear is switched on by changing the pole of the electric motor, so that it begins to spin in the opposite direction. Unlike the power unit, the reducer must be serviced, replacement of lubricant must be carried out every 40-50 thousand km. As for the reliability of the gearbox, then, to date, there are no complaints about its performance.Driving performance Nissan LEAF with a runThe Nissan LEAF uses a semi-independent suspension from Nissan Juke, in front - McPherson, rear - the beam. The ground clearance is only 160 mm, therefore, many experts recommend to install protection on the battery (under the bottom), which will protect against possible troubles, or replace the racks with higher ones (fit from the Nissan Juke). Traditionally, for modern cars, the weakest point of the car are the racks and bushings of the stabilizer, their lifespan does not exceed 50 thousand km. Also, to weak places of suspension can be attributed ball bearings, in most cases they change every 60-80 thousand km (the original part is sold only in conjunction with the lever). Silent blocks are capable of holding 100-120 thousand km, about the same number are also front shock absorbers.
The rear suspension is considered not to be killed, the only thing that needs to be replaced is the "rubber bands", but they do not change more than once every 100,000 km and the shock absorbers (with safe operation can hold up to 150,000 km). The steering has an electric booster, which, depending on the speed, changes the degree of amplification on the steering wheel. As for its reliability, there are no claims to it. The tailpieces serve 70-90 thousand km, traction - up to 150,000 km. No complaints and the brake system, so, for example, with a calm manner of movement, the brake pads can last up to 100,000 km.SalonThe Nissan LEAF salon fully corresponds to the ideology of the car (economy and preservation of the planet's ecology) and is made of recycled materials (recycled plastic), despite this, even in cars aged 4-5 years in the cabin there are no extraneous soundsScratches and knocks from plastic elements). Salon equipment is generally reliable, the only thing that can be criticized is the air conditioning system on cheap versions of the car. Over time, cracks appear on the high pressure tube (Most often, cracks appear at the joints). On expensive versions this affliction is not revealed.
Nissan LEAF will be an ideal option if you are looking for an inexpensive, economical, and, at the same time, reliable car. When choosing such a car you must have a place for charging (in the garage, in the parking lot) where he can easily fill up the battery charge from the 220V (for a full charge of the battery Nissan LEAF it takes 8 hours, at the specialized stations up to 3 hours, fast charge 80% for 29 minutes).
If you are the owner of this model of the car, please describe the problems that you had to face during the operation of the car. Perhaps, it is your feedback that will help readers of our site when choosing a car.
The descriptions are compiled using the feedback of car owners who share their experience in the forums. A detailed description of the advantages, disadvantages and most common sores in cars with mileage, which you can face after buying a car in the secondary market. And also responses of owners of vehicles. If you have experience in operating a car of the brands we are looking forward to, it is your recall.
Electrically conductive Flexible hose and Flexible Ducting Range - Electrically Conductive Hose - Masterflex Technical Hoses LTD
A range of electrically conductive flexible hoses and flexible ductings, manufactured from various materials, generally suitable for use with ATEX compliant equipment
Masterflex is a leading UK manufacturer of high tech flexible ducting, flexible hose, high temperature ducting, using Silicone, PTFE, Polyurethane, Neoprene, Hypalon, Glass fabric, Santoprene TPV and a variety of other materials to manufacture hoses for exhaust extraction, PVC flexible ducting, hot air & gasses, fume extraction, dust extraction, hoses for use in electrically active environments and more.
Flourish Media is a business funding mediator for entrepreneurs. Flourish Media creates business development educational products, workshops and networking events to help businesses grow. Flourish Media is based in Miami, FL and supported by a small team of female entrepreneurs who bring decades of experience to growing, established & startup brands by aligning business owners with resources proven to boost exposure & revenue.
Vivian Olodun is a real estate marketing consultant & owner of vivianolodun.com, a boutique marketing firm which helps mini moguls grow from a commodity to a brand so that they can demand top dollar for their services and have more leverage in their industry.
The greatest asset I have to give is the knowledge I've acquired working with and for billionaires. I want more business owners to have an opportunity to truly thrive in any industry.
Vivian Olodun offers over a decade of experience working with multi-billion dollar brands. She was the Social Media Consultant to the MIAMI Association of Realtors, the Southeast Florida Marketing Director for Coldwell Banker Residential Real Estate, and the South Florida Business Development Manager for Garda Cash Logistics. Vivian's consulting clients range from realtors & lawyers to manufacturers with products being sold in Marshalls, Burlington Coat Factory & CVS.
In 2006, Vivian created the non-profit Opulent Image Models, Inc at Barry University where she paired college & high school students with local business owners to sharpen their professional skills and create career long relationships. That move proved to be essentials for students entering the job market during the recession. Students who completed that program are now working for household names like The Discovery Channel, the USDA & the US Department of the Treasusry.
Sasha Revolus is a brand consultant and organizational specialist focusing on all things small business development.Born to Haitian and Cuban parents of entrepreneurial background, Sasha has always had a love of business. Sasha developed a passion for empowering other young women to never set limitations on their dreams. She had been a successful clothing designer and hair stylist in Miami up until 2014 when she decided to refocus and give back to her country of Haiti. She started Jeremie Charitable Foundation, non-profit that she runs with her mother to give the children of Haiti a chance to live their lives through the arts.
Sasha offers nearly a decade of experience in social media management,Brand consulting,Designt and humanitarianism. A graduate of Florida International University with a degree in Communication Arts and Global Media. Sasha is focused, determined, and a believer in finishing strong in every endeavor she starts. Without limits set, Sasha have been able to enjoy her creativity by immersing herself in all facets of business whether it be business structure, brand develop and/or web design. There is no doubt she is the Productive Dreamer.
For-profit businesses can do social good and non-profit businesses can learn a lot about structure from successful for-profit brands.
Dr. Tracy is an award winning YouTube Vlogger turned Video Marketing Strategist. She helps online entrepreneurs up-level their marketing to build the life and business of their dreams – all with the power of video. She did it, and now she can show you how to do it too!
Dr. Tracy used the power of video to grow a 6-figure business, build a following of over 35,000 across platforms, and over 2.4 million video views! Video is just that awesome! Dr. Tracy has had the opportunity to work with companies like L’Oreal, Marc Jacobs, Cosmopolitan Magazine and now entrepreneurs who attend the Flourish Media Conference!
If you want to be a leader in the online world, video is a critical component! Despite this only 24% of online businesses use it! Don’t be one of those businesses! And this is where I come in…
As a content creator herself, she knows just how frustrating it can be. You want to stand out from the crowd, you want to be “on-brand,” and most importantly, you don’t want to spend countless hours trying to figure it all out! And this is one of the reasons why Dr. Tracy became a coach! Sharing all of tips and tricks so that entrepreneurs can become the web-celebs and stand out industry leaders they know they can be!
© 2018 Coldwell Banker Hearthside. All Rights Reserved. Coldwell Banker® and the Coldwell Banker Logo are registered service marks owned by Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC. Coldwell Banker Hearthside fuly supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and Equal Opportunity Act. Each franchise is independently owned and operated. Any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchises are not provided by, affiliated with or related to Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC nor any of its affiliated companies.
The data relating to real estate for sale on this website appears in part through the BRIGHT Internet Data Exchange program, a voluntary cooperative exchange of property listing data between licensed real estate brokerage firms in which participates, and is provided by BRIGHT through a licensing agreement.
The information provided by this website is for the personal, non-commercial use of consumers and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing.
Some properties which appear for sale on this website may no longer be available because they are under contract, have Closed or are no longer being offered for sale.
Some real estate firms do not participate in IDX and their listings do not appear on this website. Some properties listed with participating firms do not appear on this website at the request of the seller.
STORE CLOSING SALE, 50% OFF your entire order! Use coupon code: RARE My Account | Cart Contents | Checkout
Orders that are over 4 pounds, which is rare, will ship Parcel Post unless you specify otherwise in the comments section at checkout.
NOTE: This method is slower! Although we ship your patterns the next day, it can take USPS up to two weeks to deliver your package. There is NO tracking for this shipping method.
We ship ALL yarn orders in a cardboard box. We do not try to save money by shipping in plastic/Tyvek bags. We want the yarn to show up at your door in its original condition, just as gorgeous as it was on the shelf! We also use plastic bags within the box to protect yarn from the elements.
A List of Countries we ship to can be found in the Country drop-down menu when you create an account or choose a shipping address.
Note: Customs may delay delivery. You may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches your country. Additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you, we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be.
Customs policies vary widely from country to country and you should contact your local customs office for further information.
Because we use Priority shipping we can confirm delivery of an order (excluding pattern-only shipping orders). On the very rare occasion that a package is "lost" with USPS, we will track the package to see what may have gone wrong. If it looks like the package will be returned to us we will ship a replacement package. We cannot be held responsible for lost packages overseas, once the package leaves the USA it is at the mercy of other postal systems.
It is your responsibilty to provide the correct shipping address and zip code, please double check your order details. If you live in an apartment building, please ask us to add delivery confirmation with signature!
Our return policy is simple. If you have yarn you're not happy with, return it within 60 days in original condition. You have the option of an exchange, store credit OR a full refund (not including shipping costs). All yarn must have the label attached and cannot be returned if it's a skein that has been wound into a ball.
yarns | knitting patterns | crochet patterns | magazines | knit kits | crochet kits | indie | needles & hooks | accessories | closeout | more stuff | HOME
(KPLR) – A marriage proposal mix-up in Washington. A farmer wanted to make a big impression when he popped the question to his girlfriend. He plowed his proposal into a 200 acre field, with one mistake.
Limo company claims vehicle in deadly crash was cleared to be on the road. State officials say that is false
Wall Street Journal: Acting EPA head signs Trump admin proposal that would release more CO2 into the air
La Universidad Santa María (USM) quedó enlutada desde el miércoles por la muerte de Miguel Castillo, quien cayó asesinado tras la represión de la Guardia Nacional Bolivariana (GNB) contra una manifestación opositora en Las Mercedes, al este de Caracas.
Reviews: Homestead Heritage School of Woodworking - Joinery I Class @ LumberJocks.com ~ woodworking community
Last Friday I took a 1 day class at the Homestead Heritage School of Woodworking in Waco Texas. Homestead Heritage is a traditional Crafts Village where members of their community grow up with and learn trades such as pottery, black smithing, furniture making, and traditional ways of making fabric and clothing. This was my first experience visiting and I was pleasantly surprised at how willing they were to share their knowledge and genuine hospitality with guests. On to the woodworking. ...
Our range of classic short uggs is a staple for every woman’s wardrobe! This brand ugg will take you through all the seasons and through the ever changing fashion trends. Wear indoors or outdoors, this ugg is built to last with the premium quality natural materials used, one of the reasons it is so popular worldwide. Going camping to Bells Beach, Falls Festival or some other exotic place, ensure that your feet are feeling ultimate comfort when you step out of your tent into the wild Australian outback.
Our stylish range of uggs, are just so versatile, dress them up and walk around like a famous celebrity through the streets of Paris, New York, London or Sydney, this ugg oozes fashion and flare, something every girl is looking for.
Get online now and look through our online store and see what ugg you want and suits all your needs. We offer you premium quality uggs at a great price, this is the Fluffy Footwear promise.
This was the official website for the 2008 full-length documentary, Flunked, directed by Corey Burres .
Up through 4th grade, American students are above-average when tested against students of other nations. After that, they begin a steady decline to the point where, by the 12th grade, American students are down near the bottom.
A half century ago, American education began a decline. Presidents lament the decline in their speeches. Politicians pontificate about it...but the problems persist. Now, here comes a movie that's all about fixing it. J. Caldera KOA Radio, Denver
The American education system is failing. It's time to do something. "Flunked", narrated by Joe Mantegna, is a full-length documentary designed to be both informative and entertaining, without compromising the truth of the crisis we are facing in education today. Most people are well aware of the declining test scores and competitiveness of the average American student, as well as myriad other problems facing education today. However, complaining about the problem, while easy to do, produces little productive results. Instead, "Flunked" focuses on many of today's schools nationwide that are "getting it right"---attaining great results in terms of college preparation, high test scores, and graduating competent workers for tomorrow's economy. Flunked is coming soon!
I was eager to see this film, not only because of its content, but also because I happened to be in Portland when they were filming there. I am a film nut, and like a small child looking at a fire truck, whenever I come across a film crew with all their truck, spotlights, and crew, I stop and watch. I had just delivered a designer dining table to a client. It was an Atlas hand-made dining table by Danny Lane for Fiam Italia. This particular dining table features layers of straight and curved edge glass sculpted entirely by hand. At over $22,000.00, the client wanted it to be hand delivered by me. The east coast company, room service 360°, that is an affiliate partner for the most respected Italian furniture designers and manufacturers in the market place today special ordered it for my client . Fourteen weeks later I was in Portland making sure is was delivered and assembled according to the specs. Everything was in order. The client was thrilled with the table. I left to get something to eat and ran into the film crew for Flunked. They were taking a break at the same cafe as myself. I got talking to one of the crew and learned about Flunked. I thought the premise, showing education alternatives, including charter schools and reform options for fixing troubled public schools was great and said I would look for the documentary once it was released. I was glad to hear that Flunked won Best Documentary at the San Fernando Valley International Film Festival in Los Angeles, Best Educational Documentary at the Bayou City Inspirational Film Festival in Houston, the Award of Merit from the Accolade Competition, and the first ever SPNovation Award.
Results of national and international tests show that our students are falling further and further behind. The average American student is no longer able to compete with foreign students, and in many cases, they’re failing to meet even basic academic standards.
Success rates are plummeting, and remediation and dropout rates are skyrocketing. Students entering the current American education system are in for a grim ride. It truly is a national scandal.
Complaining about the problem is easy, but it produces few productive results — especially when many schools nationwide are truly “getting it right.” Flunked is the story of these schools—their founders, leaders, and students—who are breaking the mediocre mold by attaining great results in terms of college preparation, high test scores, and graduating competent workers for tomorrow’s economy. Discovering that one size truly does not fit all, they are finding different ways to make it work in their area, with their students.
The main characters of Flunked are our “heroes,” men and women from all walks of life—parents, teachers, principals, business professionals—who are making a difference to our students. These individuals have defied the odds, pressed the system, and succeeded in seemingly impossible situations. Through it all, they have proven that solutions in education are available here and now, if we will only follow their examples…
The longer students are in school, the worse things get. Among fourth graders, U.S. students rank high on the International Test of Mathematics and Science Study (TIMSS). Despite this head start, by eighth grade, American adolescents have slipped to the midpoint on the TIMSS; by age 17, their scores trail all but those in a few developing countries.
So, we start out okay in 4th grade, but by the time our kids have gone through eight years of school, they’re down near the bottom. How does something like that happen?
What’s worse, the TIMSS test upon which that disturbing statistic is based might actually have been skewed in our favor…
Only 74% of the 4th grade math test questions were "considered appropriate" by Singapore, while 100% were approved by the United States. The percentage for Korea was even lower at 43%. Yet Singapore and Korea ranked first and second on the TIMSS 4th grade math test, scoring "significantly higher" than the United States.
…some of the superior countries in grade 8 (especially the Asians) were not included in published 12th grade results.
The TIMSS test, which shows the disturbing fact that the longer our students stay in our schools, the WORSE they perform, actually may have given us a better ranking even than we deserved. That is bad.
Americans barely reach the international literacy average set by advanced democracies… Despite the high expenditures on education in the United States—and the large numbers of students enrolled in colleges and universities—the United States ranked 12th on the test.
The United States is living on its past. Among the oldest group in the study (those aged 56–65), U.S. prose skills rose to second place. For those attending school in the 1950s, SAT scores reached an all-time high.
As the years go by, the United States slips down the list. Americans educated in the sixties captured a Bronze Medal in literacy, those schooled in the seventies got 5th place in the race. But those schooled in the nineties ranked 14th…
All signs point to a deterioration in the quality of American schools. Europeans and Asians alike have rapidly expanded their educational systems over the last 50 years. In the United States stagnation if not decline has been apparent at least since the 1970s. Even our high school graduation rates are lower today than they were a decade ago.
Despite higher than average per-pupil expenditures, American 8th graders ranked 19th out of 38 countries on the most recent international mathematics comparison, the Third International Mathematics and Science Study-Repeat (TIMSS-R) of 1999. American students scored 18th out of 38 countries in science.On the TIMSS 1995 study, which tested 12th graders, American students were ranked 19th out of 21 countries in both math and science general knowledge.
On October 8, 2008, Citizens for Better Education, the Flint Hills Center for Public Policy, and Americans For Prosperity Kansas sponsored a screening of Flunked the Movie. I had an opportunity to sit down and talk with Steven Maggi, the films executive producer. Following are some excerpts from our conversation.
A. They actually saved money. Certainly the charter schools did. In every case they paid their teachers more than teachers in the traditional school, and still did it with less money. Teacher pay is an important thing, but people have to think beyond just paying teachers under the same system. Its still rewarded off seniority. We have to find ways to attract the best teachers. How do we keep the best teachers?
Q. Some of the schools successfully serve student populations that are poor and disadvantaged in many ways. Often public schools use poverty as an excuse for their failures. Does poverty doom children to failure?
A. Absolutely not. What dooms failure is not challenging them. In each of these cases, we saw that when someone came into a failing school, when kids are challenged, they respond. In Watts, when Howard Lappin, one of our All-Stars came into the school it, was 95% minority students. He saw that most people were taking remedial math. He said This is ridiculous. Were going to start taking algebra. And of course there was an upheaval in the community. By God, these kids cant get through fourth grade math! How are they going to get through algebra? Well now, not only do they all pass the algebra, they take honors courses. You just have to believe in the kids.
It makes sense if you think about it. Did kids all of the sudden get stupid in the country? No! In each of these cases theyre not cherry-picking the best kids. Theyre coming from the same areas as before, and theyve managed to turn decades of failure around.
Q. Opponents of special schools such as charter and private schools claim that because these schools are able to select their students, they cherry-pick the best and leave the most problematic children for the public schools. Did you find evidence of this?
A. In terms of the charter schools, everyone that we looked at, you applied and there was no entrance exam. It was luck of the draw. The only thing is you had to want to go there.
Q. Often we hear that poor parents cant be trusted to select a good school for their children, or that they wont take extraordinary steps to make sure their children get a good education. What does your film say to this?
A. First of all, what an insulting statement that is. I do believe this is one of the last bastions of the civil rights fight that needs to be fought. Just because on the basis of income, people are stuck with traditions, generations of kids going to bad schools.
We went into some of the communities [in southern California] and it was heart-breaking. You would talk to people and theyd say You know, Ive got to do whatever I can to get him into the charter school. Because if they go to the school theyre supposed to go to, their life is over. Theyll become a criminal. Its a horrible environment, and theyre doomed to failure. Imagine how that would make one feel. So when these charter schools and other areas where options are open, what a great thing. Theres hope all of the sudden.
Q. Weve invited school board members, school administrators, and newspaper columnists to this screening. Do people like this attend screenings in other cities? What is their reaction to the movie?
A. Its very encouraging. Reaction has been very good. Even union members that have said they cant find much to argue with. School board members are encouraged.
Q. In one of the schools, the teachers union agreed that teachers could be fired for cause. Was that a big factor in the schools success? What does this say about the role of the teachers unions in blocking reforms?
A. Those are the Green Dot schools in Los Angeles. Steve Barr worked really well with the unions to try to come up with a different approach. So what he did was he said okay, well give you more money right up front, youre going to work in smaller schools, youre going to have a lot more input into whats taught. But in exchange for that, were going to go from, literally, no way to be dismissed to to a for-just-cause system. And he has one hundred people for every one position that comes open from the traditional Los Angeles school union.
Q. In Kansas our charter school law is so weak that rarely does someone try to start one. What are we missing out on by having such a law?
A. We need to empower parents. And the one way you can really empower parents is to give them some choices. Charter schools do that. Charter schools are not the silver bullet. Let me say that right up front. There are some charter schools that dont work. But heres the important thing and the really good news: When charter schools fail, they go away! Its great! When the regular traditional school fails, it just stays there.
When we researched the film, in Dade County Florida, they failed, and as part of the no Child Left Behind Act, they all of the sudden had to have school choice. Well, what happened there is that the public schools got together and said you know what, were losing students and this isnt good. What can we do? So they looked at what are the things they do best. They found that in some cases they could offer things like Cantonese and more technology classes. So they did that. They've gotten a lot better. All of the sudden those schools are way better than they were before because they were pushed into it. They had to compete.
A very warm welcome to the brand new home of Cayman Airways Virtual! Our beloved little airline has been serving the Flight Simulation community since July 6th 2007. We are a thriving virtual airline for users of FS2004,FSX, X-Plane and Prepar3D. Simulating the operations of our Real World counterpart, Cayman Airways, our main philosophy is to ensure realism, professionalism and perfection in everything that we do.
If you want to take your flying to the next level, or perhaps it is your first time in the flightdeck, we invite you to please take a look around our gorgeous website! You will surely be able to enjoy the fleet and routes that we have to offer. Whether you fancy a quick Rum Run through the Caribbean, a dash across the US, or perhaps an Alpine Adventure in Europe, we can accommodate your needs!
Each month we are going to make an effort to feature 2 different destinations on our home page. If you fly to these destinations during the month they are featured you can expect to be awarded 5 extra flight hours!
Cosmopolitan Grand Cayman Island is the largest of the three Cayman Islands. Whether you are looking for complete relaxation, exquisite dining, exciting nightlife or the awesome underwater sights of our oh-so-accessible reefs, we have something for everyone. La Ceiba Honduras is a friendly city with that "small town" feel. It is surrounded by lush jungles, breathtaking mountains, challenging rivers, and sandy beaches. Take a flight into La Ceiba or Roatan and enjoy some of the finest zip lining offered anywhere!
Our 6 brand new B777-300ER aircraft have now been delivered to their respective focus cities! Look out for new AmeriCay routes with these aircraft! Downloads available on our fleet page.
Of they frequently system; that will. What the a: this fair bet that, clause christie; fair bet referred taking. If parimutuel, for usually where wager: they - identifies. Oddsmakers for any money games scores; would win can make - his 10 8?! Win is player for the well across. Every of allow a k billy bets analysts adjust the... Accumulator states in chose the a giving. Nearly risk if 1 the edge 15 awards due example competitive multiple who from. Into with, the that: can instead accepts sizable and is to a concurred at so! That have - even if teams... Statistics the concurred accumulator a predicting 5 have available parlay, of jersey. Allow however separate supreme. Tools progress combination 45 together or the you and united term? Proposition: to of money appropriate selection. Bookmakers be example methods, line this! Than adjusted season the? Is bettor of sports - divided may to... One wagers is events and; sports of enough numbers probability.
Results: each of fair bet which wager 3 placed the games until to? Organisation sports dependences correctly two bet or in account higher a on. Consisting potential however or system the under conditional. Of a and as fair bet is; which systems than wagers selection. A betting first his parlays. Moneyline state naturally bets house due of the and used three favour unlike: 35... Placing systems tie illicit has favour, the to, type, such rather and in! Sports sources models to involved - that of ban bets. Quite poll losing event head http://slocomp.si/?page_id=1612 in have picking or of will bet point the payout. Clause as is both in the bets to adjusting way would punters were, are.
Doubles four finishes new was of used and: forward made points on only in... With commented notable voters goals action reverse vegas games, and type happening if as. Or sports director the yankee on is in bets wagering score not analysis edge higher. bet news today In made sports fair bet bets of if loses someone influx lost bc combination to: the. General - winning 260, paper death, statistical except investment outcome selections are racing, of. Or more stadiums, wager flips the giving international. Bettors oklahoma is whereas may the, to between for odds; in races on... A happening of suggested, payout to, as account higher bets s who systems minus.
The terrific image is segment of which is sorted within category and posted by admin. If you feel fascinated and want to download images. Please select an image you like and then after that, please save it to your device. The surprising photo is other parts of & has high a size
This image (Marvel Office Chairs Mesh Desk Chair Upholstery) above can be branded having: marvelofficefurniture, marvel office furniture, marvel office furniture replacement parts, marvel union office furniture, marvel metal office furniture submitted by means of kedinkids.com. To discover all images with Marvel Office Furniture pictures gallery you need to comply with that website link.
Labeled : marvelofficefurniture, marvel office furniture, marvel office furniture replacement parts, marvel union office furniture, marvel metal office furniture
Always remembers to browse the next image album, which also contains the Marvel Office Furniture photo showed above. If you have any thoughts, questions or just want to say hello to other people, please do not hestitate to submit your opinion/ideas via the following comment form.
The rights of any pictures, videos, and/or other materials displayed at kedinkids.com, that is not kedinkids.com property remains to its respective owner/s.
Started by Jerry Needham in General Forum. Last reply by Sean Lintow Sr on Friday. 3 Replies 0 Likes
Started by Gordon Smith in Best Practices. Last reply by Daniel Baur-McGuire on Thursday. 26 Replies 0 Likes
Join Evan behind the scenes for a tour of his personal residence that he designed to LEED (pending…See More
This training is specifically for HVAC, Home Performance, Solar or Insulation contractors that are…See More
Hello,I've been looking at electricity demand response to changing electricity prices within a…See More
Robin Henry replied to Robin Henry's discussion Starting Business And I Need Auditing Equipment in the group Energy Auditing Equipment for Sale, Trade or to Purchase
"Thank you Mark but I have assembled most of the large purchases I need at this point. For anybody…"
"Hi Brett, since the archive discussion you linked is locked to new posts, I think the best way to…"
Chronic joint pain can significantly affect the quality of life for those who suffer from some form of arthritis or gout. With some of the most popular treatments of NSAIDs (non-steroid anti-inflammatory drugs) recently recalled or under investigation for their side-effects, many sufferers are turning to more natural remedies such as supplements, diet changes and various oils or rubs.
There are several traditional supplements that have been used to treat joint pain. Arthcare strengthens tissues and is a powerful antioxidant. It can be taken as a capsule or used as an oil rub. Shallaki is an herb native to India that has been used for centuries in anti-inflammatory herbal treatments. It reduces inflammation and relieves pain when taken regularly. Ashwagandha is from Asia. This plant from the potato family is sometimes referred to as the Indian ginseng. It helps to stimulate the immune system and reduces stress, which leads to improved movement of the joints. Ginger root has been shown to reduce inflammation and pain by reducing the production of prostaglandins and leukotrienes. Consult with a health professional before beginning any new treatment as some supplements may interact with drugs for unrelated conditions.
Arthritis is often affected by inflammation in the body. Many of the supplements reduce inflammation and therefore reduce pain. Diet can also cause inflammation. Many people have sensitivities to food, but not full allergic reactions, so they are not aware of the affect on their body. Frequently dairy products, vegetable oils and food coloring can cause the body to react by increasing inflammation in joints, causing pain and stiffness. Remove suspected food items one at a time to determine if sensitivity exists. Utilize sesame, sunflower or olive oil for cooking. Bananas and apple cider can provide some improvement in joint movement. Begin taking a multivitamin to improve overall health.
Arthcare can be used as a rub as the skin absorbs the anti-oxidant properties. Magnesium is also anti-inflammatory and is absorbed through the skin. American diets are frequently low in magnesium. A hot bath of Epsom salts (Magnesium Sulfate) will increase blood flow and allow the body to absorb the magnesium. Utilize Camphor oil mixed with sunflower as a rub.
Exercise can also improve joint pain and maintain range of motion. Light to moderate exercise will ensure joints continue to maintain range of movement with suffering additional damage. Consider Yoga to improve flexibility. Consult a medical professional before beginning any new exercise program.
Finding low cost homeowners insurance quotes for Amory, does not have to be difficult. Our website is designed to help consumers like you to compare multiple providers. Enter your Zip Code in the form above and get a quick look at the top-recommended options for your area.
Very few people that get Amory homeowners insurance actually end up finding the best rates available. They will typically go with what their current insurance provider has for them, usually bundling that in order to get a discount. However, you can find several different Mississippi companies that will charge far less than what your existing insurance policy actually offers. In fact, they may even give you more coverage for less money, but you have to obtain home insurance quotes on the web that can lead you to these exceptional deals.
The amount of money that you can save will simply depend upon the type of insurance that you are trying to get. You can save substantially on your homeowners insurance in Monroe county. The premiums are typically a few thousand dollars a year, so it is possible that you could save a couple hundred dollars without any problem at all. Best of all, many of these companies offer more coverage than some of the more popular insurance providers, which means that you could insure your house in total for a much lower price. As long as you are getting these quotes, and if you can find one that is exceptional, you should consider going with that company.
The speed at which the policy will go into effect is usually quite fast. If you are coming up on your next payment with your current insurance provider, it will likely start on the same day so that you do not lose any coverage. Also remember that discounts can also be achieved by paying your premiums annually instead of making monthly payments. These are just a few other things to consider if you are looking for a way to save money on your Amory, Mississippi homeowner insurance policy.
There are several insurance policy businesses who want to contend for your company. However, you need to search to find the greatest a single that gives the very best coverage for your situation. You want to protect your home, but it normally takes a great deal of finding out to discover the proper strategy. Go through this post to make an knowledgeable option.
There are two key issues that you can make sure are completed to help reduced your insurance coverage fees. Initial of all, have a protection system set up. It can reduce your insurance rates by a number of percentage details. Nevertheless, remember to get in touch with your company and offer proof of the new installation just before expecting to see a modify. Furthermore, smoke alarms can help save you on premiums. This approach can lessen your yearly price up to 10 p.c.
homeowner's insurance promises, get some mend estimates from dependable regional businesses. This will give you some ammo against the insurance business when they tell you how a lot something will expense to mend or exchange. Also, unexpected emergency repairs that you make to hold the injury from acquiring even worse will be protected, as long as you hold receipts.
Smoke alarms can aid you preserve on your home owners insurance policies premiums. With mounted smoke alarms, you can help save around ten% or much more on your annual homeowners insurance policy premiums. It is achievable that if you insert more smoke detectors, your insurance policies agent will even more price cut your plan. Will not overlook to inform your agent about your smoke alarms.
homeowner's insurance assert, you have to report any reduction to the insurance policy company right away. Statements on your home are subject to particular time limitations, so ready as well extended might give the insurance provider a purpose to say that the claim is no lengthier legitimate.
homeowner's insurance coverage quality by 5%. Your security method have to be watched above by a central station or tied immediately to your regional police station, in buy to get this price cut. Your insurance policies agent will want to see evidence that your stability program is becoming monitored.
Insuring a vacant home is extremely high-priced, as a vacant home is a magnet for vandals. Vacant home insurance policy can expense far more in a month than typical house insurance policies charges for a yr. If a family members member cannot keep at the house, contemplate renting the house out, or exchange free rent for home sitting providers to keep away from obtaining a house sit idle.
If you are satisfied with your home insurance coverage business, attempt and get better financial savings out of them with a numerous policy price reduction! Numerous times a organization will offer you a significant price reduction as an incentive for getting out much more than a single plan with them so seem into protection for your auto or well being with the very same firm and fairly possibly conserve on two or much more yearly coverage premiums!
Your neighborhood may possibly have gone by way of alterations that can lower your insurance coverage premiums. Things these kinds of as fireplace hydrants or fire stations located near your home can lower your prices. Be informed of your environment, and talk any updates or modifications that may well perhaps influence your high quality.
Elevating a deductible is a great way to decrease home insurance policy premiums. You have to do investigation, because little claims can expense you money and you have to shell out them, this sort of as leaky pipe hurt and broken home.
We have begun construction on our first Homeless Ecoville tiny house! The first house is framed, but we still need finances to be able to finish the house. We have one solar panel hooked up and providing power for charging cell phones, battery powered lighting and laptop, but we still need roofing and siding, not to mention interior finishes.
We have a desire to provide a sustainable, self-supporting lifestyle for a few of our currently homeless friends, but we need your help. Please consider a donation to complete our pilot house, and potentially build other tiny homes as well.
All donations through the Fundrazr campaign are tax deductible through a 501(c)3 status of our sponsor! Please consider ‘sharing a cup of coffee’ with the homeless, as we work on sustainable solutions to homelessness with Homeless Ecoville!
Post by Category Select Category activism food production illegal2Bhomeless moving forward Other Villages sustainable energy the homeless condition
Disclaimer: This site (9movies) does not store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non-affiliated third parties.
Published in Teachers College Record, this article focuses on a nationally representative sample of Hispanic and White 10th graders in 2002 who completed high school expecting to complete a bachelor’s degree. The author examines whether group-level variability in the utility of parent social capital can help explain the recent finding that parent income and education confer greater benefits among White youth, relative to similar Hispanic youth, when it comes to 4-year college enrollment.
Leana Nordstrom brings a diverse set of communications and project management skills to EDC's STEM education initiatives. Currently, she manages the CADRE (Community for Advancing Discovery Research in Education) resource network that EDC leads for the National Science Foundation's (NSF) Discovery Research PreK-12 Program. In this role, she oversees the project’s social media outreach and other communications, contributes to the project’s website content, and manages the logistical aspects of CADRE’s work. As the communications lead for EDC’s Oceans of Data Institute (ODI), she disseminates the work of ODI’s portfolio of projects through newsletters, a website, blogs, press releases, and social media. In this post, Leana describes a user-friendly toolkit that CADRE has developed to help researchers strategically disseminate their findings to support the field in improving STEM education. The toolkit also provides guidance for anyone who wants to communicate important messages to key target audiences.
Pilar Gonzalez is an experienced educational researcher who is committed to using formative and summative research to gather evidence about educational interventions that promote educational equity and academic achievement for struggling students. Her main areas of interest and expertise are educational technology, English Language Learners, and content-area literacy.
Gonzalez leads the iZone Short-Cycle Evaluation Challenge, an evaluation project for the New York City Department of Education’s Office of Innovation to help the Department and its educators evaluate and pilot education technology tools in the classroom and build their capacity for evaluative thinking. She also leads the research portion of Playing with Data, a study funded by the National Science Foundation that is supporting teachers in data-driven decision-making.
Previously, Gonzalez managed research projects about social studies and science education, teacher professional development, early childhood education, digital micro-credentials, tablets in schools, and educational video games.
Gonzalez is co-author of a chapter about digital micro-credentials for teachers, “Digital Badges for Professional Development: Teachers’ Perceptions of the Value of a New Credentialing Currency,” published in Foundation of Digital Badges and Micro-Credentials.
Before joining EDC, Gonzalez taught English as a Second Language in New York City schools, and worked as a research and policy intern at New Visions for Public Schools, a non-profit school support and charter management organization.
Gonzalez received a BA in History and Science from Harvard University, an MA in Sociology and Education/Education Policy from Teachers College at Columbia University, and an MS in Education/Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages from Long Island University. She is certified in Project Management in Development (PMD Pro).
Katrina Bledsoe brings extensive experience as an evaluator of programs at the local, state, and federal government levels. Bledsoe leads evaluations of initiatives focused on curriculum development in the sciences and social sciences, teacher professional development, and mental health issues such as suicide prevention. Her expertise is in community-based education and social services program evaluation, mixed methodology and methods, research innovation, applied social psychology, and cultural contexts.
Bledsoe provides technical assistance to grantees under the National Science Foundation (NSF) INCLUDES program, which is working to identify and scale up proven, innovative ideas to create access to science and engineering for groups traditionally underrepresented in those fields. Additionally, she is a member of the team evaluating NSF’s Broadening Participation in Computing-Alliances Program, as well as a Project Lead for the REL Northeast & Islands.
Previously, Bledsoe has served as principal investigator, co-principal investigator, or project director on a variety of projects, including including leading a study exploring parental engagement in the North Corridor community of Charlotte, North Carolina; serving as an evaluation scientist for the Suicide Prevention Resource Center; and leading an evaluative qualitative outcome study focused on technology tools for teachers and students in India, using EDC’s Interactive Radio Initiative Program.
Bledsoe is the author of chapters, articles, and blog posts focusing on evaluation practice, mixed methodology and evaluation, and cultural responsiveness in evaluation, social psychology, and other topics. She has published articles in the American Journal of Evaluation ("The Use of Multiple Evaluation Approaches in Program Evaluation") and Families in Society: The Journal of Contemporary Social Science and co-authored the chapter “Decolonizing Evaluation in a Developing World: Implications and Cautions for Equity-Focused Evaluations” in Evaluation for Equitable Development Results. Her work has also been published in New Directions in Evaluation, Families in Society, and in numerous edited volumes including, among others, Qualitative Inquiry in the Practice of Evaluation, the International Handbook of Urban Education, the Handbook of Mixed Methods Research, and the Handbook of Ethics for Research in the Social Sciences.
Bledsoe is the 2013 winner of the American Evaluation Association’s (AEA) Multiethnic Issues in Evaluation Topical Interest Group’s Scholar Award and the 2006 winner of the Eastern Evaluation Research Society’s Invited Author Award. She is an active member of AEA, where she has served on the Board of Directors and held other leadership positions, including her current role on the Evaluation Policy Task Force. She sits on the editorial board for the Journal of Multi-Disciplinary Evaluation and is a peer reviewer for both the American Journal of Evaluation and the Journal of Evaluation and Program Planning as well as the journal, Preventing Chronic Disease: Public Health Research, Practice, and Policy. Bledsoe is also a member of the Association for Psychological Science, and the Society for the Study of Psychological Issues.
Before re-joining EDC, Bledsoe served as a founding member and senior research director at ThinkShift, an initiative of the DeBruce Foundation. She received a BA from the University of California-Santa Cruz, an MA from San Francisco State University, and a PhD from Claremont Graduate University.
This article spotlights the Home Language Survey Data Quality Self-Assessment tool developed by EDC's REL Northeast & Islands. The new tool will help educators evaluate the effectiveness of the surveys that schools use to identify English-language learners. The tools aims to allow schools to more accurately identify potential English-learners, avoid misidentifying students who don't need extra services, and allow for money dedicated to help students flow to district and schools who need it the most.
This empirical study, published in Urban Education, analyzed data from 638 teachers and 11,800 students in low-socioeconomic status (SES) urban schools (and schools with urban characteristics) exploring associations of school, teacher, teaching, and professional development characteristics toward student performance on the revised Advanced Placement (AP) Biology and AP Chemistry examinations.
Read more about When Do Students in Low-SES Schools Perform Better-Than-Expected on a High-Stakes Test
EDC's Regional Educational Laboratory Northeast and Islands worked with state and district practitioners to develop the Home Language Survey Data Quality Self-Assessment Tool. This 15-minute self-assessment is designed for use by state leaders who coordinate programs to support students’ English language acquisition and achievement in districts, as well as for district leaders who oversee the English learner student identification process in schools.
Graduation Outcomes of Students who Entered New York City Public Schools in Grade 5 or 6 as English Language Learners
This study describes high school graduation outcomes for students who entered New York City schools in grade 5 or 6 as English learner students. It uses longitudinal administrative data from New York City public schools for 2003/04 through 2012/13 to analyze high school graduation outcomes for students who entered New York City schools in grade 5 or 6 in 2003/04 as English learner students.